while many are calling the changes a revolutionary reformation , it may take seoulites some time to get used to the new system .
at the same time , members of several liberal civic groups , including jinbo corea , protested in front of the transition committee s headquarters in seoul .
the british economic magazine economist has proposed that korea redenominate its currency to one won to one euro , according to the chosun ilbo .
the captain and five other senior crew members of were charged with negligence and violating international maritime rules .
knight , a million signing from fulham , had deflected the ball into his own net on the same ground a week earlier in his final league match for fulham .
the kids , of course , loved the casts .
in her nld won national elections , but these were annulled by the army and she was never allowed to take power .
sunday s deadly attack on turkish soldiers prompted outrage among citizens in istanbul , turkey , who took to the streets in protest .
the move could result in some backlash from loyal customers .
the popularity of internet enabled mobile phones has spurred a huge rise in sex crimes the national police agency said .
tell me what you know about the company or why would you fit in well here ? have become staple interview questions , so don t be caught off guard .
to do that , i have concluded that it is in the best interests of those whom this institution serves for that mission to be carried forward under new leadership .
a one legged emirati father of is lining up his next two wives in a bid to reach his target of children by , emirates today reported on monday .
air travelers will find the airports bustling with extra flights , traffic on the roads could be at a standstill , street and bridge closings .
many in our country do not know the pain of poverty , but we can listen to those who do .
iraqi police are saying that people died in that attack
the attack occurred wednesday inside a police recruitment center in the southern part of the town , eight kilometers five miles from where the korean troops are based .
unlike its marine counterpart , these fresh water dolphins have a pudgy body and an extra long and sharp toothed snout .
when the new suits roll out , each one will be tailored to the individual astronaut and slipped on like a snug wetsuit
discussion of the sex habits of american seniors has received little attention , even from scientists .
both the chicago tribune and chicago sun times are reporting that a man suspected in the deaths , william balfour , has been arrested but not charged .
the group had been traveling in a convoy from the district capital of wana to lahhad a mile kilometer trip when they were last contacted , maj . gen . wahid arshad said .
a home that provided shelter and a base for her husband s streetside blacksmith business .
abu qatada , who is known as osama bin laden s spiritual ambassador in europe , is being held in britain for suspected links with terrorist organizations .
chinese companies are also heavily invested in light manufacturing , shipping , automobiles , telecommunications , construction and consumer electronics .
he remains in exile in britain .
tourniquets have allowed many people with devastating injuries to come back that in another time and another place would have died , said col . patricia r . hastings , director of the army s department of combat medic training based at fort sam houston in texas .
commenting on the results of the trial , published in medical journal the lancet this week , daniel cardinali , from the university of buenos aires and diego golombek from the national university of quilmes , buenos aires , said the results would be welcomed by shift workers , airline crew , tourists and football teams .
you can talk about dinosaur physiology , lifespan , reproductive strategies . and you could use this technique to look at all kinds of extinct animals .
in london on sunday , the olympic torch was met with widespread protests and scuffles between demonstrators and police as thousands turned out to protest olympic host china s human rights record and its recent clampdown on tibet .
we are having a very lively discussion , said yoshinobu yamamoto , a university of tokyo professor and co chair of the conference .
the biggest move in its near year history .
and presumably , such transplants could help treat such conditions as diabetes and spinal cord injury .
strasbourg , france cnn sudanese lawyer salih mahmoud osman received the european union s top human rights award on thursday for his work in the war torn region of darfur in western sudan , the european parliament said .
it s about the pace and the tempo and size of those reductions over time .
included were climate change , hiv and malaria , global poverty , international trade , the war on terror , the middle east peace process and afghanistan , according to brown and bush .
they also say he is responsible for the abduction of shalit .
it s a difficult day , general manager brian cashman said but it was one yankees fans could see coming .
government has been disagreed on the un declaration for prohibiting human cloning .
prime minister tony blair s office denied that megrahi , serving life in scotland for murdering people with the bomb that blew up pan am flight over the scottish town of lockerbie on december , , would be going home .
the song is one of about songs featured on guitar hero encore
but , the death of the founder s son left the firm adrift .
the globes also give out awards in the comedy musical field , and in this area nominations are likely to go to knocked up , hairspray and the soon to be released sweeney todd .
most of the victims are afghan civilians .
we are in shock beyond description , said cho byung je , a ministry official handling north american affairs .
baghdad , iraq britain s next prime minister , gordon brown , assured iraq s leaders of continued british support on monday as he made a flying visit to baghdad to listen and learn before he takes office later this month .
commission chairman justice george chiweshe said that a recount would be held april , according to the state run sunday mail .
the supermodel who died saturday afternoon after a fall from her th story apartment committed suicide , according to megan cuccia , a spokeswoman for the new york medical examiner s office .
obama on wednesday picked up endorsements from two key unions in nevada , which holds its caucuses january .
gold futures reached , on the new york mercantile exchange before dropping slightly to . .
in his familiar right wing position , beckham looked off the pace and was replaced in the second half by aston villa winger ashley young for his england debut .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s president , general pervez musharraf , will skip a highly anticipated thursday meeting with his afghan counterpart and tribal leaders along the mountainous border region between their two countries , his government announced on the eve of the conference .
they might think this is a model for mainland china , david chan said , explaining the need to protest instead of staying at home .
but there s a cool little day trip from denver that often gets overlooked by out of towners .
the work on the vaccine is very much under way , and we are at the steps of testing the various strains to see which is the most appropriate .
obama is expected to pick up at least delegates in kentucky , and by cnn estimates , that will give him , of the , pledged delegates at stake in all of primaries and caucuses .
protesters said they had waded through chest deep water from outlying areas to voice their anger about a dearth of relief aid .
ducat said during the standoff that he had seized the hostages in an effort to call attention to education and housing issues , as well as corruption , in the philippines . what what the hostage taker had demanded
clinton on tuesday acknowledged her white house bid is on the line in pennsylvania .
by months , most babies can soothe themselves , so it s fine to let them wail for a few minutes while you finish your shower or cooking dinner .
but experts say north korea s fate may be beyond its control .
according to the new york times , the terrorists claim security forces provided uniforms and vehicles needed to set up a phony checkpoint not far from the area where johnson was abducted .
the deal between nasdaq and omx brings together the largest electronic stock market in the united states and the owner of the share markets in stockholm , helsinki , copenhagen , iceland and the baltic states .
but spears says she s no longer angry at the tabloids , and now tries to be numb to what i see .
with states holding nominating contests from coast to coast on tuesday , the candidates crisscrossed the country , leading rallies and urging supporters to get out and vote .
elsewhere , police there thwarted a suicide bombing .
a copy of the draft , which cnn obtained thursday , calls for the extension of the mandate for another year after the current one expires next week , on august .
mike tanner of the cato institute
the government plans to make a formal announcement wednesday , the sources in the commission said tuesday .
ban ki moon , minister of foreign affairs and trade , wednesday tried to dodge criticism by a top u . s . lawmaker who accused seoul of taking an apologetic attitude toward communist north korea .
thanks to robust demand in asia , boosting the trade surplus to . trillion yen . billion , the ministry of finance said .
meantime , a private measure of the services sector of the economy shrank in april for the th month in a row .
reduce saturated fat to no more than percent of total calories , and cholesterol to no more than milligrams per day
opposition mps boycotted the vote .
that s not what my life is all about .
a diplomatic source said a mortar round landed near the stand .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in a written statement , talabani s office said he became sick as a result of the hard and continuing work of the past few days .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi has announced plans to withdraw his country s troops from iraq .
the raided firms included a corporate finance company , q capital holdings , and a corporate restructuring firm , win win , which are thought to have been involved in hyundai s acquisition of machinery company wia after the group took over the ailing kia motors in .
after the theft of the inch long croc made national news in norway , the kidnappers handed him over to reporters from the tv television network through a middleman late monday , reports said .
carter also said simple tools to combat malaria , such as bed netting , could save , to , lives a year in ethiopia .
this is among the best enka i ve heard and it s from a foreigner .
in berlin , jackson was taking a break from a california courtroom where he testified last week in a million lawsuit claiming he backed out of concerts .
pak rejected the economic and military sanctions and blamed the united states for the reported blast , saying the u . s . had forced north korea into rattling sabers .
the south korean military has successfully conducted a couple of drills regarding the operation of the systems involved in counterfire missions , a senior military official told the joong ang ilbo yesterday .
spain says increased air and sea surveillance of africa s coast has led to a sharp drop in the number of people attempting the journey .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports the grand national party s sweep of elections on wednesday left local bodies , both executive and legislative , devoid of uri representation in seoul .
four major league teams are fighting to avoid elimination .
the netherlands , whose only major title came at the european championship in , are in what is widely regarded as the toughest group at the june tournament in austria and switzerland .
i roll back into my hometown of aeroskobing .
ann nixon cooper sits back in her dining room chair , her eyes closed tight and her lips clenched , when asked if she will attend barack obama s inauguration in january .
before the hurricane , neville traditionally closed out the second weekend of the festival with his brothers , in addition to doing a turn in the gospel tent .
it s a war that was launched against the american people
in what was the first ever diet address by a chinese premier , he said japan s invasions in the s and s had caused china s people tremendous pain .
they appeared to be driving normally , certainly better than probably some other people on that road , sgt matt clifford of the moree police said .
chinese style sampans as well as gondolas will sail down canals .
left in limbo by a two day rainstorm , the phillies seesawed to their first championship since .
the real justification of the position of the wrist is to hold the blanket on her stomach . it s really a great , for me , it s really a great discovery .
talk about your feelings and keep in mind it s not personal , but the effects of the disease , said beth kallmyer , licensed clinical social worker .
clinton lavished her opponent with praise tuesday , saying he ran an extraordinary race and made politics more palatable for many .
beijing has raised interest rates five times this year to tamp down investment , and economists expect another hike later in the year .
excluding china , toyota s sales in asia declined last year along with the broader market , but the automaker is set to crank up volumes in with a new factory in thailand .
critical services such as health care , state police patrols and prisons would still be maintained .
the items were discovered in the past two days in monasteries in the gannan prefecture .
they may be reluctant , but kids in locust grove , georgia , can give up their trick or treat loot for some cold , hard cash .
the albatrosses are attracted to the bait and while some manage to steal it successfully , many more get snagged and drown , madge said .
the military claims to have killed more than , insurgents in the current offensive .
richardson on wednesday called it a great honor to be chosen for the post .
nothing occurred during the hours and minutes of the transfer that required cheney to take official action , aides said .
emergency aid has begun to reach survivors of saturday s earthquake in indonesia , as many people spent a third night without shelter .
visiting tokyo with his son a few years ago , producer j . j . abrams was struck by the omnipresence of godzilla in toy stores half a century after the giant reptile first terrorized japan .
berlin , germany cnn celebrity polar bear knut who won the hearts of millions around the globe as a roly poly orphan cub celebrated his first birthday wednesday with a cake made from eggs and pounds of marzipan .
it s not just academics who set up monetary contracts to fight procrastination .
after being abducted , hong said , the workers were confined to a certain area but were never seriously threatened .
but the novice screenwriter also has written a sweet movie that s shaping up as a surprise hit .
google bought youtube for nearly . billion last year .
diego forlan gave atletico madrid the lead on the stroke of halftime in their home group b victory against aberdeen . atletico sent on simao at the start of the second half and the portuguese winger scored number two after minutes .
the overnight bank to bank lending rate slid , according to data obtained from bloomberg . com .
the president is getting the last of his ducks in a row , having the vice president swear in his attorney general this hour , then nominating a third republican to his cabinet .
others said abe s exit could prove positive in the longer term , if it clears the air and allows the ruling liberal democratic party to stabilize after a series of political missteps .
a procedure they had not expected to need
nowak , a navy captain , is accused of accosting air force capt . colleen shipman , , in the parking lot of orlando international airport early monday and spraying her with pepper spray .
what would you do if you were a magpie ?
he also conveyed the australian government s strongly held view that japan s whaling program should cease .
just seven years ago fortune was predicting that high flying tech companies would soon displace the oil and auto giants that had been hogging the limelight at the top of the global .
boston red sox ace josh beckett pitched two scoreless innings of relief to earn the victory , while chris young of the san diego padres was the losing pitcher and rodriguez earned the save , despite walking two of the three batters he faced .
indexes in germany , france and britain all have been down more than .
walking strengthens the muscles and builds up the bones to which they are attached .
the government yesterday announced it will ship , tons of heavy fuel oil to the north next week to meet the deadline of july .
the beatles are the all time leaders with .
apple inc . said wednesday quarterly profit soared percent on lower component costs and sales of macbook laptops and ipod digital media players , lifting its shares by percent to above for the first time .
nam said the ferry would not resume operations until tokyo improved its actions regarding the ship .
it was when warner bros . signed wyman to a long term contract .
it s the first ever global vote , said tia b . viering , spokeswoman for the new wonders of the world campaign .
they also could determine whether the fight between sens .
cnn a wounded dolphin spotted earlier this week in glasgow , scotland has been seen again closer to the sea , a marine life group said late friday , but there were still concerns about the animal .
cnn polling director keating holland said obama made some gains on the leadership issue even before the debate .
we have closed in the last week .
the diversion project , which included a meter yard channel up to meters feet wide , was completed at p . m . a . m . et saturday , said liu ning , chief engineer of the ministry of water resources and the project s deputy director , xinhua reported .
adjustments have also been made to the new track , which opens june , notably the banking on turns .
in complete contrast , the tiny island republic of singapore , which generates a large variety of toxic wastes from its heavy engineering and manufacturing industries , has tough environmental laws .
chad s government has approved the move , unicef said .
separately , pwc is in the midst of a court battle in russia against tax authorities who allege it knowingly aided yukos in what has been called a massive tax evasion scheme , according to the journal report .
disaster officials had evacuated about , people from the region , moving them to schools and public buildings further inland .
birmingham , in the midlands of the united kingdom , for example , was recently voted the ugliest city in the country through a national poll .
the man who pulled out a rifle is involved with neo nazi and hooligan groups , as the year old man was overpowered , a spokesman for the paris police department told cnn .
but two other men smith s former boyfriend larry birkhead and frederic von anhalt also claim to have fathered the infant .
robinson said communications were patchy and it was difficult to make telephone calls on both landlines and cell phones .
in recent years the concept of the dirigible airship has been reevaluated because of the environmental need to find lower carbon methods of freight transportation .
the accused pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to kill a policeman during the rally in the capital kuala lumpur on november , the lawyer said .
mathews said the study pointed to a simple technique to influencing the chances of a male birth
the midfielder currently has caps to his name , one less than the current record for an outfield player , bobby moore .
beach that hanalei is a great getaway beach .
president roh moo hyun will accept the bill according to cheong wa dae and will appoint a counsel within the necessary timeframe .
members of the survivors network of those abused by priests are flying to rome to protest at monday s service .
gambari is attempting to mediate between burma s junta and the opposition , and end a bloody crackdown on mass pro democracy protests .
the population of iraq is million .
a day after the indiana and north carolina primaries bolstered sen . barack obama s candidacy , sen . dianne feinstein , d california and a superdelegate , said she wants to talk to clinton to see what her view is on the rest of the race .
now it seemed to lee that the only way to return home was to survive the course .
there were a lot of folks who didn t think we could make this a race when it started , he said at a campaign rally in evansville , indiana , where democrats will go to the polls may . they thought we were going to get blown out .
the protesters dispersed after ahmadinejad left the campus .
it s a better way to appreciate the beauty of the place , and more adventurous than driving .
people s choice awards hits
french anti terrorism police arrested nine people monday suspected of planning attacks , including an islamic militant previously convicted on terrorism charges and freed from prison two years ago .
british officials announced saturday that the h n virus was behind the deaths of , turkeys on a farm near the town of lowestoft , about miles northeast of london .
well , the annual white house correspondents association dinner is tonight a black tie event that attracts a mix of politicians , celebrities , and journalists .
the sultry jazz musical chicago won the golden globe for best musical comedy sunday while the hours was honored as best film drama .
the discs look like cds an inch . centimeters across and are housed in plastic cartridges .
investigators found a message taped to one leg of the bomber , saying that spies for america would meet the fate of those killed in the blast
the u . s . military said people , thought to be a mix of insurgents and civilians , were killed near samarra when a u . s . helicopter crew fired on people who were setting up a roadside bomb .
singapore authorities caused an uproar in by searching , files on a business network .
police helped the squabbling duo make up and the two returned home together , with the son s house keys and daily allowance restored .
the gallery refused , and officials later backed down , saying there was no realistic prospect of securing a conviction in the case .
the fda provides the number before the drug is approved in order to track it through the approval process .
and technical colleges were also set up as a substitute for the craft apprenticeship , in order to foster the new skills that machinery demanded .
an iraqi interior ministry official confirmed the killing and said the u . s . military opened fire randomly on people after a number of roadside bombs detonated .
an autopsy to be performed wednesday may make clear the cause of death .
we need to approach the old challenge of affordable housing with new energy , new ideas , and a new efficient style of leadership .
in its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under dutch law .
on monday , crude prices surged to yet another record after the commerce department said wholesale sales jumped by . percent in january , their biggest increase in four years , according to dow jones newswires .
an eight year old female was running towards him , at which time she was shot in the face .
nelson said the gap could be narrowed to three years if nasa were to get an extra million above the budget request and an extra million each in and .
last week china dismissed reports that its armed forces had infiltrated german government computer systems .
no one on the list has attempted to enter south korea , a ministry official said .
in oberpfaffenhofen , in bavaria , germany , a car struck and killed a year old man who was riding a motorbike , after a gust of wind blew the man into the wrong side of the road , police spokesman wolgang goergmaier said .
angry over the suicide bombing , supporters of bhutto s pakistan people s party threw stones and burned tires in parts of the city .
corporate factory farms dominate the farm landscape in the united states today .
australia s government has been insistent that its officers provide protection only for the flame , not the gang of blue suited chinese toughs who are traveling with the torch .
the clock is a foot square wooden mock up in the magazine s office at the university of chicago .
it is believed to be the first time a north korean vessel has been inspected under security council resolution .
when asked whether he had any contact with blagojevich about the senate seat , obama said he had no contact with the governor or his office .
we really are excited about the future of using different technologies , including technology like this , in trying to figure out if there s better ways to do surveillance for outbreaks of influenza or any other diseases in the united states , he said .
every year , this prison in western russia stages a contest to find the most beautiful inmate .
the prius , the second mass market hybrid after the honda insight , went on sale in the u . s . in .
that message flies in the face of a warning set forth saturday by gen . pervez musharraf , pakistan s president .
currently the number of new students in all universities and colleges totals a , .
the measures which ban imports from north korea and visits by its ships will continue for another six months .
could it be otherwise with people , including a and year old , crowded into a rented four bedroom condo trying to eat breakfast and get ready to ski at the same time ?
yeah , i knew he was talking about me
an agreement on a u . n . security council resolution calling for an israeli gaza cease fire has been reached , arab and western diplomats said thursday afternoon .
another area , called courthouse square , also was destroyed , meyer said .
he was one of the last englishman to speak to the dictator before nazi forces invaded poland on september , .
cho s parents worked in a dry cleaning business .
france is to ban smoking in all public places from next february , the prime minister has announced .
dozens more were apparently abducted in the worst fighting since rival factions hamas and fatah agreed to form a unity government in a february deal .
capt . jerry elston of the madison county sheriff s department said emergency crews could do little to help .
palestinian health officials say fourteen palestinians died in the fighting .
all those who were killed are all civilians .
us military officials said the two hydraulic engineering specialists , one from germany , the other from the netherlands , were driving along a remote stretch of highway in southern iraq when their four wheel drive vehicle was blasted by gunfire from a passing car .
abe has been facing calls to resign ever since his liberal democratic party suffered a crushing defeat in july s upper house election .
piracy has been rampant in the waters off somalia for years , and monday s attack followed several recent incidents of piracy in the same area .
there had been street violence saturday after iraq won its quarterfinal game .
the resulting public backlash is prompting the government to rethink its tightly regulated national holiday policy .
but it has repeatedly rejected un demands to give up the enrichment of uranium , which the us and other western states fear is being diverted to a nuclear weapons project .
and i was deeply touched by a lot of people i saw on election night with tears streaming down their face and saying , i never , ever thought i would see this day coming .
it ended up buried six centimetres beneath the skin , close to his left lung .
he said in an article published monday that the cuban leader told him he wants mexico and cuba to return to the close friendship the two countries once shared .
host ellen degeneres had promised a kinder , gentler show than those of the previous two years , when jon stewart and chris rock hosted the event .
while on the island , she felt nothing but profound sadness , disappointment and unresolved anger .
tribal leaders from all over afghanistan would be called together to accept or reject national policies , to settle disputes between tribes or to consider new constitutions .
the carmans said they ve been well supported by family and friends and the navy during the ordeal .
one protester s sign said the u . n . is turning schools into nightclubs , ap reported .
the year old soldier died in a firearms accident in baghdad last week . pvt kovco was due to be buried near the southern city of melbourne with full military honors .
the big four local banks commonwealth bank , national australia bank , westpac banking corp . and anz banking group were all down between . percent and . percent .
bush , who relaunched formal peace talks last fall at a conference in annapolis , maryland , has turned a mideast peace deal into a signature foreign policy goal for his remaining months in office .
she was a gold medalist at the prestigious varna international ballet competition in and was awarded france s pavlova prize in .
the korea herald reports despite the election of a relatively moderate leader of the nation s umbrella labor group yesterday , labor experts are still not optimistic that the union will return to the negotiating table to discuss controversial labor reform bills .
at least people have died in recent clashes at islamabad s red mosque complex .
the gathering of mccain allies on his campaign plane has gotten thick .
the pill is actually an over the counter vitamin b supplement known as nadh and marketed as enada .
it will be offered exclusively in the u . s . by at t inc . s wireless division , formerly known as cingular .
walking also helps ease the pain of arthritis in areas where bones are joined by strengthening the muscles around the bones .
scattered over the troodos mountains , cyprus s medieval timber roofed churches , listed as unesco world heritage monuments for their stunning wall paintings , are at the top of many religious tourists lists , he added .
in the december letter to sarkozy , now the president , bardot said france is tired of being led by the nose by this population that is destroying us , destroying our country by imposing its acts .
if it goes ahead , the bailout will be the largest after the drastic corporate restructuring following the currency crisis .
paul scholes powered manchester united into an all english champions league climax in moscow on may with the only goal of a tense semifinal clash against barcelona at old trafford .
we certainly are further along in this consultation than we were when i arrived this morning , hill said after meetings with north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan . there has been progress .
the troubling implication of such coverage for the millions of average citizens who are aware of this case is that the rich and famous wesley snipes has gotten away with it .
was a bench , positioned as though someone was about to play .
it s retirement that bums him out .
but in announcing the listing , secretary of the interior dirk kempthorne said the decision should not be misused to regulate global climate change .
joan baez is in a celebratory mood .
yoo hoe won , chief of lone star funds seoul office , denied all accusations during his first trial yesterday in connection with the u . s . fund s acquisition of korea exchange bank .
the fed was . . . the catalyst to get us going here , said phil flynn , an analyst at alaron trading corp . in chicago .
there s no record of any problems in school , no reported abuse , he said .
the two paintings , worth about million francs million , are in good condition and are still protected by the original glass covering , police said in a statement .
phillies beat rays in world series opener
north korea requested the aids to south korea .
everyone is doing very well this morning , hospital ceo scott hill told reporters wednesday at a dual press conference with virginia gov . tim kaine .
kaing guek eav , who headed the regime s notorious s prison and torture center , entered the tribunal for a pretrial hearing to appeal his detention ahead of trials scheduled to begin in .
authorities failed to give a boy medical treatment for a gunshot wound and even refused to let him drink water from a toilet before he died , the man was quoted as saying .
he wants to get a driver s license and begin volunteering or working in the community , all under the supervision of his doctors .
to initially visit mexico and costa rica for five days before joining the th world summit at the u . n . headquarters between sept . , presidential spokesman kim man soo said .
france has agreed to sell anti tank missiles to libya as part of a broader military agreement , the son of libyan leader moammar gadhafi was quoted as saying by french newspaper le monde on wednesday .
asked about their previous statements regarding the release of the two , the source said they had received orders from their leadership but some problems in the ongoing talks between taliban negotiators and a korean delegation in ghazni where the militants kidnapped koreans on july had arisen .
they are said to be in good health .
the six wounded include students relatives , as well as militants , according to abu shamaleh s aide .
spaniard nicolas almagro crushed finn jarkko nieminen to set up a likely quarter final with top seed roger federer , who plays cypriot marcos baghdatis later on thursday .
we had no idea of the gravity of the situation , or we would ve stopped the show .
five doctors and nurses who back government run health care were thrown out of a hearing room today when they staged a protest .
ronald jackson , jamaica s disaster preparedness director , said at least one house had collapsed , but no one was seriously injured .
giuseppina pasqualino di marineo , known as pippa bacca , was hitchhiking with a friend from milan , italy to jerusalem dressed in wedding dresses as part of what they called brides on tour .
washington cnn is the united states the greatest country on earth ?
ap correspondent tim sullivan reports from new delhi
on thursday evening much of the city was plunged into darkness , after storms caused failures in the power supply .
presidential debates are part of the political process in politically developed countries .
at least people have been killed since unrest erupted , after he sacked soldiers who were striking over pay and conditions , triggering clashes within different factions of the security forces and ethnic violence .
the korea herald reports in an aug .
the agency s web site contains a brochure that asks the question
an earlier version of the missile was tested in april , and officials said they could not release details of how it had been upgraded .
the show has a voice , and it s very much his voice , said travel channel president pat younge . he tells it as he sees it . if it s good that means it s good
the slides came on top of plunging oil and gold prices , and just a day after a u . s . federal reserve rate cut aimed at lifting some of the economic gloom .
i ve gone through enough of my life worrying about that kind if thing , said carey .
those rules , in place for two decades , were overturned by a u . s . law that extended daylight saving time by three weeks in the spring and one week in the autumn .
the government unveiled yesterday rescue measures for credit delinquents , including a rescheduling of debt owed by low income earners and writing off their interests .
the shiite led iraqi government rolled out the red carpet , literally , for ahmadinejad as he became the first iranian president to visit iraq , a country that was a bitter enemy when saddam hussein s sunni government was in power .
the argentine cabinet chief , alberto fernandez , criticized the decision .
a year old man who introduced himself only as a north korean defector , was handing out white chrysanthemums to passersby .
more than countries around the pacific ocean have tested a system to warn them of approaching tsunamis .
local media reported the bus driver survived and is in police custody .
the united states has sharply criticized the detentions , but iran insists america has no right to interfere .
at the insistence of the au , portugal invited all africa s leaders .
now his eureka , mo . based company has seven employees and did . million in sales last year .
a poll published monday by the paris daily newspaper liberation showed percent of those responding supported the government while only percent backed the unions .
for that we go live at the white house with the ap s sauger magoni
he s someone who is uh , steeped in the economy and in managing crises .
archaeologists say they have discovered an ancient egyptian burial site containing dozens of preserved mummies dating back as far as , years .
this year , japan plans to take some humpbacks .
despite the deployment of an african union led peacekeeping force , remnants of the islamic group continue to battle government and ethiopian troops in the capital and other parts of the country .
fearing he might be arrested if he stepped off the plane , sharif refused to hand over his passport and calmly sat in his airline seat , surrounded by a crush of aides , reporters , and others .
raro combines jamaican blue mountain and kupi luwak , two extremely rare coffees .
so says the bride , elana glatt , who was so upset that she sued the florist and alleged breach of contract .
hsbc holdings plc reported monday that first quarter profit was better than in the same period a year ago despite a us . billion write down on subprime mortgage assets in the united states .
however , at the age of , the princes are able to access interest and other income accrued on the pound
his comments came on korea s national holiday commemorating the independence movement against japan s colonial rule here from to .
the rate at which people enter the world s workforce is expected to slow during the next ten years .
amc theaters across the country have posted signs warning moviegoers of potential side effects associated with motion sickness similar to riding a roller coaster .
the torch was going to be in the eastern cities of ningbo and jiaxing in zhejiang province on monday , then in shanghai on tuesday and wednesday .
the city will be under a curfew and school was canceled friday , smith said .
thousands of fans had filled the streets of the capital after iraqi athletes competing in malaysia defeated south korea , catapulting the nation to the asian cup finals for the first time .
prosecutors indicted chung in may , accusing him of illegally raising a slush fund of . billion won million euro million via affiliates which authorities say was used to pay lobbyists and for other purposes .
for years astronauts have been lumbering around space in the same heavy , energy sapping suits
militants accused authorities of violating the september deal by redeploying troops to checkpoints vacated under terms of the accord .
osaka , japan cnn tyson gay sprinted into the history books on thursday as he completed the rare world meters double in emphatic fashion in osaka , japan .
but giving speeches alone won t end the war , and making campaign promises you might not keep certainly won t end it . in the end , the true test is not the speeches a president delivers , it s whether the president delivers on the speeches .
they want him to answer questions about allegations he secretly concealed assets in a family owned property company .
it said construction would start next week and would take about four months , and the new highway would become a major route for tourists and mountaineers .
no country in the world is perfect in human right issues , spokeswoman jiang yu told xinhua . the chinese people are enjoying many rights that they have never enjoyed before .
mccain s running mate sarah palin drew the highest ratings in years for the show when she was on snl two weeks ago .
both sides also adopted a new style for reunion of the separated families via video and pursued to hold them on a regular basis .
however , he said the lack of a deadline for withdrawal meant there was no impetus for the iraqi leadership to take control of the security situation .
macau has unblocked funds that have been a stumbling block to a deal on north korea s nuclear program , macanese and us officials have said .
kasparov was followed in sunday s voting by sergei gulyayev , a former member of st . petersburg s legislative assembly , who received votes , and former prime minister mikhail kasyanov with , mamina said .
the official said that as cultural and economic exchanges between the two sides increased , the mood was ripe .
florida quarterback tim tebow had three touchdown passes
the million year old animal called microraptor gui , in honor of chinese paleontologist gu zhiwei was about feet cm long and had two sets of feathered wings , with one set on its forelimbs and the other on its hind legs .
the military is distrustful of gul , who served as minister in a banned islamist party in .
lee said the incoming lee myung bak administration will ease regulations prohibiting cross ownership between media businesses and get rid of stumbling blocks to the growth of their business .
the economy has dominated the last leg of the campaign trail as the two candidates have tried to convince voters that they are the best candidate to handle the financial crisis .
as a grammy winning superstar known for hits such as i will always love you .
authorities found journals and handwritten notes describing the mother and daughter s attempts to find a monkey small enough to smuggle back to the united states .
i think phil did a great job , countered chuck freedman , an it specialist from suburban detroit , michigan .
cnn the saudi lawyer who represented a woman kidnapped and raped by seven men said his license to practice has been reinstated .
japan s akiko morigami has withdrawn from the women s singles with an injured knee .
those plans , she said , involved testing a vehicle in an attempt to set a world land speed record .
the cost of food has increased by around percent since mid worldwide , and the strain has caused riots and protests in countries such as cameroon , burkina faso , haiti and egypt .
for example , someone will be asked sam cooke s a change is gonna come .
it is usually about feet . meters long and weighs around kilograms pounds .
former pakistani prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif signed up on monday to run in a january election while a spokesman for president pervez musharraf said he would be sworn in as a civilian on thursday .
who has been director of the white house office of homeland security , as his nominee to lead the vast , new department .
yan jiangying , spokeswoman for the state food and drug administration , said the case had brought only shame to the watchdog . this kind of serious case of law breaking by a small minority of corrupt elements , as far as the entire system is concerned , really made us feel ashamed , she said . but these cases revealed several problems , and i think we need to seriously reflect on what lessons we can draw .
outgoing prime minister romano prodi called the loan an act of responsibility aimed at staving off bankruptcy and the possibility of thousands of lay offs , according to italian media reports .
they want to see force , they want to see people coming into their country to help them , peacekeepers , she said . they re expecting the united nations , they re expecting action .
the new transportation system network is expected to be more convenient , but transportation fares have also increased .
the same court cleared the country s other main political party , the democrats , of similar charges of election fraud .
a customer had reportedly called nongshim asking for a refund and a recall on all of its product made on that day .
the railways have been out of use since the korean war .
the pair are recognized as the discoverers in of the virus that can expose people to aids .
outgoing president jiang zemin retained the chair of a powerful military commission and probable continuing influence for years .
i do not share the analysis that other nations are not stepping up to the plate because we have seen many allies . . . announcing or making effective an increase in their contribution , he said .
some date references , including a mention of democrats gaining the majority in congress , may indicate the tape is new .
according to the coalition , the battle began when four taliban members fired rounds at troops patrolling the northeast corner of helmand province s sangin district .
and we find that children and community are the commitments that set us free .
traditional practitioners have always abounded , and now a growing interest in natural therapies is boosting ancient methods like ayurveda , homeopathy and siddha , which uses minerals .
public ombudsman german mundarain a close ally of chavez s urged lawmakers monday to reconsider an amendment that would let the government waive some civil liberties during a state of emergency , allowing authorities to detain citizens without charge .
they also detained three security company employees on charges of kidnapping , police said .
when someone like her couldn t vote for two reasons
ochoa leads the money list with more than . million earned in nine events this season .
i shouted alfredo s name and then opened fire at his head with my machine gun because he was wearing a bulletproof vest , the guard told the associated press , speaking on condition of anonymity because he is prohibited from talking to the media about the attack .
tadic s coalition , the coalition for european serbia , held about percent of the vote , for about seats , according to preliminary results from the belgrade based center for free elections and democracy , or cesid .
but he acknowledged that a lot has to be done to prepare .
objective is now to bring back the yellow jersey to paris , said the rabobank rider .
worst weather should be in uh , western colorado , eastern idaho , and also going into uh , utah .
the seoul central district court late tuesday rejected the prosecution s request to arrest lone star co founder and vice chairman ellis short , general council michael thompson and paul yoo , the head of lone star s korean unit .
the national general election poll of polls consists of four recent surveys
the cardinals anquan boldin practiced in full pads wednesday , and despite a tight hamstring , should also be ready to play , in his words .
transgendered people and other users who find the male female distinction too limiting will still have the option of removing gender entirely from their profiles .
images broadcast on vietnamese television showed mounds of twisted steel and cables shrouded in dust and smoke .
the peacekeeping force , the united nations biggest , is in congo to help the huge , chaotic country recover from a five year war that began in , since then an estimated million people have been killed by violence or related hunger and disease .
he added that the town had missed the timeframe during which it could complain about any infringement of its name .
residents of a western pennsylvania neighborhood can return home sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before .
netanyahu s national security adviser seems to hint israel might consider military action against iran .
nairobi , kenya cnn former u . n . secretary general kofi annan on tuesday pleaded with kenya s government to take extraordinary measures to protect civilians hours after an opposition lawmaker was killed outside his home .
the goal must be a peace in which all sides gain , he said . there must be a peace in which israelis will be part of the neighborhood .
the ships sank sunday during a fierce storm which generated hurricane force winds and gigantic waves in the black sea and the azov sea to the north .
the kids choose snow white .
to ease the suffering of those palestinians in gaza , the united states is giving million to the u . n . relief and works agency , she said .
in the other , michael jackson , who really likes it when people call him the king of pop .
if arteries are constricted it may restrict blood flow which can result in miscarriage .
but people are already feeling the effects of a recession .
an iranian official , however , said it was not a serious incident , the state run news agency irna reported .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said friday that was a busy and challenging year , but also a positive one for u . s . foreign policy .
the trails suggest itineraries for several regions across the state wineries , restaurants , nearby historic sites and special events .
a heathrow spokesman who spoke on condition of anonymity said authorities were investigating the unlawful protest .
in one , the minister said america had brought the september attacks upon itself .
the body shop has grown into a global phenomenon with nearly , stores in countries and remains independently run despite being owned by l oreal group .
a . billion package of grants and tax incentives entices businesses to relocate in depressed areas , create jobs and revive the local economy .
on abc s this week , missouri democratic senator claire mccaskill says everyone in congress knows unemployment will rise , even with president barack obama s stimulus plan
hill who has faced down slobodan milosevic and barricaded himself against mobs in macedonia as a negotiator in the bosnia and kosovo crises has been making periodic visits to beijing for years , with troops of reporters flying in from south korea and japan to cover his wrangling with pyongyang over a deal that would rid the communist country of its nuclear weapons program .
the commerce department says spending fell six tenths of a percent last month .
the procedure will be supervised by dr . richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said .
civic groups yesterday launched a campaign to boycott tours to the mount geumgang resort amid growing tensions triggered by north korea s claimed nuclear test last week .
montego bay , jamaica cnn hurricane dean skirted the southern coast of jamaica on sunday , pounding the island with high winds and surf even as its eye remained offshore .
only a few empty hotels now stand there .
when paired with giuliani , clinton comes out on top by four percentage points , percent to percent .
and then there ll be one at night in albuquerque , new mexico .
although the economy grew . percent in for the fourth straight year of growth , output from key mining , manufacturing and power industries is declining , south korea s central bank of korea says .
the reaction came after the board of audit and inspection bai claimed the fund was ineligible to buy a bank in and that financial regulators approved its purchase of keb in violation of the law .
a city worker who chanced to walk by shortly after midnight saw the building swaying and alerted people inside by shouting and throwing stones at the windows , said istanbul mayor kadir topbas .
british police say they have defused a bomb in central london .
in london this morning , michael jackson s attorney says the singer might be too sick to travel to testify in a case claiming he owes million to an arab sheikh .
wen called on banks to not only increase credit to rural areas , but to strictly limit loans to industries that consume large amounts of energy or are highly polluting .
stocks surged tuesday , with the dow climbing nearly points , after comments from executives at goldman sachs and other major banks reassured investors worried about the ongoing fallout from the credit market crisis .
the government also said it would reduce water outflows from a dam upstream .
the same court , the highest in kuwait , has thrown out four similar pleas filed by female activists who claimed kuwait s electoral law barring female voting was discriminatory and unconstitutional .
yes , there are a couple of chase scenes , but scott rarely shifts into high gear .
millions have opened blogs , too . mobile phone users also reached more than half a billion in september , according to the government .
henin becomes the sixth woman to successfully defend the wta s season ending championship , her th title of the year and th of her career .
yet it s an enjoyable ramble , with a feel for what made the early days of rock as wild as any that followed .
chief executive jeroen van der veer described the results as satisfactory overall , noting that the company had weak refining margins but launched new production projects . . . and achieved exploration successes .
on one wall in the exhibit stands a large diorama presented to stalin on his th birthday , in .
taraji henson lost her father one year before she began filming the curious case of benjamin button .
it was microsoft s ceo steve ballmer taking the stage at las vegas last night , announcing windows is almost ready for prime time and will be ready for beta testing by regular users who can download and play with it starting tomorrow .
prosecutors tuesday detained the head of u . s . buyout fund lone star s south korean office in connection with an investigation into the fund s alleged tax evasions and illegal currency dealings here .
now a new breed of entertainer has cropped up think of them as male geishas .
three people have been killed and two wounded in a sniper attack in the town of moscow , idaho .
the same is not true in communist china .
train explosion in nk will not affect six way talks .
conservatives are fiercely opposed to both same sex partnerships and the ordaining of gay priests , and the issue threatens to tear the anglicans apart .
exports in april surged to record . billion .
the sheriff s department said the fire forced the evacuation of about , people .
soon , we will see a huge power vacuum in the region , ahmadinejad said .
he coached the dream team to olympic gold in , after winning back to back nba championships with the detroit pistons . chuck daly died at his home in florida
as well as their cameras , visitors are bringing their cash .
the divine mercy care pharmacy opened this week in a strip mall .
zheng xiaoyu was convicted on charges of taking bribes and of dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency reported .
nadal , the second seed and runner up last year , will meet czech tomas berdych , the number seven seed , in the last eight after taking just over three hours to overcome youzhny .
heavy rain disrupted the tournament for the ninth day , forcing an early close to action .
are window shopping
while the wind at the top could drag a kite flier , the beach below is ideal for sunbathing .
the islamic fundamentalists have called for releasing their comrades in prisons , including some high profile commanders in the custody of the u . s . military , in exchange for the hostages .
the ai for vitamin d is international units for adults under age , iu for those to , and iu for those age and above .
citing a recent recording from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that threatens attacks on europe , bush said the war in afghanistan must be won .
as we have said in the past , attempts to partition or divide iraq by intimidation , force or other means into three separate states would produce extraordinary suffering and bloodshed , the embassy said in a written statement .
olmert announced the prisoner release at a summit with abbas and the leaders of egypt and jordan in this red sea resort that the arabs and palestinians are hoping can push forward the peace process and strengthen abbas hand .
a huge cloud of choking dust is passing over south korea as the first sand storm of the year blows in from communist china .
and sometimes two shifts are enough to meet demand .
russia s sharapova won her debut at the wta championships and has qualified every year since .
speaking before putin , medvedev said he supported putin taking the party leadership , calling it a logical and timely step .
the agreement would give mexican producers access to a european market of million consumers , while the mexican economy would benefit from european investment and more modern technology .
asked whether he believes iranians have stopped interfering and providing military resources or training to groups within the country , al rubaie responded , that is absolutely right .
it s to the point where we have nothing left .
the surprise discovery should hasten the search for other such voracious stars , boosting the understanding of planetary evolution , the european researchers said .
to get right to the point , there is no problem in the rok u . s . alliance , he said .
cibulkova had made an impressive run through the draw , upsetting no . anna chakvetadze , th seeded amelie mauresmo and no . victoria azarenka .
you think about all the people who had to knock down barriers for me to walk through this door , he said .
one of the other myths is that this is a problem of poor , inner city , mostly minority youth .
a patient s life is saved thanks to a tiny microchip implanted in his body that lets a doctor detect a dangerous condition before it becomes critical .
the official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the press , said the plane carried a crew of five cambodians and a russian co pilot .
deep throat , the ultimate anonymous source in real life , who was played by hal holbrook in all the president s men
cnn osama bin laden s top lieutenant warned in a video statement released sunday that iraqi tribal leaders who side with u . s . troops against al qaeda fighters would face reprisals when americans leave iraq .
former world champion boonen at first thought he had had the last word and raised his arms in triumph but soon realised his lieutenant had beaten him .
it was the first violence since the military seized power by ousting legally elected prime minister thaksin shinawatra in september .
it s a chance to communicate without having to face someone or fear their judgment .
the bomb threat was made just weeks after eta called off a month cease fire , blaming the government for refusing to make concessions in the peace process and warning it was once again becoming active on all fronts .
london , england cnn nelson mandela is in london for a week of events to celebrate his th birthday .
he just presents it , and leaves it to viewers to think about .
that region is known as mountain lion country , and that s what rancher warner glenn thought he was tracking when he saddled up his mules on a summer day years ago near douglas , arizona .
the house was destroyed .
such a protest by world leaders would be a huge slap in the face for china s communist leadership .
mcalindon says customers love the boxes but usually just ask for a napkin , peel away the paper on the spot and bite into what dertouzo calls their own little package of love and joy .
nevertheless , the big boulder should not pose a risk for some time .
obama congratulated clinton on her win and said his campaign closed what had been a huge margin in her favor . watch obama claim his campaign s own victory
security officials said the blasts were probably caused by mortars belonging to the students going off by mistake .
some abdominal surgeries like bowel operations can require patients to spend a week or more recovering at home .
zimbabwe s inflation rate has leapt to a record high , official data showed on wednesday , raising pressure on president robert mugabe to ease an economic crisis that foes hope will weaken the veteran leader .
pyeongchang led the first round with votes , followed by sochi with and salzburg with .
tempelhof , which opened in , was expanded under the nazis into a huge , horseshoe shaped complex .
patrons at the apple store in palo alto , california , were treated to a very brief appearance by apple ceo steve jobs . he momentarily posed for pictures before leaving .
schools and shops closed across the dominican republic and many roads were impassable .
in the afc , pittsburgh takes on division rival , baltimore .
after taking the reins of arguably the country s most prestigious science technology university , laughlin revealed a set of reformist measures , which faced criticism .
in this instance , merchant said , no news is good news .
it is also mandated to advise on promoting human rights , working toward national reconciliation , developing civil and social services , coordinating development
most of the chinese people are used to the squat toilet , but nowadays more and more people demand sit down toilets , yao said . however , it will take some time for this transition .
if they get by everyone and meet each other , it will be an interesting match .
in february , the national assembly refused to let a filmmaker shoot a scene of an actress in a miniskirt walking through its main gate .
communist china has successfully launched its second manned spacecraft , carrying two chinese astronauts into orbit .
prosecutors are concerned whether this latest incident will influence their investigation over the case by scratching their already touchy relationship with police .
the satellite was part of a space probe to carry out land surveys and other research , xinhua news agency reported .
there are tens of thousands of turkish troops near the border area .
organ music the last official event of the inauguration , a national prayer service , leading back to george washington s time , is being held in washington s national cathedral and getting under way about now .
for the first time in more than years , more americans than not say the country s on the right track .
ap capitol hill correspondent jerry bodlander reports the agreement between president bush and the congressional democrats is a stop gap measure
. scents and sensibility
police recruits , laid off by the city of columbus , whose jobs have now been saved using cash from the president s plan .
our prayers are with him , his family and his wife at this joyful moment in their journey of faith together , murphy o connor said .
words cannot describe the anguish and despair that we are feeling , said madeleine s father , gerry mccann .
further complicating matters is the fact that few aid organizations remain in iraq
general musharraf continues to be chief of army staff , we will not be voting for him . but we will not be resigning .
it was the first time either of them had seen the ocean .
an hour south of the city , this relatively small mountain is a piece of cake to find
some of those issues are addressed in the so called road map to peace established in by the mideast quartet composed of the u . s . , u . n . , russia and european union .
his employees said all communication had been cut off .
but a half dozen new spas have opened this year in landmark hotels and historic places .
about people were wounded by the blast at the building , which houses the police headquarters and mayor s office for the city of sulieman pek , miles kilometers south of kirkuk .
hiv positive travelers challenge countries with no entry policy
president bush , who is set to depart the white house in a little more than two months from now , characterized the summit as very productive but was quick to point out that much work lay ahead .
o meara said lavanda smith had apparently been living with parker for about a year .
some , people in the province of albay were being forced to evacuate , it said .
an army spokesman said the insurgents were trying to scare ethnic chinese who are mainly buddhists and taoists in southern thailand into fleeing the predominantly muslim region .
the first united nations climate conference since the kyoto agreement came into force in february has opened with the us still resisting targets .
the second draft came after some of the participating countries the two koreas , the u . s . , china , russia and japan had expressed dissatisfaction with the content of the first draft , which was circulated also by china on saturday .
at that moment he saw a large wheel spinning just above his head , while the rod fell and pierced the ground immediately beside him .
the former house speaker from georgia said he will decide whether to enter the gop presidential field in october .
analysts say that since pyongyang announced feb . it has nuclear weapons , the presumption is that its next step will be to conduct a test , sooner or later .
we re required to keep bison and cattle separate , national park service spokesman al nash said .
although the enforcement decree of the film industry promotion act required local theaters to show korean films for more than days or percent of the year , the actual quota comes down to days a year when applying various provisions that ease the required korean film showing days .
as an initial step , the professors will hold a forum thursday , to shed light on negative side effects of the so called great canal project .
midday in singapore , light , sweet crude for july delivery was up cents at . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange .
they contacted circle surrogacy , a boston agency that specializes in gay clients .
the antonov , designed and built in the soviet union , first flew in , and is still used by a number of military and civilian operators around the world .
the caretaker , whose name was not released by authorities , was found dead on the front lawn of rhames gated home in an expensive brentwood neighborhood , covered in dog bites , a los angeles police spokesman said .
oscar winning film composer maurice jarre has died at the age of .
sydney , australia cnn an australian man was shot to death after complaining about a neighbor s loud music , news reports and police said monday .
now , yang plans to return to his former role as chief yahoo and will still have a seat on the board , yahoo said . during his short tenure , yahoo !
a massive force of israeli soldiers shut down the town for more than a month in the spring as troops hunted palestinian militants they believed were behind suicide bombings in israeli cities .
fbi agents searched a las vegas , nevada , warehouse owned by illusionist david copperfield , according to an fbi spokesman , adding that the wednesday night raid was related to a case based in seattle .
the measles mumps rubella mmr vaccine , a must for kids , is back in the adult vaccine lineup , too .
but critics expressed concerns that if people rush to apply for e passports next july by the time korea enters the vwp , then there would be a serious delay in issuance .
he underscored the fact that no country can tolerate the presence of the terrorist groups next to our territories attacking civilians .
in korea , which recently lifted its longstanding ban on japanese books , films and music , wartime hatred can t keep the two cultures from drawing closer together .
maintenance crews often take over for a portion of each day .
the top six concerns for both whites and blacks in making their presidential choice this year are exactly the same in the following order the economy , iraq , terrorism , health care , gas prices and iran though blacks place a higher level of importance on all those issues .
the merchants know not to approach military vessels , he told ap , but the fact that the global patriot was a civilian vessel may have led to confusion .
the romans enjoyed cooling down after a hot soak , and spa operators say such rapid cooling of the body has proven health benefits .
it might sound like child s play , but consider that barbie s wardrobe makes mattel one of the world s largest clothing manufacturers .
instead , this artist will remain at home , contemplating his next masterpiece while gnawing on his paintbrushes between mouthfuls of hay .
the leaders now must try to heal a divided nation , as well as restore one of africa s most promising economies .
but the prosecution said that it has no influence on the indictment against the chairman .
no company will live or die because of high price premiums for aids drugs in middle income countries , but patients may , clinton said tuesday .
all the same , from the new year enjoying a cigarette while you sip on your cafe au lait will become a thing of the past .
he also worked with others this year to find a peaceful solution to the problems in iraq , the committee said .
if the match is played at least kilometers from madrid , it will cause major disruption , inconvenience and large additional expense for our fans . uefa have to take their needs into account when making a final decision on the game .
the democratic presidential race is tightening in pennsylvania ahead of its april primary , according to a new cnn analysis of recent polls in the key campaign state .
more than , people were injured and the government says as many as , people had been made homeless .
if you look closer between the legs , there s webbing that attaches each of the arms together , john filmer of the sea life centre told cnn tuesday . you d assume if he d lost one of his legs in an accident , there would be space for an arm to grow back .
hiking up the diamond mountain valley in north korea is a sojourn to a storied natural site that has inspired generations of korean scribes with its beauty .
bad bosses turn away from these realities .
it s absolutely vice versa , gazprom s deputy chief executive alexander medvedev told cnn by phone from berlin , germany . we didn t shut off gas supply to europe . we have lost physical possibility to deliver gas to europe through ukraine because the ukrainians shut down all export pipelines .
it s time again to think about getting your flu shot .
apple and the recording companies declined official comment on their negotiations .
baghdad , iraq cnn the leader of al qaeda in iraq , abu ayyub al masri , was arrested in the northern city of mosul , the iraqi defense ministry spokesman said thursday .
the fighting erupted as al sadr s political organization launched a nationwide civil disobedience movement to protest recent arrests of its members .
singapore s straits times index was off four percent and the bse sensex in mumbai slipped five percent .
myanmar s ruling junta has been strongly criticized for last month s violent crackdown on pro democracy demonstrators .
bhutto , who escaped the blast because she had stepped into her armored bus minutes before the bomb went off , has called for an independent inquiry , questioning why many streetlights were not working as her convoy inched its way through the darkness , and noting the chief investigator is a police officer who had been present as her husband was allegedly tortured while in custody on corruption charges in .
a police official said mokbel had set up a shipping company in glyfada with a business partner .
clemens sat mere feet from his chief accuser as the two men , both under oath , offered lawmakers starkly conflicting accounts about the injections mcnamee administered years ago .
its effect will be more noticeable when the statistics are collected .
officials of hamas , which runs the palestinian government , said they had agreed a truce with fatah , loyal to palestinian leader mahmoud abbas .
texas gov . rick perry declared galveston , jefferson and orange counties disaster areas thursday in the wake of hurricane humberto , a quick forming storm that hit the state with surprising intensity .
a chinese court has sentenced an australian businessman to at least years in prison and ordered his expulsion from china on corruption charges .
customers are really specific , rogers said .
when young men were shown erotic pictures , they were more likely to make a larger financial gamble than if they were shown a picture of something scary , such as a snake , or something neutral , such as a stapler , university researchers reported .
north korea said sunday it will immediately resume work to disable its nuclear plants after the united states removed it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism .
but he stressed that the term extended deterrence is not a military options package nor does it represent a change in the nuclear umbrella commitment by the united states as being interpreted by south korean officials .
she added the monks escaped to safety
vice president dick cheney told nbc s meet the press that before the u . s . led invasion , president bush asked tenet how good the case was against saddam hussein involving weapons of mass destruction .
so many people tried to help , and at great effort and sacrifice , and through the christmas holiday .
no vote was taken on the amendments agreed by representatives of the communities on tuesday night .
as wildmon mobilizes his zealots , is mickey quaking in his oversize shoes ?
the rebuilding started with injecting new heart cells , in this case cells from baby lab rats , and pumping them through the heart .
it covered reported ufo sightings from to , and included hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who described seeing lights or strange objects in the sky .
italy s nicole gius was runner up in . after a second leg of . with slalom world championj sarka zahrobska of the czech republic third in . following two sub second runs .
from the beginning , pope benedict decided he was going to address that . this personal contact for him was something pretty important .
if you hold out long enough and wear down the state department negotiators , eventually you get rewarded , said bolton , who was also involved with north korea earlier as the state department s undersecretary for arms control .
a missouri mother once accused of using the internet to humiliate a year old neighbor is set to be sentenced in federal court in los angeles today .
i think it s a privilege to call yourself a scientologist , and it s something you have to earn , cruise says at the beginning of the video .
the fires are blamed for deaths and charred more than , acres , destroying about , homes .
analysts see the move as an attempt by moqtada sadr to regain control over his increasingly divided militia .
the five were kidnapped in the southeastern province of nimroz , sandwiched between iran and afghanistan s opium center of helmand .
nitrofuran , malachite green , and gentian violet have been shown to cause cancer in laboratory animals .
i speak for every australian in saying . . . we are heart broken by the loss of lives , said prime minister john howard .
he was initially taken to st . john s health center in santa monica .
we are aiming for the youth market . they are really more into it because you can compare it with bacardi mixed drinks , year old harm van elderen told reuters .
in a fury over the death of a teenager killed by police on saturday , angry demonstrations had not abated by late sunday night .
gao zhisheng , a well known lawyer who represented members of the banned falun gong group and villagers who accused local officials of stealing their land , was also detained last month .
mohamed likened saturday s attack by hundreds of justice and equality movement jem rebels on the suburb of omdurman to the attacks on new york and washington on september , .
one of the buildings destroyed in americus was the local headquarters of the american red cross .
at p . m . , tuesday , the meter rocket carrying yi and two russian cosmonauts blasted off from the launching pad at baikonur cosmodrome and roared into the clear blue sky above the central asian plain .
north korea may be on the brink of another famine as a result of last year s devastating floods , the worldwide increase in food prices , and a malnourished population , the united nations warned on thursday .
but this one is small .
the new proposal would restrict military use of the program to self defense , officials say .
south korea on thursday asked the united states to delay its troop reduction on the korean peninsula by more than a year and keep its key combat forces and heavy weaponry systems here .
they are portraying themselves as uniters with messages meant to appeal not only to the party faithful but independent voters as well as members of the opposition party .
our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , los angeles county sheriff s deputy tony moore told cnn s american morning wednesday .
john mccain did not look good during the two weeks of the financial collapse .
a covert cia officer who testified in disguise at padilla s trial said he was given the form in afghanistan , and a fingerprint expert found padilla s prints on the form , prosecutors said .
he unhesitatingly replied yes and soon was making surveillance trips around the airport the chicken farm , as the planners dubbed their target .
a uk lawyer quoted the note in a book published in january but this is the first time it has been seen in full .
this report also says it s pretty easy to find school test scores , since they re posted in states , but that very few states have online death certificates , or records of gas pump overcharges .
the man had worked as a translator with police investigating the disappearance , according to sky news .
there was no official word on injuries , but dozens of rescue vehicles were there .
many people have had to abandon their homes and are now sheltering in primary schools , said geoffrey edong , the world food program s regional chief .
there are more extremes in this morning s economic news and they re all on the down side .
britain s prince william made a surprise visit to afghanistan this week serving as part of the air crew that made the hour trip from england .
he shot year old as teacher david kachadourian in the back in addition to shooting a year old teacher , officials said .
paris hilton has rehired the publicist she dumped over the weekend after being sentenced to days in jail .
digital videodiscs for tvs and pcs are coming .
i ve been really looking forward to this event and have been practicing hard for four months to get ready .
here s ap national security correspondent sagar meghani
east timor , a portuguese colony for years , fought a year independence struggle against indonesia and became an independent state just five years ago .
a course in team building might also instruct you in how to motivate people when there is less opportunity to reward them with bigger titles and salaries .
it s part of being a sociable host .
among those involved in the discussions , according to the times sources , were former white house counsel and later attorney general alberto gonzales and former supreme court nominee harriet miers , who succeeded gonzales as white house counsel .
they re almost always a necessary , and usually belated response to dramatic change .
bergersen admitted handing over the secrets in exchange for gifts including dinners and a trip to las vegas .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility , but the jihadist group has been trying to scare people away from joining the movement which also includes some former insurgents and is attempting to counter its inroads .
sen . barbara boxer , d california , chairwoman of the ethics committee , declined to comment on whether an investigation would be conducted . her office noted the committee s work is generally confidential .
he tells us how to use mt . konocti the once active volcano that looms several thousand feet above the lake as a landmark , and invites us to call his cell phone if we lose our bearings .
australian prime minister kevin rudd on monday said he was disgusted and appalled by the reports of the case , and that sexual violence against women and children should be treated with zero tolerance .
seven people died at the scene , and two a man and a woman died after reaching creighton university medical center .
quoting a ministry spokesman on saturday , north korea s state run korean central news agency said , bush is a hooligan bereft of any personality as a human being .
no one can imagine that chimpanzees young chimpanzees at the age of have a better performance in a memory task than humans , he said in a statement .
sundance film festival kicks off for days on jan .
veterinarian bob george sliced open the dead shark and saw the outline of a fish .
national weather service meteorologist mike mcfarland says seattle s had a half foot of snow .
the party wants independence for french speaking quebec , canada s second most populous province with . million people .
wolfe works mostly in the forests of cameroon tracking these viruses that can jump from animals to humans what are called zoonotic viruses .
madrid , spain cnn portuguese police are investigating an area nine miles from where a young british girl was abducted after a tip off to a newspaper in the netherlands .
they also received individualized advice from a diet expert via weekly e mails and sent back exercise and food intake diaries .
miri eisen , olmert s spokeswoman , said there had been a lowering of expectations for the outcome of the talks . the importance of this meeting is in their sitting down and having dialogue , she said .
turkey has been mired in political turmoil since april when the islamist rooted ak party first nominated gul as their candidate .
reports show japan s economy suffering
still , many analysts believe the economy will keep shrinking at least through the first six months of this year .
the queen planned to stay away to respect the couple s wish for a low key wedding , the palace said .
the fox ratings superpower returns for its seventh season on tuesday , and will doubtless dominate january through may as it did last year and the year before that .
tehran heralded the initial shipment as a victory , saying it proved its nuclear program was peaceful , not a cover for weapons development as claimed by the u . s . and some of its allies .
heavy drinking , however , which is categorised as more than four glasses a day , diminished the health benefits of moderate drinking .
the match had been brought forward to an early evening kickoff because of fears of crowd trouble and league champions inter finally woke up when hernan crespo took advantage of a defensive error to round goalkeeper doni to make it .
cnn two years ago , stephanie kaster of manhattan set out to plan the birthday party of a lifetime for her daughter .
a sea battle between tamil tigers and sri lankan government forces has left at least people dead , the navy says .
the hair shaft encases the dna like a biological plastic , making the genetic information less prone to environmental damage .
we are concerned that she might one day cause us trouble . . . and try to stake her claim for a share of our assets , he said .
crude oil prices surged tuesday settling at a new record high above a barrel as the u . s . dollar weakened further against the euro .
in , the festival expanded abroad , screening films at cannes , macau and venice .
whoever replaces o neal faces a daunting task so much so that the most widely tipped candidate , blackrock ceo laurence fink , turned down an initial offer but has since engaged the board in active discussions , according to a person with direct knowledge of the offer who was not authorized to speak publicly .
australian police have been granted an extra hours to continue detaining an indian doctor in connection with the suspected uk car bomb attacks .
the plane carried passengers including german tourists , two australians and two nepalis , as well as three crew members .
au lait and a piece of satisfyingly crusty baguette we like to head to montmartre to the coquelicot boulangerie on rue des abbesses , complete with coffee served in a bowl and homemade jams then brace yourself for a foray into the back streets .
utah wildfire kills
we want to set off a shockwave of confidence , a shockwave of growth , a buoyant prime minister francois fillon said sunday night .
the north warned on it tuesday could walk out of talks on its nuclear plans unless the sanctions were lifted .
on the down side , heavy equipment maker caterpillar is offering buyouts to , workers in the us , and wireless provider sprint nextel is cutting , jobs .
ethiopia , which sent soldiers to somalia late last year to wipe out islamic militants , is not part of the peacekeeping force and hoping to withdraw .
the president went to school this morning , a day after publicly teasing local officials for shutting down classrooms because of wintry weather .
not only are the number of new sources of fresh water falling , due largely to of the world s sewage being dumped directly into rivers , but tapping them can cost between two and three times more than existing water supplies .
about . million koreans are web addicts , according to a survey conducted by the korea agency for digital opportunity and promotion .
as the results roll in from michigan soon after the last polls close at p . m .
artists and other creative types are having their way with hotel rooms and they re thinking way outside the box .
dubbed the beijing linked hybrid , this architectural maverick has certainly pushed the design envelope to its very limit .
describing the plan as being in the interests of the british taxpayer , darling said legislation would be put before parliament monday to move the bank into state hands .
do not create such misconception that we are backtracking , we are following a multi pronged strategy military , political , socio economic .
it s a tale of homeland security concerns blocking wildlife management , and the hue and cry that ensues .
laws and government policies always pass with overwhelming majorities .
she was performing almost until the end , taping a pbs special six weeks ago in chicago , illinois .
stickk . com , founded by yale university economics professor dean karlan and two colleagues , helps people fulfill their goals by allowing them to risk their own money
campaign trail to stump for obama .
still , a few travel agencies , many run by former backpackers , will arrange trips there .
u . n . weapons inspectors found no sign of banned weapons before the invasion , and the cia later concluded that iraq had dismantled its weapons programs in the s .
saudi prince and billionaire al waleed bin talal says he will build the world s tallest building , planned to be over a kilometer , feet high .
a train carrying yellow phosphorus derailed in western ukraine , releasing a cloud of toxic gas into the air over villages .
go to the national key deer refuge in the early morning or at dusk for the best viewing you may spot a newborn during the april to may fawning season .
the huge hog that became known as monster pig after being hunted and killed by an year old boy had another name fred .
he ordered the children in the church to leave without their parents , mccracken said . the kids were all accounted for and were not harmed , he said .
he called the book s success a nice glass of champagne at the end of a life .
shin was also found to have had close ties with byeon yang kyoon who was president roh moo hyun s chief secretary on national policy before he stepped down last week
according to the poll of , people conducted by the hankook ilbo in collaboration with media research , sohn , who quit the gnp last month , topped the list with . percent support , followed by chung dong young , a former chairman of the uri party with . percent .
thousands more patients would benefit if more donor hearts were available .
detainees started an on off hunger strike last august to protest at their continued detention and conditions .
the national weather service confirmed a tornado in hugo , just north of minneapolis , and authorities also reported twisters in nearby coon rapids and blain .
the average price of a gallon of gas is higher than at any time since the early s . the middle east seems more volatile than ever .
he added that if the u . s . continues to hold up the process until beyond next month , kt will not be able to complete the phone link to kaesong this year .
he s kerpowed the joker and put the penguin on ice , but batman faces a new adversary
the two candidates are due to face off in a tv debate in texas on thursday .
george w . bush said the troops will be brought back to the u . s . duty stations in europe and asia . bush told the veterans of foreign wars convention in cincinnati that the redeployment would create a quicker response system against terrorist threats .
the party of geeorge w . bush said in the platform that japan is a key partner of the united states and the u . s .
as polls closed on tuesday , it was too early to tell exactly how big the margin of victory was .
right after that , looked behind us to go see what was going on , and saw the stampede comin towards us , turned around and bop .
drivers were warned to exercise caution and patience coming into the downtown area , which still bore the wounds of the friday twister .
sources familiar with the experiment said the same attack scenario could be used against huge generators that produce the country s electric power .
he s talking to a house committee and sees all this costing a lot more people their jobs
that s the fewest in months .
from her pound iron lung , she got a high school diploma , took college courses and wrote a children s book about a wishing star named blinky .
his administration has been embroiled in controversy since reaching an agreement with washington in april to allow american beef back into the country after a five year ban imposed amid concerns of mad cow disease .
three others survived and one identified him , he said .
that means the race is likely to be settled by superdelegates party leaders and officials who will cast votes at the democratic convention in august .
the boy wizard still has a magic touch at the box office .
the prime minister added that he wanted a good relationship with russia .
in today s faded image the blanket is all but obscured , but the highly detailed camera detected the faded pigment .
you re seeing a continuation of the recent momentum , said chris johnson , ceo of johnson research group .
the lawyer for one of the suspects , former dentist michael mastromarino , said his client denied the charges .
and he said princess diana
the treasury department said future bank b . s . c . is controlled by iran s bank melli , which has already been sanctioned for facilitating iran s proliferation activities .
maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf , head of the interior ministry s national command center , confirmed the casualty figures in the amara bombing .
ronaldinho was sent on to try and turn the game around and , after he appeared lucky to get a free kick meters out , bent a shot into the top corner with seven minutes remaining .
he left for the war years ago and my family has no memento of him , no remains , not even a hair . he exists only at yasukuni .
prosecutors have asked both the family and grand national party gnp candidate lee to submit their original copies of related documents to check their authenticity .
former president bill clinton announced agreements with drug companies tuesday to lower the price of second line aids drugs for people in the developing world and to make a once a day aids pill available for less than a day .
the senator made the decision to give up after the military peppered the inside of the hotel with tear gas .
on april , north korea said it was reprocessing thousands of spent nuclear fuel rods at its main nuclear complex in yongbyon .
with turkey threatening to launch cross border raids against the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , bush pointed to the weekend release of eight turkish soldiers captured by the rebels as evidence that a crackdown is under way .
pitt is a producer on the movie , which had its world premiere at the cannes film festival on monday .
in a statement announcing the decision , the bank said a number of mistakes were made by a number of individuals in the matter .
britain s air forces have already come under criticism for allowing william , , to fly a chinook to attend a bachelor party , accompanied by his brother , prince harry .
a friend says year old mark felt had been suffering from congestive heart failure .
with minutes to play real coach bernd schuster made a double change bringing dutchman royston drenthe and brazilian julio baptista on for robben and mahamadou diarra .
sen . dick durbin , d illinois , a vocal critic of the war in iraq , has accused the white house of twisting data to suit its needs . watch why the pentagon says there s no such thing as the petraeus report raquo
the agency , known as ibama , has been called out to capture snakes this year in belem , brazil , a sprawling metropolis of . million people at the mouth of the amazon river , ibama press officer luciana almeida said by telephone .
at least this has served one purpose , which is to show that you get angry very quickly , you go off the rails very easily , madame . a president is someone who has very serious responsibilities , sarkozy said .
also supporting oil prices were opec s decision to hold its output steady and an escalating crisis involving three oil producing south american nations .
laid off auto workers flooded the unemployment lines last week , boosting the number of new jobless claims nationwide to , .
for the week , the dow ended down points , the biggest weekly point loss in seven years and the third biggest weekly loss on a point basis ever .
the year old zuma , who still faces the possibility of being charged himself , was also cleared of rape after a controversial trial .
the man was not arrested and the statues were not damaged , she said .
northrop grumman spokesman tom henson said the weightless flights of discovery program is aimed at middle school teachers .
the hardware issue has marred a string of successes for the xbox , which has built an early lead over the playstation with microsoft s strong lineup of games and popular online service .
the country has already reached world class levels in certain areas .
he advises against making decisions in anger or humiliating an enemy after defeating him .
nevertheless , he said his plans would move forward , and he asked the teachers to cooperate .
fourteen insurgents were killed wednesday in northern iraq while trying to rig a truck with explosives , police in tikrit said . the explosives detonated in shirqat , a sunni town in salaheddin province .
this socialist government has no problem in talking to the dissidents , responded moratinos . i would ask you , who has seen more of the dissidents ?
but moms who aren t poor complain that state agencies focus on welfare cases .
the foreign minister was reportedly not on the plane , the ap reported .
that deal , which also included an annual supply of half a million tons of heavy fuel oil until the reactors were built , was scrapped in when north korea admitted it had restarted its atomic program .
this is not a night club , one catcaller said .
mary powell of salinas , kansas , who took her post at a . m . to be sure to get near the front of the line , took periodic breaks to visit graceland s air conditioned visitor center and souvenir shops .
for someone like me whose muscles don t work very well , it will be bliss to be weightless , hawking told the associated press in an interview tuesday .
the petition said the center s effective functioning is at stake as the atlantic hurricane season heads toward its peak .
there would have been more casualties had the villagers not chased them away , said dipu mark , a local conservationist .
.
happy endings is billed as a witty look at relationships in an american family and is indicative of what festival director geoffrey gilmore said were many movies for sundance that look at ever shifting american values .
european union nations monday were also starting to individually recognize kosovo as the world s newest nation but had not agreed collectively on the way forward .
party in the street , watch the samba parade from the stands or dance in the parade itself .
the british company said its production loss would be , barrels per day
to set the instrument to a particular tuning , the user pulls a knob , turns it to the desired style , indicated with a blue light , and then pushes the knob back in .
those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying .
although he belongs to a group called korea party for political reform , he is a key ally of president roh moo hyun , who won election last december with promises to engage communist north korea and reform domestic politics . using the internet , yoo campaigned for roh .
they say they have come to hold direct talks with the taliban , he said .
if either of two main opposition parties win a two thirds majority in parliament , they could take steps to impeach musharraf . that also could happen if the opposition parties together capture two thirds of the seats in parliament and then form a coalition .
this is your final warning .
some of the victims lost their lives when their homes collapsed under the pressure of the snow .
abby wambach gave the u . s . a lead in the th minute with a long range shot that goalkeeper jon myong hui got her gloves to but was only able to deflect into the net .
sen . hillary clinton is facing renewed pressure to drop out of the race following tuesday s double digit loss to sen . barack obama in north carolina and a narrow win in indiana .
south korean films have had limited private screenings in the north , but this is the first time one has been released to the public there , lee and a north korean cultural expert with south korea s unification ministry said .
clear across the country to maine , where there s a blizzard warning today
yousuf ahmadi told afp news agency that if the afghan government did not meet its demands for the release of imprisoned militants by pm korean time monday , the taliban will kill some korean hostages .
meanwhile romney , speaking to cnn s america morning from charleston , west virginia , said that a victory for him in california and other key states would indicate the conservative voices in our party are standing up .
the opposition communist party received . percent of the vote , and two other parties , liberal democratic party and the pro putin fair russian party , received . and . percent of the vote .
protested the u . s . rejection of the kyoto protocol .
economists surveyed by briefing . com forecast that new home sales rebounded slightly from the slowest pace in six years in february , rising to an annual rate of , from , in the february report .
agriculture ministry officials have denied an infectious disease caused the deaths and blamed them on animal feed supplied by food storage authorities .
vida is disappointed but he gave the referee no option .
environmental groups are calling for tougher standards to keep carcinogens out of drinking water .
other applicants will be able to get them from the following july , according to the ministry .
abu dhabi , united arab emirates cnn six people were killed , at least were injured and dozens of vehicles burned tuesday when hundreds of cars collided on a fog shrouded persian gulf highway .
taliban insurgents will kill the korean hostages if the operation is made , al jazeera reported .
yushchenko accuses the prime minister of violating an agreement they signed last year setting out policy on domestic and foreign policies .
the hostages were released into the care of officials of the international committee of the red cross at three separate locations in central afghanistan close to the city of ghazni , according to the associated press .
new reports of new swine flu popping up around the world
the venezuelan government will send to bogota , immediately , diplomatic personnel charged with representing the republic before the government of colombia , the venezuelan government said in a statement posted online sunday . in the same manner , the venezuelan government has communicated to the colombia authorities their disposition to receive in caracas , in a short time , the diplomatic personnel of the sister republic .
official results from the election that drew a huge turnout were expected later on sunday evening .
we ve got to pay closer attention to the problem including what s happening in our own homes and neighborhoods with kids who we think we re taking good care of .
president bush ordered nearly , additional troops to iraq in january as part of a campaign to pacify baghdad and its surrounding provinces .
to find an alien , players point their phones at , say , a eleven outlet .
it s not that i m disrespecting you .
the official said he strongly doubts a connection will be found between the information garnered from that incident and the times square bombing .
so , i think japan was on its last legs , and there s clear evidence that they were prepared to surrender so long . . . above all , not unconditionally , but on the condition that the emperor of japan , a figure who played the role of a god in their culture be given some assurance that he would not be deposed .
u . s . attorney patrick fitzgerald said he was pleased with the outcome .
london , england cnn a london court monday found five men guilty of britain s biggest ever cash robbery .
the children s commissioner for england , who oversees children s rights , has called for a ban on the ultra sonic gadget , known as the mosquito , which disperses young people by emitting sharp , piercing sounds .
watts has cooperated with investigators , said police chief jack lewis .
convicted of tax evasion and treason , sharif was released in in exchange for agreeing to years of exile .
more than , people have been displaced in the turmoil , according to the kenyan red cross .
political observers doubt he will be turned away this time .
the attacker then blew himself up .
news from citigroup that it actually made an operating profit during the first two months of the year is creating a bit of a rebound on wall street .
washington cnn the national transportation safety board said thursday that it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a boeing while it was in flight last week .
david laibson knows that when he procrastinates , mere deadlines are not always enough to get him going .
the associated press reported in july that the state department was trying to recover from large scale network break ins affecting operations worldwide .
and the breakout attention received by republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin it seems like the show s influence is greater than it s been in years .
pancreatic cancer is one of the most deadly forms of the disease , though doctors said the surgery offered improved hopes for survival .
in a letter to the city two years ago , schwarzenegger said the ring had lost its meaning and value to me .
many believe the attacks were a backlash against legislation approved by lawmakers two weeks ago banning the public display of soviet and communist symbols .
while moves by central banks raised concerns that the liquidity problem was far more serious than previously anticipated , they helped calm tensions and shift investor focus back to strong corporate and economic fundamentals .
nationalities of the survivors include british , american , swedish , iranian , austrian , australian , thai , german , irish , italian , israeli and dutch , authorities said . watch a survivor recall the fiery horror raquo
but the instruction ought to view affirmative action as something more than a downside risk .
it was a measure of his personal modesty , and of his commitment to his colleagues .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld says he was .
the shooting was the latest in a spate of murders of young people across britain this year that have focused attention on gang related violence .
it was the latest of several public demonstrations in china , and it came just weeks before china hosts the summer olympic games in beijing .
the dna collected from the hair is much cleaner and much less damaged than that from other parts of the mammoths , he said , so it is more economic to sequence it .
after a hour search , the coast guard tentatively concluded that the ship had sunk , and widened its search for the rest of the crew koreans and two burmese .
viewers were left to ponder just what it was he got .
economist david wiese saying the jobless rate has been higher , but never before have so many americans needed unemployment benefits on an ongoing basis .
the countries relations further soured after the north s nuclear test .
dmitry medvedev said on russian state television that he has asked putin to head the government if he wins elections scheduled for march next year . the announcement comes only a day after putin s united russia party formally nominated medvedev to be the party s candidate for the presidential elections . russian law bars putin from seeking a third term as president .
innsbruck , austria cnn guus hiddink is used to being the underdogs at major tournaments and is trying hard to make sure his russia side are not seen as favorites for their opening european championship match against spain .
the hostage issue will also be on the agenda .
conference of mayors , offers a startling profile of many people who are homeless .
the state department also lists burma , cuba , equatorial guinea , iran , north korea , sudan , syria , uzbekistan and venezuela as tier countries , defined as those whose governments do not fully comply with the minimum standards set by american law and are not making significant efforts to do so .
but crystal is probably one of the few who have gone so far as to post a plea for help on youtube .
the furnishing dealer said the name stands for new arrival zone for india and was not meant to be anti semitic .
there are dead and severely wounded , u . n . mission spokesman kemal saiki said .
several of them specifically mentioned the truman show .
louis blues fans when she dropped the ceremonial first puck at last night s game .
washington cnn a chunk of antarctic ice about seven times the size of manhattan suddenly collapsed , putting an even greater portion of glacial ice at risk , scientists said tuesday .
it was the th stage win of the year old mcewen s tour de france career and all the more remarkable because he was hampered by a right wrist injury .
poor dental health is so prevalent that the number of lives saved by eliminating gum disease worldwide would definitely be in the hundreds of thousands , said dr . steven offenbacher , a university of north carolina research professor .
the zhijian mine , which was founded in during the great leap forward , has a designed annual production capacity of , tonnes , but actually produces , tonnes every year , xinhua said
obama nominates richardson for cabinet
obama to roll out national security team monday
in japan , the benchmark nikkei index closed on , . points , a slide of . percent and its biggest dip in two years .
longoria then changed into a short white dress for the ceremony , said bertinotti whose office acted as the dressing room .
stanton florea of the u . s . forest service says the wildfire is burning an angeles national forest about miles north of downtown los angeles .
the demonstrators used ropes to pull down police buses that had been parked around the presidential office to block the marchers from entering .
it is where hu xiaoping , a husband and father and a farmer , died an agonizing death at age one year after being diagnosed with colon cancer .
behind the mask is a sensor that touches the user s forehead and reads the brain s electrical signals , then sends them to a wireless receiver inside the saber , which lights up when the user is concentrating .
he calls this his pledge , meant to evoke a soaring jumbo jet .
her conservative party went on to win the election by a landslide , and she remained in power until , transforming british society with her free market policies .
a five story apartment building collapsed in istanbul early wednesday , killing at least two people and injuring others , authorities said .
the doping violation stemmed from an out of competition test on july , swimming s governing body announced .
a suicide car bombing has killed people , wounded others , in northern iraq
hanoi , vietnam cnn typhoon lekima slammed into vietnam s central coast wednesday night , killing two people , destroying hundreds of houses and unleashing floods in one of the country s poorest regions .
and a prince is much more able to speak his mind than a king or queen because of constitutional restraints placed on the person heading the house of windsor .
the german national and four afghans we had reported to have killed are still alive , yousuf , told reuters from an unknown location by telephone .
this , on news of an unexpected rise in new unemployment claims at a drop in factory orders .
communication was cut between many small towns and the capital .
ingram and other members of the house fought to make the crime a felony , but later gave in to senators who thought that classifying it as a felony was too harsh .
authorities are investigating the cause of the fire , which started around p . m . sunday and burned for hours .
a carnival worker who hit a telephone pole with his suv blamed the crash on two friends having sex in the back seat .
an outright majority was needed to avoid a runoff , which would be held next month .
yoo was a student leader during the country s authoritarian rule and hosted a popular tv talk show .
the firm , unity resources group , has offices in dubai .
wie said she was more committed than ever to reaching the very top .
israel s been put on a war footing , an indication of a lengthy operation .
opinion polls give him a good chance of winning his third term in years .
christopher hill the chief u . s . negotiator at international talks on north korea s nuclear programs said they were looking at a three week timeframe for shutting down the yongbyon reactor , when asked by reporters on his arrival at tokyo s haneda airport .
the felines were on their way to the booming southern province of guangdong , where some residents pride themselves as gourmets who will eat anything that flies , crawls or swims .
a year old female mechanical engineer was named monday to fill in as the first south korean in space , after russia s space authorities dismissed seoul s original choice on security rule violations ahead of next month s mission .
there were indications , though , that the hotel relaxed the security before the attack .
north korea will receive , tons of heavy fuel oil in return for the shutdown under the feb . agreement , and the first shipment of the oil will arrive in north korea on saturday .
the administration is taking questions now for a streaming video town hall at whitehouse . gov .
he told un secretary general ban ki moon that he felt african efforts to obtain the release of results had made no progress , a un statement says .
the internet fundraising is a much needed boost to her debt laden campaign in pennsylvania , obama outspent her three to one .
the experiment uncovered some of the key cellular players in bird evolution , and may even lead to better understanding of what causes facial birth defects such as cleft palate .
he also does republican john mccain and democrat al gore , along with a host of sports figures john madden , charles barkley and entertainers jack nicholson , james gandolfini , sean connery , al pacino and robert de niro .
federal reserve s pump priming , both the korean stock market and the ailing local currency moved higher in yesterday s trading .
they have already sent the agreement to the court .
maj . gen . waheed arshad said the first phase , which focused on clearing the area of militants and ensuring innocent women and children were not inside , was finished and the second phase , the combing operation , was about to end .
sleep two hours , wake up and cry .
the korea times reports geoncheonggung residence , the blood tainted spot in gyeongbok palace where japanese assassins murdered the last empress of the joseon kingdom , has finally opened , thursday , for the first time in years .
hill said the talks would resume at a . m . tuesday p . m . monday et .
officials said harry had begun the selection process and would find out next month whether he had been accepted for training .
they follow in the footsteps of arsenal who a week earlier won in the san siro to eliminate inter s groundsharing rivals ac milan .
this is the third time lawmakers have convened in a constitutional convention to take up the fiery issue .
the absence of adequate sanitation has a serious impact on health and social development , especially for children .
we see ourselves as partners with our module manufacturing customers around the world . we think it is more economical to ship solar cells rather than ship modules .
the korea herald reports the bush administration , rejecting demands from korea , told lawmakers on thursday , it won t agree to changes in u . s . antidumping or subsidy rules as part of a pending trade agreement with korea .
gere has been vilified in china for criticizing beijing s human rights records and policies toward tibet , which chinese communist troops occupied in .
britain s biggest mortgage lender halifax bank of scotland saw shares dive nearly percent at one point before recovering as the bank robustly denied rumors of liquidity problems that revived fears over the impact of the global credit crunch .
first the england international shrugged off sota nakazawa to finish , then he collected giggs pass to slot home .
the rally a show of strength ahead of general elections on july follows similar demonstrations in ankara and istanbul last month .
citizens of many other countries , too , may think their national way of life is the best but , these authors say , they don t dominate the globe .
health experts were on monday examining the home and workshop of a london drum maker who died after inhaling anthrax spores while handling imported animal skins .
france has renewed its plea to colombian rebels to free more hostages , particularly politician ingrid betancourt , after the release this week of four captives .
the flame s round the world tour was dogged by protests in london , paris and other cities where demonstrators voiced their disapproval at beijing s clampdown on a broad uprising among tibetans against chinese rule .
the group is one of several fighting against indian rule in the disputed himalayan territory of kashmir .
mcdonald s was for years dogged by environmentalists who spread a false but devilishly persistent rumor that big macs contained beef from cows raised on land cleared from latin american rain forests .
i think we ll see a sort of gentlemen s agreement emerge whereby the ak party won t interfere in the secular nature of public life and the army won t intervene in everything at the political level , said dogu ergil of ankara university .
international troops often take militants prisoner and later hand them over to the afghan government , but some countries governments will not let them do so if afghanistan is known to use capital punishment .
thaksin was taken straight to court to face charges of abuse of power during his time in office charges he insists are politically motivated .
the train continued its run to the border after the two damaged coaches were pushed off to a siding .
he had been suffering at home for five days .
for men , only those who were heavy drinkers had a smaller brain volume than those who consumed little or no alcohol .
he s getting normal ice treatment and a lot of massage to try and get the swelling down . his ankle is still a little bit tight , although it has improved over the last week .
meeting gadiesh , you first notice her skirt
the days of fighting between the army and fatah islam have killed over people , the worst internal violence since the end of the civil war .
the korea times is reporting former seoul mayor lee myung bak has the highest chance of winning the presidential nomination by the main opposition grand national party gnp even under the current party rule .
the contract eased back to us . a barrel by midmorning in singapore , up cents from friday s close of us . .
the governing and opposition parties tuesday were all out to criticize beijing s attempt to distort the past history between korea and china .
shops opened on monday for the first time since the disaster , and fishermen are selling their catch in the town s market .
several children wandered aimlessly . oh , my god , who do these little children belong to ?
claiming the impeachment was a coup d etat by parliament , civic groups insist they will hold candlelight rallies every evening in kwanghwamun , downtown seoul , until the constitutional court annuls the impeachment .
about workers were believed to be inside the meter , foot pedro galleguillos tunnel at the time of the quake .
on appeal , this was reduced to years in jail .
i must stress this does not require a fresh start for the inquests , butler sloss said in a statement .
we have our mercenary reasons , of course , you know .
the worst seats are on the back row , as often they don t recline .
in news of another islamic dictatorship the bbc is reporting two high ranking officials from the european union and the united nations one british , the other irish have been ordered to leave afghanistan .
columbia s commander , rick husband , calmly responds
series mvp cole hamels was a star in game
most of the larger samba groups allow tourists to join their contingents as long as they wear the costumes , known as fantasias .
nearly a decade in the making , the generational shift to a cadre of carefully groomed party men could become the first orderly transfer of power in china s communist history .
and then , you know , we ll do that .
jerry hadley , the world class tenor known for his agile and lyric voice , died wednesday , a week after he shot himself in an apparent suicide attempt .
china regards taiwan as a renegade province that should be reunified .
rice is trying to pave the way for a us peace conference next month .
william park , who is , is suspected of leaking an illegally bugged conversation that took place in between a samsung executive and hong seok hyun , korea s ambassador to washington , discussing plans to provide illegal campaign funds to presidential candidates .
this is hilary fox with ap showbiz minute .
the korea herald reports that riding a diehard boom in travel and study abroad , koreans overseas spending on these activities swelled percent during the first seven months this year despite the prolonged depression for domestic consumption .
lee s presidential campaign camp had denied the suspicion , claiming that it is a conspiracy to take him down but they soon admitted the wrongdoing .
the u . s . seeks to round off its preparations for a nuclear war against the dprk at its final phase and mount a pre emptive nuclear attack on it any time , it added .
what the federal government is going to do , it will be up to them .
teen starlet hilary duff claims she s never had a problem with her weight , but feels pressure to be thin .
public anger grows over the government about kim s kidnapping .
activity occurred in the region of the brain that controls decision making and complex reasoning , according to small s study , which appears in the american journal of geriatric psychiatry .
it s not a situation where a breakthrough is in sight , chun said .
president felipe calderon flew to the area wednesday and offered all help humanly possible to the more than , people of the state whose homes were flooded , damaged or cut off .
while abbas cited israeli military operations and settlement expansions as the major deterrents to peace , cheney homed in on the rockets that have been hurtling into israel from hamas controlled gaza .
the date was announced a day after sharif a leading member of the new coalition wrapped up talks with coalition partner pakistan people s party leader asif zardari in dubai on how to restore the judges .
are the products of the evangelical christian organization teen mania .
despite denials from the government , three farmers told cnn on wednesday that zimbabwean farmers and their paid workers are continually being targeted in retaliation for not voting for mugabe .
add these to the days gained by not working saturdays , and south korea would race to the head of the global vacation class , trumping even the cafe lounging french .
carli had a gps device , a satellite phone , a buoyant chair and is an experienced skydiver , gallas said .
the move dealt a blow to the bush administration s attempts to try guantanamo detainees in military court .
but i think he sees it as a favor to fans to keep everything on the down low because he s a very enthusiastic moviegoer , and he wants to be surprised and he wants things to be kept from him until the last minute , cho said of the director , who also created the tv series lost .
during the interview , it was impossible not to look at our surroundings .
including the ability to walk
but thymus activity reduces after puberty .
china has solicited criticism of chen s referendum from foreign governments and organizations , including the united states , taiwan s key provider of military and political support .
he said it appeared to be just a straight accident where the aircraft ran off the runway .
hundreds of north koreans leave the country every year to escape poverty and political repression , usually through china .
sirius is now running xm programming and the other way around .
two employees were able to get out safely , but the fire , which began monday night , quickly spread through the sofa super store , causing part of the building to collapse .
it simply made hooking computers to keyboards , printers and joysticks easier .
i feel like a woman ! and you re still the one , recently opened a hiking trail on their property in new zealand .
when times are bad , or where there is a nationwide strike or disaster , everyone becomes interested in the economy .
summer infant , the monitor s manufacturer , is investigating what could be causing the transmission , communications director cindy barlow said .
asif ali zardari , head of the pakistan people s party , and nawaz sharif , head of the pakistan muslim league n , spoke sunday at a news conference outside islamabad shortly after signing an agreement to make their parties coalition official .
they said it was more than , pounds and feet long
however , to annex the territory and its people would , israeli leaders say , undermine the jewish nature of israel , which has a population now of million .
former finnish president martti ahtisaari has won the nobel peace prize , the norwegian nobel committee announced friday .
the government began mass slaughtering poultry on six farms in the southwestern part of the country yesterday .
there are delegates at stake in indiana .
people want to look their best , have a good time , but it doesn t mean they re not concerned about the rest of the world .
china s population , which now stands at about . billion , is growing at the rate of . percent and is expected to peak around . billion by , according to the u . s . state department .
the magnitude . earthquake rocked southwestern china on monday afternoon , shattering communities , leveling dozens of schools and burying transportation routes with landslides .
, saying this usually depended on how complicated the issues are and the level of cooperation that we receive from the company under investigation .
they survived the violent introduction of islam in the th century , although islamic leaders ordered that their golden gilded faces and hands be sliced off .
in another , he said sen . hillary clinton had an advantage over obama because she is white .
if nato does not prevail in afghanistan , it is difficult to imagine the alliance undertaking another hard security operation . . . its credibility would suffer a grievous blow , mccain said at the conference .
satellites can measure that temperature .
more layoffs to report this morning , rita .
disgraced former philippine president joseph estrada has been granted an official pardon by his successor , a government spokesman has confirmed .
washington post culture critic henry allen was not amused , complaining that the portrait of the monarch sitting in the white drawing room at buckingham palace had all the personality of a marble bust of george washington .
madonna will have to wait until friday to learn whether she will be allowed to adopt a second child from malawi .
the gators grabbed the lead on jonathan philips yard field goal with left in the fourth quarter .
the mission is part of a deal with the russian federal space agency fsa .
most of the deaths in the explosions there occurred in the western district of rabiaa , where the kurdish peshmerga militia fighters were killed , the u . s . command in northern iraq reported . another five peshmerga troops were wounded in that attack , the u . s . military said .
the sao paulo fire department said at least people , including some on the ground , were dead at the scene .
it s unclear how soon new episodes of scripted programs will start appearing , because production won t begin until scripts are completed , the ap reported .
catch a ride on the nostalgia train
jones , , told the court that her then coach , trevor graham , first gave her steroids in , telling her it was flaxseed oil .
christopher hill , u . s . assistant secretary of state , said he was looking forward to hearing the results of the inter korean meeting and hoped it would yield progress on the nuclear issue .
paris hilton was let out of jail thursday morning , days after she began serving what was to have been a day sentence for violating probation , a spokesman for the los angeles county sheriff s department said .
the asahi shimbun , a japanese daily , reported the details of the doctrine called operational plan . the daily reported that in the united states and japan reached an agreement on the plan .
saudi sources told cnn that the king s pardon was not related to the beginning of the hajj nor the eid al adha festival that follows , which is normally when the saudi monarch issues amnesty for prisoners .
random fame has been a really good foot in the door , he said .
. showing up late
qantas has fired a flight attendant who gave a detailed account to a newspaper of a midair tryst with actor ralph fiennes in an airliner toilet cubicle .
speaking to cnn outside the karl marx theater , the bilingual puerto rican actor admitted some anxiety .
memos about the change went out in february , and it took effect last week .
it s completely transparent and invisible , said jim peluso of richmond , virginia , one of a handful of old north visitors on a chilly winter friday .
cooper watched obama s speech from her home .
the iraqi government has no authority over private security firms contracted by the u . s . government , according to a july report from the congressional research service .
the prisoners are free today , said chaudhry s lawyer aitzaz ahsan , the associated press reported .
the officers breath tested the year old man , who registered a blood alcohol reading of . more than six times the legal driving limit and charged him with operating a vehicle while drunk .
a report issued by an italian judge last week suggested that the british student may have been sexually assaulted at knifepoint before she was killed in her bed .
foreign workers welcomed the ruing as paving the way for the better protection of labor rights of more than , migrant workers , some of whom face rampant abuse and unfair treatment at their workplace .
in short order he has the buzz cut , the doc martens , the red braces and the ben sherman shirt . his mum is appalled but woody and the rest aren t thugs and the uniform doesn t mean he s going to war .
saddam hussein and seven co defendants are on trial over the killing of more than shiite men in iraq in .
gibbs said obama also supported legislation that illinois lawmakers will consider next week to authorize a special election to choose his successor .
it is rare for scientists to catch a natural event in action on the surface of mars .
the infighting has left the palestinians with two governments abbas new government in the west bank , and the hamas rulers in gaza .
the official government controlled xinhua news agency said more than , people carrying banners had gathered in front of a carrefour store in the city of xian , and there were also protests in harbin and jinan .
several of the songs are about her relationship with her now ex boyfriend , good charlotte singer joel madden , but she denies that she slammed his new newest flame , nicole richie , in her tune gypsy woman .
it has dynastic charm without the tourist crush and is a wonderful place to while away the afternoon .
the curious case of benjamin button kathleen kennedy , frank marshall , and cean chaffin , producers .
officials have said that about , square miles of land there is under water .
other dignitaries quickly scrambled to safety .
the results came on the back of a percent rise in fourth quarter net profit of . billion , up from . billion .
at least two palestinian fighters were also killed in fighting during the assault .
she said she has had offers .
the five top selling bioengineered drugs in japan are licensed from u . s . companies .
al turki said al farhan would be released in the near future , but no date has been set .
the year old russian glamour girl opened her shoulders to blast past overmatched australian casey dellaqua , in just minutes .
it closed all border crossings between israel and the palestinian territory on friday after days of rocket attacks on southern israel .
kim said the prosecutor in question , baek yong ha , and other prosecutors in the chain of command at the seoul eastern district prosecutors office will be questioned .
and what s the point in boycotting a product you never use anyway ?
new york cnn christina aguilera says she s expecting a baby , finally confirming what has become obvious over the past few months .
the two men identified as hasnain gul and rafaqat were part of a five man team behind the former prime minister s assassination , including the suicide bomber , a senior police investigator told cnn .
from the trunk , organizers pulled out some of the objects buried to celebrate oklahoma s years of statehood a gallon can of leaded gasoline , which went for cents a gallon in those days , and rusted cans of schlitz beer .
seoul , south korea ap an upscale neighborhood a block from the presidential residence in seoul has a new cultural icon
the two leaders began their meeting at at the paekhwawon guest house where roh is staying .
the stories prompted one citizen reporter to call for protests .
the international atomic energy agency said monday it has verified that iran s declared nuclear material has not been diverted from peaceful uses , though inspectors have been unable to reach conclusions about some important aspects of iran s nuclear work .
the machines are slated for public debut today at a technology conference in carlsbad , california .
japan s nikkei index closed down almost , markets in europe have been following the lead .
mercury , up close and personal
all the passengers waiting for planes ran to help douse the flames , but the passengers were already dead .
rice was president bush s national security adviser at the time .
pelosi was met at the riyadh airport by officials including abdul rahman al zamel , the head of the saudi american friendship committee at the shura council .
he has , pledged delegates and superdelegates to clinton s , .
kim told reporters at a press conference at incheon international airport that he was not a spy . he also said he did not intend to damage u . s . security and the information was not about the nation s security or defense .
mccain also spoke about canceling the development of nuclear bunker busting bombs and working with russia and china to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons .
also on saturday , correa told reporters in quito that uribe told him the raid occurred after a farc column fled across the border and fired at colombian forces , who had to defend themselves .
when officers gained entry into the apartment , they were immediately fired upon by the suspect with an assault weapon .
conversely , giuliani leads among women , voters in the northeast and midwest , voters under and self described gop moderates .
kimberly young , a clinical psychologist and assistant professor at the university of pittsburgh , has submitted a paper on the problem for the next american psychological association meeting and would like to see the disorder added to diagnostic manuals .
election experts predict voter turnout could be the highest since the election .
every taxi driver , every news stand vendor is talking about the election and usually the first question is , what do you think is going to happen ?
air force firing range , koon ni range , located only kilometers south of seoul , will be shut down in august next year after years in operation since korean war , the korea times quoted officials at the defense ministry and u . s . military as saying here on sunday .
maybe they would stay with friends instead of checking into a hotel , but by golly , they were going to take their hard earned three days of vacation .
that rate has changed very little over the past years .
he said iran , which is currently hosting about , iraqi refugees , will take part .
eta has attacked airports before , most recently in a december car bombing that killed two people at madrid s barajas airport .
beijing , china cnn the official death toll from the may earthquake in china stood at , as of sunday , state media reported .
qari mateen , a taliban commander , who along with abdullah jan masterminded the kidnapping of south koreans , was among the dead militants , ghazni police chief alishah ahmadzai said .
ledger was unresponsive when he was found by a housekeeper who had gone to wake him for an appointment with a masseuse in the soho apartment , browne said .
however , dow jones spokeswoman linda dunbar denied the rumors .
he s merely happy to take credit for doing what he does very well , which is to write meaty , morally ambiguous , thought provoking crime novels centered in the seamiest parts of boston .
joe torre was hired on thursday to manage the los angeles dodgers , taking the job two weeks after walking away from the new york yankees .
the publicly financed television network , bnn , said it intends to go ahead with the program on friday , drawing attention to the hundreds of people who die each year for lack of a kidney transplant .
jeong was a target because he was the spokesman for the transition team that worked for roh in .
the whale harkens back to far different era .
this reported refusal follows what the united states said was verbal agreement on verification as well as earlier steps by north korea to disable the reactor that produced plutonium for nuclear weapons .
angola and nigeria are also signing up .
there weren t any problems if the headphones were centimeters , or about . inches , or more above the skin s surface .
berlin , germany cnn germany s defense ministry said that it would take very seriously a parliamentary report indicating that the nation s soldiers are more overweight than average civilians , a spokesman said wednesday .
she will get two visits a week from noon to p . m . and one from noon to a . m . the next morning .
in his absence current ppp leader samak sundaravej will probably be announced as the next prime minister at the head of a ruling coalition .
arshad provided no further details , but a local police official said that the attack in fact killed three soldiers .
president bill clinton is expected to make a full recovery after surgery to remove scar tissue and fluids from his chest just months after a heart bypass operation .
opec is not likely to put up with oil prices hovering just above a barrel .
president elect barack obama said sunday the suffering on both sides of gaza s borders has led him to ramp up his commitment to working for a peace deal in the middle east .
it said no deaths or injuries were reported , but the storm wrecked houses and knocked out power in the port city of wenzhou as torrential rains swept the region .
danica patrick , one of three women to qualify this year , says it s not just how fast you can go , but also how you master the race
the imf would keep . billion on its books , and the remaining . billion would go into an investment account .
a spokesman for the state department called on all kenyans to abide by the results so that the nation can move forward .
the south korean hostages , including women , were kidnapped last thursday while riding a bus through ghazni province on the kabul kandahar highway , afghanistan s main thoroughfare .
kang s plea marks the third and final guilty plea in what the u . s . government has called a significant conspiracy to obtain sensitive information on u . s . weapons destined for taiwan .
lighting up in restaurants , bars and internet cafes will continue to be allowed even after a citywide public smoking ban comes into force may , as long as the venue has provided separate smoking and nonsmoking areas , the china daily reported .
john , who had coronary artery disease , underwent surgery at children s hospital of pittsburgh on saturday night .
nadal held but davydenko won six of the next seven games to seize command of the match .
adolf eichmann , who planned the extermination of the jews , and josef mengele , the doctor of the auschwitz death camp nicknamed the angel of death were among the large number of fugitive nazis who were harbored by argentina after the war .
it was the biggest victory in a quarterfinal match in either the european cup or champions league since real madrid beat sevilla in , clocking up a aggregate victory .
if we re serious about helping them , let s provide them some relief , but let s not pretend that we re doing something by suggesting a gas tax holiday that will not be paid for and frankly , it is very unlikely that you d see president george bush sign , he said in a separate interview on the same program .
siljander s attorney said his client did nothing wrong .
the wobbles , in turn , make the wavelength of light from the star shift slightly , and the shifts can be detected from earth .
rice indicated that the israeli palestinian conflict , which exacerbates tensions throughout the region , is a key priority during the remains years of the bush administration . i am committed to this , she said .
it is one of the few global markets , for example , where google inc . is not the dominant search engine .
the acting chief financial officer of money losing mortgage giant freddie mac has been found dead at his northern virginia home .
five home runs from tying hank aaron s record of , bonds is beloved in san francisco but booed in most other cities following years of suspicion that he used performance enhancing drugs .
discernible pace of . percent , less than half what had been expected .
the protest began in front of national telecommunications commission headquarters after members of the national guard seized broadcast equipment , including antennas , the result of a supreme court order on friday .
a garment might have devices on it to help you find your way somewhere , or to tell you how fit you are . it could tell you where someone is to help you meet them , or tell you what s on at a museum or club , she told cnn .
a huge explosion rocked north korea last week but u . s . and south korean officials said sunday it was unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons test despite the appearance of a peculiar cloud over the area .
the resolution was introduced .
there are only around javan rhinos in the wild , about of which live in ujung kulon national park on the western tip of java island .
the first batch of rebate payments started hitting bank accounts last week through direct deposits .
they will attend the party s national convention later this year when the republican candidate is chosen .
aziz told state run tv that about students remained inside including children , around women and some men armed with kalashnikov sub machine guns .
the contest is not just about looking beautiful to win a crown
gazprom will continue supplying gas for its consumers in europe at full volume , the company s chief executive , alexey miller , said .
because many celebrities and professional athletes were found recently to have provided tainted urine samples to avoid their military obligation , new physical examinations were ordered .
after years , seoul has changed so much i can t tell which street is which , lee said . there is no trace of my son . ex if you park your car here the police may tow it away .
harmony was born while he was overseas , police said .
the earl and the countess are both thrilled and excited .
this is the first time i ve investigated a case in which a prosecutor forced a witness to lie , said the official , kim tae hyeon .
the reports said investigators turned up documents detailing the targets in the wreckage of an apartment where seven prime suspects in the march th train attacks blew themselves up a few weeks after the attacks .
the ap s mike grossia reports a government panel will do a little something about that today .
such as the slogan america , the great satan , which became the slogan america , the closest partner , and such as the movements which used to claim that they were carrying the message of islam to liberate the muslims in iraq from saddam the baathist , but are now sending messages of surrender to keep the forces of bush the crusader in the muslims lands .
he said investigators have identified the gunman but have not yet filed charges against him .
and a man with no formal training , no license and no office practiced dentistry for nearly years in malaysia .
among them were australian government officials and members of the australian media , the australian foreign ministry in canberra told cnn .
one of revilla s children is ducat s godson , said col . rommel miranda of the manila police department , in citing both ducat and the senator .
the inventory review , which will involve thousands of items , is due to gates in days .
the investigation led agents to the alleged organizers of a prostitution ring , four of whom were charged in a criminal complaint in march .
adm . mike mullen , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , said that even when the decision is made to pull the four u . s . navy ships off the coast , the vessels will move away slowly enough to turn back if there is an unexpected change of heart by the myanmar government .
yushchenko said ukraine will pay its gas arrears of and will be a stable transit supplier to western europe .
day after day , year after year , she had bloody diarrhea .
william s girlfriend kate middleton , dressed in a black suit and hat , watched the procession with his brother prince harry .
when youssif walked into the new home , he glanced at the plush wall to wall carpet and ordered everyone to take their shoes off . don t get it dirty , he said .
but uribe is still unable to walk with his fianc eacute e , claudia solis , down the aisle .
fans of sex and the city have long arrived here eager to see the shoes , the cosmopolitan drinking fashionistas and the glamorous serial daters for themselves .
experts say ukraine s mines are dangerous largely because they are so deep , typically running more than , feet underground . in comparison , most european coal beds lie at a depth of , to , feet .
the surroundings are filthy , with water puddles and piles of old furniture and cardboard on the ground .
it s frigid , and i know yesterday we were feeding a lot of folks on the sandbag line and i m not sure it got above yesterday .
the film is based on a short story written by f . scott fitzgerald in the s .
the other two heavyweight champions are ruslan chagaev of the wba and samuel peter of the wbc .
ken allan , a navy spokesman , said a nato fleet just outside the territorial waters of the island reported seeing a catastrophic volcanic eruption at p . m . local time gmt .
he says the next layer down in the martian soil contains evaporative materials that could reveal a wet history or a completely different kind of geologic history in the more distant past .
it s a routine scheduled operation but we wouldn t disclose any further details of a private medical condition , the spokeswoman said .
she said again monday that no democratic candidate since has gone on to win the white house without first winning west virginia .
mos office said tuesday they will not prosecute the three in holloway s disappearance , effectively closing the case unless new evidence comes to light .
they said the decision to free the women was a gesture of good will toward korean diplomats negotiating release of all the hostages .
no formal announcement is expected from the white house either today or tomorrow on a possible plan to prevent the collapse of the troubled auto industry .
motorola wednesday warned of a second quarter loss and said it no longer expected its mobile phone business to be profitable this year , blaming weak sales in asia and europe .
but his health has revived and argentina fans hope that he can transfer the ability he had as a player onto the bench as an inspirational coach alongside veteran manager carlos bilardo .
the korea times reports seoul and tokyo on thursday devoted themselves to resolving rising tensions diplomatically over japan s attempts to conduct maritime surveys in south korea s economic waters near dokdo . japan s undersecretary for foreign affairs shotaro yachi proposed his visit to seoul to hold talks with south korean foreign ministry officials on friday .
president bush on thursday called on congress to approve billions of dollars in additional funding for the wars in iraq and afghanistan before lawmakers leave for their christmas break .
police sources later revealed the incident took place at the lounge inn in southport and that the victim was the dj at the premises . gerrard was at the restaurant and bar
an atta aide said that people referred to the bomber at central baghdad s al ghazl market as the crazy woman and that the bomber at a second market had an unspecified birth disability .
bush pleased guatemalans by promising to push hard , and quickly , for changes that would include a temporary worker program for illegal workers in the united states .
defense minister yoon kwang ung yesterday ruled out a possibility that south korean troops in the northern iraqi city of irbil would be engaged in combat or public security missions during a crucial iraqi national election in january .
i get a very strange feeling when we have to sing la , la , la , said alejandro blanco , president of the committee .
the crush of passengers meant revenues of billion rupiahs . million for the system .
cha sung min , whose year old sister , cha hye jin , was among the hostages , said he was sorry to the public for causing concern , but we thank the government officials for the impending release .
at another point , a girl enthusiastically sang , i give a knife to my father to slaughter the chicken .
the lesbian and gay film festival , organized every year in march by the british film institute , has been in existence since .
president george w bush has declared a major strategic shift in iraq following the us troop surge .
minister of agriculture and forestry park hong soo yesterday held an emergency meeting with prime minister han myeong sook , minister of health and welfare rhyu si min and oh dae kyu , director of the center for disease control and prevention cdc , to discuss measures to block the spread of the avian influenza virus , officials said .
subway threatens the passengers .
the hectic schedule reflects the heightened intensity of the wide open presidential race , as both parties choose candidates for the november election to succeed george w . bush .
the assault charges carry a maximum sentence of six months in prison and or a fine of up to , . the other charges are punishable by a fine .
michael bloomberg wants to overturn new york city s term limit law and run for a third term as mayor .
red sox president larry lucchino says the players are tired , but looking forward to playing some baseball .
it commanded . percent of the global market , according to research house idc , ahead of acer s . percent but just slightly more than half of second placed dell s .
during his visit , putin will also attend a summit of caspian sea nations .
he is one of the best known theoretical physicists of his generation and also wrote the book a brief history of time .
we couldn t have gotten everything accomplished without you guys , kelly replied .
he said he rushed back to his car to tell his father , who came down to the riverbank to see the gator .
stewart when you talk about the regulators , why not the financial news network ?
in the united states , a recession is almost all but guaranteed , with many observers saying it could be particularly nasty and last over a year .
blair said on wednesday that britain would soon reduce troop levels in iraq to , .
again intervening in north south korean affairs , the u . s . ambassador to korea , alexander vershbow , warned south koreans yesterday that ignoring the oppressive nature of the north korean regime would not hasten the unification of korea .
since the start of the year , crude has shot up nearly percent .
hawaii governor linda lingel led a delegation to the denver mint for the event honoring the th state .
the new numbers in colorado , along with similar findings from other new polls in the state , are factors in cnn s move of colorado from a toss up state to an obama on cnn s new electoral college map .
one of the biggest surprises was the announcement by morgan , purveyor of quintessentially british sports cars , that it intends to develop a hydrogen fuel cell powered machine .
the election may have been overshadowed by the frenzy of excitement that followed the return from exile of thaksin on thursday .
in china s mainstream media and in the blogosphere , angry chinese are demanding action .
a foreign ministry official said kim ho young , the vice minister , had assembled a team to seek the return of the kidnapped men , employees of daewoo engineering and construction .
the voluntary recall covers certain sony . ah lithium ion cell batteries made in japan .
he had hit cleanup in the first nine games , and in of the games he started last year .
he was pronounced dead at the scene .
i want to believe , said chris carter , the series creator and the movie s director and co writer .
there s just not any way to insist that a guy from italy write me a check for three million , said cave , , an austin , texas , real estate agent .
putting months of bickering behind them , opposition leaders morgan tsvangirai and arthur mutambara stood united to order mugabe to step aside .
lee plays storm shadow in the action movie g . i . joe , which is due for release next summer .
as for the ads , frito lay grabbed the top spot in usa today s ad meter survey for the first time with its doritos ad , featuring an office worker using a crystal ball to free doritos from a vending machine
the order comes in the wake of the discovery last week that four nuclear warhead fuses were accidentally shipped to taiwan in .
this will be the st democratic debate , and although that seems like a lot , much has happened since their last debate , in ohio in late february .
the , pages cover sightings that were reported from through .
at first glance , tokyoites may seem sober and industrious , efficiently going about the business of making their city a world capital of techno commerce , but shops filled with manga comics and anime dvds hint at a desire to escape the obligations of real life .
red cliff , about a well known battle in feudal era china , has suffered casting changes and set problems since it started filming in april last year .
the little people s petition asked him to free all the little slave children of this country .
the plane is very seriously damaged , he said .
he and two other suspects could be sentenced to death if found guilty .
its light makes life on earth possible .
sen . john mccain took his weeklong environmental tour to washington state tuesday , addressing the need for reducing the nation s dependency on foreign oil and sparking investment in environmentally friendly technology .
that , along with the appeal of the disney brand , has ensured the cruise line s success .
they also cited similarities to a bomb blast at a hyderabad mosque in may which killed people .
when she did , in the winter of , the nuisance became malignant melanoma .
song s claim that joining the workers party was merely a formal procedure to enter the communist country was rejected , as the north extends the party membership only to those faithful to the ideology , the court claimed .
japan has extended economic sanctions on north korea , citing a lack of progress in a row over japanese nationals abducted by pyongyang .
did one of his bodyguards remove it ?
washington afp u . s . lawmakers took aim at spam messages on june thursday , as two separate bills worked their way through the u . s .
what i have found for me is it helps me find the quiet time in the hustle bustle of the day , peek said . i am able to focus .
earlier in the day two women and two men were handed over near the village of janda .
several days of clashes between gujjars and police have left at least people dead .
no one noticed his missing legs until he attached himself to the inside of his glass tank .
washington has long complained about endemic corruption hindering anti smuggling efforts in mexico .
foreign ministers of south korea , china , and japan is going to have a meeting for the history dispute .
burma s envoy to the un , kyaw tint swe , said it was disappointing that people continue to express scepticism .
authorities were trying to ascertain how the year old man contracted the deadly h n strain of the disease , which has infected people in indonesia .
that role produced kitt s recognizable sultry cat growl .
a more efficient economy is something americans and retailers would relish these days because there s not a whole lot of this going on
but hopes for a breakthrough by the envoy ibrahim gambari dimmed wednesday after the military government rejected proposed talks with suu kyi .
paved roads give way to dirt , rolling through a countryside where the tour buses are the only vehicles as far as the eye can see .
the birds can fly thousands of miles without a pause , and their only need to touch land is to nest and raise their young , the rspb says .
the archaeologists uncovered the objects in at a site called zaraysk , which was discovered in .
mcdonald s corp . , the world s largest hamburger chain , stopped serving sliced tomatoes on its sandwiches as a precaution until the source of the bacterial infection is known , according to a statement monday from spokeswoman danya proud .
it s just miles by car or cab from downtown juneau .
for best results , eat foods containing plant stanols and sterols with meals twice a day .
australia has about , troops in and around iraq , but rudd won power in australia s national election on november with a promise to bring frontline forces home .
olmert told the gathering as a gesture of goodwill towards the palestinians , i will bring before the israeli cabinet a proposal to free fatah prisoners who do not have blood on their hands .
clinton needs to change the momentum in the battle for the democratic nomination , and the best way to do that is to win big in pennsylvania .
that created a chain reaction that led to the bridge s collapse .
the coastal area bordering eastern india is famous for the mangrove forests of the sundarbans , a world heritage site that is home to rare royal bengal tigers .
now let s give america the kind of comeback that new hampshire has just given me , she said .
it s another overwhelming moment in my career , said year old ronaldo who received the award from brazilian legend pele . it s a tremendously emotional moment and a dream come true .
cnn senior pentagon correspondent jamie mcintyre , in the area to cover a military story , said enterprise was reeling from utter devastation as anguished parents rushed to the town s severely damaged high school .
obama has won the past eight contests and is now ahead in the overall battle for delegates , of which are at stake in texas .
police had earlier said they were still searching for at least four suspects , including a marine captain , who escaped the hotel .
having become the youngest player to win a japan tour event , aged just , ishikawa turned pro at the beginning of and already has his sights set on the big names .
born in , he won a competition to create the north doors of the baptistery at a time when radke says florence was spending more money on its cultural expansion than its military endeavors .
eduardo , whose injury has ruled him out of the remainder of premier league season and the euro finals in austria and switzerland , underwent surgery on saturday in birmingham before being transferred to a london hospital .
police on sunday requested arrest warrants for six students and put one other on the wanted list for playing key roles in the cheating scam .
the defective cover plate broke and fragments damaged the engine of the kf jet during an exercise on feb .
a scientologist has the ability to create new realities and improve conditions , cruise says .
clearly al qaeda and islamic fundamentalists had expressed hatred toward her , cannistraro said . they would be no . on the list .
the ruling would not preclude criminal charges if investigators determined the baby sitter was negligent or reckless , cook said .
pop star madonna and her film director husband guy ritchie are to divorce , madonna s uk spokeswoman , moira bellas , confirmed to cnn .
the three men entered the e . g . buehrle collection among the finest collections of impressionist and post impressionist art in the world in zurich , switzerland , at around p . m . cet a . m . et , police said .
he claimed legg mason titles in , and .
no drugs were found on her or in the vehicle .
the s p shed and the nasdaq lost . .
the government also is seeking to detain all cantaloupes shipped to the united states by agropecuaria montelibano .
the cruise indoctrination video scientology tried to suppress is the title of gawker . com s presentation .
it really does not matter to me who feels bad about it , he said .
russia s primary interest is to have a nuclear free korean peninsula , konstantin kosachev , chairman of the state duma international committee , said in an interview with the korea herald .
it just has to be good enough , shuttle commander rick sturckow told mission control .
he is being investigated by the thai junta on allegations of corruption , principally over the controversial sale of his family s telecoms firm , shin corp , in january .
he was being interviewed , said state police spokesman peter olson .
falwell had campaigned against abortion , homosexuality and feminism .
and in opposition to the anti fta campaigners , a group of right wingers gathered for a pro fta rally and denounced their opponents .
hamels escaped trouble to win his fourth postseason start , utley hit a two run homer in the first inning and the phillies beat the tampa bay rays in the opener wednesday night .
the probe is being developed at johns hopkins university s applied physics laboratory .
to open their own training school
shorter teenagers ducked around their shopping elders all hellbent on getting a piece of clothing designed by supermodel kate moss .
these days , amsterdam makes his living as a new york homicide detective .
mccain raised million in february , compared with million for sen . barack obama and . million for sen . hillary clinton .
fukuda is looking to earn popularity points , while china is working on its foreign policy image with the olympics coming up , sophia university s takahashi said .
in this case , i believe the court , unless it changes its former opinion , must rule that proposition offends uh , the liberty provisions of the constitution of california .
the official was not authorized to discuss sensitive details of diplomatic discussions on the record , and spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity .
so far , only of the bodies have been identified pakistanis and four indians , arora said .
several key players suggested that they are , at least temporarily , unwilling to make further compromises to ease the implementation of an agreement in principle reached in early september .
besides videos , the bill covers all electronic visual material , such as dvds and cds .
over the counter and prescription medications can kill small animals .
yahoo ! shares rose nearly percent in pre market trading on news of the approach , while microsoft shares were down . percent , cnn money reported .
the year old made headlines around the world after she escaped from a subterranean bunker below the house of wolfgang priklopil in a suburb of vienna months ago .
prosecutors are scheduled to arrest kim upon his arrival in seoul and will question him on allegations of lee s involvement in the stock manipulation , prosecution sources said .
others fled to communities farther away , but most were returning wednesday .
prime minister gordon brown on sunday said britons must realize the terrorism threat their country faces is long term and sustained and they must remain constantly vigilant about security .
children are particularly vulnerable to the disease and this is unnecessary .
foreign minister ban ki moon plans to meet japan s chief cabinet secretary shinzo abe in tokyo on wednesday to urge him to stop visiting the yasukuni war shrine .
cruise ships capable of holding their position without anchoring will still be allowed to unload passengers in spotts bay , about kilometers miles east of the capital .
nin was never fazed by the gusty wind and bad weather .
the korea times reports a summit between president roh moo hyun and u . s .
bhutto s party and another major opposition party had urged the government not to delay the elections .
the second goal relates to reuse of content in new media , verrone said . the agreement bases payment for reuses on a distributor s gross formula for residuals , so that when they get paid , we get paid , he said .
the junta supporters shouted abuse at the other side for about minutes ,
if confirmed , this would be the third time in a month pyongyang has fired missiles into waters off its coast .
the emergency order was lifted six weeks later , but none of the justices were reinstated .
hamas security sources said palestinians were arrested in the wake of monday s violence .
navy computer specialist , was put behind bars from until july last year for passing classified documents of the navy to baek dong il , then military attache at the south korean embassy in washington .
new research shows that in a social network , happiness spreads among people up to three degrees removed from one another .
but that finally may be starting to change , doctors say .
he delivered a total of box shaped explosives , including four cylinder shaped pieces with the letters tnt , which stands for trinitrotoluene .
their reaction came out after the ministry of health and welfare announced the plan on may , to cut the prices of medicines manufactured by foreign companies to reduce its soaring insurance coverage for medicines .
under wto rules , china has the right to block the investigation once .
kotra and the ministry of commerce , industry and energy have worked together since to improve some of the weak areas with which foreigners had trouble , said yoo ye jin , an assistant manager of the investment services team at kotra , referring to the one stop investor support center , korean language classes and financial services .
it s hugely popular , and the government wants to get credit for it , especially with local and national elections coming next year .
kathmandu , nepal cnn rescuers searched for a third day as people remained missing after the collapse of a bridge spanning the bheri river in western nepal , police said .
so let s refine the question
he also stood to defend us when gorbachev let the soviet troops storm buildings in vilnius .
entrenched in the worst market downturn in years , the world s five big music companies last year launched their own online subscription services , musicnet and pressplay , after previously dabbling unsuccessfully in digital download programs that priced songs around and up .
with the u . s . auto industry s immediate fate now resting on the amount of money that congress place in their begging bowl , it s worth noting that cash alone is not going to save them in the long run .
on the eve of tuesday s meeting of the organization of petroleum exporting countries , half a dozen key members iran , iraq , kuwait , libya , nigeria and venezuela all said they believed the markets were amply supplied and suggested the official output quota of . million barrels a day should stand .
the center , known as the amia , has since been rebuilt .
south korea supports germany s bid to become a permanent member of the united nations security council unsc , according to a senior chong wa dae official .
the business software alliance announces software piracy settlements worldwide , totaling more than . million . thirty six of those settlements
it s one of the very last patriarchal hierarchies in the western world , and i don t know when they will be ready to let go of that .
the parties reported progressing from talks about ideas and problems to making detailed plans .
henriette was on a path to drench mexico s northern deserts , and its remnants are forecast to drop an inch or two of rain on arizona and new mexico in the southwest on thursday night . follow henriette s projected path raquo
valerie plame is suing cheney , his ex aide lewis libby and presidential adviser karl rove , saying they tried to destroy her career .
some of the team s key figures , including captain dimitar berbatov have already said penev would be the right man .
a flight from shenzhen , china , to taipei , taiwan , landed about a . m . monday p . m . sunday et , while the first flight from taipei to shanghai , china , departed at a . m . , taiwan s civil aeronautics administration reported .
brazil s president luiz inacio lula da silva declared three days of national mourning for the nation s worst air disaster .
the ministry of justice announced a draft of a roadmap for human rights protection during a public hearing in seoul .
you can even hail a gondola and get ferried around the resort s waterways .
maikubi said it was unclear how many children were among the roughly people killed .
i know i am free , i know i am on bulgarian soil , but i still cannot believe it , year old nurse christiana valcheva told reuters as the medics and their families wept and hugged each other at the airport .
the south seoul district prosecutors office is looking into allegations that environment minister lee jae yong , who is , and maritime affairs and fisheries minister oh keo don , who is , have violated election laws that require public servants to resign from their posts before campaigning for a spot in elections .
the resort s owner , a wealthy real estate investor and self professed ski junkie from utah , has stoked big changes at the girdwood institution , from new conveyor belt lifts for beginners and snowmaking machines , to refurbished guest rooms and healthier menus .
iraq s national security adviser said sunday iran has stopped interfering in iraq .
korean government plans to lure foreign students into korea .
the department has not concluded its investigation but expects to release a report this week .
cnn a lufthansa flight en route to new york diverted to shannon airport in ireland after a year old girl died on the flight , irish and airline officials said .
a colored man s reminiscences of life in the white house .
the two year study of three new cars found anecdotal evidence that drivers were becoming ill when they drove their cars .
the spat between schwarzenegger and the city began in , when graz authorities stripped the governor s name from the city s soccer stadium after he refused to block the execution of a convicted california gang founder .
wapenaar is an artist with over years professional experience , but the inspiration for creating tents stretches right back to his childhood .
her struggle prompted her daughter to work with the american heart association to raise awareness about strokes , especially among blacks .
retailers expectations may have been low for the start of the holiday shopping season , but the competition was fierce .
the world food programme supplies the emergency food for unicef , but rising food prices mean it could not guarantee aid for all the areas in need .
they made their way to st . giles cathedral for a private memorial and thanksgiving service for the fallen service members .
government forces , under the direction of chad s president idriss deby , continued a bloody battle for power in n djamena against the rebels , according to a french military spokesman .
after more than a decade of chaos , some aid groups now are focusing on the psychological problems of somalia s children of war .
south korea s national intelligence agency said it was checking the validity of the report , as was the defense ministry .
a dazzlingly detailed image released by nasa scientists on tuesday shows the chaotic conditions in which stars are born and die in this case in a huge nebula in another neighborhood of our milky way galaxy .
but more than rangers have returned , park spokeswoman samantha newport told cnn last week .
former world chess champion bobby fischer , who was taken into custody by japanese authorities two weeks ago for traveling with a revoked u . s . passport , has appealed a deportation order to the united states , an adviser said monday .
a provincial hospital official said of the people wounded , received serious injuries .
nothing was left to chance
south korea also said it appreciates the u . s . and somalia s government for helping free the men .
i assured the president that a palestinian state is a high priority for me and my administration , bush told reporters as abbas looked on . a viable state , a state that doesn t look like swiss cheese , a state that provides hope .
we want to run the state government administration free from the new economic policy that only breeds cronyism , corruption and systematic inefficiency , he told reporters .
businesses need to protect telephone conversations and electronic messages from competitors , industrial spies , and private investigators .
incumbent boris tadic narrowly won a second term as serbia s president after a runoff sunday with ultranationalist rival tomislav nikolic , according to preliminary figures from election monitors .
reagan s anticipated recovery time is six to eight weeks , including physical therapy and a modified schedule .
order of the phoenix , the fifth installment of the movie franchise based on j . k . rowling s fantasy best sellers , has teen wizard harry daniel radcliffe teaching classmates magic spells to defend themselves against the coming battle with the forces of dark lord voldemort .
the rains could cause life threatening floods and mudslides on the two nation island , the hurricane center said .
however swift denials were issued , with claims construction plans had benefited from the current financial crisis .
on a blisteringly hot afternoon , rooney and tal ben haim did little to cool the temperature .
his family filed a wrongful death suit against kgl .
the meeting is seen as a gesture of support for the moderate palestinian leadership led by mahmoud abbas .
the commission said it would maintain political neutrality and independence in issuing the ruling .
state tv showed waves of up to m pounding eastern shores , and it reported that boats and ships had been ordered to return to port and ferry services suspended .
the north s korean central news agency kcna , pyongyang broadcasting , and rodong shinmun , all the communist country s official news media , delivered the news over the weekend that u . s . president george w . bush was visiting seoul , but avoided mentioning the occasion .
french president nicolas sarkozy appealed tuesday for leftist rebels to free former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , saying she is in danger of imminent death .
president elect barack obama , citing the need for tighter oversight of the nation s financial markets , on thursday named veteran regulator mary schapiro as his choice to head the securities and exchange commission .
the korea herald reports that posco engineering and construction co . , a subsidiary of the nation s largest steelmaker posco co . , is embroiled in a lobbying scandal surrounding an apartment complex project in gwangju , gyeonggi province .
alternative outdoor ads will not be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva , though the movie is heavily advertised on tv , the internet and in newspapers , barak said .
in addition to a criminal investigation , there are ongoing investigations by the french banking regulatory commission and french senate finance committee .
he brought food and water to her .
cnn al jazeera broadcast monday an audio message purportedly from al qaeda leader osama bin laden calling on al qaeda and other groups in iraq to unify their forces and speak with one voice , that of the islamic nation .
you are more likely to become happy , the study found . but the reverse is not true .
neither of the figures can be independently verified .
prime minister samak sundaravej issued his warning on government television saturday , saying the protest must stop immediately and calling it a make or break point .
the development of the reactor and other nuclear related activities imply that pakistan has decided to increase significantly its production of plutonium for nuclear weapons , the washington based institute said in a report analyzing the images .
half of the korean minor manufacturers plans to relocate their plants abroad within years .
the complaint comes two days after french president nicolas sarkozy s spokesman said the president plans to take legal action against ryanair for using a photo of him and girlfriend carla bruni in another advertisement .
travelers may encounter additional screening when bringing remote control devices in carry on baggage , the tsa said .
venus rises with wta championships title
then , there s limited parking .
doctoral student ken stanton , , said he resented that cho was getting airtime while many of the victims , such as his friend , jeremy herbstritt , remained anonymous .
the month old male weighing about pounds had knocked her to the ground then lay on top of her in what police suspect was mating behavior , gregory said .
the law limits the export of technology considered to be sensitive .
prime minister jose ramos horta , who won the nobel peace prize for championing east timor s struggle to end decades of brutal indonesian rule , initially had been seen as the favorite for the five year presidency .
seoul s converted cheonggye sewer stream , proudly opened to the public just over a week ago is under attack , the seoul institute of health and environment said yesterday .
both sides have agreed in principle to create the post but not agreed on how much power a new prime minister will have .
smokers are the most loyal consumers in the world .
the lafayette , indiana , native was born to first generation russian americans .
and wheel of fortune , was when he died sunday of prostate cancer .
has been appropriately obscured to avoid any unwarranted intrusion into their privacy or that of their families .
high volume handrails are why gendreau sanitizes his hands as soon as he can after he exits an escalator .
he and five members of his entourage were involved in a fight with a male customer inside the waffle house , said mekka parish , a spokeswoman for the dekalb county police department .
that s right , says taisia plotnikova , the editor of a new russian magazine called bodyguard .
militants beheaded kim tuesday after korea refused their demands to withdraw its military medics and engineers from iraq and cancel a plan to send an additional , troops .
responding to sunday s ambush , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan urged the u . s . to take speedy steps toward cracking down on the pkk in iraq , according to the associated press
in what could be a preview of the general election , the two exchanged jabs over iraq and the economy , sure to be key issues in november .
the opposition grand national party is preparing a north korean human rights bill that would require the government to put aside funds for humanitarian aid to the north , and to investigate the fate of defectors who are forcibly returned to north korea .
steven hall , a british national who was hurt in the blaze , told cnn that flames began to spread along the ceiling above the stage where a band and dj were performing . but some people appeared to believe that it was part of the performance .
the winning bid came from david rubenstein , former aide to the carter administration , and co founder and managing director of the carlyle group , a global private equity firm based in washington d . c , according to sotheby s .
the cause of the derailment was unknown , he said , and officials have not ruled out the possibility it was the result of a terrorist attack .
without mentioning the security and compatibility issues that have dogged vista , ballmer promised that windows will make pcs faster and easier to use .
it ll be an uphill drive when the heads of the big three automakers come to congress this afternoon asking for a billion bailout .
the bachelor , brooks said , is just there to give them something to root about .
lawyers for the sheikh say the money was given to jackson while he was short on cash , and struggling to revive his career after his child molestation trial .
the united nations would train and support chadian police while the european union would protect civilians , humanitarian workers and the u . n . mission , guehenno said .
the picture was equally gloomy in the uk as telecoms giant bt announced it was cutting around , jobs , mainly among agency workers and sub contractors , the british press association said .
exchange of fire mars hour truce in gaza
nonetheless , he said he was able to map the locations of of the reported human rights violations .
but refugees and villagers in the remote areas have also been victims of fighting by local rebel and government troops , as well as bandits who have turned the chad sudan car triangle into one of the most dangerous and desperate regions on earth .
the speaker urges muslims to take action rather than hold protests in support of the palestinians , which he says will do no good .
a merger built on this unstable foundation is likely to put the combined airline in a position similar to that of us airways .
obama earlier claimed a decisive victory in north carolina .
overcoming opposition from leftists angered by his support for the u . s . led war in iraq , the new president elect of the european union s top office said yesterday he would move quickly to assert power in brussels and mend ties with washington .
as a result , the indian government has put in place an affirmative action plan that sets aside job and educational quotas for the disadvantaged groups that it classifies as scheduled tribes and scheduled castes .
he said he had come to learn about her situation , but has not had any contact with the leftist rebels holding her .
there are currently peace corps volunteers serving in the philippines , according to the u . s . embassy in that country .
when he came out , the taliban planted a mine , which killed him , ahmadi said in a phone call from an undisclosed location .
the faa should have immediately undertaken a review of the airline s records .
the drug trade , economic development and the fate of remaining south korean hostages held by the taliban are also likely to be high on the agenda .
in a statement from the massachusetts democrat s office , kennedy was said to be thankful for the care of the doctors and nurses at duke , and also for the continued prayers and well wishes from the people of massachusetts and all over the country .
a spokeswoman for kfor , nato s mission in kosovo , said kosovo s border with serbia remained open except for the two crossing points attacked tuesday .
fouad al farhan , operator of the web site alfarhan . com , was arrested december .
the explosion site includes a shopping mall , a luxury hotel , a military post and military housing .
she will surprise the world , said sean garrett , who collaborated with the singer on three new tracks .
earlier this month , a printing plant worker was sentenced to hours community service for stealing pages from the forthcomingnovel he found in a parking lot as he was leaving work .
we put everything out there and people judge the truth for themselves .
however one opposition party was hit with a lawsuit alleging defamation against the singapore prime minister .
others , such as the guard injured on tuesday , are on contract from private security firms .
the ruling uri party suffered a crushing defeat in crucial weekend by elections as it failed to win a single parliamentary seat while the main opposition grand national party swept up five seats , undermining president roh moo hyun s push to pass controversial reform bills that include abolition of anti communism laws .
tom daschle says he s deeply embarrassed and disappointed by his failure to pay more than , in taxes .
the iranian regime must halt these actions , he said . and until it does , i will take actions necessary to protect our troops .
xinhua said police opened fire in aba county the same place that tibetan activists said eight people were killed during protests near kirti monastery .
baquba is north of baghdad and is the diyala provincial seat .
however , in this study , drinking tea seemed to increase the chance of developing rheumatoid arthritis .
to go full gretchen , ullman decided to smoke during production after years of abstinence .
tusk made pulling out of iraq a top issue in his recent election campaign , in which his pro european union party , civic platform , ousted the socially conservative government of prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski , who is to resign november .
australian prime minister john howard and his labor rival kevin rudd have been increasing campaign rhetoric ahead of saturday s general elections .
a joint venture with japan s nippon steel in helped inland survive and produce higher quality steel .
early in the afternoon , a local politician , sen . ramon revilla , entered the bus to conduct direct negotiations .
a substantial rise in sea level could imperil low lying areas from bangladesh to miami , florida , to lower manhattan , and could magnify the damage from landfalling hurricanes and cyclones .
at germany s second biggest airport , in munich , of planned flights for wednesday morning were canceled , spokesman peter pruemm said . another flights were canceled in hamburg .
india s ambassador to germany said she was very concerned .
the principal says it was the kids idea .
abbas vowed to hold new elections as soon as the situation on the ground permits , abdel rahim said .
security council resolution earlier this year .
the assembly announced the delay of the vote at the request of jordan , representing arab nations .
citigroup said in a statement that the bank and executive paolo botta are certain that the outcome of the debate will prove they had nothing to do with the allegations and that citigroup is the injured party .
when it comes to doing the show , there are things we were able to do with bart five years ago that we re no longer able to do anymore , brooks said .
but despite sending an estimated million . million on revamping the squad , success has eluded sunderland this season , losing six of their last seven games .
a blue house official emphasized that point yesterday .
in addition to wooing the dwindling pool of voters remaining in this nomination battle , clinton and obama are actively pursuing the roughly uncommitted superdelegates , aides said .
both were at the rawalpindi park when bhutto was assassinated , according to majeed .
the spokesman , who declined to be named , said the ministry finalized its budget yesterday and will send . trillion won in development assistance to help in areas such as medical services and rural development .
the korea times reports president roh moo hyun on thursday asked for support from businessmen for the bids to host the winter olympics in pyeongchang and the world expo in yeosu .
the ferry , carrying more than passengers , capsized thursday after hitting a cargo vessel on the buriganga river .
the cost of making a nickel then was nearly a dime .
the presence of u . s . forces in pakistan would be hugely inflammatory for the rest of the country and probably would destabilize pakistan in a more serious way than it is right now , said frederick barton of the center for strategic and international studies , a washington think tank . so , clearly , training is the best thing we can do .
che film gets thumbs up in cuba
their appearance , captured by the french media , came two months after the french president s divorce from his wife of years , cecilia .
the big gate and two cars near it were all burnt and black , and broken glass , bricks and rubbish were everywhere .
earlier , lekima appeared to be heading toward southern china , where officials evacuated , people and called , fishing boats back to harbor .
the markets responded after european leaders , led by uk prime minister gordon brown outlined plans which will see more than a trillion dollars pumped into the banking sector .
klein , a year old hedge fund manager , was vacationing with the two girls when they took the flight sunday to photograph a volcano in chiriqui province , about miles west of panama city .
most experts maintain that diet is more important .
his son is charged with helping his father dispose of the girl s body .
zahi hawass said the pyramid , of which only the base remains , is believed to be that of king menkauhor , an obscure pharaoh who ruled for only eight years more than , years ago .
obama has started looking at clinton as less of a rival and more as an important ally who can help him win in november .
hamels , mvp of the nl championship series , improved to with a . era this postseason .
relief workers also reported that some storm survivors were being given spoiled or poor quality food rather than nutrition rich
scientists monitoring the summit say that there s a remote possibility of an eruption inside the half mile wide crater , but that it s unlikely because other indicators of an eruption aren t present .
about two thirds of independents have also held steady against the war .
one of the japanese wept as sunni clerics tried to comfort her after securing their release .
that makes it unlikely it will be passed in the senate , where the democrats have a very slender majority .
the israel defense forces idf denied conducting an airstrike in gaza , but said its forces did fire on a militant in eastern gaza city , killing him .
the icrc has set up new camps to accommodate them because they represent a wider variety of tribal groups , some of whom might not feel comfortable living with those in the established camps .
washington cnn amir khan says he becomes frustrated and humiliated every time he enters the united states and federal agents search his computers .
the documentary an inconvenient truth , which told of former u . s . vice president al gore s nearly year struggle to fight global warming , captured widespread attention and earned two oscars .
secularists oppose gul because of his islamist past and the fact his wife wears the muslim head scarf .
but the negotiations moved at a snail s pace as both sides remained reluctant to accept each other s demand on auto trade and auto related technical standards , one of the hottest issues in the trade negotiations .
chelsea still lead on seven points from four games , closely trailed by roma .
ledger s first american film was the teen comedy things i hate about you in , and he immediately attracted attention from hollywood .
and there are a host of old enemies with long memories , particularly when landsman decides to root around the dead chess player s case .
he immediately jumped into his honda and drove away ,
president roh moo hyun has faced legal and legislative action over his decision to shut down the press rooms , with the opposition party vowing to block the initiator of the idea , the government information agency .
the u . s . federal reserve cut its main rate by a half percentage point , with the central banks of china , britain , sweden , switzerland and the european central bank all following suit with their own cuts .
the new york times endorsed arizona sen . john mccain for the republican presidential nomination over rudy giuliani and the rest of the gop field , strongly criticizing the former mayor of its home city .
escalatory moves by north korea will only lead to its greater isolation and a more desperate situation in the north , their statement said .
the cases could then go to the court of arbitration for sport in lausanne , switzerland , where abrahamian is also contesting the ioc rulings .
the u . s . administration has ruled out such a move , but says some form of written security guarantee could be possible .
because desertification is often caused by population pressure , effective control is hard to achieve and many solutions are focused on dealing with the symptoms rather than the root cause of the problem .
the fan was infuriated by fandel s decision to award sweden an th minute penalty and send off danish midfielder christian poulsen with the score tied at after denmark had rallied from down .
the countries of south east asia have rarely controlled their own destinies .
the american targeted the event in australia as the first step on his comeback after a three year absence from the sport .
meanwhile , the u . s . military was on the move against insurgents .
a grand jury indicted joshua mauldin last week on child injury charges after hearing evidence that he placed the two month old in a motel microwave for to seconds .
hundreds of police and soldiers , backed by armoured personnel carriers and with orders to shoot armed resisters on sight , sealed off the mosque and imposed an indefinite curfew in the neighbourhood after tuesday s clashes .
in outline a straightforward guy gets girl musical , once is about as far from the broadway tradition as it could get .
while haze hovers over other parts of the world , such as above america and europe , what surprised scientists was just how far the cloud extended , and how much black carbon was in it , according to a . p . mitra from india s national physical laboratory .
obama voters appear to be more willing to support clinton in november .
the top two stories of a building under renovation collapsed in central london on tuesday , trapping a construction worker in the rubble , police said .
tariq al hashimi , one of iraq s two vice presidents and a top sunni arab leader , met with turkish leaders last week about the tensions along the iraq turkish border , and said the talks ended in good results , his office said in a statement .
the pyongyang talks continued through the night into a fifth , unscheduled day as both parties negotiated intensely over rice and nuclear weapons .
tokyo , japan cnn rescue workers dug out three bodies from under mud and rock sunday , bringing the death toll from japan s . magnitude earthquake to nine .
before its summer recess , congress approved the protect america act , which allows the government to intercept , without a warrant , phone calls and e mails from people outside the united states who are contacting individuals inside the country .
the massive legislation also contains language requiring the president to confirm that pakistan is making progress in combatting al qaeda and taliban elements within its borders before the united states provides aid to the country .
in all , at least , people were sentenced to death in countries , and as many as , people are estimated to be on death row , amnesty said .
there are indications this could escalate further israeli naval vessels are attacking gaza from the sea , and israel has doubled the number of troops on the ground along the border .
men
abbas adviser tayeb abdel rahim said hamas was attempting a military coup .
new york ap the decision to become pregnant and raise a child with her female partner was not political , mary cheney , a daughter of vice president dick cheney , told a barnard college audience .
the film earned nominations for best picture and best supporting actress saoirse ronan .
the planet , which is . light years from earth and orbits the star gliese , is being described as earth like by nasa experts .
there is no person capable of riding in on a white horse with a bag of money to resolve this contract , pataki said .
in indonesia , the military has proposed blacking out objectionable information .
the violence spurred the creation of programs that give malays privileges in government jobs , contracts and education .
municipal official ljubica ukurtovic , in an interview with chilean tv station tvn , said approximately people had sought treatment at the hospital .
they say common uses for diverted funds include providing holiday bonuses for municipal workers and underwriting special municipal events .
the south korean government has a million . million deal with russia to co sponsor the flight in exchange for yi s trip .
however , they believe the romans ultimately prevailed .
the goal is to set voluntary and mandatory standards to reduce global warming and coal pollution , while also protecting the economic interests of the participants .
the official did not concretely explain how the u . s . would respond should north korea cross the red line , but the paper explained this was a strong warning that military action could not be excluded .
eventually merged with al qaeda and was responsible for planning attacks throughout north africa and the middle east , the counterterrorism official said .
lohan also said she took lessons for the role .
michigan held a primary in january , but the democratic national committee stripped the state of its delegates for scheduling the contests too early .
on sunday , a judge remanded of them to jail , released four on bail and dropped charges against the other two .
the largest of these groups is known as the janjaweed .
discuss it with them and be honest about your preferences .
four people who were sitting close to the patient have been told to stay home .
superdelegates and the possibility of do over primaries for florida and michigan .
such fundamental flaws present a serious obstacle to achieving the levels of readiness , capability , and effectiveness in police and border security forces that are essential for internal security and stability in iraq , the report says .
i often tell my friends that are still in the dating sphere to use the power of google to their advantage , says katie laird , a year old .
in morning trading , wall street shook off news of a historic decline in house prices last month , and followed international markets upward , after the japanese market gained and hong kong rose overnight .
vermeiren was coordinating rescue efforts at the airport .
in baghdad , three roadside bombs detonated in various neighborhoods , killing at least people and wounding others , according to the iraqi interior ministry .
carrie prejean on nbc s today show with pageant owner donald trump at her side
the alaska governor insists she never asked for the tens of thousands of dollars in designer clothing and accessories bought for her by the republican national committee during the campaign .
holder , , co chaired obama s vice presidential selection process .
that would give more time to aim arrow anti missiles at it .
she also said that she feels this will be a time when paris will be able to think and reflect and to spend time alone to learn from the experience because in paris life she s never alone there s always a constant chatter around her .
hartsfield said nowak was informed about the request for termination on february by chief astronaut steve reynolds but that processing the request took until this week .
in late november , u . n . envoy paulo sergio pinheiro said as many as were believed to have been killed during the demonstrations including buddhist monks .
newly rich couples can afford to pay fines to have more than one child , while rural couples are marrying earlier , he told xinhua news agency .
compaq , apple and other pc makers will build dvd rom drives into some of their computers .
director marc forster monster s ball , finding neverland said that he wanted this bond to have a raw emotional side to go with the action movie propulsion .
he had planned to return to the ranch , which is about miles south of yerington , nevada , at noon p . m . et . the search for him began about six hours later , ryan said .
the two suspects told the judge in wednesday s court appearance that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol , and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema said .
a massive earthquake off the coast of indonesia is reported to have killed hundreds of people and triggered tsunami alerts around the indian ocean .
about a decade ago , she was in an america online chat room and needed to call herself something .
a state department official told cnn things are under control .
ma has professed his innocence since february , when his indictment was first announced .
that hasn t happened in a long time .
for example , it said land to grow wheat could almost disappear in africa .
her father , william templeton , said the pain was a little worse than a bee sting .
this is a tragedy for pakistan that a dictator is disregarding the people .
the probe s goal was to establish a map of the universe , making precision measurements to one millionth of a kelvin degree of infinitesimal fluctuations of temperature , known as anisotropy , observed in the universe about , years after the big bang .
while playing slots , a man won . .
in patients with parkinson s disease , dopamine producing nerve cells in this region degenerate , causing tremors , stiffness , slowed movement , and loss of coordination .
they now believe that the suspect was using a false identity because a passport in that name was stolen in israel a few years ago .
aljibury said the first contracts likely awarded will be to the chinese in the south central part of iraq , the vietnamese in the south , the indians along the kuwaiti border , and the indonesians in the western desert .
we are asking the iranian government for that to stop .
first adopted in , the agreement now has signatories .
emergency officials are urging people to evacuate because of flooding on two rivers in pierce county , washington .
similarly , men are disproportionately reaping the benefits of declines in smoking and of eating less fat , especially saturated fat , than or years go , he said .
the prosecutors complained about the rejection and went looking for more grounds to add to the warrant application in order to convince the court that shin needs to be jailed ahead of a trial .
the scan also showed he had the typical overbite characteristic of other kings from his family , large incisor teeth and his lower teeth were slightly misaligned .
the steel maker will be listed on the new york stock exchange from tuesday when it reopens after the labor day holiday .
the gnp is scheduled to complete legal action by wednesday .
a two day voting process via cell phone , in which . percent of the , union members participated , showed that . percent of the member truckers voted yes on the strike .
iran s government seeks to keep iraq in a state of weakness to ensure baghdad does not pose a threat to tehran , cheney said .
he was originally charged with attempted murder , conspiracy to commit war crimes and aiding the enemy , and was selected to face a u . s . military tribunal .
lohan was released on her recognizance . a court date was scheduled for august .
spending on it and communications resume , driving a worldwide growth rate of . percent for the industry , said john gantz , idc s chief research officer .
as with much in economics , the importance of human capital is easier to prove in theory than to measure .
the israeli delegation , led by prime minister ehud olmert , arrived sunday .
if you ve got a hairball , or spaghetti didn t agree with the dog , accident on the carpet , the first thing you do is scream and run to get the paper towels and start trying to pick it up , which drives it down into the carpet fibers .
he wrote mcdonald s first national advertising slogan , where quality starts fresh every day , and eventually became a franchisee .
the scene , which lasted for about four seconds , was the first instance of indecent exposure to take place on national television .
they made their break about a . m . , wandering about a residential street and riling up a neighborhood dog , police said .
the opec members are algeria , angola , indonesia , iran , iraq , kuwait , libya , nigeria , qatar , saudi arabia , united arab emirates and venezuela .
combative forward dallaglio , whose test career spanned years and caps , pre empted that decision when he made the official announcement on thursday .
in remarks at a white house ceremony the president eluded to widespread skepticism about the workability of another costly federal program to save the cities .
for now , the center is surviving on small private donations , but it is not enough .
the turnaround of the north s stance came in an apparent protest over the current lee myung bak administration s tough policy in dealing with the reclusive nation .
and in a rare scene of bipartisan support , both the grand national party and president roh moo hyun s uri party are looking at ways to keep closer track of such offenders .
the commission s report came a day after a un envoy accused the army of being in denial over the issue of extra judicial killings .
after web strangers contributed more than , to her cause , according to her web site .
most people improve after three or four days , but some enter a second toxic phase that causes fever , jaundice and blood in the vomit , the health organization says .
the problem with the state manufacturing the plate is that it sends a message that florida is essentially a christian state and , second , gives the appearance that the state is endorsing a particular religious preference , said howard simon , executive director of the american civil liberties union of florida .
so as he neared the end of his remarks , gates made a deliberate move to separate himself from rumsfeld and any lingering discord .
we are viewing the next two years as being critical , he said .
but then she checked out his myspace page and found photos showing him naked in a bath tub .
attention shifted to supreme court deliberations on whether pakistan s general pervez musharraf can claim victory after winning a landslide victory in a presidential election boycotted by nearly the entire opposition saturday .
the court also said shin appears to have no intention to flee or to destroy evidence .
he said he supports president bush s plan to bolster troop numbers in iraq by more than , soldiers and marines .
over the course of a year , i dropped about pounds , curtis says .
in an interview with la repubblica newspaper , monsignor tommaso stenico said he frequented online gay chat rooms and met with gay men as part of his work as a psychoanalyst .
the incoming administration hopes the plan will help parents reduce private english tutoring costs for their children , which amounts to trillion won per year .
fully developed by the korea railroad research institute in late , the plan was to purchase trains , for an estimated billion won million , and put them to work on the seoul jeolla province line by .
the poll said that former seoul mayor lee continues to enjoy robust support .
in new orleans , people made homeless by the flooding have grown increasingly desperate , with outbreaks of shootings , carjackings and thefts .
kathmandu , nepal cnn a year old nepalese man reached the summit of mount everest on sunday and became the oldest person to climb the world s highest mountain , a tourism official said .
in a crowded place like this island , where most people live in apartments or in densely populated towns , unlicensed breeders are tempted to cut dogs vocal cords to keep them from disturbing neighbors and attracting the attention of authorities , the activists say .
horst koehler , a former head of the international monetary fund who has called for bolder economic reforms in germany , was elected sunday as the country s ninth postwar president .
hill also said the united states was determined to take additional measures to press north korea to comply with a united nations security council resolution condemning pyongyang s missile tests in july and calling on north korea to return to nuclear negotiations .
some of the symptoms of postpartum depression are the same as those for generalized depression , such as sadness , a sense of worthlessness and a loss of interest in sex or hobbies .
minutes later , toussaint said all major contract issues still needed to be resolved .
she was among , applicants for the job in a nationwide competition , and plans to conduct scientific experiments during her nine days on the space station .
enemies would not similarly challenge mccain , he said , because he s already been tried .
two new york lawmakers told cnn on tuesday that clinton expressed willingness during a conference call to serve as obama s running mate in november .
a man strums an electric guitar while another musician blows on a buffalo horn converted into an instrument .
first , they assumed that a provisional government would be in place by d day , then that the iraqis would stay in their garrisons and be reliable partners , and finally that the post hostilities phase would be a matter of mere months .
players get points each time they help aliens , some of which are worth more than others because they re hard to find or have special abilities .
but we were always respectful of the popular will .
an indonesian passenger jet crash landed and burst into flames on wednesday killing people trapped inside .
kathmandu , nepal cnn nepalese authorities thursday arrested at least tibetan exiles protesting against china s policies in the province ahead of this weekend s olympic torch relay in tibet , security officials in kathmandu said .
some customers and chinese media accused oil companies of creating phony shortages to force beijing to raise prices .
poor safety standards make chinese coal mines among the most dangerous in the world .
lewis had said earlier that the negative tone of the republican presidential campaign reminded him of the hateful atmosphere that segregationist governor george wallace fostered in the s .
experts say that s just one of several vaccines you may need now .
mississippi had pledged delegates up for grabs , which will be allocated proportionally .
henry who played despite french coach raymond domenech asking for him to be released to join the national squad for their euro qualifier opened the scoring in the th minute .
polls have given mrs clinton a lead over obama in tuesday s contest .
i think that will just encourage those who want to completely destabilize and destroy iraq , and create chaos and a victory for the terrorists to hang on and hope for an obama victory , howard said on nine network television .
kim won wung of the ruling uri party warned that he would introduce a resolution , demanding washington recall vershbow .
ap correspondent bob eller reports that a big hurdle , former president bill clinton s international foundation , has been cleared .
says it has eliminated millions of dollars in waste and doubled its market share
the regional group s new charter , which would commit members to promoting human rights and bolstering democracy , is due to be ratified at a summit on tuesday .
you could call it korea bashing .
university of maryland economist peter morici is not impressed
but it was urging customers to conserve electricity by setting air conditioning thermostats higher and waiting to use major appliances until after dark .
it s like a knife on top of our heads , said lo chi yin , who like many here expressed worries about his children s future .
he delivered that message in an interview with the associated press on wednesday , days before he is scheduled to talk with u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte in the pakistani capital of islamabad this weekend .
skeptics have questioned whether the car meets safety and emissions standards .
that much is expected , but it is far from the kinship bush had with brown s predecessor , tony blair , who lost favor at home because of his close ties to bush . brown arrived by helicopter at camp david after booming thunderstorms gave way to sunshine .
president elect barack obama has decided to increase his goal for creating new jobs after receiving economic forecasts that suggest the economy is in worse shape than had been predicted , two democratic officials told cnn .
among mourners who filled the church of the good shepherd were former first lady nancy reagan , pat sajak , vanna white , alex trebek , dick van dyke and griffin s son , anthony , and his family .
an earthquake measuring . has struck near the indonesian island of sulawesi the us geological survey said .
the movie , which is being filmed mostly in north and south carolina , also stars john krasinski and renee zellweger .
blatter was quoted in the times on tuesday .
edi darma , an official at jakarta s flood crisis center , said people had died in jakarta and surrounding towns as of late sunday , mostly either by drowning or electrocution .
britain s prince harry apologizes for offensive language
simonyi returns to earth on april , along with russian mikhail tyurin and the american astronaut miguel lopez alegria , who have been on the station since september .
earlier us president george w bush praised iraqi pm nouri maliki s decision to order the crackdown .
a public session will be held on the third day .
the phillies are headed to the world series after last night s win over the dodgers to claim the national league pennant .
a candidate must receive percent plus one vote to win without a runoff .
wen s budget priorities reflect beijing s recent focus on shifting spending to education , health care and other social programs that have been neglected while the communist government concentrated on boosting investment and trade .
the catamaran owner said he only realized darwin was the same man who had come to visit him when he received a call from police in britain investigating the missing man , who had traced paperwork to his business .
concerns remain high about fraud in voter registrations in several states .
nonetheless , we are committed to the tax cuts .
i have a couple of things in mind , she said .
for each celestial toss , anderson leaned back on the end of the space station s foot robot arm , as far from the space station as possible .
in the course of her tale .
still , stone said , whoever wins this , obama or mccain , it s going to be living in the shadow of dubya .
but the talks have been stalled for two years , and north korea tested a low yield nuclear weapon october .
more than , cases of the tick borne disease are now reported every year , the cdc said , making it the most common illness transmitted by bugs or animals in the united states .
provisional results had given victory to the people power party ppp , with of the available seats .
former president kim dae jung has expressed his willingness to visit north korea again as long as his health permits him to go on the trip .
almost people trafficked as slaves , of them children , have been freed in shanxi and henan in the last few weeks .
there were important lessons for the business world in the findings , said liuba belkin of lehigh .
the drop led by a huge drop in auto purchases , but sales of all types of products , from furniture to clothing , fell .
the financial debt defaulter system , however , eased the figure to , won . even so , the number of credit defaulters were . million as of the end of august .
on saturday , she held her last rally , telling thousands of supporters she was endorsing her former rival , sen . barack obama , who became the presumptive democratic nominee tuesday .
the creatures are independent of the player ?
they acknowledged it was the biggest protest here since the june , , crackdown in tiananmen square shocked hong kong .
it preys on the sick and vulnerable , causing deadly blood infections , pneumonia , toxic shock .
the rioting allegedly took place on friday and saturday .
williams won . million at the event , which for the first time offered the same prize money as the men at the atp s season ending masters cup in shanghai .
luis eladio perez , who was held by farc for seven years before his february release , said he believes a path toward a negotiated solution could be opened for the release of hostages , estimated to number .
but researchers at tokyo s waseda university hope the contraption will soon be deployed to hospitals and spas across japan to give therapeutic facial massages .
the resolution would have needed the support of senators to take it to a final vote .
keane has a history of walkouts , leaving the ireland camp at the world cup finals following a furious row with the coaching staff .
the bus firm said safety came first , but it was investigating the complaint .
israel is at the forefront of the struggle against terrorism and will continue to defend its citizens , who are exposed to this threat on a daily basis , israel s foreign ministry said in a written statement .
violent protests in tibet , the most serious challenge in almost two decades to china s rule in the region , are forcing human rights campaigners and governments to re examine their approach to the olympic games .
while planning her vacation to new york , lisa werness was so horrified by the prices in manhattan that she opted for cheaper lodging in brooklyn where she scored a room rate of just a night . don t remind me .
yeah , i ve won a lot of long shots , but yes , sir , the derby , you know , i mean , this is unbelievable .
by late thursday , hamas had seized control of all palestinian authority security installations in the territory , palestinian security sources said .
the pulsing , main pedestrian walk of shops , bars , restaurants and two grocery stores even has a wine shop at the base of whistler ski area .
an endangered and secretive animal rarely seen in the wild has been caught on camera in west africa .
the rudolph giuliani of first shamelessly turned the horror of into a lucrative business , with a secret client list , then exploited his city s and the country s nightmare to promote his presidential campaign , the paper writes , describing giuliani as a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man .
a spokeswoman for apple inc . , the maker of ipods , declined to comment .
the boys from detroit got it .
winehouse , the british singer and songwriter who has been in the news in recent months more for her public misbehavior than her music , is up for six awards sunday night , including nominations in the big four general categories album of the year , song of the year , record of the year and best new artist .
the growth rate of consumer prices trailed the rate of growth among property prices last month in the five districts .
there was also criticism that the annual meeting of more than , global powerbrokers often criticized for being little more than a talking shop had shied away from key discussing issues such as the conflict in darfur .
the governor of illinois has been arrested on federal charges .
pakistani taliban commander baitullah mehsud paid out more than , , including money to purchase suicide jackets , for the assassination of benazir bhutto , the chief pakistani investigator said sunday .
roma coach luciano spalletti condemned the latest violence . it s difficult to give a comment on what has happened , said spalletti .
ahead of the meeting , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad said syria had stemmed the flow of foreign fighters across its border , a chief demand of the united states .
a recent poll by the pew research center found percent got most of their campaign news from the internet , compared with percent in .
attorney general john ashcroft and fbi director robert mueller are warning that al qaeda is preparing for a major attack in the coming months against the u . s .
when he s in this type of form he s up there with the best players in the world , gerrard said .
americans once believed in such values as diligence , prosperity , and progress .
but not every protection minded russian wants to employ a beefy guy in a wide shouldered suit .
it is one of the world s biggest markets for online games , with tens of millions of players , many of whom hunker down for hours in front of pcs in public internet cafes .
the acerbic judge had always made clear his affection for the year old backup singer turned diva from brentwood , tennessee , who delivered knockout performances week after week .
mugabe has led zimbabwe since the country won independence from the united kingdom in .
secretary of state condoleezza rice called iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki to express regret for the weekend killings , both governments said .
rdr s lawyer , anthony falzone , has defended the lexicon as a reference guide .
alongside predictable recordings , such as the overture to the flying dutchman by hitler favorite richard wagner , the collection included works by composers from russia , whose people were regarded as subhuman by nazi ideologues , according to the report .
porter , already is serving a year prison term for kidnapping his son , sam , , and daughter , lindsey , , to terrorize their mother .
meanwhile , arsenal turned on the style to beat portsmouth and underline why manager arsene wenger believes he can succeed without help from any russian billionaires .
the accord aimed at halting north korea s nuclear programs appeared at a standstill after the communist nation missed a december deadline to declare all its nuclear programs .
i thought i would come to support the soldiers and especially because prince harry was parading , she told pa .
among voters aged to , obama leads clinton percent , and among voters and older , clinton leads obama percent .
when lakshmi was born into a poor , rural indian family , villagers in the remote settlement of rampur kodar katti in the northern state of bihar believed she was sacred .
how to recharge your life seconds at a time .
biti told cnn the mdc believes challenger morgan tsvangirai won enough votes to force a run off election with mugabe .
north korea is to complete the disablement by the end of the year in return .
after consuming huge quantity of country made liquor , killing six people on the spot .
by comparison , the undersea tunnel that is now the world s longest the chunnel , linking britain and france is only miles long .
the second round of ticket sales has just been launched , and applicants will be randomly allocated seats .
nowak was apprehended a short time later as she was throwing her disguise into an airport trash bin , police said .
embattled world bank president paul wolfowitz agreed to resign thursday after weeks of controversy over his handling of a pay package for his girlfriend , a bank employee , the institution s board of directors announced thursday .
kosovo infuriated serbia by declaring its independence last month .
thailand s coup leaders are under fire for allegedly accepting extra payments that effectively double their salaries .
armstrong announced his comeback in september and joined the astana team .
sgt cardona s lawyers say they will press him for information about a trip he made to iraq to advise us officials on how to get better intelligence from detainees .
gaza officials say at least civilians have died since the invasion began .
her bid for the vice presidency ended more than two months ago , but alaska gov . sarah palin appears determined not to become a mere afterthought .
the coordinated train bombings struck the morning of march , , at atocha station in central madrid .
they took advantage of sweden s comprehensive registry of heart attacks to see if the disruptions to sleep and the body s internal clock caused by a time change had any effect on heart attacks from to .
this is an issue we have to face head on .
former president kim dae jung said north korea and the u . s . have to make up direct talks .
the social , political and economic turmoil has led to neglect of natural resources .
in chicago , a police spokeswoman estimated the crowd at , late in the afternoon .
korea association of information and telecommunication
the official did not directly respond to whether the united states applied strong pressure on both sides , saying only that both sides value our relationship and see the u . s . as a neutral player .
bush told reporters at a white house news conference that moveon . org s ad in the new york times about gen . david petraeus was a sorry deal . the september full page ad was titled general petraeus or general betray us ?
but support for the hd dvd waned as major movie studios sony sne pictures , walt disney dis , fortune co . , news corp . s nws , fortune twentieth century fox and warner bros . entertainment picked blu ray to distribute high def dvds .
but borders cannot be a means by which terrorists hide and engage in activities that kill innocent civilians , rice said after meeting with brazilian leaders on a two day trip to south america .
when the material is properly wrapped , according to maps of the wearer s body in motion , it creates a mobile , skeleton like shell that protects and supports the astronaut .
i never told anyone , the woman , now , said during cross examination at the trial of polygamous sect leader warren jeffs .
police said friday they have detained a supporter of conservative presidential candidate lee hoi chang on charges of assault , following a political dispute with a friend that turned violent .
it is located in the same building as reactor no .
to keep cholesterol under control , maintaining a healthy weight and diet is just as important as taking a daily pill .
the man complained to police when he discovered that his beloved online avatar was dead .
he said that the decision by some western powers to cut funding to the palestinian government since the militant group hamas won elections there was further proof of this anti islamic campaign .
after coming to power , communist china s founders eliminated many traditional festivals in an attempt to engineer a break with what they considered the feudal past .
physical therapist sarah knopf says the class popularity is due to many patients asking what else they can be doing to strengthen their bodies or overcome a health challenge quicker .
for alleged involvement with a terrorist network that moroccan police broke up last february , when they arrested people suspected of plotting attacks against moroccan government targets , it said .
kwon doo hwan , the defense ministry s chief policymaker on soldiers welfare , said the ministry has not yet received any official directive from the transition team on new english programs .
his alliance with republicans in the s was a key help in the elections of ronald reagan as president and many political leaders had sought his support .
kasparov s place on the march ballot was not assured .
the next two democratic contests are the wyoming caucuses on saturday and the mississippi primary on march .
it seems to me that i was playing against myself , surface and balls today , not against her , said kuznetsova , who had four aces and unforced errors . i played bad but nevertheless won the match .
if they had decided , as joe biden decided , that he was going to debate john mccain , and she decided she was going to give a stump speech to the american people , there s very little a moderator can do , other than say , no , no , no , listen , i asked a question , please , please , answers !
expected to cost more than billion in the first year , the combined united nations african union operation aims to quell violence in darfur , where more than . million people have been driven into camps and an estimated , have died over the last four years .
obama has dismissed the proposal , saying it s unlikely to help consumers or to become law , prompting clinton to accuse him of being out of touch with the hard working american consumer and the middle class .
the shooting was rare in a country where handguns are strictly banned and only four politicians are known to have been killed since world war ii .
the scene , who asked not to be named , told reuters by telephone .
the group bought , of airtime for the second ad to air in the battleground states of wisconsin , ohio and west virginia .
the list also includes korea university founder kim song su , kim hwal ran helen kim , first korean president of ewha woman s university and former owner of the chosun ilbo newspaper bang ung mo .
polanski attorneys move to get case dismissed
he has already served three years , according to his attorney , joseph tacopina .
sen . hillary clinton claimed victory in puerto rico on sunday and insisted that she is leading sen . barack obama in the popular vote .
one person was killed as dozens of mobile homes were destroyed or damaged by wind in south carolina .
people will support us if it appears as though what we re doing makes sense , we re accountable , and we re totally transparent .
officers used pepper spray and pushed several demonstrators to the ground when they tried to march onto a blocked street .
her grades have fallen , and so has the ax at home , where she argues with her father over phone bills as high as .
erakat is part of palestinian president mahmoud abbas delegation , which arrived at andrews air force base , maryland , on saturday night , as anxiety over possible palestinian concessions prompted protesters to take to the streets of gaza .
he also amended the constitution soon afterward to provide himself and the military blanket immunity for actions taken during the emergency rule .
state department spokesman sean mccormack expressed condolences to campbell s family and colleagues .
jacobovici has faced criticism much tougher than pfann s academic critique .
a better bet is one that smells fresh and clean , like jo malone s grapefruit candle .
iraq s prime minister nouri maliki was only given a five minute warning before meeting bush for talks at the us embassy in the fortified green zone .
the three year old online service ohmynews where the public reports on everything from local gossip to national politics has become such a high profile news outlet that roh moo hyun granted it his first interview after being inaugurated as president in february .
it also bundles megabytes of ram , a gigabyte hard drive , and two wireless networking connections .
the girl , shaloh joseph , was rushed to a hospital where she was pronounced dead of blunt force trauma to the head , cochran said .
sindh is bhutto s home province and was the main base of her support .
minutes later , residents started a candlelight march as a protest .
she showed an early interest in dance and soon displayed talent to match , joining the bolshoi immediately after graduating from the theater s developmental school .
moscow , russia cnn russia expects to sell at least three submarines to venezuela in a deal to be inked when president hugo chavez visits next month , russian news media reported friday .
a spokesman for the bancroft family declined to comment . dow jones representatives were not immediately available .
i have tried ever since he died to make his sacrifice meaningful , she wrote .
james zogby , president of the arab american institute , met with abdullah after the speech and later issued a statement calling the presentation smart and courageous .
individuals have been convicted of genocide in bosnia . the bosnian muslim leader expressed disappointment at the ruling , which was welcomed both in serbia and the bosnian serb republic .
the battle took place off the korean peninsula s western coast in the yellow sea after north korean patrol boats crossed the so called northern limit line .
cnn forbes list of the world s wealthy has named warren buffett the richest person on the planet , surpassing his friend and philanthropic partner bill gates who had held the title for consecutive years .
putting some of that bailout money on wheels , in a letter to treasury secretary paulson , house speaker pelosi , and senate majority leader reid , are asking the bush administration to provide more aid to the struggling auto industry .
park won . percent support , or , votes , defeating four other candidates .
p . m . et , about miles from the capital , guatemala city .
and supplies of gasoline rose by . million barrels , more than the . million barrel increase analysts had expected .
germany striker miroslav klose got the equaliser in the th minute , outjumping two defenders to head a franck ribery corner in at the far post .
the government and the ruling uri party agreed yesterday to reduce the property registration tax further in a bid to reduce the tax burden on individuals .
the girl started the sport when she was six and her father said her goal is to one day swim across the english channel .
the voting session marked the end of tumultuous weeks of debate between the rival parties as major bills involving controversial subjects were at stake .
and yet rather than stop it from happening , george bush s washington was an enabler , caving in to lobbyists and letting our economy go down a dangerous road .
she quit the show after three years , saying that putting on a miniature movie once a week was exhausting .
officers were called to the scene to break up the brawl .
an old dictum goes , boys and girls should not sit together in the same room after they turn seven .
seoul currently has an approximate . percent refusal rate , but has promised washington to lower the rate to percent .
the study is based on medical records and questionnaires given periodically to , health professionals from to .
in its last forecast , released last month , the energy department said prices will likely peak around . a gallon this spring
saiz insisted that spain s national security was never threatened , nor , he said , was there a threat to security at nato and the european union .
a team of un nuclear inspectors will soon be allowed to visit a north korean reactor at the centre of a key disarmament deal , reports say .
where was treasury before this money was paid out ?
abe s coalition will not be ousted from government by a loss in the upper house , since it has a huge majority in the more powerful lower chamber , which elects the premier .
london , england cnn passengers faced more travel misery at heathrow s new terminal sunday after heavy snow and continued baggage handling problems led to further cancellations and delays .
he said three of the five colombians are lawmakers .
but both remain divided over the key question of the north s nuclear program .
gm daewoo auto and technology co . s city car matiz also saw its sales rise by nearly percent from the previous year , leading to the prediction that the local small cars market is heading for a revival .
the negotiations have been held over the telephone , said ghazni police chief ali shah ahmadzai .
google launched the ambitious project september to help celebrate its th birthday .
korea s political parties and legal experts generally agreed that the nominees were an uncontroversial group of moderate conservatives .
in taitung county , around , households were out of power , but repairs are already taking place , said an official from taiwan s disaster center .
you can pick that up in their uneasiness and their language .
donnie halpin is the searcher who stumbled upon him
eight british nationals are believed to have died , according to foreign secretary david miliband .
gold , who worked most of monday on a laptop while traveling , plans to ask his company to buy him a backup smart phone from a rival like palm inc . , which makes the treo , in case blackberry service goes on the blink again .
these are the scourges of humanity , open and festering in every corner of the planet , although they are often ignored and sometimes deliberately concealed , wounds that torture the souls and bodies of countless of our brothers and sisters , he said , speaking over the sound of heavy rain in the square .
the violence began may , when lebanese internal security forces were conducting raids in a tripoli neighborhood , triggering clashes near the refugee camp .
the talks have been stalemated for months because of a boycott which north korea finally decided to end july .
the mm long arrow , whose angle of entry suggests it was shot from below , shattered otzi s scapula and ripped through nerves and major blood vessels , paralysing his left arm and causing massive internal bleeding .
you can meet people from all over the world here , feng said .
the agreement to open the railway service came on the second day of talks between south korean prime minister han duck soo and north korean premier kim yong il in seoul .
the cleric withdrew his support over al maliki s refusal to demand a timetable for the withdrawal of u . s . troops .
members of the technologically advanced group had more than twice the neural activation than their less experienced counterparts while searching online .
gambari left myanmar tuesday and is expected to brief the u . n . security council on his mission later this week .
the check s in the mail !
obama picks bible for inauguration , but what verse ?
the mosque and the two religious schools attached to it one for men , the other for women have been at the centre of a number of high profile incidents .
simpson was ordered to pay the families a total of . million for the deaths .
enron s downfall cost , employees their jobs and many of them their life savings , and led to billions of dollars of losses for investors .
former hostages who spent time with betancourt say they believe she has hepatitis b and suffers from depression .
the zero gravity flight in a modified jet creates the experience of microgravity during second plunges called parabolas over the atlantic ocean .
the company wants to make it easier for developers to create software that work with its products .
vaidisova broke henin as the belgian served for the first set at up but then surrendered her next serve to love .
betancourt could be freed with other hostages later , chavez said .
the australian associated press news agency reported that one boy said he and his friends were riding scooters when they heard about something in the water .
the victims could not escape from their cellblock after the attackers set fire to mattresses at the lockup in the town of ponte nova in the south central brazilian state of minas gerais , according to the web site of globo tv .
now , iraqi president saddam hussein has a pocket sized , white bound pamphlet filled with his words of wisdom .
so far , only the coen brothers no country for old men , which has dominated year end critics lists , appears to be a shoo in for a nomination .
today demonstrators took to the streets of the city
the supreme court is now examining whether the korean government and korea exchange bank officials had any part in manipulating the lender s value when lone star bought keb in .
during his speech , the pope then cardinal ratzinger quoted an austrian philosopher paul feyerabend , saying , at the time of galileo , the church remained more loyal or faithful to reason than galileo himself .
upon receiving the results , we ll take proper steps against china s provocation .
people around the world dimming their lights .
the unassuming ingvarsson , who speaks no english , did this just to provide the free hot water to a few farms in the area .
north korean state media reported that the agreement called only for a temporary suspension of pyongyang s nuclear program , according to wire reports .
the latest israeli airstrike targeted a rocket launching site outside jabaliya in northern gaza , killing one hamas militant and wounding three others , palestinian security sources said .
asked how long he ll keep going , fossett answered , i imagine that when i m years old and sitting in a wheelchair that i might do something like take a remote control airplane and try and fly it around the world . i plan to be setting and breaking records indefinitely .
christopher hill , assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs , told a news conference in washington on tuesday that he had no concrete plans to visit pyongyang but there will be preparatory discussions among the countries working to end the north korean nuclear standoff .
a boy playing with matches started a southern california wildfire that scorched more than , acres , the los angeles county sheriff s department said tuesday .
mauresmo has had a mixed season , after two months out with appendicitis earlier in the year but she displayed her grasscourt skills , combining delicate volleys with thumping groundstrokes , in front of a chilly centre court only two thirds full .
the prognosis is very serious , said a medical report issued by the virgen del rocio hospital in seville .
the decision will be referred to the u . n .
hotel heiress paris hilton walked out of a los angeles area jail early tuesday with a big smile on her face after serving days for violating her probation on a reckless driving conviction .
the allegation of mistreatment of prisoners makes the u . s . and coalition forces a legitimate enemy in the eyes of more arabs than was the case before , said anthony cordesman , an expert on middle east security issues at the center for strategic and international studies . the reported abuse of iraqi prisoners by u . s . soldiers threatens to undermine part of george w .
but wall street and the venture capitalists played a dangerous game with the companies by breaking an unspoken promise .
and again on wall street , latest on the dow , it is up points .
at least people were killed setting off a blaze that swept through four blocks of apartments and stores .
bogota , colombia cnn relatives and friends of the hundreds of men and women held hostage in the jungles of colombia held out hope for their release now that the leader of the country s largest leftist guerilla group is dead .
the blast killed one afghan truck driver and wounded three coalition soldiers , it said .
his plan for the phased withdrawal of australia s combat troops from iraq also poses challenges for canberra s relations with washington .
rutgers women s basketball team nappy headed hos , called jones a lovely
lee said the current security situation is very grave , even comparing it with the financial crisis in when south korea was enrolled in the imf tutelage program .
the police chief has refused to resign after the deaths of two farmers , allegedly after injuries they sustained in battles with police during a protest in seoul last month .
they also contain heart healthy omega fatty acids .
there is a very passionate scene in the film , which we filmed last week , kingsley , who won the best actor oscar for s gandhi , tells the syndicated tv show access hollywood in an interview scheduled to air wednesday .
frightened residents fled their homes and at least one hotel in ternate was evacuated .
all other parameters of the missile would remain the same , the report cited natrajan as saying .
former president alberto fujimori was convicted and sentenced to six years in prison on tuesday on a charge of abuse of authority stemming from an illegal search he ordered as his government imploded in scandal seven years ago .
it was the first state to make it a holiday .
the protesters stripped off their outer clothes at a . m . to show red t shirts emblazoned with the slogan stop airport expansion .
oil industry analyst trilby lundberg says the national average has dropped to . a gallon .
movies cost an average of million each to make and market , and hollywood churns out a couple hundred of them each year .
the boss and the piano man are teaming up for the one some call the one .
the grammy winning winehouse has suffered a string of health problems in recent years , many related to her battles with drug addiction .
we feel sorry that this kind of thing happened and the party issued a strong warning to kim .
the merger moves come during troubled times for ba , which saw its pretax profits fall by percent in the first half of this year , a loss it blamed on high oil prices and troubled financial markets .
of the u . s . deaths , , came in hostile circumstances and in non combat situations .
it has developed a nuclear weapon .
maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust acknowledged that it had not been prepared for an outbreak of that size and complexity but had learned from the mistakes .
authorities have said that they will incorporate suggestions from businesses and the public in the final plan .
a systems , a spinout of research from the massachusetts institute of technology , said it would produce the batteries at a new facility in michigan .
the marine is identified on the video and in other internet postings as a lance corporal stationed at marine corps base hawaii in kaneohe .
castro transferred powers to his brother ra uacute l after receiving treatment for intestinal problems in .
carmen colon was thrilled at the prospect of sending her year old son to the school .
the incident marked the second school building collapse in the country in less than a week .
we re witnessing a dramatic shift of history , as the center of the world , economic stage , moves from west to east , from the atlantic to the pacific .
the fbi said it learned in that she had passed information to a chinese intelligence officer but the matter was left to smith to handle .
there were times , obviously , when my political campaign was not viewed as the most viable in america , as you probably know , he told reporters in san antonio , texas . in fact , i was reminded of the words of chairman mao , who said it s always darkest before it s totally black .
saakashvili resigned as president in november , leaving speaker of the parliament nino burjanadze to temporarily fill the post .
change your life .
a farewell that ended friday when she didn t make the weekend field
before he was let go as mariners general manager , bill bavasi was telling his bosses that the team s problem was the players , not manager john mclaren .
an exhibition of genius .
in the second incident , a coalition attack on militants planting a roadside bomb in eastern afghanistan killed two civilians , including a child , an afghan official said monday .
freetown , sierra leone cnn sierra leone counted votes on sunday from its first elections since u . n . peacekeepers left two years ago and early results showed a run off might be needed to choose the new president .
in utah , wind gusts saturday were expected to reach up to mph , fanning the flames even more .
indiana and north carolina hold primaries may , the next date on the primary calendar in what has become a protracted and , at times , bruising fight for the democratic nomination .
a diplomatic source familiar with the circumstances said yesterday that tokyo was still debating whether to accept the visit by yu , whose message of regret was not at the expected level of an apology .
big island , hawaii
voters are choosing mayors and other local leaders in more than , towns and cities nationwide .
o people of gaza , with your patience you are drawing the features of a new future .
until we provide them with support and alternative accommodation , they cannot move and the schools cannot operate .
in the worst attack , a suicide bomber killed people at a mosque in baladruz , north east of baghdad .
yoon was an army sergeant at the time he was killed in a bomb attack at the main gate of a u . s . military base in bagram , some kilometers north of the afghan capital , kabul . he was posthumously promoted to staff sergeant .
suspected taliban ambushed a u . s . led coalition and afghan patrol in the volatile south , sparking a battle and airstrikes that killed insurgents , officials said monday .
that are kind of doing us a favor .
macau is the only place in china where gambling is legal .
the deal was intended to end several weeks of chaos and violence in the once stable country that followed the disputed december election .
it comes as a judge in hartlepool magistrates court in northeast england granted police another hours to question john darwin , . police had sought a warrant for an extension of his detention .
com blames a big piece of this on the recession
in march , the olympic committee picked tromsoe , about kilometers miles north of the arctic circle , as norway s candidate city over the central norwegian city of trondheim and the capital oslo , which hosted the winter games .
there s a new report out on racial profiling in los angeles .
warren jeffs , the year old leader and prophet of the , member flds , was convicted in utah last year on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in .
lee also said he has neither expertise on how to manipulate stock prices nor did he conduct the illegal business deals .
on may , , hillary and tenzing norgay , a sherpa guide , became the first men to climb the , feet to the top of everest and safely return .
hundreds killed and injured in a series of bomb attacks in iraq .
waterways have been polluted and wild animals have been killed .
a trial that began in february ended with convictions last october against defendants , including about a dozen islamic extremists for their roles in the attacks and also some spaniards convicted of supplying explosives used in the bombings .
the incident has triggered a crisis among the three countries , as venezuela president hugo chavez also ordered battalions of troops to the colombian border and the closure of venezuela s embassy in bogota .
the team s name comes from the italian word gamba which means leg , and the japanese word gambaru which is interpreted as meaning to stand firm or to do your best .
he told nbc last week that obama , the current democratic front runner , is the party s likely nominee .
mitag roared into the coastal town of palanan in isabela province late sunday , its sustained wind slightly weakening but remaining deadly at kilometers miles per hour with gusts of up to kph mph , government forecaster noel trigonero said .
roy keane has resigned after two years in charge of sunderland , the premier league club announced on thursday .
the korea herald reports the gap between the two political heavyweights once shrunk to single digits in some polls amid increased scrutiny from lee s adversaries concerning his vast wealth and key campaign pledge of building a cross country waterway .
tnt is a unit of time warner , cnn s parent company .
the problem is most foreign countries don t have insurance .
then the two men escaped , she said .
it was unclear how much energy the north was demanding , with reports varying from million kilowatts of electricity an amount equal to all of north korea s current generating capacity to million tons of heavy fuel oil .
shuttle discovery will be docked with the international space station for the next days .
secretary general ban ki moon yesterday voiced concern over talk in japan of a nuclear weapons program following north korea s test last month .
another presidential candidate , john edwards , a former u . s . senator and vice presidential
earlier , the dow lost more than points to plunge to a session low at , . .
urged cambodia to help stamp out the trafficking of women and children for sex slavery addressing cambodia s national assembly in the capital phnom penh , high commissioner for human rights said the time had come to bring an end to the trade , which afflicts an estimated , women and children in the region every year .
the united auto workers union president ron gettlefinger tells abc s this week if the measure doesn t pass , then the car companies are in big trouble
after minutes across a stony meadow , we reached hirli , a lone building a few hundred feet up .
baragona , a west point graduate , was years old and the highest ranking soldier to have died in the war at the time .
we followed campbell and about other amateur spies to a ridge on public land where part of area is actually exposed to public view .
elections are due by mid january , but there were fears they might be abandoned because of the crisis .
however , their scores are points higher than university students and . points higher than the . scored among graduate students over the same period .
minimum voting age would also be cut from years to years .
the top israeli health official has a beef over the whole swine flu thing
hillary clinton and barack obama haven t crossed paths yet during their weekend barnstorming across pennsylvania , but they have invoked each other s names at virtually every whistle stop during the final blitz before tuesday s primary .
the seoul government , which has remained cautious on relevant matters in consideration of diplomatic relations with japan , seems to have shifted gears following the japanese central government s hands off attitude regarding the shimane prefectural council s move to lay claim to south korea s easternmost islets .
earlier yousuf had told reuters that patience was running out and said rebel prisoners must be freed by gmt on wednesday .
she has denied these photos , and they have continued to surface , and then she s going on and campaigning for these different organizations that aren t affiliated with the miss california organization , so there s just so many different things going on .
the nato led coalition there still needs aircraft , medical equipment and military trainers to bolster its planned spring assault against the taliban , according to the u . s . military .
the daily reported that in the united states and japan reached an agreement on the plan .
state officials inspected the crane friday and found no violations .
bush plans to announce his selection wednesday and expects the bank s board to accept it , the administration official said .
while saddam challenged the court s authority during his court session , many of his former lieutenants addressed the judge politely .
the union of south korean employees of the usfk is about to strike for its sudden cut off decision .
ferry service and flights were halted across the coastal region .
new delhi , india cnn one out of every three families living below the poverty level in india paid a bribe last year for basic public services , like admitting a family member into a hospital , according to a new report .
if the state justices rule in favor of the plaintiffs , california would become the second state to allow same sex couples to legally wed . massachusetts adopted the practice in , and gay couples don t need to be state residents to wed there .
authorities have given few details about a torch ceremony monday at in tiananmen square , the heart of china s capital .
a drive by rally just concluded here in tampa , then onto tennessee , indiana , pennsylvania , new mexico , nevada , all states seen as being in play .
odell s iron lung , similar to those used during the u . s . polio epidemics that peaked in the s , was a cylindrical chamber with a seal at the neck .
it was the worst gun massacre in us history .
after being restored in the late s and following the end of communist rule in romania , it gained popularity as a tourist attraction known as dracula s castle .
the united states calls upon the regime to release all political prisoners in burma and begin a genuine dialogue with aung san suu kyi .
the automakers are asking for about billion in loans to help them survive until .
we recently hired a new , young female nurse , said hansamm s headmaster , yoon chong sok .
the assailant aimed at the president from about feet away , but another young boy about years old maybe one feet away jumped to prevent him , spokesman mohamed shareef said .
dutch brewer heineken reported a . percent rise in its first half operating profit to million euros . billion after expansion in emerging markets including russia , but warned of higher input costs ahead .
a summit of southern african leaders , meeting to discuss zimbabwe s electoral stalemate , concluded sunday with a weak declaration that appealed for a quick release of the results and the conclusion that the country is not in crisis .
then there s fox s the sarah connor chronicles , drawn from the terminator movie franchise , and new amsterdam , with a new york detective who was made immortal by an indian spell cast in . .
the us and n korea have a long history of mutual distrust , and analysts say the concert is a remarkable display of cultural diplomacy .
we are prepared to strike them when the evil forces are planning their activities , he told xinhua .
matteo garrone s gomorrah , a study of the criminal underworld in naples , took the grand prize , while paolo sorrentino s il divo , a lively portrait of former premier giulio andreotti , won the jury award .
health minister ann keen said the failures , which led to the deaths of patients over a year period , must not be repeated .
the price of basic commodities are being driven up by middlemen , while farmers and producers earnings remain flat , activists said at protests in rome , milan and palermo .
in fact , it is believed that the alleged assailant may have been on his rd tour to iraq .
pelosi said the us commitment in iraq had no end in sight and there should be no more blank checks .
italian politicians later threatened to suspend all domestic fixtures in the wake of the violence .
i think there s very little that i can say that isn t anything but the utmost praise for a great american citizen , who served as a role model to so many millions of people in this country and around the world .
there are food shortages .
kcna also said the explosion left many victims deaf and blind and destroyed at least , homes and more than public buildings . a south korean ship brimming with instant noodles , blankets and bottled water sailed wednesday for north korea as an international effort intensified to help thousands injured or left homeless in last week s deadly train explosion .
andy roddick used his strong serve to upset rafael nadal to reach the semifinals of the dubai tennis championships .
it also said there were fears that abusive systems , such as the ability to jail a crime suspect for up to four years without trial , were being used to detain petty criminals , vagrants and drug addicts in an effort to clean up beijing for the games .
by the time that commission had led to the gates of paradise job , ghiberti s workshop had become the place in which donatello , masolino , uccello and other key artists of the era would be trained .
using the european southern observatory telescope in atacama , chile , the astronomers detected the presence of a rare variety of lithium in the star .
it also developed the database for the criminal records bureau , combining data from british police departments , and has significant contracts with government departments .
the researchers said the benefits may result in part from reductions in blood pressure and body fat achieved through weight training .
the mumbai attacks were ordered by india s most wanted man , dawood ibrahim , a muslim , to avenge the razing of a th century mosque by hindu zealots in and subsequent hindu muslim riots in india , police say .
organizers said demonstrators were hurt , of them seriously .
on january , rescuers successfully retrieved a six year old boy from a foot well in the southern indian state of karnataka .
the humba group had nine members at last count , said pierre peron of virunga national park , and experts are eager to see how many it now includes .
the dollar was mixed against major currencies monday , as a light trading day left markets largely inactive , and middle east conflict raised concerns about oil and commodities .
in a june video , the group holding johnston repeated its demand for britain to free muslim prisoners , particularly the islamist cleric abu qatada .
ahmadinejad s speech came on what iran called its national nuclear feast , designed to send a message to the world that the nation will not halt its nuclear activities despite calls for it to do so from many western governments , particularly the united states , and sanctions imposed by the u . n . security council .
i have never had a fight with any director , good or bad , she said toward the end of her career . there is a way around everything if you are smart enough .
dianne was one of the kindest and most considerate people you could meet . she was always concerned about others and their well being , said frank mcmeen , president of the west tennessee health care foundation , which helped raise money for equipment and nursing assistance for odell .
nasa selected schirra as one of the first group of astronauts , along with gordon cooper , scott carpenter , john glenn , alan shepard , gus grissom and deke slayton . space pioneer history
security experts say the cleric is a founding member of regional islamic militant group jemaah islamiah .
al libi was thought to have been involved in the february bombing at bagram air base in afghanistan while vice president dick cheney was visiting .
warm hands do make warm hearts
the furry robot looks somewhat like a rabbit with no eyes , nose or mouth .
senior u . s . officials said u . s . ambassador to pakistan anne patterson and other senior ambassadors including britain s met with musharraf on monday to raise washington s concerns with the heavy handed measures taken in lahore , where police , wielding batons , clashed with lawyers and journalists monday outside the courthouse .
bob dylan is not at the toronto international film festival .
the tribal leader said the body of a sunni sheikh , who was from the al azza tribe , was later found near where the kidnapping took place .
modesto ranked fifth last year in auto thefts per , population , according to the nicb .
they shared the view that a working holiday program is playing a great role in strengthening mutual understanding and friendship among the younger generation .
he said that he basically agreed with house speaker nancy pelosi , who on march stated if the votes of the superdelegates overturn what s happened in the elections , it would be harmful to the democratic party .
then all participants spoke for a few minutes about a recent event that made them angry or stressed .
genetic tests by researchers at the u . s . national cancer institute revealed that the clouded leopard of borneo and sumatra islands is a unique cat species and not the same one found in mainland southeast asia as long believed , said a statement by wwf , the global conservation organization .
the court then adjourned to sort out the language issue .
even with the weak dollar making his trip to new york a bargain , london resident mike jones still found the price tag on his brooklyn hotel room shocking .
according to skyonic ceo joe david jones , the system will be powered by waste heat from factories , and will produce food grade baking soda .
because with a beeper they re free to wander around while they wait .
saudi arabia could have helped the united states prevent al qaeda s attacks on new york and washington if american officials had consulted saudi authorities in a credible way , the kingdom s former ambassador said in a documentary aired thursday .
campaigners for the so called stolen generations had asked for a reparation fund of almost m as part of a promised official apology .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld is here to tell us about it
ribery was again the creator , cutting the ball back for podolski to score his second goal of the game from close range .
he had pride in his feats .
petraeus said that campaign has largely met its military goals , reducing sectarian killings by more than percent nationwide and by more than percent in baghdad .
the world s largest toymaker recalled more than million chinese made toys this month because of hazards from small magnets that can cause injury if swallowed , just two weeks after it recalled . million toys due to fears over lead paint .
delegates at the six party north korea talks have reached a tentative deal , the us nuclear negotiator has said .
london , england cnn how do you make a good travel experience out of a business trip ?
greenprint , software that analyzes what a computer sends to a printer .
some residents , populated largely by immigrants and their french born children , accused police of fleeing the crash scene .
sixteen teams in four groups are competing in the world cup in five chinese cities .
the baltimore museum of art celebrated the art of tattooing recently with a panel discussion among prominent tattoo artists , a runway show displaying the strongest output from local shops and high minded discussions of the importance of body art among african tribes and japanese laborers .
the ethiopians left the bodies of six elderly men outside the mosque around noon sunday and were separating men and boys from the neighborhoods and arresting them , the witness said .
zapeta said , no . he wanted all his money .
the new plan will come after several different military reviews , along with an in house study at the white house .
delegates at a whaling conference in japan are expected to begin discussing how to reform the international whaling commission on wednesday , even though more than half the organization s members were boycotting the meeting .
about , people have bailed around myrtle beach , south carolina , because of a wildfire that s been burning since yesterday and is still growing today .
an eu official said michael semple , who had been the acting head of the eu mission in afghanistan , had also left the country .
tv images showed flames and smoke billowing from the boeing , and the pilot jumping out of the cockpit window as the plane exploded .
on saturday north korea s lead nuclear envoy said his government would not close its main yongbyon nuclear facility until all million of its frozen money frozen at banco delta asia was released , the associated press reported .
the two bodies , which cuddle closely while facing each other on their sides , were probably buried at the same time , an indication of a possible sudden and tragic death , bondioli said .
take a disease like cholera , lautenbacher said .
the world s agricultural production is projected to decrease by percent by due to global warming , the report said , with land used for certain crops shrinking .
the israelis warned them to stop , but the lebanese forces fired at the israelis , the military sources said .
i wonder , will our country live to see the moment when stalin is perceived as an ordinary person , instead of as either the devil incarnate or the father of the peoples ?
earlier , london s ftse ended down amid banking sector fears
he told them that if they understood the reasons any south korean president , regardless of his political leanings , was fated to keep talking to pyongyang , korea would not seem such an insecure place .
retailers are hoping a lot of people are going online today to shop it s cyber monday , the web version of black friday .
but to gauge the effects of improved human capital , economists need to be able to measure it .
a spokeswoman for the aena airport authority , which controls spain s airports , said the airport had been evacuated and closed to outgoing and incoming flights .
secretary of state condoleezza rice
for an empire that survived for over a thousand years , comparatively little survives of byzantium s artistic glory
the gunmen followed the guards when they left the cafe , and shot them while they were getting into their car , she said .
israeli defense minister ehud barak approved the fuel cuts thursday as part of a plan by israeli security officials looking to stem rocket attacks on southern israel .
hyundai automotive group said yesterday its chairman chung mong koo and his only son eui sun will offer their glovis co .
zimbabwe s government monday began releasing the results of the weekend parliamentary vote , but offered no data on the hotly contested presidential race .
light , sweet crude for july delivery edged cents lower to settle at . .
they call out my kids by name , shove cameras in their faces , pitt said .
at that time , lee paid fines and quit his parliamentary seat after a court ruled that he had spent more than permissible on his campaign prior to the general elections .
we don t get to remember this in years time , are we ?
the two suspects were arrested last thursday in rawalpindi , the headquarters of pakistan s military leadership outside islamabad , where bhutto was killed , cheema said .
gandalf in the lord of the rings trilogy
israel s cabinet on sunday approved the release of palestinian prisoners to boost ties between the jewish state and fatah party leader and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , an israeli official told cnn .
authorities have said that fatah al islam militants who have been arrested and interrogated have confessed there was a plan to attack the un .
officials say five of his classmates are sick and hospitalized , while others are displaying similar flu like symptoms .
ten percent in the latest poll said they believe both factors play a role in someone s homosexuality . three percent said neither , and percent had no opinion .
opposition parties have announced the indefinite extension of a general strike and protests against the king .
treasury prices rose , lowering the corresponding yields , as investors sought safety in government debt .
amid a discussion of trade in , chinese leader mao zedong made what secretary of state henry kissinger called a novel proposition sending tens of thousands , even million , chinese women to the united states .
united nations cnn u . n . secretary general ban ki moon has called for the immediate and unconditional release of the head of the world food programme s mogadishu office after his arrest , a spokesman said .
cole hamels , chase utley and the rest of the philadelphia phillies shook off a week s worth of waiting and turned it into a world series win .
the government regards north korea s missile firing as merely a part of its ordinary military training , presidential spokesman lee dong kwan told yonhap .
we have great expectations from the united states , we are at the point where words have been exhausted and where there is need for action , babacan said .
it was all the more colorful hearing it from a toronto based nurse who looked and sounded like your grandmother .
by the time douglas arrived , all that could be seen of the dog was its hind legs and tail .
my wife was not pregnant during the time period under concern , he added .
rogers cowan , the publicity firm that represents cruise , issued a statement criticizing morton for not interviewing one person who has known or worked with tom in the past years .
he went on to say they re very concerned .
us stocks have tumbled amid fears that problems in the mortgage market may prompt a global credit crunch .
the u . n . high commissioner for refugees estimates that about . million iraqis have either fled the country or left their homes for a safer place inside iraq amid intense sectarian violence .
soldiers lowered the australian flag that had flown over camp terendak in the southern iraqi city of talil .
scaling the heights of success .
it is neither necessary nor nutritious .
with a glitzy name like surfers paradise , it s hard to expect more from this gold coast town than beachy souvenir shops and all you can eat pancakes .
the year old wilson was taken by ambulance to a hospital last week after police responded to a call about a suicide attempt at his santa monica home .
at the time , nasa engineers were so concerned the ice could damage the shuttle wing during re entry that they ordered the astronauts aboard discovery to use the shuttle s robot arm to break off the ice ball .
a german film fund said on thursday it will grant subsidies worth . million euros . million for a controversial new film in which tom cruise plays a german hero executed for trying to kill hitler .
yahoo yhoo , fortune reported revenue of . billion in the quarter ended sept . , an increase of from the . billion in the same quarter one year ago .
the commission had decided to hold the election on august th , but karzai has asked that the balloting be held to days before may nd .
that is the decision which the president mahmoud abbas adopted and so israel should know that this aggression won t just pass and the continuous israeli provocation and aggression upon the palestinian people won t lead to peace .
our conversations in yemen have led us to the conclusion that the attack was directed against our embassy , according to a statement released tuesday evening . since this is an ongoing investigation , we are not going to talk about the specifics of the case .
in a statement titled an embuggerance on the web site of discworld illustrator paul kidby , pratchett says that he has been diagnosed with what he terms a very rare form of early onset alzheimer s .
north korea renewed its demand for the long running dispute over the western sea border to be addressed .
a second retired british general slammed the united states over its iraq policy , saying in a newspaper interview published sunday that it had been fatally flawed .
oil prices spiked to a record . a barrel after a japanese oil tanker was attacked in middle eastern waters , off the east coast of yemen .
the eight staffers said they hold themselves responsible in the collective resignation offer , which was delivered to lee by his chief of staff , according to lee dong kwan , a spokesman for the president s office .
roh hoe chan made a seven page document available to the press it is purportedly an administration analysis of u . s . efforts to allow its troops here to be sent to other regional trouble spots if necessary .
pennsylvania is the next battleground for the democrats . it holds its primary on april and has delegates at stake .
sharma said three prison guards and two inmates were wounded in the shooting .
it was not clear from his comments whether the baby was a boy or a girl .
anderson , , wore a white denim valentino dress , according to a report on people magazine s web site .
the sedative effects of the heroin and the nighttime sleep aids make for a deadly brew .
when he left , he had four to five hours of fuel for flight , said ryan .
we need to find a way to dig out of it .
the ruling uri party yesterday proposed a sharp increase in government spending next year to revitalize investment and consumption , even at the risk of a budget deficit .
president roh , korea should be a stabilizer for east asia .
after customs officials seized the money , they turned zapeta over to the immigration and naturalization service .
is to try to be unbroken .
the ministry of civil affairs said at least , homes have been crushed and another , damaged , according to xinhua .
the new date will give nasa a bit more time to get shuttle endeavour off the launch pad during what is shaping up to be a busy time for rocket launches at the eastern test range , which includes the kennedy space center and cape canaveral air force station .
if what is past is prologue , as shakespeare famously wrote a quote now engraved in front of the national archives , he might opt for the popular presidential theme of repentance .
the year old actor is featured on the cover of people s annual issue , on newsstands friday .
the were being held in the eastern chadian city of abeche and were expected to be transferred to the capital , n djamena , later in the week , vincent said .
the police official said he had never heard of a skinny dipper causing a stir in the palace moat before .
more than , people have died in the four provinces since an insurgency erupted in , fueled by accusations of decades of misrule by the central government .
according to the coalition , the attack was a complex ambush with the convoy coming under small arms fire from several directions after the initial bombing in nangarhar province , near jalalabad .
earlier , the u . s . military reported that through thursday , troops had killed al qaeda militants in baquba .
jakarta , indonesia cnn an indonesian man died of bird flu , bringing the death toll in the country worst hit by the virus to , a health ministry official said friday .
cristiano ronaldo fired manchester united into the champions league quarterfinals on tuesday when his second leg goal at old trafford clinched a aggregate triumph over lyon .
this is a very important crackdown , and it is dealing with the most disgusting criminal acts against the most helpless members of society .
only have been caught .
the red shirts , as they re commonly known because of their favored color want the parliament dissolved and new elections held .
making sure that afghanistan doesn t provide a capability in the long run , or an environment in which al queda could return , or the taliban could return .
she also said said nine hostages were released early in the incident and taken to safety . she said a year old woman from new south wales was not immediately released and that chinese police had to intervene to rescue her .
speaking at bush s ranch in crawford , texas , merkel said the threat posed by a potential nuclear program in iran is a serious one .
buenos aires , argentina cnn argentine farm groups went on strike wednesday for the third time in nearly three months to protest high export taxes .
obama , speaking at a news conference , also announced the nomination of gary gensler to serve on the u . s . commodity futures trading commission and dan tarullo to fill one of the vacancies on the federal reserve board .
one the house passed last week , but with a tougher deadline .
dodd calls yesterday s senate vote a great day for consumers , but adds that doesn t mean we re free and clear to be irresponsible with our cards
the dead included iraqi troops , police , civilians and militiamen , the official said .
the agency will have to address the matter sooner or later , said paul root wolpe , a bioethicist at the university of pennsylvania who has advised nasa since .
i deemed it was time for a person of greater caliber to come to this post , as all the past achievements on inter korean reconciliation and the security of the peninsula are mired in a political rift due to the north korean nuclear test , unification minister lee jong seok said in a meeting with reporters .
a survey conducted as part of the annual sunshine week campaign says that there s some important data missing .
rope handholds to clutch when the mountain trail shrinks to less than a foot wide .
under the plea agreement , in return for mohamed s guilty plea , six other charges against him were dropped .
meanwhile , afp quoted a government source as saying that zoellick s experience and long career in international trade , finance and diplomacy make him uniquely prepared to take on this challenge .
studies have shown that walking for thirty minutes a day can delay and possibly prevent the development of type two diabetes .
it also has a grayer fur , and a double dorsal stripe .
windows operating systems run on more than percent of the world s computers and represent the redmond , washington based company s biggest profit driver .
seoul , south korea cnn president elect lee myung bak said thursday he would not shy away from criticizing north korea s authoritarian regime , the day after his landslide win ended a decade of liberal rule that has fostered unprecedented reconciliation on the divided peninsula , the associated press reported .
however , he says , reduction in brain mass is an interesting finding .
earlier this month officials cleared him over a stock price manipulation case involving an ex business partner .
a pup born at a nebraska zoo came from an egg that developed in a female shark without sperm from a male .
us democratic front runners hillary clinton and barack obama have traded accusations over a photo of obama circulating on the internet .
rita with winds of km h lashed northern cuba and the low lying us island chain known as the florida keys on tuesday .
kyaw thu went into hiding when his colleague , zarganar , a comedian known for his anti government jibes , was arrested september .
while not invisible to radar , the f s shape and coating greatly reduced its detection .
naval air service mechanic henry allingham is the oldest , having turned in june .
the resolution has been proposed and supported by members , more than one third of the total house lawmakers .
under a deal made in february , north korea is required to hand over a list of all its nuclear facilities , materials and programs by december .
he is the fifth person to be targeted by the court , set up to bring surviving leaders of the khmer rouge to justice .
since the average women already lives to be over , while the average man lives to be about , women are slowing in their rate of increase because they are so close to the limit .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraq s top shiite religious leaders have told anti american cleric muqtada al sadr not to disband his mehdi army , an al sadr spokesman said monday amid fresh fighting in the militia s baghdad strongholds .
sergeant john russell allegedly killed two doctors and three other people , after being brought into the clinic for treatment .
joined by ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador to iraq , petraeus will begin his testimony monday before a joint session of the house foreign affairs and armed services committees .
baghdad , iraq cnn a sunni member of iraq s parliament is in custody after his arrest during a u . s . iraqi military raid on a suspected al qaeda in iraq gathering , u . s . military and iraqi officials said friday .
in the national assembly s audit of the tax authority , nts commissioner lee ju sung said that the tax agency will wrap up its investigations by the end of the year .
miliband said the u . s . government had assured britain that no u . s . detainees were ever held on diego garcia .
save the children is calling for a global watchdog to tackle the problem and said it was working with the u . n . to establish local mechanisms that will allow victims to easily report abuse .
tokyo ap with the economy in the doldrums for years and unemployment at a record high , japanese are racking up debts , falling prey to loan sharks and declaring bankruptcy by the thousands .
karzai has ruled out exchanging jailed taliban fighters for hostages , since coming under heavy criticism for afghan
it has argued the koguryo kingdom and palhae kingdom , which then existed in today s china s northeastern territory , were part of china s ancient history .
scuffles broke out several times along the route in seoul between demonstrators and chinese students waving their country s red flag .
the president of open doors usa says that is israel battles hamas and gaza the gaza baptist church has been severely damaged .
despite growing international pressure , pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , gave no indication that he will lift his emergency declaration before upcoming parliamentary elections , telling reporters , i don t take any ultimatums from anyone .
the talks had been scheduled to take place in august .
garcia said one of the priorities was ordering at least coffins .
the opposition party said roh s remarks in an interview with the hankyoreh newspaper on june were a breach of the law .
released by the weinstein co . , grindhouse fell well short of expectations .
which is the wrong approach according to new york times magazine writer nicholas leeman , author of the recent article titled , rebuilding the ghetto doesn t work .
the residence is also where korea s first electric light was installed and lit in .
google knows that you might do something like that , and it also knows which u . s . state you re in .
the sooners and gators play for the national championship on january .
korea exchange bank said it yesterday will introduce deposit accounts denominated in chinese yuan this month , the first among domestic lenders .
chief u . n . arms inspector hans blix has given iraq until saturday to begin destroying the missiles , which can carry a warhead of kilograms pounds , as well as component parts .
health authorities were searching for three others who were also seated near the man , kim said .
a year old girl in chiba regained consciousness after falling into a coma , and her mother , two brothers and a sister were in serious condition , chiba police official masaru hiratsu said .
a chinese court on sunday sentenced a television reporter to one year in jail for fabricating a report that beijing dumpling makers used cardboard as a filling .
supporters in chicago cheering , yes , we can were met with cries of yes , we did .
despite the shadow cast by the specter of war , christmas festivities were well under way at the vatican on christmas eve , with the traditional unveiling of the life sized nativity scene in st . peter s square , depicting the birth of jesus in a bethlehem manger .
but for the ultimate alpine joyride , grab a private gondola at aiguille du midi and continue on to italy for what must be europe s most breathtaking border crossing .
medvedev said in his speech that russia has no problems with the american people .
u . s . officials in washington say defense secretary donald h . rumsfeld is considering sending an aircraft carrier to the waters off the korean peninsula and adding bombers in guam .
ceremonies have been taking place to mark the first anniversary of the devastating indian ocean tsunami .
dispatching rescue helicopters from venezuela on friday , chavez joked that stone was president bush s emissary to the operation , while stone called chavez a great man .
the government will send unarmed military engineer units and policemen to the area near camp humphreys , to seize control of the taechuri primary school that protesters have turned into a makeshift headquarters , a ministry spokesman said .
following a swearing in ceremony , kibaki insisted the elections were free and fair and called upon opposition parties to set aside their differences and to let us all work together to build consensus .
spokesman tony fratto says there s more evidence this morning of a credit squeeze on small businesses and municipalities all across the country .
manchester united striker wayne rooney is likely to be out of action for two months after breaking his left foot against reading on sunday .
the report was based on an eavesdropped conversation between hong and samsung vice chairman lee hak soo , as both men allegedly discussed how to distribute the slush funds .
more than , people died and a half million displaced from their homes in the violence .
while he supports president bush s decision to oust saddam hussein and his regime in iraq , former president bill clinton says the timing was all wrong .
his widow , zhu chun yun , blames his death on the brown and rust colored water from the river , which farmers use to irrigate their crops .
this is raising the burden for household loans with floating rates .
but trade experts and other observers were not fully convinced that the comment , the first of its kind that kim has made , was a discussion of hypotheticals .
nadia suleyman says she can t find her year old son
south korea has ordered schools to close and drivers in south west japan have been warned about low visibility from the dust clouds .
the evaluation of the environmental impact of large scale projects necessarily uses environmental expertise intensively .
hong kong fishermen sailed dozens of boats around the harbor , flying the chinese flag high to show their patriotism .
south african president thabo mbeki called for an investigation into the violence .
the taliban killed two male hostages and have long said they would kill others unless their demands were met .
thieves broke into the sao paulo museum of art and made off with paintings by pablo picasso and candido portinari in a brazen heist lasting three minutes thursday morning .
the dow jones industrial average added in the first half hour of trading .
but her reluctance , she quickly adds , doesn t have as much to do with avoiding the paparazzi as it does with leaving louisiana .
banco delta asia bda , a macanese bank , had frozen the funds after it was accused by the treasury in september of laundering money for pyongyang and abetting the communist regime s illicit financial activities .
, advised dr . nieca goldberg , author of women are not small men . you don t want to go to a doctor who says , now , honey , it s not all that bad .
twenty five years ago , carnegie mellon university professor scott e . fahlman says , he was the first to use three keystrokes a colon followed by a hyphen and a parenthesis as a horizontal smiley face in a computer message .
but when she let slip she was a lesbian , the kennel owner who is also a woman put an end to the sale .
north korean officials have invited rock guitarist eric clapton to play a concert in the communist state , a diplomat at the country s embassy in london said tuesday .
additionally , many of them regard the current economic conditions as the worst in six years since the financial crisis , the bank of korea bok reported wednesday .
after maneuvering to gain contact with the enemy force , u . s . special forces requested coalition air support to engage the taliban fighters as they were attempting to establish ambush positions , the coalition said .
he hopes it will be big enough to be seen on google earth .
roma maybe did not play one or two or three games very well here in italy , but they have very good players and when you give them chances like tonight they re tough to stop .
and that is much more than expected , jon .
the pattern of recent attacks also suggested a link to the tribal region along the border , where al qaida and taliban militants are believed to operate , he added .
nowak has said she went to the airport solely to talk to shipman , who had been dating nowak s former love interest , navy cmdr . bill oefelein , who was also an astronaut .
the international atomic energy agency said in a report to the security council and its nation board that tehran also has continued to build a heavy water reactor and related facilities which , along with enrichment could help it develop nuclear arms .
i apologize here and now as prime minister , he said .
and many in the united states were angered by abe s recent comments that appeared to minimize japan s role in the sexual enslavement of thousands of asian women during world war ii .
i have no illusions about the farc , but it looks like they are a peasant army fighting for a decent living , stone said in an interview with the associated press at his hotel bar .
british entrepreneur sir richard branson said monday he had all but given up hope that explorer steve fossett would be found alive .
fire inspectors had not determined what caused the blaze , said los angles county fire chief p . michael freeman .
continuing to fall , the outlook does not look good today , said choo hee yeop , deputy general manager of asset management strategy at korea investment and securities .
really , it s not much more than what interests me , and or what i detect in my travels to be interesting to the most people .
according to cnn s latest count , obama leads in the delegate count , to clinton s , .
when the students slammed the door in his face , he backed up and shot twice into the middle of the door thinking we were up against it , petkewicz said .
the big difference this time , employers say , is that south korea isn t the insular , command economy it was in the late s and its workers aren t exploited , underpaid victims .
in a separate attack , the idf said it launched an airstrike on an armed militant in gaza , but no one was hit .
he is due to attend an outdoor concert in his honor in hyde park on friday .
five civilians were wounded .
the game is that it will exceed expectations even among jaded gamers who bought horrible movie tie ins such as ghost rider or shrek the third .
landsman s got other problems , too .
gough island and nearby inaccessible island are both listed as unesco world heritage sites .
it comes from a private group and indicates job losses last month slowed significantly from march .
members of the kennedy clan are split in the race between obama and hillary clinton , the new york senator and former first lady who leads published polls in california . former maryland lt . gov . kathleen kennedy townsend , the daughter of robert kennedy , and her brother bobby and sister kerry are backing clinton .
during a televised speech made from ilam province in western iran , ahmadinejad said earlier reports from the united states had been based on shoddy intelligence .
lone star continues to deny any wrongdoing in its takeover of keb .
villavicencio , colombia cnn with its fearsome record of kidnapping and violence , colombia s largest guerrilla army might seem a nightmare group to encounter . but not to oliver stone .
kyodo news agency said that the boy , a high school senior , brought the head in a bag .
it took me time to learn that , but i am what they were expecting , what they have been expecting for , years , de jesus says .
the formula one is a lazy way to get cheap publicity , wrote ng weng hoong in a letter to business times , as the government s money would be better spent promoting the use of solar energy .
we have made difficult but necessary choices to close the projected income shortfall and put the fund s finances on a sustainable basis , but in the end it will make the fund more focused , efficient and cost effective in serving our members , said strauss kahn , a former french finance minister .
the white house hopefuls were campaigning down to the wire in iowa today , determined to reach as many people as possible before the , caucuses that started at p . m .
aside from that , there s not a whole lot that one can do .
officials and environmentalists from regions affected said the disaster cost an estimated million as the spill coated nearly miles of french coastline .
the number of korean students studying in the united states neared , in , a . percent increase from the previous year , according to a recent report released by the u . s . immigration office .
we are trying to target hamas , which hides amongst civilians .
jodi furman in florida says if you can t make more money , then you can spend less
the figure is lower than the market consensus of around percent .
somali pirates holding the japanese ship are demanding million , said andrew mwangura , head of the kenya based east africa seafarers assistance program .
details of the official report were published in newspapers on sunday censored material restored in full .
the suspect in the latest case is a white man , shown with gray , thinning hair in six photos released by interpol .
president nicolas sarkozy has accepted the resignation of gen . bruno cuche , the elysee said in a statement on its web site .
commenting on the earlier stocks rebound , cnn international s financial editor todd benjamin wrote in his blog we ve seen a fundamental shift in global market psychology in less than hours , the big question now is is it sustainable ?
jpmorgan stands behind bear stearns , said jamie dimon , chairman and chief executive of jpmorgan .
hills has described his book as the story of a romance gone wrong , an oriental charles and diana story .
sen . joe biden of delaware responded later in the debate , noting that the strategy obama outlined was already u . s . policy .
the judge said the float could be used in the parade , but that organizers of the viradouro samba group must remove mannequins meant to represent dead bodies from the holocaust .
mount everest , the world s tallest mountain , is , feet tall .
the unusually harsh comments are expected to infuriate north korea .
in japan and the united states , officials attached little significance to the test firing either .
in preparation , mexican government officials on tuesday traveled from beach to beach warning people to prepare for the weakened hurricane .
second home buyers and investors have been pouring money into the country since it declared independence from serbia last year .
the report lists the identities of foreign nationals who entered iraq between august and august .
alexander torshin , the man leading a federal inquiry , said regional police failed to follow orders which could have prevented an attack .
mike tanner of the cato institute says republican john mccain was doing alright until the economy melted down .
spain s rafael nadal , the second seed in hamburg , has won the french open for the last two years and is on a match winning streak on clay , dating back to april .
lakshmi s extra limbs were part of a conjoined twin which stopped developing in the womb .
afghanistan executed prisoners by gunfire , including a man convicted of killing three western journalists and an afghan photographer , the chief of prisons said monday . it was the first time the country had carried out the death penalty in three years .
some scientists are calling this degree by degree projection a highway to extinction .
two australian brothers aged and six drove km along a busy new south wales highway in a bid to make a surprise visit to their grandfather .
the lower court had passed a four year term .
the fed and the u . s . government swiftly approved the all stock deal .
our first stop is kotor , a medieval town pressed against craggy mountains on the right arm of the boka .
and any optional price supplements must be communicated in a clear , transparent and unambiguous way at the start of any booking process and allow passengers to opt in for them , according to the eu .
major retailers including sears , toys r us and wal mart , as well as several mall operators , said shopper traffic was at least as healthy as the day after thanksgiving a year ago .
prime minister john howard has said australians would be distressed by indonesia s release of a muslim cleric convicted over the bali bombings .
jose mechare , a scientist with peru s geological , mining and metallurgical institute , said a geologist had confirmed that it was a rocky meteorite , based on the fragments analyzed .
the group , calling itself a pan national group to stop the fta , said saturday s rally would not be its last .
after the attack , south korean forces tightened security measures around the base .
sen . john mccain of arizona expressed some hope of clinching his party s nomination tuesday and , minutes later , found himself speaking on live national television with sen . hillary clinton of new york , who has vowed she is the democrat best prepared to beat him in a general election .
about percent of the population remains in dirty camps .
they re all accounted for , no injuries whatsoever .
but there are also concerns .
ahmadinejad has moved to exert greater control over the nuclear issue , replacing iran s top nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , with a close loyalist , saeed jalili a step that angered even some conservative politicians .
there is a certain amount of shock because our scientists will sometimes see something that doesn t fit anything they know , said dekila chungyalpa , director of the fund s mekong program . they run through a catalogue of wildlife in their brain , asking themselves , have i seen this ?
the site is still a little thin on content , but there s a blog , a newsroom and a countdown to the january inauguration .
an international search is under way for a businessman and his girl friend , who took off after their bank accidentally handed them a . million line of credit ?
the ct scan also provided the most revealing insight yet into the life of ancient egypt s most famous king .
beijing is trying to promote conservation , but the government is reluctant to adopt binding emissions limits , arguing that its people are too poor and its companies lack technology to set stringent goals .
zimbabwe opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai said sunday he would not participate in friday s presidential runoff , provoking dismay from international observers and handing an apparent victory to president robert mugabe .
also , on the centers for disease control and prevention s page on assisted reproductive technology , you can look up success rates for fertility clinics nationwide .
it was not persuasive to regina nicolosi , a program coordinator for roman catholic womenpriests , who was ordained two years ago .
the authority said the newspapers which originally ran the ad have agreed not to carry it again .
from the hotel , we were escorted through the streets of damascus .
we wish it could be more flexible in mrs . shank s case since her circumstances are clearly extraordinary , but this is done out of fairness to all associates who contribute to , and benefit from , the plan .
the violence erupted after a year old was killed by police officers in athens .
pope benedict xvi said he was deeply moved and saddened , calling the death an act of inhuman violence .
the dead gunmen included three saudi nationals , one ethnic chechen and two lebanese who also held european citizenships .
north korea on sunday accused the u . s . military of conducting more than , spy flights over the communist country from january to june and claimed that washington was looking for a chance to launch an attack .
these costs are a threat to the ability of americans to have health insurance , the gateway to better health care . these costs are a threat as well to the ability of american workers to build a better life , he said .
the signing came after nearly two full days of talks in dakar , senegal , between sudan president omar al beshir and idriss deby , the president of chad .
but if your baby often cries , arches her back , or just looks distressed , it may mean irritating stomach juices are coming up , and a prescription for an antacid medication such as zantac can help .
meanwhile , the main opposition united democratic party udp said it could get plus seats in the elections to be held wednesday .
he was well fed , healthy , yet slightly built , standing at feet , inches tall at the time of his death .
the rescue attempt was organized by l arche de zoe zoe s ark , a paris based aid organization .
stephen schwartz , publisher of the bulletin , said the board originally defined midnight as nuclear war .
hadley also performed at milan s la scala , the royal opera house at covent garden , the deutsche oper in berlin , the lyric opera of chicago , the san francisco opera , the san diego opera and the festivals in glyndebourne , england , aix en provence , france , and salzburg , austria .
which can then be utilized to make higher grade fuels like gasoline and jet fuel .
running boy is a korean film about the trials and triumphs of an autistic athlete training to compete in a marathon .
the united states wants some , to , soldiers of the , american troops stationed in korea to be redeployed to iraq by aug .
the mexican leader has said he wants to continue to have warmer ties with the communist island .
disneyland paris opened in and lost billion in its first two years .
at , billy graham remains america s pastor .
jolstad was working on the bridge construction project and sacorafas was on her way to dance class , but had left a voice mail message saying she was delayed by traffic and running late .
earlier , in london , labour s longest serving pm told his cabinet of his decision .
it s a very different awareness .
that device would be geared for textbooks , magazines and newspapers .
when consumers have less purchasing power , it could cause the economy to slow down , bush said . i hope opec nations put more supply on the market , he added . it would be helpful .
the banks earlier launched locally incorporated branches required to handle retail banking in chinese yuan
but you never anticipate that you will do it .
she s spoken openly about her past battles with drugs and her penchant for alcohol and marijuana .
michael bociurkiw told cnn his organization is happy it has finally been granted access by myanmar s government to use helicopters to deliver aid to those hit by last month s cyclone . but making deliveries means battling strong winds and rain .
playfair an alliance of world trade unions has condemned severe workers rights violations in four chinese factories ahead of the beijing games .
but sea ice that forms later and melts sooner because of higher temperatures has left the community unprotected from fall and winter storm waves and surges that lash coastal communities .
some will encounter elderly relatives who have alzheimer s disease , a condition that affects . million americans .
window seats are best for catching some sleep , as there is something to lean against .
it s been primarily contained to the south , said douglas hoff , who rode out the storm in kitty hawk , north carolina . he gave ireport footage to cnn of heavy surf hitting the area .
i cannot imagine that somewhere down the road some other collection could come out of the woodwork and rival this .
hawking , the best selling author of a brief history of time , was joined by other public figures .
a second mock alert , involving a make believe earthquake north of the philippines , has been testing responses in the western pacific .
next march , they ll be following in the formidable footsteps of formula one world champion lewis hamilton , rock band kiss and the pope , no less , to wow the crowds at the autodromo de interlagos .
many older americans routinely engage in vaginal intercourse , oral sex and masturbation , a landmark study into a long taboo subject reported wednesday .
los angeles ap a federal grand jury indicted on may alleged chinese double agent katrina leung on charges that she illegally took , copied and kept secret documents obtained from an fbi agent who was her chief contact and alleged lover .
beijing cnn spongebob squarepants , mickey mouse and pokemon are officially persona non grata on chinese prime time .
they said the deal would lead to annual revenue synergies of million in financial year , along with cost synergies and savings of about million a year .
the hospital said the woman did indeed have insurance , and , at least at their hospital , she was never turned away .
organizers of the beijing olympics say they are investigating reports that children are being exploited in the manufacture of official merchandise .
most of whom are desperate to leave .
i would like to steadily proceed with education reform and revising the constitution , nhk quoted abe as saying .
malicious program makers have been prosecuted for the first time in korea .
ap correspondent jason straziuso reports from kabul that karzai is demanding greater control over us and nato troops
valentine , , from nearby huntington beach , was arrested last month on charges of trying to run down bullock s motorcycle mogul husband , jesse james , in front of the couple s house .
van nistelrooy , the club s leading striker , is out for the remainder of the season after undergoing knee surgery last month .
south korea s deputy foreign minister park in kook told reporters that south korea supported the purpose and principles of the psi .
the attacks were concentrated in some of the poorest parts of south africa where locals are jobless , hungry and in need of basic services such as clean water , sanitation and housing .
the debate , to be held on the campus of the university of texas , will air live on cnn , cnn international and cnn . com from to p . m . et .
he said civilians and seven policemen were wounded .
enya celebrates winter
to view the sea turtles in their natural habitat , grab your snorkel or scuba gear .
asked when eu forces could be sent , an eu official said at the end of october at the earliest .
bismarck is the latest focus of flooding fears and sandbagging efforts in north dakota .
secretary of state colin powell yesterday reiterated that the united states has no intent to attack north korea , and urged the communist regime to return to the discussion table .
the school , on the side of a hill , consisted of several small buildings constructed on top of each other , gaillis said .
the environmental consequences would be regional but the social and economic consequences would be global .
north and south korea will hold talks after month interregnal .
bowen s labor party , which was elected to government on november , has long railed against the free massages provided for some privileged public servants .
the ap s jason straziuso reports that includes a wanted taliban leader who tried to escape with women and children during the raid by wearing a woman s burkha
calls and e mails sent to pavarotti s manager , terri robson , were not returned .
but it s somewhat ironic that the very people who drove this economy into a ditch are now complaining about the size of the tow truck .
the red cross has people on the ground operating in five of the area s nearly two dozen shelters and is sending more help .
curt schilling could be throwing off a mound by january after having shoulder surgery monday that keeps him on target to pitch by the middle of next season if he decides to return .
we have taken the opportunity given the short term down cycle in our pharmaceuticals business to initiate this project , chief executive and chairman daniel vasella said .
while individual travelers are accustomed to long lines and have no one to complain to , good tour organizers can t inflict this waste of time on their customers .
part of the explanation for loneliness is evolutionary , experts say .
but he also signaled that turkey might be willing to consult with washington before moving ahead with a cross border attack on the rebels .
i also believe strongly that when history looks back on this moment and a state is defined , that the palestinian people will thank you for your leadership .
the one day summit in zambia s capital , lusaka , was seen by observers as a test of the southern african development community s willingness , capability and resolve to sort out the vote fiasco , which resulted from the march election .
beijing , china cnn an explosion at an illegal mine disguised as a wild boar farm killed people , a chinese government news agency reported tuesday .
he demanded that the japanese government take immediate measures to prevent a recurrence of such comments .
but later he warns , tech is a relatively safe campus
some of these crews have worked out very well , said zubrin , president of the mars society , a , member multinational group determined to reach what it calls the new world . others were at each other s throats .
frost and base workers in a suit against the military .
data can be kept for a maximum of years , but after the first seven years data will become dormant and can only be accessed on a case by case basis under strict rules .
i don t know whether to be happy or ashamed because i thought we made a comedy , nicholson said .
it s like , you know , there s so many people , man .
the irate fan was apparently infuriated by fandel s decision to send off danish defender christian poulsen for punching and award a penalty after the home side had battled back from three goals down .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the marine corps would not specify what that punishment was because of privacy regulations .
well , detroit s big three auto makers have come up with some plans to stay afloat .
it was believed the network was converting drugs money into euro notes to launder vast cash profits believed to be up to million pounds million a week , the police statement said .
police said they have launched a manhunt for a suspect in the killing .
at least people have been killed in gaza over the past two days .
the ministry of information and communication , which is in charge of the project of boosting linux , tuesday revealed the plan about kwangju located in the southwestern part of the country .
each count carries a possible sentence upon conviction of up to years in prison and a , fine .
the astronomers , who describe their work in an upcoming issue of the astrophysical journal , based their finding on an in depth study of light from distant galaxies .
it is practiced by muslims and christians alike , deeply rooted in the nile valley region and parts of sub saharan african , and is also done in yemen and oman .
we have deployed more than , troops in that area , and we are controlling that belt , durani said .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas , of the mainstream fatah movement , and khaled meshaal , leader of the militant hamas group , signed the accord at a ceremony hosted by saudi king abdullah in a palace overlooking the kaaba , islam s holiest shrine .
people in a work setting , says rubinstein , who are banging away on word processors , at the same time they have to answer phones and talk to their co workers or bosses , they re doing switches all the time .
the pcs and separate batteries were sold directly by the computer manufacturers , electronics stores and online retailers worldwide , not by sony .
relations between mexico and havana deteriorated under former mexican president vicente fox , who criticized cuba s human rights record .
svalbard is designed to store duplicates of seeds from seed collections around the world .
that was the case with the snake , which was going through newark to appear on live with regis and kelly with a zoo curator . it was eventually checked .
officials from the ruling islamic militant group hamas shut down the plant just before p . m . and gaza city went dark , gaza energy authority head kanan obeid said . tv crews and reporters were invited to witness the shutdown .
miura was hit in the leg , while his wife was shot in the head and later died of her injuries in japan .
. restaurant servers
across asia , once the favored backyard for japanese conglomerates , tiger economies are scrambling to reduce their dependence on japan s capital and markets .
i was really struggling to get the message across that green weddings are about eco chic , not lentils and hessian , said green wedding planner ruth culver .
the new movie quantum of solace opens today in the u . s . , picking up where casino royale left off .
a post mortem showed he was asphyxiated , probably by powder from a fire extinguisher . read about the discovery of the death
dupre was the high priced call girl , known as kristen , documented in court papers as the woman spitzer arranged to meet at washington s mayflower hotel in february .
restoration of the edifice began in , and it will open to the public beginning saturday , october th .
presidential appointments of ministers do not require parliamentary approval , but the gnp s steadfast opposition is putting an increasing burden on the roh administration , which only has just over a year remaining in office .
beckham is scheduled to return to the u . s . at the end of march to prepare for the start of major league soccer and would be unavailable from the quarterfinal stages on in europe .
hanady kader , a university of washington senior , said she worked unpaid last summer helping resettle refugees and considers many of her peers to be civic minded .
he adds , i get the plumb jobs .
there d be a lot of rehearsals , but it d be very exciting , she says .
a south carolina woman says she sees an image of jesus in her grilled cheese .
the french aid workers were kidnapped two weeks after afghan authorities released five taliban prisoners in exchange for an italian newspaper reporter who was abducted along with his two afghan colleagues in southern helmand province on march .
but late american novelist norman mailer s explicit rendition of the incestuous encounter between the genocidal german dictator s parents has won the writer one of the world s most dubious literary prizes .
mission specialists plan to point both rovers northward in preparation for the upcoming martian winter .
musharraf imposed emergency rule in pakistan on saturday , saying the suspension of his country s constitution was made necessary by the growing threat of terrorism and out of control judicial activism .
on wednesday , of their fellow christian charity workers were released after a six week ordeal .
secondly , there is no denying the president s political position has been strengthened slightly since the beginning of the summer , when a growing number of senior republicans like sens .
jobs are down but stocks are up this morning , and you have to take a closer look to understand why .
hours later , turkish forces struck back , killing pkk rebels in the border region , according to turkey s military .
in neighboring kandahar province , a clash left suspected militants and one policemen dead , said sayed afghan saqib , kandahar provincial police chief .
the year old former dictator is said to be in poor health and wants to serve any remaining time in panama .
police have sealed the home of the unnamed doctor and his wife , which is about two miles from asha s home in newcastle under lyme .
the cdc s acting director , dr .
there s also been a horrible shooting incident at a german high school as ap correspondent david reising reports from berlin the year old gunman has been slain
the controversy has eclipsed the issues under discussion , which included the economy and australia s role in iraq .
they hope to have all the electricity restored later today .
according to gallas , the priest soared to an altitude of , feet , meters then descended to about , feet , meters for his planned flight to the city of dourados , miles kilometers northwest of his parish .
the coffin , draped in the club s centenary banner and spanish national flag , was taken to the stadium to the accompaniment of spontaneous applause and chants of puerta amigo , sevilla esta contigo puerta friend , sevilla is with you .
president bush spared former white house aide i . lewis scooter libby from a year prison term on monday , issuing an order that commutes his sentence .
in another episode of high drama , two years later he ordered russian tanks to fire on their own parliament in october , when the building was occupied by hard line political opponents .
a confederate memorial day was observed in some southern states .
an israeli foreign ministry statement said tonight s murder of yeshiva students during a religious event expresses at its most deplorable the fundamentalist extremist foundations , in the name of which palestinian terrorism operates .
the ruling , the latest in a series of blows to the nation s largest conglomerate , is paving the way for the prosecution to investigate the lee kun hee family for various stock and other asset transactions among family members .
clinton , a new york senator and wife of former president bill clinton , would be the first woman president .
israel s prime minister ehud olmert says there could be harsh and disproportionate retaliation , after gaza militants launched rockets and mortars into southern israel .
some chinese worry that the law has led to a gender imbalance .
an indian navy ship that was patrolling the gulf of eden this morning received a distress call from a merchant vessel flying an ethiopian flag saying they were under attack by pirates .
he said yahoo has three priorities
at least people in texas and new mexico have been hospitalized .
we are of the strong opinion here that once identified , those responsible for this attack should bear all consequences , djinnit said . there must be some political and legal consequences from this deliberate attack .
coomaraswamy , the top u . n . envoy on children and armed conflict , said the monitoring has produced results , but that more needed to be done .
what am i , a goat ?
adler , , looks most likely to replace enke after germany manager oliver bierhoff hinted at the leverkusen player s inclusion .
speaking by phone from barcelona , where she s shooting allen s latest film , johansson talked with the associated press about music , her movie career and how she avoids the pitfalls and paparazzi that plague her hollywood contemporaries .
i ve gotten lost on unfamiliar roads and eaten cold pizza for dinner after we discovered that all the restaurants in the small college town closed by p . m .
despite a search stretching around the world and the support of celebrities like virgin chairman richard branson , author j . k . rowling , and soccer star david beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case .
in a joint statement , the business groups said restrictions on flights and shipping have kept taiwan from fully participating in the global and asian economies .
it said deliveries for will be discussed with customers in the coming weeks .
an australian man says he s lucky to have escaped with only scratches and shredded underwear , after tangling with a home invading kangaroo !
police seized khan last week after he appeared at a student rally at the university of punjab in lahore , police said .
scientists say eastern gray kangaroos are abundant and are destroying the native grassland of threatened species like the grassland earless dragon and the striped legless lizard .
cnn tom cruise expounds on his beliefs in scientology in a video that made its way onto the internet this week .
veterinary officials are enforcing a protection zone around the farm and taking other measures to deal with the issue .
but , an upbeat profit report from best buy has given wall street a sense that the economy may be finding its footing .
one of them was seriously hurt and had to remain in hospital .
shaquille and shaunie o neal had four together , and each had one other before their dec . , wedding .
thousands of people have been killed in the insurgency .
no one is going to steal this election , biti said . mugabe is exposing himself , the sadc southern african development community has exposed his weaknesses , but the people of zimbabwe have made their voices heard .
if a country wants to become a member of the union , it needs to respect these principles , it said .
in contrast , u . s . students took th place in reading , nd in science , th place in math and th in problem solving .
park narrowly lost to lee in a bitter primary race for the grand national party nomination in august . lee was also stung recently when lee hoi chang , a former leader of the grand national party , announced his third bid for the presidency this time as an independent .
a transcript of the video , obtained by cnn , shows it contains no overt threats toward the united states .
at a price of . billion between and .
she said she decided to plead guilty to felony theft and misdemeanor marijuana possession because she wanted to take responsibility for her actions .
the fighting erupted as troops went in to arrest a militant responsible for earlier killings , they said .
mike sherman of synovate suggested that that perception had to change if korea wanted to compete with lower priced chinese products .
secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday urged seoul to use its leverage to bring north korea back to the negotiating table , saying that she did not come to south korea to dictate what seoul should do .
political parties are abuzz on the possible fallout from the return of a former business partner of leading conservative presidential candidate lee myung bak .
the woman who was runner up in the miss california usa pageant told the cbs early show she questions whether prejean could have handled things better
he said he wants to do everything i can to help deliver the change america needs .
more than a quarter of the combined total about died while serving a tour of duty in iraq , an increase from in iraq the previous year , according to the preliminary figures .
retorted arthur s lawyer , stephen tunstall
virginia election officials also predicted a higher than normal turnout of to percent for the state s primaries .
no signs of infiltration from outside or fighting in the base has been discovered so far , according to the ministry of national defense .
in addition to wisconsin , washington state and hawaii were holding contests tuesday .
on friday , the gnp said the meeting was a go , insisting that the white house had confirmed the appointment through melissa s . bennett , a special assistant to the president .
iraq is implementing preventive measures to reduce the risk of transmission to unaffected areas . but it cites a severe shortage of chlorination products and the urgent need for proper water treatment .
the korea times reports the chief u . n . nuclear inspector said that south korea s past nuclear related tests did not appear to be part of a weapons program , describing it as simply two scientific experiments on a small scale , according to a u . s . news report on saturday .
the skin makes vitamin d from ultraviolet light .
the phoenix mars lander won t be looking for evidence of life on mars but rather traces of organic compounds in the baked and moistened samples .
he said the quake did not trigger a tsunami , but people living alongside a river were evacuated because officials feared one .
more than , people stripped down and bared it all in mexico city s vast main square sunday for u . s . photographer spencer tunick s biggest nude shoot yet .
because the court lacked a lingala translator , the judge asked whether katanga speaks swahili , but he said no .
i think the evidence we now have is that the japanese were attempting to find a way to surrender , and the top military leaders of the united states , almost to a man , understood that this was not a matter of military necessity .
a u . s . soldier killed in baghdad last week marked the fourth death of an american female service member this month , a toll that hasn t been topped since june .
as recently as years ago , cremation in korea was typically reserved for unusual circumstances such as people who had died very young , or with no known family , or in disfiguring accidents . but koreans are embracing it now .
the who s peter cordingly says nations need to do whatever it takes to limit the number of new infections
already the storm has been blamed for at least seven deaths , including the two in haiti .
the bacteria not only resist the drug , but have evolved to the point where they thrive on it .
somali pirates who seized a japanese tanker six weeks ago have threatened to kill the crew members unless a million ransom is paid , a maritime official said monday .
today , we have taken the first vital steps in resolving the electoral dispute and conflict that has ravaged this country for nearly a month now , said odinga , who shook hands with kibaki following thursday s meeting .
in a lengthy announcement from its foreign ministry , the north not only denounced washington but also criticized the japanese government for being what it called a pawn of the united states .
during the cretaceous period , gravitational pushes and pulls with the sun and other planets created a wobble in the earth s orbit , according to the ucla team s models .
at the onset of those symptoms the amoeba victim s health swiftly declines .
investigators are now on the scene , using a giant crane and a barge to pull the plane out of the hudson .
bush says the package doesn t just benefit the titans of finance , it helps the average american .
nasa officials said they suspected the wing was damaged on liftoff , but felt there was no reason for concern .
my , how time flies on a mountain .
he added , what we re seeing in penza right now is a most vivid example of what could happen to a country , to a society , if this society is deprived of proper religious education .
i felt the important thing for me to do with my life was to move forward after we lost our race .
for example , the best beef stroganoff and fried cheese balls of your life
korean negotiations over the use of american forces here in other parts of the region to an uri party lawmaker .
economists have said if the strike lasts longer than three days , it could cost around million million a day .
moya , who beat hewitt to win the title in and at is the oldest player in the world s top , had beaten world number three novak djokovic in the previous round .
pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , ousted sharif from power in a bloodless coup in .
he said iran s efforts to pursue technology that would allow them to build a nuclear weapon are obvious and that the regime continues to practice delay and deceit in an obvious effort to buy time .
the committee s proposal calls for the police to notify suspects families of the arrest of suspects , positions and names of arresters , and place of detention when they arrest them .
hensley was arrested thursday and taken to kuwait to be held before the trial .
foot and mouth disease affects cattle , swine , sheep , goats , deer and other animals , according to the u . s . department of agriculture .
priests went again sunday , but the followers refused to listen to their arguments , a security official added .
pathe said the film would cover the days leading up to the conflict and would focus on thatcher s controversial decision to go to war over britain s sparsely populated possessions in the south atlantic .
voter turnout was low , at about .
a heartbroken machin questioned whether the driver was observing proper procedures , saying the truck seemed to barreling through the street at an unsafe speed .
investigators have found no evidence that he was preparing to carry out a real assault , the official said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy .
that document calls for a palestinian state in the west bank , gaza and east jerusalem , the areas israel captured in the mideast war .
libya has been under intense international pressure to free the six , who deny infecting the children .
that is considered dangerously slow for a government that needs to create jobs for millions of new workers who enter the economy every year and to satisfy a public that has come to expect steadily rising incomes .
no one was injured and no vehicles were damaged , authorities said .
new is an additional billion euro billion line of insured credit from the banks .
so if you arrive in the morning , try to push through to bed time .
but it is taking steps to cut production costs for the ps and is starting up an advanced liquid crystal display lcd panel plant with samsung electronics this year , shoring up its profitability .
harmony s father , ronald earl creech ii , returned to north carolina from a month deployment in iraq on friday hoping to see his daughter .
gayle king oprah s bff told one of the women seated next to her that oprah was up until three in the morning writing her speech introducing obama .
cnn estimates mccain has gathered delegates .
in a speech at the american israel public affairs committee conference , rice said the united states commitment to israel was unwavering .
each solar array is about feet long , with a total wingspan of more than feet .
i wanted people not to look at me as a little girl , but i was a little girl so how could i ask the world not to ? . . .
a hundreds of thousands who will attend obama s inauguration and parade in washington , can expect to be under the steady gaze of security cameras and police , or both .
the antiballistic missiles would be designed to intercept low flying short and medium range ballistics such as scud , frog and nodong missiles , he added .
a judge ordered other suspects to be held , including aides to gen pinochet .
but swimming in the fountain is prohibited and roberta , from milan , now risks a hefty fine for public indecency .
as well several million people have migrated to urban areas in search of income and employment .
weird and wild as it is , dylan liked the concept and gave co writer director todd haynes the rarest of gifts
speculation was rife that woolmer might have been murdered by a disgruntled player or match fixing syndicate , and the episode cast a shadow over the whole world cup .
a south korean civilian worker died in iraq after a liter steel can containing paint exploded within the compound of the zaytun unit in the northern city of irbil on monday .
the government has unveiled a tax code revision that is aimed at equalizing tax rates between salaried employees and business owners , encouraging women to have more babies and giving modest support to economic expansion .
obama s response was there was no such thing as al qaeda in iraq until george bush and john mccain decided to invade iraq .
further along in the process , members can participate in blending and bottling decisions and design their own labels .
adults well developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention .
he commended mccain for speaking out on climate change but said that time and time again , he has opposed investing in the alternative sources of energy that have helped fuel some of the very same projects and businesses that he s now highlighting in this campaign .
the g makes use of applications such as google maps , instant messaging through google talk , as well as high speed internet browsing and a megapixel camera .
the u . s . government published a list of luxury goods it is also banning from sale to the reclusive east asian nation , including cigars , plasma televisions , beer , ipods , rolex watches and diamonds presumed a blow to north korean leader kim jong il who reportedly loves living luxuriously . read full story
the substance has been confirmed as a new mineral after tests by scientists at the natural history museum in london and the national research council in canada .
as the dollar has weakened , investors have been piling into oil contracts , betting that they will gain , thereby offsetting the dollar s decline .
dean continues to move on a course that should take it very near jamaica later sunday , according to the national weather service .
the union of south korean employees of the u . s .
to improve your chances of getting the price you want
two senior administration officials tell us changes to the system obama once criticized will be announced some time today .
the offerings are a mix of local design plus some imports and knockoffs .
at first , robert prosky s goal was to make people laugh
i look forward to being back with this great team , she said as she returned to the senate at the end of a two week vacation , taken after she conceded the month long primary contest to sen . barack obama .
. only using the internet
earlier this month , the office of president pervez musharraf announced he had signed a reconciliation ordinance that dropped outstanding corruption charges against bhutto and a number of other politicians .
they have expressed concerns about what they call chavez s close ties to colombia s leftist rebels .
a group of angry canadian beef producers said on friday they ve launched a multimillion dollar suit against the u . s . government in a bid to force the reopening of the canada u . s . border to live cattle .
the joong ang ilbo quotes police yesterday as saying they had arrested the owner of an immigration consultancy on charges of forging documents for use by prospective korean emigrants to canada .
the announcement comes on the heels of a report released wednesday that found a high rate of unsafe sexual behavior in the city .
it was the first session of the parliament since last month s disputed and deadly presidential elections and the first time president mwai kibaki and odinga had been in the same room since votes were cast .
jeremy s loved ones are fighting to replace those images with thoughts of their son and other victims of the massacre , by publicly celebrating his legacy .
the government appears to be moving to tighten up controls that will make the internet in korea less anonymous .
but they also said they wanted to discuss ethanol behind closed doors .
other critics say that because the internet still lacks standards for non english characters , efforts like verisign s are premature .
only a few hundred residents have moved into shelters and many tourists ignored earlier warnings to fly home .
lleyton hewitt has hired roger federer s former coach tony roche to try to help him get back to the top of world tennis .
we want to put a thousand astronaut teachers into american schools within the next decade , wright added .
while authorities had not intervened in sunday s march , plainclothes police trailed behind the marchers and some with shotguns were posted at street corners along the route .
called by the government and the church , marches and human chains were staged at noon in different cities from the amazon jungle outpost of leticia to the caribbean city of cartagena .
in yorba linda , we had residences that were damaged or destroyed .
he s so charming and attractive , said li kenna , a desk clerk at the five star hotel hill stays at in beijing .
besides raking in tolls , transportation departments also can suck up tons of personal information about a traveler , including driver s license data , license plate number , destination , highway speed , vehicle identification and time of day of travel .
old timers worry that redevelopment will wipe out mom and pop stores and affordable housing , along with the area s distinct character .
history with a capital h is going to be made this november , no matter who the president elect is . i want barack obama to be president of this country , a country that once said people with his skin color were only three fifths of a human being .
three goals in a scintillating eight minute burst early in the first half swept alex ferguson s side towards the semifinals to face either bayern munich or ac milan and sustained their hopes of repeating their european and domestic treble .
he said some of the smaller , privately owned mines should share blame for the problems .
opening arguments this morning at senator ted stevens corruption trial in washington , federal prosecutors say he s a crafty politician whose decades in congress has taught him how to accept gifts without getting noticed , the ap s carlotta bradley says we may or may not see stevens on the stand .
world events sparked several emotional highlights , including brody s tearful speech urging prayers for peace and an attack on u . s . president george w . bush and the war by filmmaker michael moore , winner of the best documentary oscar for bowling for columbine .
former arsenal marksman henry was replaced by chelsea striker nicolas anelka with minutes remaining .
president barack obama says the economy continues to bleed jobs
one recent criticism that tokyo isn t doing enough to promote the regional economy stems from the asian financial crisis .
gingrich said the need to raise tens of millions of dollars has driven campaigns to begin cranking up much earlier than ever . meanwhile , he said , advisers are telling candidates to begin campaigning as soon as possible i need a check .
in a letter sent on tuesday , gusmao asked alkatiri to step down or face being sacked .
all of this struggle will be worth it in the end , because it will be done for the people of iraq .
but the possibility of treasury intervention failed to reassure investors amid the ongoing credit crisis .
activists have criticized south korea for not putting enough pressure on north korea over its appalling human rights record .
they said she often had bruises and that she predicted days before her death that her father would kill her .
mobile phone users in southern thailand face having their lines disconnected as part of a drive to reduce bomb attacks .
in a statement on a website , the group said it acted after us and iraqi forces attacked insurgents in the northern town of talafar .
those items records of executions , and artwork depicting stalin holding the keys to a prison cell stretching across the soviet union reflect the backlash that came in two waves , one soon after his death and another in the late s , with mikhail gorbachev s glasnost .
the two contenders for the democratic nomination were quick to pounce .
xinhua reported that one person died .
which the new york film critics circle named the year s best
the queen commended uganda on making , considerable advances in spite of periods of adversity , since her last visit to the country in about years ago .
dutch researchers at erasmus university in rotterdam carried out a six year study of , people aged and over who showed no signs of dementia .
the united states is withdrawing five combat brigades dispatched last year to iraq to pacify the iraqi capital and its surrounding provinces .
president roh , to step down if uri party failed to get support in the next month s general elecions .
five people were wounded in the rampage at the westroads mall , two of them critically , according to hospital spokesmen .
the sheriff s department said lauterbach s mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it .
the bbc reports tension is building between south korea and japan after seoul sent a ship to survey waters around a group of islands claimed by both countries .
elisabeth fahrni mansur , who works with the bangladesh cetacean diversity project , told cnn that the mammal was trapped in the low waters of a tidal channel .
often , haji can tell if children have just arrived from mogadishu by the way they act .
while almost all the member nations agree with the goal of african integration and eventual unity , most of the summit leaders , led by south africa s thabo mbeki , believe this must be a gradual process .
the overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools
it s still more than twenty below zero right now in northern minnesota and north dakota , and still below freezing as far south as southern mississippi and alabama .
romney , on the economy , as the multimillionaire businessman who says he knows how to fix it and says sen . mccain doesn t get it , said cnn political correspondent dana bash .
it was driven by high numbers of black women and hispanics .
short visits are better in cases where you expect to be in close quarters with someone who nags or criticizes you .
us president george w bush called for gen musharraf to call elections as soon as possible .
we are , and always will be , the united states of america .
wolfowitz , the white house and bank officials held talks wednesday afternoon to work out details of his resignation .
the united states and eu nations circulated a draft u . n . resolution friday endorsing independence for kosovo under international supervision despite strong objections from russia , a permanent member of the u . n . security council with veto power .
when asked by a lawyer whether he would be prepared to kill americans , he said
the who says the disease is spreading via international travelers , and nations across asia are fighting to contain the illness .
two britons serving three month prison terms for having sex on a public beach in dubai have been released on bail pending their appeal , their lawyer said tuesday .
there is something different about hating toronto . people are more passionate about it , filmmaker and co director albert nerenberg said in an interview .
this woman s hands calm the patient s fears .
charting the psychology of evil , decades after shock experiment
lee will speak to the nation on national television at p . m . a . m . et to explain south korea s efforts to revise the beef import deal , presidential aides told the yonhap news agency
while the meteor will burn up over egypt and the sudan , traveling from the southwest to the northeast , it could be visible from much of southern europe , northeastern africa , and the middle east , according to christine pulliam of the harvard center .
some protesters blocked roads with garbage , oil drums and glass in an attempt to stop them from reaching the airport , while others destroyed offices and houses in ternate , forcing schools and business to shut down .
mr wolfowitz will not resign under this cloud , robert bennett told reuters news agency .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
pakistan s former prime minister benazir bhutto abruptly canceled plans to travel abroad wednesday , saying she had heard rumors the government could impose a state of emergency during her absence .
reached by phone in boston , attorney matt pawa said other lawsuits have been filed seeking damages from global warming , but this is the first one that has a discretely identifiable victim .
the city would like to make an appeal to residents to consider amongst other options , stack burials and cremations , the sapa news agency quoted masondo as saying at the opening of a new cemetery on the outskirts of the city .
according to a survey by the institute of global management igm , a private think tank , percent of the ceos of foreign companies in korea said the korean government s foreign investment policy does not conform with its goal to develop the country into a regional business and financial center .
world stock markets suffered more heavy losses thursday as economic data indicated a severe slowdown was unavoidable .
a car rental agent tries to sell the customer a collision damage insurance costing from an extra to a day .
president george w . bush on thursday sharply criticized foreign policies advocated by democratic front runner barack obama , saying it would be a mistake to meet the leaders of iran and cuba without preconditions or swiftly change course in iraq , according to reuters .
south korea combined forces command assured korean lawmakers yesterday that the united states is not planning a pre emptive strike on north korea s nuclear facilities , according to a lawmaker who was present .
the government is considering making agricultural chemicals less toxic since some people consume them to kill themselves .
fed chairman ben bernanke is telling congress today it needs to act to help absorb some of the shock .
five north korean soldiers crossed the inter korean border on saturday then retreated northward after some warning shots were fired by south korean soldiers .
most of the victims were pakistani .
remember jack welch redirecting ge
the ginn open in reunion , florida , which had a . million prize pool this year , has not yet determined what it will pay out in .
two of the suspects told a judge on wednesday that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema said .
authorities have evacuated about , people who are considered to be at risk if water overflows the dam .
abass bass , a representative of the mauritanian embassy in washington , described the incident as a tentative hijacking .
the jury has already heard that paul ordered two ricards an aniseed spirit that night after arriving at the hotel .
tetsuro takahashi was one of them .
andreas srova , a physics professor at the university , said it would have been inappropriate for the pope to appear for the inauguration .
we , of course , intend to abide by our commitments under the agreement . we ll see how the north korean side lives up to its responsibilities .
they started after we discovered instructions on russian web sites telling when , why and what to attack , he added .
caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro strongly condemned the terrorist blasts and expressed sorrow over the loss of life , the associated press of pakistan reported .
he said its two component parts would maintain their separate identities , at least at first .
the apology came after gray skin like material , . centimeters in length , was found last month inside a jumbo sized nongshim snack , saewookkang shrimp snack .
he says the current system has proven to be too unstable and fragile , and failed investors in basic , fundamental ways .
on thursday , italy became the latest european nation to recognize kosovo s sovereignty , ap reported .
he said presidential debates have become almost unendurable .
the rebels are also demanding the afghan government releases taliban prisoners .
an early morning fire destroys three buildings in an apartment complex under construction in downtown indianapolis .
bollywood , the world s largest movie industry by ticket sales , had backed the actor saying he deserved a second chance because he was impulsive but not dangerous .
the awards have reflected the growing divergence between popular and critical preferences
in india and south korea , which a few years ago opened up full service , the number of users has increased exponentially .
some students leaped from windows to escape said matt waldron .
the committee estimated . trillion in war costs by the end of for iraq , and the remainder for afghanistan .
those close to shin had said she was preparing to fly back to korea this month , in order to clear her name .
chung said the time has come for the two countries to chart a more future oriented dynamic alliance . he added that the alliance was not maintained only by rhetoric , saying it will be maintained and strengthened only when the two sides have mutual trust and confidence and transparency in sharing information .
the u . s . military on thursday reported eight recent troop deaths in iraq .
he was arrested in june after police found his name and phone number on a piece of paper that a woman who was killed in the park had left for her son .
commission executive director philip zelikow cited a hurried attempt to create an improvised defense by officials who had never encountered or trained for the situation they faced .
at a news briefing in seoul sunday , five lawmakers from the uri party , who visited pyongyang for four days from may , said the north is considering applying for membership of the washington based world bank and the imf .
for net access , there will still be a battle between dsl and cable technologies .
clinton also suggested that the dynamic in the tightly contested race for the democratic presidential nomination could shift again in two days when florida holds its primary .
bill easterly , a spokesman for feld motor sports , the show s promoter , explains why the show went on after the accident
during the two week session , delegates will consider the national economic and social development plan for and this year s national budget .
as a cold rain fell on the devastated community of ryongchon , relief workers warned that more food , blankets and medicine were needed immediately in the impoverished nation .
the manor houses an annual classical music festival .
but he was more proud of his decades long campaign to set up schools and health clinics in nepal , the homeland of tenzing norgay , the mountain guide with whom he stood arm in arm on the summit of everest on may , .
we will not spare one single dollar in fighting the fires , he said .
without identifying her , taliban militants said , wednesday , one of the hostages they were going to set free due to her ill health opted to stay in captivity for the sake of another colleague whose condition was worse .
the filmmaker has lost his appeal to the motion picture association of america to downgrade the rating to pg .
in an effort to try to solve the mysteries , scientists removed tut s mummy from his tomb and placed it into a portable ct scanner for minutes in to obtain a three dimensional image .
jang sung min , president of the world and northeast asia peace forum , quoted well informed diplomatic sources in china as saying that the north feels anxious about world media reports that describe the nuclear test as all but imminent .
london , england cnn former british prime minister margaret thatcher walked out of a london hospital saturday morning where she spent the night after feeling unwell during a dinner at the house of lords .
either democrat would be better than john mccain , he told the crowd .
the person who wore the gold necklace may have sought to distinguish himself with a status symbol , aldenderfer said .
california governor arnold schwarzenegger will be there to watch him do it .
the joong ang ilbo reports lee myung bak , still seeking an alliance with the woman who has so far been his toughest foe in the race for president , declared in public yesterday that he wanted to earn park geun hye s trust and that it was his fault the two were rivals .
. meditate for a minute
dr . jose luchsinger of the columbia university medical center in new york , who studies the connection between obesity and alzheimer s disease but didn t participate in the new work , cautioned that such a study cannot prove abdominal fat promotes dementia .
she divorced chavez in .
the government plans to cut down the number to . million by and trim another , by , the official told the paper .
colom said the migrants to the united states are true heroes who go there to work , not to bother anyone they go there in search of a dream .
this would be toyota s first operating loss since , toyota spokesman steve curtis said .
tg computer has sought court protection .
the justice ministry said saturday that among the some . million inbound and outbound travelers from january to march , . million koreans were visiting countries abroad .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon s remarks sunday produced a storm of rebuke after he said french jews were under threat by the nation s much larger muslim community and should leave .
william and harry s father , prince charles , and uncle , the duke of york , have also learned to pilot military helicopters .
brown knows he has his work cut out to ensure a fourth straight victory for labour at a national election due by may at the latest , and has wasted no time in moving on .
pakistani air force planes swooped down on the country s troubled tribal region on the border with afghanistan tuesday , launching a blistering airstrike that left as many as militants dead , pakistan army sources said .
iraq s interim prime minister insists there s no room for militants in the new iraq .
we are still waiting for the latest information about any passengers who may have been trapped , he said . it was too early to speculate on what caused the plane to erupt in flames , he added .
not that he ll be showing up at any presidential campaign rallies .
one million tons of oil is more than two thirds of north korea s entire oil consumption in , according to the cia factbook .
the number private moneylenders ballooned to , last year and around . million people are estimated to borrow from them .
in , german supermodel claudia schiffer also waded into the fountain for an advertising campaign for designer valentino .
individuals , so the whole genome can be determined . the contamination and degradation of dna has been a serious issue for the last years , observed erik trinkaus , a professor at washington university in st . louis .
but the political struggle threatened to turn into a physical confrontation this week when yushchenko ordered the dismissal of the nation s chief prosecutor , loyal to the prime minister , who refused to leave his office .
he said it would appear in stores in june but gave no specific date .
nothing changed except that the investors changed their mind .
police have launched an investigation after a young disabled sportsman traveled to switzerland to commit suicide , uk media report .
it is quite clear he has unleashed a war , he said , referring to zimbabwean president robert mugabe .
some of the articles left behind by bae , such as a bible , were displayed at the altar along with a photo of the other victim killed by the kidnappers , shim sung min , who was shot on july .
foreign poll monitors said saturday s . percent margin of victory for nazarbayev s nur otan party came in an election that did not meet international election standards .
it was a wall street phenomenon .
emirates airline said it signed a massive order for commercial aircraft with an option on more at the opening of the dubai airshow on sunday in deals worth over us billion .
several coast guard boats were following the whales to make sure they did not reverse course .
he used employees from delta , american airlines and food services company aramark to help smuggle the drugs into the united states , the complaint says .
we will not accept any compromises of a government that does not accept the basic principles of the quartet , he said , adding , we will cooperate with any government that accepts these principles .
brown said the company was confident that when scheduled services begin between the french and british capitals on november the journey would take two hours and minutes .
justice minister chun jung bae will meet the u . s .
i could go and maybe would go , but i m not looking forward to it , says the year old former socialite .
hill , a boston red sox fan , also won over the japanese media by turning up for meetings in tokyo wearing a seibu lions baseball cap .
she will be talking with mexican leaders about the fight against spiraling drug violence ?
as well as the three new cases in ankara , another two people in the eastern region of van have also tested positive for h n , onal said .
. get hands on help
the royal bahamas police force has said its findings reflected those of the private autopsy , but an inquest is to start march in the bahamas to determine the official cause of daniel s death .
earlier this month , he said that despite the scandal associated with the seat , he wanted the job .
times square alliance president tim tomkins says about people will be filling the air with paper .
the caricature of the alaskan governor was flanked by a smaller effigy of democratic presidential nominee barack obama , wearing a military style helmet .
we found no evidence to support antioxidant supplements for primary or secondary prevention , they added . beta carotene , vitamin a and vitamin e given singly or combined with other antioxidant supplements significantly increase mortality .
the experimental device , unveiled friday , is designed to support bodyweight , reduce stress on the knees and help people get up steps and stay in crouching positions .
but schultz said he believes the company s main problem was it lost its focus on customers in recent years as it concentrated on growth .
republican leaders say they want time to look over the plan .
out of the nine united new democratic party undp members , four will be eliminated early next month , to make the race more efficient and appealing to voters .
quikscat is another tool that we use to forecast , lixion avila said . the forecast will not be degraded if we don t have the quikscat .
one of the videos shows the explosion of a train seconds after it leaves the liverpool street station heading for aldgate east .
defending champion and fifth seed daniela hantuchova of slovakia was up against china s zheng jie .
the wife of missing adventurer steve fossett has asked a court to declare him dead .
the demonstrations in beijing marked a watershed for hong kong .
about . million koreans are internet addicts .
i jumped the walls at night to sleep in there , but the place was too damp when unheated , he says .
former nebraska sen . bob kerrey , a friend of martin s , presided over saturday s ceremony , alan nierob said .
press secretary robert gibbs on the cbs early show this morning
as dusk fell on that day , many of those left in baghdad ordinarily a city of million abandoned its normally bustling streets for the safety of their homes , shelters or the countryside , anticipating night attacks .
passengers gave higher ratings to airlines last year .
the democratic editorial contrasts clinton and obama calling her the brilliant if at times harsh sounding senator from new york and him the incandescent if still undefined senator from illinois .
the resolution , which the senate approved thursday on a vote , called for washington to support a political settlement among iraq s major factions based upon the provisions of the constitution of iraq that create a federal system of government and allow for the creation of federal regions .
i believe that what we are doing , it is in the interest of the palestinians , it is in the interest of the lebanese , siniora said . watch lebanese pm fouad siniora say the army are not killers
mccartney is divorcing heather mills mccartney .
president lee myung bak said monday that increasingly deteriorating international circumstances may negatively affect south korea s struggle to reinvigorate economic growth and tame inflation .
the total number of foreigners in korea will soon reach one million , which makes up about percent of the population , excluding about , illegal immigrant workers , and without proper actions , the government will face serious problems soon .
putin s comments , which will be popular among ordinary russians in a year when there is a parliamentary election , are the latest in a line of harsh outbursts against the west .
men charged with plotting to kill obama
the state has electoral votes .
russia and iran signed a nuclear fuel supply deal long opposed by washington sunday , paving the way for iran to start up its first atomic reactor next year .
olmert s administration has been plagued by low approval ratings in opinion polls in the wake of israel s war against lebanon based hezbollah militants .
jamal abdullah , an iraqi kurdish regional government spokesman , reacted to the turkish vote by saying the solution should be a political and diplomatic one , not a military one .
i m deeply affected by it .
she said she had taken the money to her office for safekeeping on june and did not manage to put it in a safety deposit box before police discovered it late last month .
for water , that means cleaner drinking .
a dispute about adult contents in the internet portals is growing .
a goal was on the cards and it duly arrived just after the half hour mark with henry racing onto a slide rule pass from andres iniesta
a senior north korean official said the stalinist state would mercilessly crush us and japanese forces if they threatened his country .
those who have overstayed their visa by less than a year and hold an f visa or an e visa , will be allowed to switch to the new h visa . for most ethnic koreans from the regions , two visas have been issued one year f visa , which requires an invitation by korean relatives , or the e visa , a special work permit for nonprofessional jobs .
the coordinated bombings on four morning commuter trains killed people and wounded more than , on march , , just three days before the last general elections .
shops were shuttered and many muslim residents closed themselves in their homes , fearing reprisal attacks .
justice minister kumio hatoyama s comments came during a news conference at the foreign correspondents club of japan on monday when he was explaining japan s new , tougher immigration procedures , which will require foreigners to provide finger prints and photographs upon entering the country .
charred cradles , baby beds and teddy bears were scattered around the three gutted rooms , and smoke continued to drift through corridors hours after the fire .
now he estimates that in the next months , there will be more than , residents just in the core of downtown .
travelers know how unpredictable the weather can be , but this summer they also learned that travel companies especially airlines love to invoke weather as an excuse for their shortcomings .
prosecutors announced thursday they are opening criminal proceedings against the cult s leader , father pyotr kuznetsov .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
it s a really small , important physical representation of a horrific thing that happened in many places , she told cnn .
and committed multiple robberies and assaults , among other crimes , the department of justice said in a written statement .
the team , nicknamed the lions of mesopotamia , were due to be whisked to the green zone for an official ceremony inside the heavily fortified compound that protects u . s . and iraqi authorities .
it will be their final encounter before next week s crucial primaries in ohio and texas .
u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe said wednesday at least nine u . n . staff members were killed in the bombing , while several others are still missing .
president bush admitted mistakes but defended his accomplishments in the final white house news conference of his presidency monday .
soluble fiber helps trap cholesterol in the digestive tract so that it passes through your body rather than getting into your bloodstream .
they appeared to be driving normally , certainly better than probably some other people on that road , sgt matt clifford of the moree police said .
it said the prince , second in line to the throne , had been warned by his grandmother queen elizabeth , that he was in danger of creating another diana if he rushed into marriage .
although iceland is seismically active , its last major quakes were on june and june , , with quakes of . and . , respectively .
he then retired to rangoon , where he lived under the protection of the military rulers , despite the us offering million dollars m for his capture .
it did not say how it obtained them .
shiites were persecuted under hussein , and they want to punish convicted members of the former regime .
the protesters carried banners , iraqi flags and pictures of anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr and his father . al sadr has called for three days of mourning to mark the destruction of the two minarets at the askariya shrine .
there are no rules to starting a walking program .
we have about people on atvs , horseback , walking anything they can find to get them into the canyon , said derks .
south korea faces a daunting task of redefining military ties with the united states .
last week us president george w bush said he was still optimistic there would be a middle east peace deal before he leaves office next january .
it is not appropriate for the security council to impose such a tribunal on lebanon , south african ambassador dumisani kumalo told the council .
as for sen . clinton , geffen is quoted by dowd as saying , not since the vietnam war has there been this level of disappointment in the behavior of america throughout the world , and i don t think that another incredibly polarizing figure , no matter how smart she is and no matter how ambitious she is and god knows , is there anybody more ambitious than hillary clinton ? can bring the country together .
the violence began july when about militant islamic students attacked a police checkpoint close to the mosque .
economist john ryding of rdq economics says things are getting worse instead of better .
ahmad fayyazbakhsh , the deputy head of iran s atomic energy organization in charge of power plants , said the plants would be light water reactors , each with the capacity to generate up to , megawatts of electricity .
just one day before the crucial beijing talks , the u . s . state department plans to announce additional sanctions on north korean entities connected to missile proliferation .
first impression
spears married federline in and filed for divorce in .
barack obama has condemned the attacks that happened when barack obama was eight years old .
olmert said the intelligence report launched an exaggerated debate that caused some to believe it signaled a u . s . retreat from its support of israel , a belief the prime minister called groundless .
in the aftermath of the storm , jamaica s government declared a state of emergency late sunday , meaning only essential personnel were allowed to be out in the elements , journalist kirk abrahams told cnn .
dotted along the red craggy cliffs are dozens of fortress like mud and brick houses with high walls pockmarked by rocket and bullet holes , ubiquitous reminders of war .
most skeptics are not really familiar with the evidence that we ve found , and they usually have a vested interest in the other theories that they crashed at sea or were captured by the japanese , he said .
the new design is a chance for others to put a tag on their cars with something they believe in , he said .
in he founded the silk road project , a multi cultural exchange designed to help artists and musicians share ideas across borders .
last week , police arrested leaders of an outlawed basque pro independence party , batasuna , on suspicion of aiding eta .
after bush s announcement , abbas said tuesday that he will not back down on his demand that east jerusalem be named the capital of any future palestinian state .
but for now , mark , the president is focusing on america s vets on this veterans day ?
the government has kicked off a campaign to reduce suicides , which now outnumber deaths by car accidents .
the former cricket star and leader of the movement for justice party staged a hunger strike and had said he would do so until the supreme court justices fired by musharraf were reinstated .
that publicity would be a departure , north korea watchers said , from pyongyang s usual practice of clamping a blackout on news about the dear leader before a trip abroad .
duncan , a perennial all star , just led the san antonio spurs to the nba championship , winning the fourth title of his career .
the prototype combines slightly different angles of the same image to create video that appears to have different depths .
she dreaded a similar fate .
this is all about iran , said the official , who spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity because discussions with the saudis are still going on and the arms sale deal has not been completed .
israeli forces fired at beirut s airport setting fuel tanks on fire , and struck the main beirut damascus road .
the head of the firm s seoul branch and an executive at lg group will also be indicted , prosecutors said .
according to the arresting affidavits , nowak drove from houston to orlando after discovering shipman s flight plans on oefelein s computer .
samburu , kenya cnn kenya , one of the most prosperous and tourist friendly countries in africa , has seen up to billion in losses linked to the bloody turmoil following president mwai kibaki s disputed re election , officials said .
five soldiers paid the ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the iraqi and american people . i ask you remember these fallen heroes and their families as well as their wounded brethren in your thoughts and prayers , said col . allen batschelet , chief of staff for multi national division baghdad .
a total of people were on board the princess of the stars including passengers , according to the ship s owner , sulpicio lines .
kim lag jung of the ministry s public affairs office told the korea times .
wednesday s spacewalk was especially hazardous because of the risk of being shocked .
the u . s . fish and wildlife service spends about million a year managing grizzly bears and wolves in montana , idaho and wyoming .
on a good day , banafsha will trek back across the steep hills to the home she helped her mother build , with some bread in her bag and maybe cents .
ngoue said some rescue workers were on standby in douala .
the nasdaq and s p were suffering similar falls of about . percent .
obama chides illinois governor s decision to fill senate seat
but mice with certain nasal cells removed through genetic engineering didn t display any fear , said research team leader ko kobayakawa .
the korea times reports disgraced scientist hwang woo suk will resume cloning research next week with his former colleagues , according to hwang s lawyer lee geon haeng tuesday .
in dickens world , rat catchers hunt vermin on london s cobbled streets , pickpockets roam the streets and visitors line up for a fun tastic water ride .
the offices of the un high commissioner for refugees located across the street from the u . n . headquarters were leveled by a blast that struck about a . m . a . m . et tuesday .
an idf spokeswoman said a tank fired shells toward palestinian militants and an israeli aircraft fired at an armed palestinian approaching israeli forces .
the three of us spent hours talking about everything , and we have sort of similar upbringings , and we re all from new york .
chavez ordered battalions of troops to the colombian border sunday and closed venezuela s embassy in bogota .
riccio , who tmz . com says is the source of the profanity laced recording , further told kvvu that simpson entered the room while riccio was being shown the items .
race favorite alexander vinokourov lost ground on the leaders in the tour de france and suffered a deep cut on his right knee after crashing during thursday s fifth stage .
niigata police were planning to mobilize about , riot police during the ship s planned two day visit as a precaution against expected protests by rightists and supporters of japanese who were kidnapped by north korean spies decades ago .
the jobless rate has recovered to . percent from the record level of . percent that it hit in february .
us intelligence officials believe the plotters hoped to stage a practice run followed by actual attacks on up to planes within days . uk police said they could have caused mass murder on an unimaginable scale .
police said they included gang shootings , drive by attacks , and even one case in which someone used an ak to shoot up a plumbing supply store .
some professors of seoul national university and others of korea university demanded opposition lawmakers scrap the impeachment motion and apologize for plunging the nation into political turmoil .
taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi said the militants would not kill any of the remaining south korean hostages until the face to face meetings have been held .
it also denied that the country s military junta was holding any prisoners for political reasons .
he was hit by shrapnel in the lower abdomen but survived .
if japan shows sincere attitude toward resolving various factors that trigger conflicts , our basic stance is that the summit meeting can occur whenever it is possible , lee kyu hyung , vice minister of foreign affairs and trade , told reporters in seoul .
she described him as sallow skinned and scruffy , and said that he claimed to be collecting money for an orphanage in a nearby village .
each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government .
people are coming back to see if there s another letter , if he s survived , to see what he s doing , bill lamin , a year old schoolteacher , told the associated press from praa sands in cornwall , southwestern england . it captures people .
he was killed in the assault , along with another attacker and a presidential bodyguard .
spain is a giant construction site in a dig at its building boom and luxembourg is a gold covered nugget sporting a for sale sign .
kitt died on christmas day of colon cancer .
before the ruling , thaksin had also appealed for calm from exile in london . we have to respect the rules of the game . that is , the rule of the law , he said .
meanwhile , it was eerily calm in tuxpan , where people strolled across the bridge spanning the tuxpan river minutes after the storm came ashore about miles kilometers to the south .
kowalski is a recognizable type , the gruff , sometimes bigoted old man who may be hiding more heart than he lets on .
george papandreou , the leader of the main opposition socialist party pasok , conceded defeat .
swimmers were ordered out of the water , and a hour swimming advisory was posted for an mile stretch of beach , said capt . craig miller of the city s marine safety department .
ferries are the common means of transport in indonesia , but overcrowding has often led to accidents .
but he added he s not worried about bank failures because he thinks banks entered the current downturn with sufficient capital and have been able to raise additional funds .
reports show japan s economy suffering
ghazi said no to every offer from the government , according to hussain .
in the new application , shin is accused of embezzlement , in addition to academic forgery .
the bbc is reporting an investigation into fraud allegations against a leading south korean presidential candidate has been reopened just days before the vote .
four people were seriously hurt in the accident by hornbreen glacier on the norwegian archipelago of svalbard and were flown south to a hospital in tromsoe on the mainland .
activists released graphic photos of dead bodies showing bullet wounds .
dismantling the crane , which remains balanced on a building , will be a risky undertaking , lt . gov . david paterson said just two days before he replaces gov . eliot spitzer , who announced his resignation last week .
the army s top recruiter says obesity will be a bigger challenge than any other problem keeping future recruits out of the military .
bush and china s hu discussed bilateral relations and the iranian and korean peninsula nuclear issues , xinhua reported .
the ministry of internal affairs and communications said the total number of jobless was down , on year , marking the th consecutive month of decline .
the meiji jingu shrine tells of the city s shinto heritage and there s something timeless about the charming chaos of tsukiji fish market .
milan , meanwhile , must decide whether or not to include beckham in their european plans having been paired with werder bremen in the last of the uefa cup .
a second outbreak of bird flu has been detected in seosan , about kilometers north of iksan where the appearance of fatal h n virus led to a massive culling of poultry and other animals .
orange , california cnn bobby brown claims in a lawsuit that whitney houston has kept him from seeing their teenage daughter .
rounding up a lot of the usual suspects , the cannes film festival presents a lineup from an illustrious if somewhat predictable gang of regulars , including clint eastwood , steven soderbergh , woody allen , atom egoyan and wim wenders .
mccain already has been turning his fire on the democrats , new york sen . hillary clinton and illinois sen . barack obama , for whom tuesday s races in ohio and texas are seen as pivotal .
his encampment grew to include polemical posters , wooden crosses , teddy bears , and graphic images of children maimed or killed by u . s . weapons .
pricy , high margin sport utility vehicles suvs continue to roar out of showrooms .
now the ball is in north korea s court to take the next important steps , he said .
the first same sex marriages are expected within hours in iowa , where a state supreme court ruling legalizing the unions took effect this morning .
those products were sold nationwide from july through august .
her disappearance drew headlines around the world .
seoul national university snu president chung un chan on monday urged the government to reconsider its ban on the high school ranking system .
including lg and samsung are expected to produce their own google phones over the next months .
lee was sent to work at a machine tool factory .
the feds latest effort to battle the credit crunches to buy commercial paper for money market mutual funds .
doctors in seoul and incheon will walk off the job and hold massive rallies outside the government complex in gwacheon , gyeonggi province . they will discuss further action .
and back to the future .
up to you , garrett . it s your turn , said eyharts , who spent months at the international space station , less time than planned because of the previous shuttle flight s delay in getting him there .
the atlanta event was the th startup weekend since the concept was created in boulder , colorado , in july .
a spokesman for rep . maxine waters , a democrat from california who led the group , said the congresswoman had earlier urged for a boycott of the games .
no one wants to achieve this goal more than the iraqis themselves , he said .
more than a month after the elections , results from the presidential race have not been announced .
podesta pointed out that there is a lot the president can do without waiting for congress , and voters can expect to see obama do so to try and restore a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good .
the drop sent stocks lower for february , the fourth straight month of declines .
on friday , the queen will open the biennial commonwealth heads of goverment summit , which uganda is hosting for the first time .
and each stateroom has a bathroom with a bathtub also relatively uncommon on non luxury cruise ships .
they often disregarded the legal ceiling and used illegal ways at retrieving the funds .
relations between washington and tehran are already tense over iran s nuclear program .
china says people have been killed by rioters incited by tibetan separatists .
his visit comes as the size of the british force in iraq is being reduced by about , soldiers to , troops .
mccarthy was a senator who was known for leveling accusations that people were communists or spying for the russians in the s .
police monitored the site for several months beginning in july , he said .
the plan was announced before president hu jintao goes to washington to push western leaders to give poorer countries a bigger role in global financial institutions at a nov . summit of the group of major economies on the financial crisis .
one of the two suspects held at glasgow airport on saturday suffered severe burns and remains in critical condition , and under armed police guard , at royal alexandra hospital , in paisley . the links between the three attempted car bombings in glasgow and london are becoming ever clearer , the uk s top counter terrorism officer has said .
pakistani officials have blamed mehsud s forces for a number of attacks directed against the government , including one this week in which islamic militants overran a military outpost in south waziristan .
his wife , kalsoom nawaz , has vowed to return to pakistan in coming days to fight on her husband s behalf , she told cnn .
south koreans are virtually painting the town red in the wake of their historic world cup victory over italy .
pakistan has experienced a wave of deadly attacks , most of them suicide bombings , that it blames on islamic militants .
he is suspected of islamic extremist activities during the past years , the spanish statement said . the other man , mohamed el bay , is wanted
amid thousands of cheering supporters , gore began by addressing head on the criticism that obama doesn t have enough experience to lead the nation .
much of last year , the question had been on when the boj would raise rates .
thirty five percent of women versus percent of men rated sex as not at all important .
clients of prostitutes are not punished in many countries , including italy .
video from outside the jail shows simpson , wearing a gray suit and white shirt , get into a car that was immediately driven away .
just as cnn asks its real life audience to submit i reports user generated content submitted from cell phones , computers , cameras and other equipment for broadcast and online reports the network is encouraging residents of second life to share their own sl i reports about events occurring within the virtual world .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon warned friday of a growing humanitarian crisis in somalia and said . million people were in need of humanitarian assistance , a rise of percent since the start of the year .
both are assigned to the u . s . army s st battalion , infantry regiment , th brigade airborne , th infantry division , based at fort richardson , alaska .
asked whether he personally had pressed king abdullah about the matter , bush responded , i talked to king abdullah about the middle eastern peace . i don t remember if that subject came up .
if pyongyang does not officially announce its return to the negotiating table by next week , the possibility of reopening the multilateral dialogue within this year will become really slim , an official in seoul said on thursday .
his negatives are that he appears at times to be playing at half speed and to have more interest in stylin than anything of substance .
if iran continues on its current course , cheney said the u . s . and other nations are prepared to impose serious consequences .
the korean bar association kba has opposed a bill designed to severely punish spouses committing marital rape , claiming that it may accelerate the breakdown of the family if legislated .
but in a statement , it said all emmy judges are required to sign a confidentiality agreement .
the torches and fuel used in the relay were specially developed by chinese research , allowing the flame to continue burning at such high elevations , etzler said .
the vote was far short of the two thirds majority needed to override the veto .
that s all we want , and that s not too much to ask .
london , england cnn cocaine abusing celebrities are glamorizing the use of narcotics and encouraging more young people to use illegal substances , the united nations drug control agency has warned .
in the villages , prices are high because stores must keep up with freight costs , and the tiny communities simply can t support much competition , said state labor economist neal fried .
ronaldo dismisses new link with real madrid
the massive implosion at the yongbyon facility was intended to be a powerful public symbol of a move to end nuclear activities by the communist nation once branded a member of an axis of evil by u . s . president george w . bush .
venus williams reached the australian open quarterfinals for the first time in five years , beating poland s marta domachowska , on monday at melbourne park .
although the film is not scheduled for release in afghanistan , there are concerns that pirated dvds could reach kabul and some residents might react violently to the rape scene .
bishop alberto ricardo da silva , in his sunday mass in the capital , dili , asked all parties to accept the election results .
interrogations , al mashadani shed light on the workings of al qaeda in iraq and its connection with al qaeda outside of iraq , bergner said .
serbian tv showed someone trying to set fire to the u . s . flag at the embassy , which was closed and unstaffed when the masked protesters attacked .
in coming years , the bureau wants to compare palm prints , scars and tattoos , iris eye patterns , and facial shapes .
the project , entitled kingdom city , will span million square meters million square feet and will include luxury homes , hotels and offices .
a watch means hurricane conditions are possible within hours . felix is expected to impact prime honduran real estate along the coast .
. event planner
lee also vowed to boost ties with the united states and called for summits with north korea as needed , according to an advance copy of the speech .
there are people who change their names , use wrongly obtained passports , and pretend to be other people , said toshihiro higaki , an immigration official at narita international airport near tokyo . the measure also works as a deterrent .
at a forum organized by the commerce ministry for existing and potential investors , roh said his purpose was to explain his administration s position and offer reassurances after the north s oct .
barack obama , percent to percent , in the democratic race .
the fbi and the postal inspection service are investigating more than angry letters containing a white powdery substance recently sent to banks , officials said tuesday .
the korea times characterized kim s resignation as a strong remonstration against chun , who ordered him last wednesday to have the prosecution investigate dongguk university s prof .
there are a lot of behavioral economists who really do say that , and really do pay , says laibson , who studies the psychological factors that play into economic decisions .
then prime minister tony blair assured the government s intelligence and security committee last march that the united states had never rendered any detainees through the uk or its overseas territories since sept . , .
legendary designer yves saint laurent , who reworked the rules of fashion by creating elegant pantsuits that came to define how modern women dressed , died sunday evening , a longtime friend and associate said .
the president is promising the new grads , who are becoming navy and marine corps officers , he will only send young americans into battle when it is absolutely necessary , and when the mission is well defined .
germany s lufthansa technik and switzerland s jet aviation have announced their intention to convert the enormous airliner into a flying mansion replete with private bedrooms , a movie theater , and a gym fitted with saunas and jacuzzis .
last year , to avoid embarrassing visiting chinese president hu jintao , india imposed a series of restrictions on tibetan activists and protesters .
they will take members of a community , and hold them , trying to get the community to act in ways they want with the threat of killing these hostages , garver said .
the air over the south pole usually becomes coolest in august and september .
i changed welfare , i changed quality of life , i took on homelessness i did all the things that they think makes you mean and i believe show true compassion and true love for people .
after scientists pieced together the broken pieces of the ancient genome , their analysis began .
under the curfew , which began early on wednesday , troops movements will be restricted to allow them a period of reflection , a military statement said .
over the years , city authorities have employed monkey catchers who use langurs a larger and fiercer kind of monkey to scare or catch the macaques , but the problem persists .
football s governing body fifa has launched an investigation into why there were , empty seats at the opening world cup match at seoul .
chavez called the attack a cowardly murder and blamed the united states , a close ally of colombia .
a rescue team was also shelled as it tried to clear the rubble .
dane michael rasmussen of the rabobank team retained the overall leader s yellow jersey after finishing in the bunch .
rice said flatly that no country , including russia , would have a veto on issues the united states decides in its own national security interests .
a dna test confirmed him as the father with . percent certainty , said dr . michael baird , who performed the test and revealed the results to a closed session of a bahamian court tuesday .
during his day space trip , shukor is to study of the effects of microgravity and space radiation on cells and microbes , as well as experiments with proteins for a potential hiv vaccine .
some experts say february just looked good because january was so bad , but chief economist david krauh of the national association of home builders says there may be a bottom forming here
but researchers speculated that it developed around the same time as or even later than the first two wing , birdlike dinosaur , archaeopteryx , which is believed to have flown by actually flapping its wings .
that would be awesome because it would mean that there is a williams in the final , venus said .
the palace was the third .
bush s national security adviser , condoleezza rice , emerged as the likely candidate to replace powell .
he called it a new mechanism , like the one we use with cuba .
the government says it is prepared to get stricter with protesters .
but after abbas expelled the islamic group from the palestinian government , olmert had signaled he would unfreeze the money .
in the past two years , four members of the lebanese parliament have been assassinated .
then a few months later during campaigning for the presidential elections , ohmynews coverage caught the attention of many and year olds .
the japanese government claims it is an anti terrorism measure but others call it discrimination .
the u . s . department of agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating billion worth of crops each year in the united states .
ninety out of the legislators of the governing uri party also urged the government to present a troop pullout timetable .
one santa says you see things behind the beard that no one else will ever see or hear
would you rather take your middle schooler golfing or mountain biking ?
during a visit to a school in shifang , where more than children were trapped beneath rubble , chinese premier wen jiabao promised that saving lives was a top priority .
he s one of our nicest guests .
the chip dislodging , or the body having some kind of reaction to the plastic used to make the sensor .
washington cnn the senate judiciary committee s ranking republican warned attorney general alberto gonzales to avoid generalizations and deal with the facts , two days before gonzales is expected to answer questions about the dismissal of eight u . s . attorneys .
meanwhile , the number of long timers continuing to receive unemployment benefits hit a record high for the th week in a row .
south african officials have repeatedly warned in recent years of a looming shortage of burial plots , attributed in part to rapid urbanization and a cultural reluctance among african families to consider options such as cremation .
a year old girl hit her head while on a spinning ride at an amusement park , putting her in intensive care .
a red cross official said the relief group also lost three disaster trailers , lights and generators that would have been used to respond to the disaster .
people are also worried about contagion in europe . if the u . s . slows down , will it trigger a slowdown in europe ?
ethanol development agreement reached
it abolished the senior secretary for political affairs , who has dealt with the national assembly .
the economics of running a business nonstop are elementary .
but gen . yasar buyukanit said he had asked for approval during a news conference on april , when he said an operation into iraq is necessary .
the violence broke out after anti chavez demonstrators led by university students marched peacefully to the supreme court to protest constitutional changes that venezuelans will consider in a december referendum .
the astronauts worked through a series of pre landing procedures sunday and monday , including a thorough inspection of the shuttle s wing leading edges and nose cap for any micrometeorite or orbital debris damage that might have occurred while the shuttle has been in space .
survivor ruth bamggadan told cnn that the plane hit the ground and stopped suddenly . she said she saw flames outside her window .
spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero canceled his schedule for the weekend and made a statement offering condolences to the slain civil guard s family , as well as words of support for the other civil guard who is in a french hospital .
. toy creator
tear your eyes from the dubbed american movies shown along the way and you may spot a dolphin or two frolicking in the pacific ocean .
sponsors say that on a , car , that would be about a tax break .
bush announced no new federal dollars for stem cell research , which supporters say holds the promise of disease cures , and his order would not allow researchers to do anything they couldn t do under existing restrictions .
the korea times reports the disclosure followed an announcement of the united states forces korea last month that it will reduce its south korean workforce by , at u . s . military facilities by september , to meet a potential funding shortfall in the wake of the seoul washington agreement to reduce seoul s share of defense costs .
also wednesday , olympic torch relay organizers said the flame will make a one day stop in tibet s capital of lhasa on saturday .
the chinese would then turn the papers over to the u . s . state department , which is expected to announce that north korea has been removed from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism .
before sending the bill to the president tuesday afternoon , democratic congressional leaders urged bush to sign the bill and begin winding down the war .
the us and iran have taken a first step toward thawing relations .
ap correspondent john gambro reports there s also sad news about a tv anchor woman in little rock , arkansas . hospital officials at st .
hawking had canceled an appearance at arizona state university on april because of his illness .
the president spoke to reporters before meeting late tuesday with saudi king abdullah , whose country holds the world s largest supply of oil .
hong seok hyun ambassdor to the united states under demands for his resignation .
two germans were also kidnapped last week .
the restaurant seats up to and takes reservations .
at a news briefing on the first day of the eighth round of the fta talks between the two sides in seoul on thursday , cutler said , for a balanced , high quality agreement and to meet the deadline we re determined to do something .
the joong ang ilbo reports the leadership of the governing uri party and the roh administration proposed yesterday that former president kim dae jung and the grand national party leader park geun hye visit pyeongyang as special envoys for peace .
sunlight
ashcroft said at a news conference that there is credible intelligence about the terrorists efforts , but there is no information about when , where or how an attack might occur .
according to the bank of korea bok , it posted a deficit of . billion won us . million last year , down . trillion won from a year earlier .
critics have questioned the importance of the information obtained from zubayda , and the entire question of what type of interrogation techniques are appropriate for use by the united states became a key issue in the confirmation process for attorney general michael mukasey .
musharraf and other pakistani leaders , however , have repeatedly said it is their military not that of the united states that will fight elements of al qaeda and the taliban that are believed to live and train in the mountainous region of pakistan that borders afghanistan .
he said we need to understand more the development .
the court s decision on monday upheld an earlier ruling by a district court against the kennel owner .
i know that senator obama will be a good friend to israel , the new york senator and former first lady said .
two children were injured in the panic , but there was no damage to that school , she said .
president george w bush s nominee to be the new commander of us military forces in the middle east has called for a new and different approach in iraq .
hu , who will hold bilateral talks with mbeki on tuesday as well as address university students , is expected to sign a number of agreements , including on the export of south african fruit to china as well as in the energy and mining sectors .
liking empty restaurants , liking empty movie theaters unless i am starring in it .
this is a very sensitive issue , boulos was quoted as saying on reuters . com .
when no one wanted to drive home , he volunteered .
chung s mottos are growth without discrimination and a peace economy as he will seek to power the economy through promoting peace on the korean peninsula .
tehran , iran cnn a top iranian security official says his country sees no need to put seized british sailors and marines on trial and that the ongoing dispute between iran and britain over their captivity can be resolved diplomatically .
the joong ang ilbo reports a previously undisclosed north korean and russian plan to link the trans siberian railroad with rajin , north korea s northeastern most port , was revealed yesterday .
the company i was with decided to downsize , and that left us with a fairly large mortgage , no income and no healthcare benefits , she said .
south korea first got indications of the blast from a satellite , but it was too early to say whether it was a bomb , according to a senior south korean .
a sound system blared a high pitched song
later in the video , which is about an hour long and takes the form of a documentary , the self proclaimed american jihadist makes explicit threats against the united states and u . s . interests , singling out embassies and consulates . watch a silent excerpt of the video raquo
the new iraqi government won t have the authority to evict american forces from iraq , a top state department official said thursday
the south korean government said it was maintaining constant contact with the kidnappers and that it is mobilizing effective measures for a solution .
turkish planes bombed an area of iraq near the border with turkey on tuesday to attack kurdish separatists and the army said it had killed at least guerrillas in its air offensive earlier this month .
four crew members on a sri lanka air force bell helicopter were killed when their aircraft crash landed in mihintale , near anuradhapura .
on wednesday , president rafael correa declared a state of emergency and ordered , members of the army and the police to help rescue workers .
quoting a foreign ministry spokesman s statement , the north s official news agency reported that pyongyang will dispatch its delegates to beijing for the fifth round of the talks at a date to be determined through consultations .
we ve seen this in previous counterinsurgency operations , using local nationals , arming them and forming them into scouts , he told cnn .
at saturday rallies palin pressed democrat barack obama on his association with s radical bill ayres .
the auc also detailed past cases of lost luggage and various airlines failure to meet the desired service standards .
says tadashi matsumoto , who oversees biotech r d at kyowa hakko , a japanese chemicals company
in the worst attack , a suicide bomber killed people at a mosque in baladruz , north east of baghdad .
others , like angel chan , have produced beautiful designs using thermochromic inks that change color when you touch or breathe them , while montreal s xs labs has used a shape memory alloy called nitinol to produce extraordinary dresses that change shape while you wear them .
president hu will visit the offices of microsoft and boeing during a two day trip to washington state .
it was dubbed warming island by american explorer dennis schmitt when he discovered in that it had emerged from under the retreating ice .
meanwhile , pastor bae hyung kyu was finally laid to rest in services yesterday at saemmul church in bundang , the church where he began the journey that led him to afghanistan and death at the hands of barbarictaliban militants .
stephan beckert , an analyst with telegeography , a research company that consults on global internet issues , said the damaged cables collectively account for the majority of international communications between europe and the middle east .
i think this issue is still on , though i think we can still talk about it .
minister of construction and transportation choo byung jik and two presidential aides offered to resign tuesday , holding themselves responsible for what critics called the failure of the government s real estate policy .
a kilometer half a mile away , communist authorities welcomed a swarm of capitalist investors from south korea .
they are also expected to discuss a blueprint to revamp the government bureaucracy , which will involve merging overlapping ministries and possibly reducing the number of cabinet level agencies from to about .
vowing they would fix the system if the party wins the december presidential election , gnp lawmakers claimed the government s idea to consolidate press rooms was dictatorship like .
the judge has been waiting for years to talk to chirac himself about how much he knew about the financing scandal , which has already targeted several former colleagues of chirac s .
the clashes saturday over alleged election fraud killed at least nine people and injured police officers , a government official told cnn sunday .
the talks were the seventh of their kind .
rescuers from russia , south korea and singapore were expected to arrive soon .
they won control of the legislatures in five out of the country s states , and an unprecedented of the seats in the house of representatives .
security experts say the cleric is a founding member of regional islamic militant group jemaah islamiah .
a leading moscow university ordered its foreign students on thursday to remain in their dormitories for the next three days because of fears of ethnic violence before adolf hitler s birthday , students said .
khawthar al jouan , a female lawyer who helped fight the latest case in court , told reporters in kuwait
if taxes get too high , people drop out of the work force , and pay less taxes .
mountain lion tracker jack childs also worries about the impact of the fence on local wildlife , especially the jaguar .
the prisoners , discovered by us forces on tuesday , had reportedly been tortured and were malnourished .
new york , cnn the ex wife of french president nicolas sarkozy tied the knot sunday night at the famed rainbow room in new york s rockefeller center , french newspapers have reported .
the united nations has been actively participating and helping iraqi people through various means humanitarian , economic , and political facilitation , said ban .
on average , people die a year on mumbai s railways , crushed under trains , electrocuted by overhead power lines or killed as they lean from jam packed carriages to gasp for air . it is perhaps the world s deadliest commute .
both japan and china have claimed rights to develop the pinghu gas field which straddles an area both countries say is part of their territory .
dow down points , that s a little more than one and a half percent .
us authorities have charged four men with looting bones and body parts from more than , corpses and selling them for medical transplants .
georgian health officials said people sought medical treatment after the clashes , including police officers , and remained hospitalized thursday .
our beer keeps us glued to these bar chairs .
last month boeing said it won an order for a private dreamliner from hong kong real estate tycoon joseph lau , worth about million at list prices about three times as much as the costliest gulfstream .
but we can get more organs if the public believes that everyone has a fair chance to receive a transplant should they need one and that donation is not a matter of heroism but of common decency .
all jail inmates are required to call collect .
i looked at the computer screen and could see his character having sex with a female character . it s cheating as far as i m concerned .
unable to afford basic supplies , communities in central africa are increasingly turning to the forests for food .
peta said it was supporting the endeavor because more than billion chicken , fish , pigs and cows were killed every year for food in the united states in horrific ways .
this is a moment of hope and pride for our whole nation .
this was a not a legal divorce .
ducasse says the menu price is accessible to everyone about for lunch and for dinner , without wine . he shrugged off a question about whether setting up in france s most famous landmark with more than . million visitors last year might be too touristy for his elite brand .
whatever the intellectual content of the falun gong philosophy , the chinese government is certainly cracking down on falun gong supporters .
avoid anything too close to the big tourist attractions if the menu comes in four different languages and the clientele are all studying their guidebooks , you re better off skipping lunch !
the american people want us to work together .
the problem , confined to the urine side of the commode , forced the orbiting outpost s crew of an american astronaut and two russian cosmonauts to flush manually with extra water several times a day .
rafael nadal came back to win the final five games and beat jo wilfried tsonga on wednesday in an intense , crowd pleasing rematch of their australian open semifinal .
hundreds of mourners queued outside the christ the saviour cathedral . a cortege carrying yeltsin s body arrived at the cathedral accompanied by an honor guard of several hundred soldiers , reuters reported .
later , the un security council expressed shock and distress at the deaths of four of its observers in an israeli bombing raid , but did not formally condemn the strike despite lengthy negotiations .
police were forced to release an elephant handler arrested after the ban went into effect because there was no way to look after the elephant , which spent five hours chained outside the police station .
according to the ybm language institute www . ybmedu . com , , high school students , who took the test last year , scored an average of .
one study found that vaccination not only protected day care children against the flu but appeared to protect their non vaccinated siblings as well , presumably because of reduced exposure to the bug at home .
the optical illusion is one of the latest innovations being tested around the country to discourage speeding .
iran , which says it has a right to enrich to generate power , has repeatedly said it will not mothball its program .
clinton s campaign also excludes the caucus states in their popular vote count .
on tuesday , clinton won the florida primary , a contest her campaign said helped the senator regain momentum even though it awarded no delegates .
the taiwanese military informed the united states last week about their presence on the island .
as a condition of her release , nowak was ordered to wear a global positioning satellite device , known as a gps .
the detroit news , the country s th largest newspaper , is owned by medianews group and had a daily circulation of , in september .
parties are scheduled in dozens of venues in the british capital , from ritzy hotels to local sports bars .
after his tenure there , volcker worked in the private sector as an investment banker until .
a taste test panel would determine if the lab produced meat fitted the criteria .
but the authorities have not been able to keep up with the net s explosive growth .
spending on rebuilding disaster areas , such as sichuan province where , people were killed and millions left homeless by a massive earthquake in may , will also be sped up .
unusually for this time of year , the fjord is ice free .
he had no information on whether the wreckage was spread over a wide area but said authorities were certain it was the kenyan plane .
what should we do about it ?
compared to fenerbahce and the history of manchester united against roma , you would say yes , but you can say the same for liverpool , said wenger .
fifty billion coins and . billion banknotes from finland in the north to greece in the south .
led by priests in white robes , surrounded by red and gold candles , russians and world leaders paid their final respects to the man who presided over post soviet russia .
at the end of the struggle , the military government of chun doo hwan had to give way to democratic elections .
president barack obama is weighing in on the spiraling economy and the recovery package in an op ed piece in this morning s washington post .
we see the last stand only when somebody has , delegates , huckabee said tuesday .
there has been very little progress in the talks in the past two months , although north korea officials say efforts to dismantle the facility continue , but at a slower pace .
a storm watch means tropical storm conditions , including winds of at least mph kmh , are expected within hours .
nadal , who won two grand slam titles and the olympic gold medal this year as he supplanted roger federer at no . , said he was physically rundown .
police blamed the mehdi army for the violence , but it denied involvement .
a diplomatic gaffe marred saturday s inauguration of a china financed stadium on this caribbean island when a band performed taiwan s national anthem .
the gop leadership consists of minority leader mitch mcconnell of kentucky , assistant minority leader trent lott of mississippi , conference chairman jon kyl of arizona , policy committee chair kay bailey hutchison of texas , and senatorial committee chair john ensign of nevada .
with . percent of the precincts reporting , russia s central election commission said medvedev was leading with . percent of the vote .
washington is also reportedly prepared to discuss easing financial sanctions , as requested by pyongyang .
they do a stirring christmas infused rendition of toto s africa .
the victims plight could worsen this week as heavy rain is forecast , according to the associated press .
probably the best asset this city has to offer travelers no matter how gloomy the forecast is its extensive and reliable transit system .
the refinery fire in texas is making people a little concerned , said michael lynch , president of strategic energy economic research inc . in amherst , mass .
six other parties in the poll failed to reach a percent hurdle required to enter the lower house , the mazhilis , including the main opposition all national social democratic party ansdp which received . percent of the vote .
choi ki ho , a professor of the tax science graduate school of seoul national university , surveyed officials in charge of accounting at foreign firms on their satisfaction level of the nation s tax policy .
it has been the most unforgettable year of my life and i m back , and better than ever , conner said to wild applause from the audience .
one of the officials said obama challenged his economic team to think bolder as some economists warn there is danger in the government doing too little to curb the recession .
the federal emergency management agency announced it was sending teams to the hardest hit areas .
gm and chrysler both say that they need billions of dollars to stay in business after the end of the year .
miami , florida cnn an illegal immigrant dishwasher who lost , to the u . s . government as he tried to take it home to guatemala was very , very happy upon hearing of a federal appeals court ruling saying he is entitled to recover some of the money , his attorney told cnn wednesday .
although women trumped men in recent employment figures , there still are far less women in the career world .
marc morin , the lawyer of ms .
she s accused of harboring an american man who secretly swam across a lake to her home earlier this month .
in the end , drs .
his conviction was legally vacated as a result of his death .
authorities found the maple valley woman after detecting the general location of her cell phone thursday morning , then searching along highway near renton , southeast of seattle , the route she took home from work .
bush has already vetoed one bill linking funding to troop withdrawal .
the original starting point of the nagano relay , the city s famed zenkoji temple , declined to participate because of china s crackdown on buddhist monks in tibet , forcing officials to move the start of the relay .
berry had said she and aubry don t plan to marry , but feel fully committed to each other .
obama continued to look to the general election , focusing his attacks as he has for the past week on sen . john mccain , while commending clinton for her courage , her commitment and her perseverance .
libby , who was chief of staff to vice president dick cheney , faces five counts of perjury , making false statements and obstructing justice .
on monday night , government tests confirmed the latest outbreak in seoul was caused by the deadly h n virus , said yoon young ku , a spokesman at the agriculture ministry .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
washington wants the regulation scrapped to pave the way for a trade deal between the two nations .
bhutto spent her final moments giving a stirring address to thousands of supporters at a political rally in a park in rawalpindi , a city of roughly . million that is km miles south of the pakistani capital , islamabad .
interior minister hamid nawaz said the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber who was very close to the stage where party officials were assembled , the associated press reported .
on the other hand , small and medium sized companies , especially those engaging in so called d difficult , dangerous , and dirty businesses , are having serious difficulties in hiring workers .
each could serve up to years in jail .
former floor leader hong sa duk obtained only . percent of the vote .
a record of more than two and a half inches of rain fell yesterday at ucla .
one notable client was russian boxer kostya tszyu .
a hong kong journalist has been jailed for five years in communist china , after being convicted of spying .
oil prices held steady below a barrel wednesday in asia after dropping more than in the previous session on a growing sense that soaring prices have cut demand for gasoline and other fuel .
at the oberoi the military reportedly entered the building and a large explosion was heard shortly afterwards .
two more military fatalities were report , bringing that total to .
one possibility is that the soil mixed with acid vapors in the presence of water .
indonesians appease mountain gods with sacrifices
rabbits freeze in fields , egrets and huge blue herons stalk fish along streams and ponds , deer nibble grass , giant turkey vultures perch in trees , all sizes of turtles sun themselves .
wipha , a woman s name in thai , was upgraded from a tropical storm monday . watch cnn s international weather forecast raquo
he strongly condemns the use of armed force and military means by jem for the achievement of political ends , and calls for an immediate cessation of fighting and a renewed commitment to a peaceful resolution of outstanding issues , he said .
it s hard to see a win for sen . clinton into march , into ohio and texas , which i think was what they re counting on , trippi told cbs face the nation . but even that s in jeopardy , i think , as obama builds some momentum here .
in what was hailed as a truly defining moment for nato , the alliance has formally agreed to invite seven former communist states to join nato was as significant to them as the fall of the berlin wall .
colombia s problems with violence particularly labor strife could get worse unless congress approves a free trade deal with the country , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said .
obama retains his six point advantage in the new poll of polls , with percent of voters saying the democratic presidential nominee is their choice for president , and percent backing mccain , the republican presidential nominee .
the hostages are part of an original group of south korean christian aid workers most of them women abducted by taliban militants on july as they traveled on a bus in ghazni province in eastern afghanistan .
rescuers in helicopters and small fishing boats were searching off the coast of santa catarina state , where pieces of balloons were found .
helicopter gunships pounded pro taliban militants in the mountains of northwest pakistan on thursday , reportedly killing as many as in an increasingly bloody conflict between the government and islamist forces .
in fact , we had to cut a few times because we were laughing so hard .
on wednesday , lee will meet with american business leaders at a korea roadshow and visit the new york stock exchange .
over the last two months the economy has dominated headlines as mortgage defaults originating in the united states have felled once mighty banks worldwide and led to a freeze in credit that prompted massive government intervention .
wadah ismael al sheik investigated the assassination attempt which triggered the alleged massacre in dujail upon which the trial is based .
but now she s embarked on a new direction , one she says is truer to herself .
they ve sent their message , and now it is time to put politics behind us and support our troops with the funds they need .
we should not have dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima .
suspected islamic insurgents fired mortar rounds at a somali government meeting in mogadishu on thursday , barely missing the target but striking a nearby village , killing six civilians most of them children a government spokesman told cnn .
rather , the government has set three weeks a year as national holidays .
many skiers who visit colorado prefer the slopes of aspen , vail or breckenridge .
alaska governor sarah palin says she has been hurt by anonymous republican campaign sources , who are said to have told fox news that she didn t know africa was a continent , not a country , and she could not name the three countries in the north american free trade agreement .
people have different levels of susceptibility , similar to how some people cannot ride on a small boat without getting sick , stewart said . it s just a natural variation .
a co defendant , walter alexander , faces similar charges in an investigation dillon called still dynamic and still ongoing .
during the close air support , at least terrorists were killed and six suspected terrorists were assessed to be wounded by the strafing , the military said .
rice was speaking from the west bank , where she has been trying to get agreement for a peace summit in the us .
tim , retail sales at year lows , unemployment at year highs , u . s . automakers hanging by a thread , it s a recipe for a down day on wall street and prices are lower .
no lava erupted as part of the a . m . explosion .
however , according to one poll , more than half of britons believed camilla should not attend the official commemoration .
there remain some differences between us , but we can confirm we share his preference for early bilateral discussion to find a diplomatic solution to this problem . we will be following up with the iranian authorities tomorrow , given our shared desire to make early progress , the spokeswoman said .
taliban militants tuesday threatened to kill a third korean hostage today unless their demands for a prisoner swap are accepted by this afternoon kst .
lincoln wrote , please tell these little people i am very glad their young hearts are so full of just and generous sympathy and that , while i have not the power to grant all they ask , i trust they will remember that god has , and that , as it seems , he wills to do it .
even more will do the same when the lights are dimmed from until local time , overnight .
their wives even started a dress committee , to make sure the loser was appropriately attired , and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing dad in a dress .
howard stern doesn t have to go to larry birkhead for anything , rale said .
the israel antiquities authority reported a thrilling find sunday
we have been stockpiling those medications and they are ready as needed .
this was gecf s seventh ministerial meeting .
voters were streaming into a polling station in an elementary school in the capital dili early on monday .
the economy is likely to dominate thursday s debate , as both candidates look to appeal to supporters of edwards and his brand of economic populism .
cnn has also seen excerpts of what german intelligence officials say is a hour long , professionally produced bomb making tutorial .
last april , a greek flagged cruise ship carrying more than , passengers ran aground on a rocky reef while trying to dock at harbor of the holiday island of santorini . the boat later sank .
the debate broadcast in spanish on univision is his chance to break through that firewall , schneider said .
it was not possible to hear what they were discussing .
we decided to offer the overseas real estate mortgage since there has been increasing demand for this type of product among our customers recently , said an official of the bank .
mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls .
his sooners broke the ncaa season scoring record .
kim yong nam also called on the koreas to cooperate to achieve the reunification of the peninsula , which was divided in the wake of world war ii and still remains technically at war since the korean war ended in a cease fire . kim also repeated the north s calls for inter korean collaboration , an idea south korea has dismissed as a ploy to drive a wedge in seoul s alliance with washington .
sudan cut diplomatic ties sunday , accusing its western neighbor of helping train rebels who attacked a suburb of khartoum , sudan s capital , over the weekend .
with insurance , food , grooming and toys , a dog s life can come with a price tag of , , , according to the dogs trust .
u . s . undersecretary paula dobriansky , who led the task force , said the united states would attempt to resettle about , iraqi refugees from countries where they have fled from iraq .
rice is one of key sticky issues in the talks as farmers and civic groups have fiercely opposed the opening of the market .
described in the auction catalogue as one standard orange colored cassette tape with audio of lennon in fall of singing the lloyd price song just because , the never before heard in public cassette was given to the former owner personally by lennon , the auction house said .
militants linked to the taliban in the area near the afghan border say a truce reached with the pakistani government last september is off .
calls seeking comment from two assistant u . s . attorneys involved in the case were not immediately returned .
that older people have more immunity to the new virus , maybe because they were around during the swine flu scare of the s
has killed marines since monday and was part of an intensified uprising involving other sunni towns in northern and central iraq , and shiite population centers south of the capital .
lowering your cholesterol through eating habits and exercise means you can avoid the risk of side effects from medication entirely .
it s time to start rewarding good teachers , and stop making excuses for bad ones .
he osman is safe and well and with our staff in somalia .
many of them are bound for home ahead of the traditional lunar new year , also known as the spring festival , which falls on february .
koreans spending on overseas studies soared in the first eight months of the year from a year earlier , as an increasing number of high income earners sent their children overseas for a better education .
thousands of flag waving supporters , including key figures in the newly elected government , gathered at bangkok s main airport to greet him .
the red cross told the associated press that at least were burned to death at the church , some of them children .
the president also called on congress to finish the appropriations bills that fund the pentagon and department of veterans affairs before lawmakers holiday recess , set to begin in mid november .
we re florida tourists , so we know what it s about , white said . it didn t ruin the vacation , but it ain t helping the case .
two to three days worth of icebergs from this glacier alone produce enough fresh water to supply new york city for a year .
seven of them sustained moderate to serious wounds .
driven by fossett s fame and google search technology that enables couch potatoes to view from their computers high resolution photographs of the rugged nevada landscape where he went missing , thousands of amateur volunteers are trying to help the hundreds of official searchers .
al zawahiri s latest message like his last released january had harsh words for president bush and the united states .
seoul s sanctions are likely to consist of four parts
army division headquartered in the city with a population of , is a life or death issue for workers , taxi drivers , vendors , bar owners and others who earn their income by serving american servicemen .
the declaration by kosovo s government on sunday sparked widespread celebration from its majority of ethnic albanians , but its minority serb population still generally wants to be part of serbia .
a spring blizzard blamed for at least two traffic deaths , as more than a foot of snow falls in parts of kansas , the panhandles of texas and oklahoma .
confidence in the stock market evaporated almost from the opening bell , with the dow jones industrial average sinking below , about minutes into trading .
the ongoing fight against drugs and the drive to get more young people to take up sport .
herman rosenblat really was in a nazi concentration camp during world war ii
it s very typical of the soil here on earth minus the organics , kounaves said during a teleconference from tucson , arizona .
former north carolina sen . john edwards , who has been on a hour tour through iowa , attended a rally around midnight and made stops throughout the morning wednesday .
the year old mayweather said he was retiring following his victory over oscar de la hoya to win the wbc super welterweight title in may . however , the prospect of facing hatton , , has ensured his return to the ring .
phone companies have squabbled over details , and public safety agencies are short on resources .
moreover , even if educational quality could be accurately measured in these ways , the results would tell you only so much .
another document is described only as a june secret fbi electronic communication .
the talks with iraqi prime minister ibrahim jaafari and prime minister jalal talabani came as iraqi politicians are struggling to form a government of national unity .
the official communist party newspaper , the people s daily , said patriotism should be expressed rationally .
the woman from dijon , in eastern france , said drugs were ineffective against the excruciating pain caused by the condition and there was no reason doctors should not be permitted to hasten her death .
a cube shaped rock plucked out of his sifters turned out to be a . carat , tea colored diamond .
when psychologists ask moms in a general way if they like spending time with their kids , the overwhelming majority say they do because they re thinking of fun activities like reading a book or playing in the park .
the year old song , who belongs to the th class of the navy academy , is well known for having voiced his conviction on the protection of the western maritime border , northern limit line , which north korea insists be redrawn .
in mosul , about miles kilometers north of baghdad , three guards were killed and two were critically wounded when a bomb ripped through the reception lobby of a sunni political party s headquarters , mosul police said .
blair , who had long been a member of the church of england , converted to the catholic faith during a mass held friday night at a chapel in london , the catholic church said .
the killke occupied the region from to a . d . , prior to the arrival of the incas .
kerry accepted the democratic presidential nomination .
in the popular first person shooter grand theft auto , players who become nervous or frightened would have worse aim than those who remain relaxed and focused .
the bush administration is plotting a potential major air campaign and ground invasion to topple the iraqi government of president saddam hussein , the new york times reported .
under the moratorium , russia would halt inspections and verifications of its military sites by nato countries and would no longer limit the number of its conventional weapons , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
the phillies showed little evidence of rust .
he apparently is alluding to the failure of coalition forces to stop the suicide bomber who breached security in the green zone last month and detonated a bomb in the parliament cafeteria .
turkish troops in northern iraq were working to take over rebel strongholds and hideouts and render them useless , and to disrupt logistical supply lines .
he just wants the fans to know that he is definitely going to come back full speed ahead , parks said .
president george w . bush to be held as early as possible , the presidential office said wednesday .
madoff could get up to years in jail .
she s survived years in show business .
people came out of the machine crying , she said .
the year old was among members of his regiment who were awarded the operational service medal for afghanistan at the combermere barracks in windsor , west of london .
ethiopian olympic , meters champion kenenisa bekele set a stadium record and a year s best in the men s , meters , clocking seven minutes . seconds .
we re encouraged a lot to be individuals and go out there and do what you want , and nobody should stand in your way , kader said . i can see goals and ambitions getting in the way of other things like relationships .
dirty water already causes eight out of ten diseases in developing countries and will see more than m people dying as a result .
spanish police had been investigating the couple after hearing allegations they had tried to contact madeleine s parents to collect the reward for her safe return , according to a police statement released thursday .
and there are the alligators .
clinton was moved wednesday from intensive care to a hospital room following his heart surgery monday .
powell , viewed as a moderate in the right wing republican administration , is the top official to quit since president bush s re election , and was one of four cabinet resignations announced by the white house on monday .
and we know that this whole episode started when the plaintiff wiretapped a harpo employee in california , he said .
it started almost hours ago , and the shooting and explosions continue in mumbai .
the government has banned all rallies and kenya s police commissioner sent a reminder wednesday , telling citizens the gathering has not been authorized and is therefore illegal .
the good news is , experiencing vertigo is rare for most people .
o connor doesn t know whether the year old mukasey had regained consciousness .
obama s ahead , polls say , but will the lead last ?
after the july talks , tehran allowed u . n . inspectors to revisit the arak heavy water reactor under construction .
there s a new ap news yahoo news poll this morning that isn t easy to take for john mccain supporters .
a unesco world heritage site , the park is home to freshwater lakes , rivers , mountain pools and numerous signs of the volcanic activity lurking beneath the island s surface especially the boiling lake , a volcanic fumerole flooded with roiling , boiling water heated by the molten lava beneath .
as a result of the policy , stolen children lost contact with their families and heritage , received poor education , lived in harsh conditions , and often endured abuse .
in a keynote speech at the korea society s annual dinner in manhattan , tuesday , lee hinted at the possibility that the two leaders will reach a deal , which would be acceptable to citizens of both countries .
president roh moo hyun ordered justice officials to revive the case against conservative frontrunner lee myung bak .
but , the level of uncertainty around the outlook is unusually high , he added .
cowart and schlesselman were arrested outside jackson , about miles east of memphis , tennessee , after an aborted robbery attempt last week , according to court records .
her brother was shot dead and her father died because of poor health care .
singing it would make sheryl crowe very happy if she got paid by radio stations every time they play one of her songs .
roughly a third of trains to the paris suburbs and percent of national mainline corail trains were running monday , routier said .
abe has been facing calls to resign ever since his liberal democratic party suffered a crushing defeat in july s upper house election .
the ministry of science and technology announced wednesday that it had selected the year old computer engineer for a trip to the international space station iss next april , as he had a better record than his competitor yi so yeon , a year old female scientist , in training programs in russia .
the move comes as the united states is sending more troops into iraq in an effort to put down a wave of sectarian violence in baghdad and pacify the western province of anbar , the heart of the sunni arab insurgency .
after burning an effigy of kim and a north korean flag , the protesters designated october as the month of prayer to rally support for defense of the republic of korea .
in the uk , its finance secretary , chancellor alistair darling is to make an announcement widely expected to be rescue measures for the country s battered banks before markets open in europe wednesday .
yan yan , chinese for the beautiful one , was brought to berlin in from beijing and was a star years before knut the polar bear was born .
in the run up to the iraq war , rumsfeld sharply criticized nations opposed to the conflict specifically france and germany referring to them as old europe .
some who attended the forum where dewolfe spoke expressed skepticism about myspace .
i play whenever i want now , not when i have to play , or only six tournaments , she said .
it s sad and it s sick .
one mud flow temporarily trapped a snow groomer at a ski area , and two other workers there suffered minor injuries , wheatcroft said .
in some towns , high waters forced entire neighborhoods to evacuate , medina said .
the nonprofit effort has been trying to line up governments in several countries to buy the machines , which for now cost .
the process was not free of problems .
it s definitely hard to get through that rope , but once you re in , you re in and you re part of the party , pellegrino said .
spitup may also be just a wet burp when milk comes up with a belch .
it s not been an easy decision .
but his party s main rival , fretilin , denounced the decision as illegal .
the institute of medicine is part of the national academy of sciences , a private organization chartered by congress to advise the government on scientific matters .
at the time moore and dee were abducted and killed , the fbi was consumed by the much more highly publicized search for three civil rights workers in neshoba county and turned the seale case over to local authorities . the charges were thrown out .
the broadcaster had raised doubts over the authenticity of hwang s exploit of establishing stem cell lines genetically tailored to patients based on its own test results and urged him to cooperate in a second test .
in as part of the good friday peace agreement aimed at ending years of sectarian violence , but was suspended in when an ira spying scandal stoked protestant anger toward sinn fein .
. mushrooms
president lee myung bak said he will visit moscow in his telephone talks with outgoing russian president vladimir putin , monday .
deaths from traffic accidents reached in seoul in , higher than those in tokyo , new york , london and singapore .
in his victory speech tuesday , mccain made joking reference to a similar speech by bill clinton , who coined the term comeback kid when he did well in new hampshire as a presidential hopeful .
tbilisi , georgia cnn georgia s pro western president said thursday the country would hold early presidential elections in january to defuse a crisis fueled by protests against him .
bet an estimated million on t pa development but lost out to genentech .
he used the possibility of public financing with a bank loan , democratic party chairman howard dean said tuesday on cnn s american morning .
rescuers at the scene in amagasaki , km west of tokyo , worked through the night to free survivors .
fashion designers are giving new life to worthless candy wrappers , newspapers and plastic bags turning trash into trendy tote bags , purses and jewelry .
regularly scheduled commercial flights , shipping , and mail between taiwan and china resumed monday for the first time since the revolution that brought the communist party to power on the chinese mainland .
the boy turned up a few minutes later
engineers at neurosky inc . have big plans for brain wave reading toys and video games .
she studied journalism and art and graduated from the university of texas in .
we will gauge how to make up for the lost production in due time , watanabe said .
an year old boy is scheduled to appear in court monday in st . johns , arizona , on charges he murdered his father and another man .
gyeonggi authorities are also searching for students who may have dallied with prostitutes .
the government told the national assembly yesterday it will move major state run organizations including korea electric power corporation and korea land corporation to provincial cities not in the metropolitan and south chungcheong regions , and excluding daejeon and jeju .
we are certainly aware of the fact that will be one of the more difficult years for the eu , slovenian prime minister janez jansa whose country holds the eu s six month rotating presidency told reporters at a news conference at brdo pri kranju in slovenia .
israel would continue its operations against militants , she said , while always doing our utmost to avoid any innocent casualties .
the sheriff said the hangings appeared to be murder suicide because the trailer s doors were locked from the inside and a relative said the woman had been depressed .
when you go to mars , all bets are off , said dr . nick kanas , a professor at the university of california , san francisco , who has studied astronaut psychology . we don t know what is going to happen .
kyodo news agency and national broadcaster nhk said ito died of his wounds early wednesday .
rescue teams , comprising mostly soldiers and police , were searching the area , but their efforts were hampered by the remoteness of the area , darkness as night fell , and slippery soil caused by recent rains , making trails impassable for vehicles , he said .
chief of the general staff sir richard dannatt said wednesday
germany is among the countries negotiating with iran over its nuclear program , which the u . s . and others fear intends to build atomic weapons .
in karachi , police have cracked down on opposition rallies , jailing hundreds of demonstrators .
a day later came the shocker .
the aircraft landed on its main body , starting a fire , the agency said .
it is still dangerous in falluja .
conservatism swept the country with the gnp and other conservative groups and independents , whose political orientations are almost identical with the governing party , expected to secure more than seats .
the mosquito borne west nile virus , which can cause encephalitis and result in death , is expected to eventually spread across the united states , federal health officials said .
abu nour , a year old supermarket owner , told reuters that all he could see was fire , destruction and death .
in july , a costa rican security guard took several hostages at the chilean embassy where he worked in san jose , eventually killing himself and three embassy employees . the guard , orlando jimenez , , was upset about a pending transfer .
united can complete the double when they face chelsea in the fa cup final later this month at the new wembley stadium .
state britain , which replicated the posters of peace protester brian haw , won wallinger the , payout that comes with britain s best known and most provocative art award .
not a day goes by without another news story on the information superhighway , businesses starting to use the internet , government plans for internet controls , privacy and porno on the internet , or the varieties of information which the internet offers .
spokesperson christiane berthiaume says her agency has been in north korea for some time now .
the cnn opinion research corporation poll out monday afternoon suggests that the country s financial crisis , record low approval ratings for president bush and a drop in the public s perception of mccain s running mate could be contributing to obama s gains .
the provisional agreement was made during south korean trade minister kim hyun chong s visit to washington , the official said .
to get onto the internet you need a computer , a modem or cable connection , and a service provider , a way of entering the internet .
typically a seesaw pattern is an indication that the market has peaked , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore . but some see this as an opportunity to buy .
barack obama has personally apologized to a michigan television reporter for referring to her as sweetie as she tried to ask a question .
shanghai , china cnn in between selling tickets and greeting customers , min min turned his curvy feet tall frame to survey the spacious dance hall and revealed he is no ordinary doorman at this extraordinary place .
they have recovered an sks assault rifle and the suspect s vehicle .
as the boeing approached heathrow s south runway , it appears to have lost power , forcing the emergency landing .
the president , who leads a liberal coalition , ends his term in february and a victory by lee would see the gnp return to power for the first time in a decade .
the more we understand about orangutan s cognitive processes , the more we ll understand about what they need to survive in the wild , said tara stoinski , manager of conservation partnerships for the zoo . it enables us to show the public how smart they are .
cofer black , state department coordinator for counter terrorism , said in islamabad the entire infrastructure was in place to capture bin laden and his close lieutenants , pakistan s english language daily times reported .
the ruling said three suspected suicide bombers had traveled from pakistan to barcelona since october , with the most recent one arriving as late as mid january .
tokyo keeps the cash and sells the unclaimed goods to junk dealers , adding million yen us . million to the city coffers every year .
king abdullah has promised compensation for owners , who say the real number of deaths is far higher .
your trust fund wasn t enough .
however , pro democracy lawmakers who want direct elections as soon as possible have criticized the document , saying it lists too many options .
it appeared that the person suffered a number of injuries as a result of the dog mauling , sgt . lee sands said . there were numerous dog bites all over his body , but the exact cause of death is pending the coroner s ruling .
i should rather have paid attention to what i was saying and understood that perhaps i was on the record , chirac said in the second interview on tuesday , according to the new york times .
we will continue to use celebrities from the world of music , sports and entertainment to speak to the youth about the disease .
the joong ang ilbo quotes u . s . officials as saying monday that they had indeed been consulted on seoul s plans to withdraw some korean troops from iraq , despite earlier grumbling , including complaints from president bush s party in pusan last weekend , that the plans were a surprise to them .
the material , he said , evaporates easily , creating a toxic cloud .
dr . carolyn runowicz , past president of the american cancer society and herself a breast cancer survivor , recommends the susan g . komen for the cure site as well as the site for the gynecologic cancer foundation .
it said the posting wednesday reproduces the documents as they were released by centcom , together with additional items prepared by the national security archive as well as a chronology of iraq war planning based on secondary sources and commentary by archives staffers .
the hole was the largest ever recorded at about million square km , roughly three times the size of the united states .
they call for the system to be scrapped completely in favor of letting people choose their own holidays .
north korea has sidestepped previous agreements .
chandler enjoyed telling people afterward that clooney s representative didn t want any change .
the second soldier died later from wounds suffered in the blast .
the united states and other nations will not allow iran to obtain a nuclear weapon , vice president dick cheney said sunday .
the picture , broadcast on state television sunday , show kim sitting inside what appears to be a vip box , watching a soccer game .
the organization s report titled primary health care
yang says even some people who can get by in english don t have a good grasp of it .
ray winstone plays a new indy ally , and the film also co stars john hurt and jim broadbent .
we need this auto industry in this country for economic reasons and national security reasons .
lindsay lohan made david letterman s heart beat faster when she told him she plays a stripper in her next film , i know who killed me .
in an interview with the joong ang ilbo , the washington official who covers korean peninsula affairs said that north korea openly mentioned pakistan s nuclear arms status during the six party talks last year .
the window of time allows anyone who objects to the divorce
video from across the country showed kenyans dancing and swilling senator keg lager , which has picked up the nickname obama beer in honor of the junior senator from illinois .
at this stage , we are in a state in pakistan where so called democratic forces are only interested in coming into office . so ultimately , they only prop up dictatorships , she told cnn from her home in karachi .
the auctioneer said it would have cost pound , , new , the times reported .
cnn an iowa district court ruled thursday that same sex couples can marry based on the state constitution s guarantee of equal treatment , court documents show .
the fbi has identified at least . million unsuspecting computer users who have been victims of so called botnet activity .
the germans moved above valencia on goal difference , having been beaten by the spaniards in the opening match .
the european commission aims to increase the fuel efficiency of new cars by by .
fourth seed williams looked in control as she took the opening set but only won two further games as dementieva swept to a victory .
it got us excited as soon as we saw it , rowden said of the site , dubbed brittle star city .
the summit , only the second ever between the two sides , is set to take place between august .
about percent of world oil exports pass through the gulf .
two american civilians working for the coalition provisional authority and an iraqi interpreter were killed by what police officials said they believe were four men dressed as iraqi police officers .
this is a virus which has never been seen before in either pigs or humans .
in addition , the deaths of two iraqi prisoners already have been ruled homicides , the army said tuesday .
a spokesman for the county s emergency effort told sacramento tv station kcra that the evacuations amount to a mass migration .
in khartoum , a sudanese student was fatally wounded as police tried to hold back hundreds of anti american demonstrators from the u . s . embassy , police said .
canberra , australia ap almost half the members of australia s parliament signed a letter to the democrat dominated u . s . congress appealing for help repatriating the lone australian terror suspect held at guantanamo bay , officials said friday .
last week south korea s th century wooden and stone gate namdaemun , a year old artifact in downtown seoul and one of south korea s most treasured monuments , was ravaged by fire after a year old man , disgruntled by a land compensation deal with developers , poured paint thinner on it and set it ablaze with a cigarette lighter .
we cannot have two administrations at the same time simultaneously sending signals in a volatile situation .
ban urged a peaceful resolution , but made it clear there were no plans for un intervention .
her image today has become one of the most powerful brands in the world , adorning some , products in countries .
although it doesn t replace the need for real viral surveillance data , flu trends is a good model , and the cdc looks forward to testing it this flu season , bresee said .
these were the huge steps in the development of our understanding of human sexuality and cultural attitudes of sex .
most of the time they are in a place in which an attack would probably never happen because it is off a major campus road or by major dorms . . . places where there are always people at all hours of the night .
police in southeastern ghazni province confirmed that the dead man s bullet riddled body was found in the qara bagh district , where the koreans were kidnapped july .
you can t get to work , you can t schedule appointments , and you end up wasting your day because you re stranded , university professor lindomar rocha said as he waited for a flight at rio de janeiro s international airport . most of the delays and cancellations took place in
defending the obama administration s measured response to the epidemic that s still short of a pandemic , napolitano says tougher enforcement is not necessary yet .
i have been doing this for a long time and just make the most of every opportunity , hackett said at the swimming australia awards dinner monday .
the deal said the drug would be made and distributed mostly in indonesia but did not give a date when commercial production would start .
police raided the headquarters of a religious sect in central japan on monday and arrested women for allegedly beating a member to death , an official said .
cyclist , cancer survivor armstrong to have th child
that s the sound of money being made on wall street today .
she was told to appear in municipal court in mahwah on september .
police identified the gunman as eiken elam saimon , .
the club has already lost its shirt sponsor after xl leisure group , in which gudmundsson also had a stake , collapsed .
it s been raining cats and dogs the last two days . and when it rains like this , water goes in and fills the burrows of these animals , he said .
so i thought , well , my future was as a funny fat man .
the automotive web site edmunds . com had a similar verdict .
president bush will visit the disaster site saturday .
fawzy barhoom , a spokesman for hamas which controls gaza , said this operation came directly after the attack committed inside gaza . this operation is a normal response .
united nations inspectors have confirmed that north korea has closed all of its nuclear facilities at its yongbyon nuclear complex , the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency told reporters wednesday .
abbas said he hoped the conference would trigger expanded negotiations with israel that would lead to a permanent peace deal , calling the event a historic initiative .
the taliban have insisted on the release of eight of their prisoners , some of them held under united states jurisdiction .
professionals who have participated in defending rights should be protected , she said .
days later , chinese officials temporarily banned lee der from exporting products .
the spears family announced in december that jamie lynn was pregnant .
police said they had arrested a man , who was allegedly a member of one of japan s leading organized crime groups .
the depression , with winds of up to km miles per hour at its center , was km miles northeast of the central province of quang binh early on tuesday and moving slowly northwest .
now zink and polaroid are based in the same complex in waltham , massachusetts .
somali pirates released a taiwanese fishing vessel on monday more than five months after it was seized , a u . s . navy official said .
the grand national party tuesday initiated legal action against five lawmakers of the pro government uri party for alleged involvement in the illegal leak of information regarding former seoul mayor lee myung bak .
the packages of ugly teeth are only the latest in a long line of chinese made toys and novelty items recalled because of lead .
turkish warplanes and helicopter gunships have been bombing kurdish separatist positions in turkey along the iraqi turkish frontier amid continuing diplomatic efforts to avert a major cross border incursion by turkish military forces .
china has very close ties with africa and we will obviously talk about what we can do now to combat the appalling human rights violations in sudan s darfur region , merkel said in a statement at the weekend .
lungelo dlamini , police superintendent in johannesburg , said the suspect an ex school matron whose name was not given is accused of physical abuse against girls at the school , including soliciting them for indecent acts .
six men were arrested in a plot to attack soldiers at the new jersey military base after an fbi informant infiltrated that group . full story
quebec city , quebec ap nato wants about , more trainers for the afghanistan army and police , and the united states may fill some of those jobs despite difficulties finding available troops , defense secretary robert gates said thursday .
there s still plenty of resistance in congress , but the governor of michigan is pressing the case this morning for an auto industry bailout .
this is not heroic by comic book standards , but it s an ideal moment in the world of public safety .
security of the neighboring countries , including iran , al maliki said , according to a report on iran s state run news agency irna .
holyfield , , has revealed he is considering an offer from year old tyson s camp to meet in the ring for a third time .
anyone who thought they could escape to europe was sorely mistaken this summer .
with this message he is serving as an al qaeda propaganda tool and the terror group s mouthpiece and instigator , nasr said .
pakistan s government says talks are over in a tense standoff with radical islamic students who are locked inside the lal masjid , or red mosque .
on behalf of his late father , the junior shin said , he would like to apologize to independence fighters and their families .
the other half is due to a reduction in the projected number of births , primarily as a result of lower expected fertility rates in the future .
but she noted that the situation is complicated because much of the billions of dollars sent to pakistan fund anti terrorism measures .
the korea times reports about , wealthy south koreans , especially those in the luxurious kangnam apartments in seoul , have been hit by tax bombs as their real estate ownership tax rate has jumped as many as times this year over last year .
south korea now maintains the , strong zaytun division in the northern iraqi city of irbil to help locals rebuild their country .
serena williams was forced to quit her opening match at the season ending wta championships against russian anna chakvetadze with a knee injury on wednesday .
because scientists noticed satellite images within hours , they diverted satellite cameras and even flew an airplane over the ongoing collapse for rare pictures and video .
asks u . s . sen . bill nelson , the florida democrat who chairs the space , aeronautics and related sciences subcommittee .
the teens admitted that they had defaced the mccain sign several times , warren township police lt . don bishop told cnn .
officers arrived at the house saturday and entered when they heard screaming coming from a bedroom , tranter said .
all we had were dried noodles .
show host mary hart cited an unidentified source who claimed to be in the delivery room , saying the twins were born and that yes , mother and babies are fine .
napolitano reserved the right to decide whether to accept the resignation .
out with the old , in with the new in space
hundreds more students were belatedly reported to have shown symptoms of food poisoning apparently caused by contaminated school meals , the government said yesterday .
here , they dream up refined but not fussy course tasting menus composed of heirloom produce from their farm .
so tomorrow in our confrontation with spain and i have said it many times that they are favorite we hope to break the pattern .
from paris to mumbai to tokyo , it was one of the worst days for stocks since the terror attacks of september , as share prices in asia , europe and the americas all plunged by significant amounts
the gaza rally began sunday , the anniversary of arafat s death , and ended monday .
however , an explosion hit a shiite shrine in the southern city of basra on sunday .
not joking here , more than a dozen people outraged by the arrest of illinois governor rod blagojevich who put up the state s vacant senate seat for bids
rice was convinced that their lives were in danger and that they had to outrun the pursuing car or they might be killed , the lawsuit said .
the young woman was then taken by helicopter to a columbus hospital where she died of complications .
maj . gen . saleh mohammed al shihri , commander of the central control of the hajj security , said , cameras have been placed in several areas to monitor the area . several helicopters , fitted with these cameras , will also hover over the pilgrims .
i call for this because war is not a joke .
goalkeeper peter shilton won caps .
several other specimens have since been found , including one in in waters off the indonesian island of sulawesi , where justinus lahama also hooked his . meter foot , kilogram pound fish early saturday .
however , if the issue is not resolved through dialogue , and should there be a possibility of a transportation crisis , roh issued an instruction for a strict implementation of law on any violations , said lee hae sung , roh s senior secretary for public information .
to earn some bimbo cash you will have to gasp work or find a boyfriend to be your sugar daddy and hook you up with a phat expense account !
father and daughter had traveled together to melbourne from new zealand last thursday .
iron lungs were largely replaced by positive pressure airway ventilators in the late s that give users much more freedom of movement .
harry potter and the deathly hallows goes on sale july .
her body is mutilated in the morgue her arms stitched to where her legs should be and vice versa .
but that still leaves coffee shops and their customers in a bind .
the group holds roughly hostages in colombia s jungles .
warner asked the general if u . s . military strategy in iraq was making america safer .
she traveled around the world almost three times and was harnessed to a treadmill so she wouldn t float away .
twelve points from the first four games is a great boost for us .
however south korean officials said the aid would still be dependent on progress over the nuclear issue .
we are in intensive talks and dialogue with the iraqi government on a political , diplomatic and even military level , although we hope it does not reach that level , abdullah said .
it s scrapping plans to nationalize a major bank and abandoning an attempt to fix the exchange rate , which would put a floor under its falling currency .
heavy rainfall and severe aftershocks could compromise the integrity of the dam and send water cascading out .
uncle sam has told nine top banks it s buying preferred shares , and it s offered to do the same for , smaller ones .
the government is also planning to call up thousands more reservists , israeli radio reported .
nasa says the weather looks good for this early afternoon scheduled landing at the kennedy space center in florida .
the reality is that a new election , devoid of violence and intimidation , is the only way to put zimbabwe right .
in basra , gunmen on wednesday night attacked al othman sunni mosque with rocket propelled grenades and destroyed its minaret .
jon , it is a forest of red arrows here .
seoul has not yet been informed of any u . s . plan to increase pressure on north korea , although it is possible washington will consider stepping up financial sanctions against pyongyang , a senior south korean official said yesterday .
i think it will be coming out in january or february .
more than half of them were first time contributors .
of major american jewish organizations in jerusalem , olmert called on abbas to resist all the temptations and pressure of hamas and to establish a government that will recognize israel .
the candidates are running to succeed president roh moo hyun , who is required by law to step down at the end of his single five year term in february .
it has not been said whether it is malignant or benign .
he ruled out an immediate visit to mainland china , but said he would focus on improving relations by substantive means including stepping up direct flights .
those plans are being reviewed at the middle east and north africa economic summit in amman , jordan , by government and business leaders from about countries .
he said north korean officials said at the time that pakistan had conducted a nuclear test in the face of u . s . warnings not to , but no sanctions had been imposed in return .
pakistan agrees in principle to a . billion bailout from the international monetary fund .
malaysia s state backed car industry has yet to prove itself commercially viable .
in his victory speech , jindal repeated his election pledge to fight corruption in the state .
the north should focus on the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and fulfill its obligations under a february agreement to close down its only nuclear reactor , he added .
the eminent biologist told the british newspaper he was inherently gloomy about the prospect of africa because all our social policies are based on the fact that their intelligence is the same as ours whereas all the testing says not really .
in his liberation day speech , roh called the current command structure between the south korean and u . s . militaries an abnormal state that stands at variance with the constitutional spirit .
sen . chris dodd of connecticut , who sought the democratic nomination for president himself but threw his support behind obama after dropping out of the race in january , expressed a similar sentiment thursday .
departing from a historical trend of failed vice presidential candidates who descend into relative obscurity after election day , palin continues to command the intense media coverage that befits a national office seeker .
during the last two days , nicholas calabrese has taken jurors through more than a dozen mob hits , mostly in gruesome eyewitness detail .
all that remains of the pyramid is a square shaped foot meter tall structure that had been buried under feet meters of sand .
but another taliban spokesman quoted by the pakistan based afghanistan islamic press news agency said talks with the afghan government were heading for failure .
cnn a video showing the last moments of a polish immigrant , who died after canadian police shot him with a stun gun at vancouver international airport , has been made public .
northumbria police said the photo was taken from the baltic center for contemporary art in gateshead , northeastern england .
he was reported missing about eight hours later after losing contact with port authority officials , according to the treasurer of his sao cristovao parish , denise gallas .
the grand national party yesterday stepped up its criticism of the government s ongoing press reform measures , turning the spiraling debate between journalists and the government into a political row .
frederic schwartz , a member of the think team , which offered three plans , said all the plans including a world cultural center consisting of twin lattice work towers are defined by their cultural and public space and could be built with or without their accompanying office buildings .
president morgan richard tsvangirai has won this election , not in respect of the gross vote , but in attaining the majority required , biti said .
in the accord , the leaders condemned colombia s action and affirmed that no country has the right to violate the territory of another .
obama currently leads mccain by percentage points , according to cnn s average of national surveys .
washington cnn president bush has nominated lt . gen . ann e . dunwoody to serve as head of the army s supply arm , a promotion that would make her america s first female four star general , the pentagon announced monday .
delinquents and drug traffickers may have been among those arrested .
the us imposed sanctions targeting burma s military leaders and called on china , one of burma s closest partners , to put more pressure on the country .
all the rabbits are interconnected , and as we know , they multiply fast .
png is in the grip of an hiv aids epidemic the worst in the region .
denise gallas , the treasurer of de carli s parish , said thursday that the priest s family chartered a twin engine plane .
it feels good , it s great to be in the finals , williams said . i was like , can i do this ?
the ap s sauger magoni at the white house .
according to estonia s security police , of them died in siberian labor and concentration camps and one died en route .
britney spears came in at no . .
it s permanently crippling and it should never be performed by anyone , says laura brown , an animal care specialist at people for the ethical treatment of animals peta .
the decision will be announced about p . m . et , according to the court s web site .
as of midnight , outdoor smoking was also banned in locations such as stadiums and playgrounds .
lots of people gave up on seeing knut because of the long queues , so they went to see yan yan instead . she seemed intimidated and anxious , wrote the paper , suggesting yan yan could have had a heart attack .
lucknow , india cnn conservationists and scientists scrambled tuesday to determine what has killed at least critically endangered crocodile like reptiles in recent weeks in a river sanctuary in central india .
in most cases , their names didn t appear on the ballot voters had to remember them by assigned numbers .
stock prices are up on downbeat news today .
he was the senior u . s . official in negotiations for german unification and worked closely on policies related to the end of the cold war .
it is the story of a new world that became a friend and liberator of the old , a story of a slave holding society that became a servant of freedom , the story of a power that went into the world to protect but not possess , to defend but not to conquer .
the soldiers are scheduled to be discharged from military service in february , and most of them had planned to return to college after they completed their service in iraq by the end of the year .
in the early s , hollinger international controlled percent of canadian newspapers in addition to hundreds of dailies worldwide , including the chicago sun times , the montreal gazette , britain s daily telegraph and the jerusalem post .
after the sharpest global slowdown in almost years last year , economic recovery has started , beginning in the united states and east asia .
we will have an orbiting destination that we have spent multiple billions of dollars of u . s . taxpayer money to develop .
attorney ira elegant said the petition was filed on behalf of the miami heat center in miami dade circuit court on tuesday .
russian state television has portrayed alexander ponosov as a hero in a david and goliath battle against the legal system and international corporations .
foreign nationals left on saturday and another were slated to leave on sunday .
faced with flight cutbacks , reductions in business travel budgets and a sharp decline in consumer confidence , the global tourism industry is feeling the squeeze of the economic downturn .
stanley , born stanley eisen , and simmons co founded kiss in new york city in .
according to the thai constitution , all parliamentary seats must be filled for the lower house to convene , but in some seats unopposed thai rak thai candidates are unlikely to achieve the of the vote necessary to be accepted as legitimate mps .
bin laden s last message came march , when in an audiotape he called iraq the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
what is going on in mexico and how big a deal is this ?
the critical remarks , posted online sunday by google s top lawyer , represented the mountain view based company s first public reaction to microsoft s unsolicited bid for yahoo ! since the offer was announced , ap reported .
nawaz sharif said he was not concerned that he would be jailed upon returning to pakistan because i am absolutely clean and clear .
the national park service program will be launched in september , according to gerry gaumer , spokesman for the agency .
gerberding acknowledged that we kind of had to make up a plan as we went along .
but the team with home field advantage has taken of the last titles .
a falling water pipe knocked out power to the elevator that carries men out of the mine , company officials told the south african press association .
in a smooth , quick motion , bouloux snatches the white molar from the woman s gum with a loud snap .
musharraf , who was forced to impose a state of emergency last year to quell violent protests but failed to prevent the assassination of opposition leader benazir bhutto , sought to defend his embattled leadership and record in combating terrorism .
a councilor of the chinese embassy called the office of rep .
the late night comic got some mileage from the iraqi shoe thrower .
the first floor of the pavilion escaped major damage . the man , who was watching the fire near the pavilion , was arrested by police on the scene .
its government spending on international aid has remained at far less than the . percent of the nation s gross national income recommended by the united nations .
achieving that vision will require tremendous effort at the negotiating table and painful concessions on both sides , cheney said at the news conference with palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
the threat of aftershocks from the may quake and more rain , meanwhile , put the area in extreme danger , said liu ning , chief engineer of the ministry of water resources .
with a large number of south koreans both government officials and civilians getting ready for the joint events , kim s possible pyongyang visit draws attention as it could project a replay of the breathtaking encounter between him and north korean leader kim jong il .
the nearly million museum , which opened may , is the latest attraction in the tourism and development boom of georgia s capital city .
africa must adapt still , delegates sharpened other sections , including adding a warning that some african nations might have to spend to percent of gross domestic product on adapting to climate change .
three offices will also remain in the capital . they are the national police agency , the board of audit and inspection and the financial supervisory service .
i am very grateful that this difficult day has ended so well . all of my campaign staff are safe , clinton said outside her washington home . i want to thank them for their extraordinary courage and coolness under some very difficult pressures and dangerous situations .
after appearing in a handful of broadway productions in the s , pollack turned his eye to directing .
whipple remains optimistic that hubble will resume science operations in the coming weeks .
newbill , who joined the police department in , died at the hospital hours later the first moscow police officer to be killed in the line of duty , duke said .
thanks to the apostles preaching about the resurrection , thousands and thousands of persons converted to christianity , benedict said .
the former football star gained international notoriety in when he was tried and acquitted of murdering his ex wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman .
the parliament is expected to consider changing the constitutional process to allow turkish voters , instead of parliament , to choose the president .
and the proliferation of prisons , however necessary , is no substitute for hope and order in our souls .
once spaniards heard these lyrics , they sparked a lot of controversy , even rejection , alejandro blanco , president of the spanish olympic committee , told a packed news conference this week .
these rains could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslides , the nhc warned .
the mission was originally scheduled for mid march but a hailstorm damaged the shuttle s fuel tank and the launch was pushed back to june to allow time for needed repairs .
enraged with the illegal use of their programs , the companies led by microsoft that claim the rights to the intellectual property filed a class action lawsuit on may against the nine illegal users .
kathmandu , nepal cnn a u . s . citizen holding a free tibet banner has been turned back from the slopes of mount everest , a nepalese army officer said .
the wto report says that foreign made car parts are currently in a less favourable position than their chinese made alternatives .
the bangladesh red crescent fears the death toll could be , perhaps even reaching as high as , .
hundreds of supporters took turns camping on rail tracks in the rajasthan city of bharatpur , as the bodies of those killed by police fire lay in a field nearby , the station reported .
in medieval times , a statue of venus stood on il campo .
she said she intends to publish her own definitive harry potter encyclopedia .
however , the african country has an electorate of . million registered voters , he said .
dmb phones , as they re known , are so .
kids dancing causes haiti school collapse , red cross says
but so much is unknown about the creatures , including their mating routines , that a lot about the pregnancy remains a mystery , christen said .
us and bulgarian officials said the bulgarian owned chopper was brought down by a rocket propelled grenade .
in the past ten years it has not only developed technology to harness its own geo thermal but it has started to export that technology to other countries .
the entertainment giant said in an apology , published friday in the manchester evening news , that company officials had met church community leaders and sony acknowledged the game had caused offense . the company said it now considered the matter closed .
nine percent of the voters were african american and they overwhelmingly broke for obama , percent .
david galernter , associate professor of computer science at yale university , says the clipper has become the focus of a yearlong public debate .
he faced a serious challenge from odinga , a flamboyant politician who hails from the minority luo tribe and has won support from rural and urban voters after promising to share the wealth among all the people .
u . s . presidential candidate , sen . barack obama , led everyone , with , supporters .
one was dead on arrival at west penn hospital and two others died in the emergency room , said stephanie waite , a hospital spokeswoman .
kojong had dozens of grandchildren .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and treasury secretary henry paulson both acknowledged problems in the u . s . economy thursday , but both said they believe the nation will avoid falling into recession .
the diet is an integral part of the historical and cultural identity of the mediterranean , and an opportunity for growth for the countries in the area .
kathmandu , nepal cnn at least two people were killed and a dozen were wounded when three explosions went off simultaneously in different parts of the nepalese capital on sunday .
murray beat jesse huta galung of the netherlands .
after that , chae divorced his wife and moved to ganghwa island in gyeonggi province , where he was relatively quiet and reserved , his neighbors testified .
the chinese seismological network also reported the quakes estimating the initial quake at . on the richter scale and reporting a fifth tremor about two hours afterward .
the process reminded some people of the planning for the widely feared year bug , even if the effects of this glitch computer time is an hour off appear way less threatening .
bush had been lauding the conclusion of a security pact with iraq as journalists looked on .
the vatican says the pope s mission as he tours the mideast is peace , peace , and peace .
record highs set by the japanese yen against the u . s . dollar the strength of the japanese currency has put added strain on japan s ability to sell its products in overseas markets .
manchester united have warned real madrid that they may report them to fifa over their continued public pursuit of cristiano ronaldo .
iran denies western claims it is secretly trying to build nuclear arms , saying its nuclear program is for purely peaceful , energy producing purposes .
the standard poor s is also down points .
hamburg , germany reuters roger federer brought an end to rafael nadal s match winning streak on clay on sunday , beating the spaniard to win the hamburg masters final and give his french open preparations the perfect boost .
burma has previously said it is working towards preventing the recruitment of children by the military .
it comprises an ornate silver cup decorated with scenes of christ and the apostles that contains within it a far simpler silver vessel
during the past four years , ecoist said , it has sold more than , accessories created by its designers in peru and miami , florida .
the gop also is holding caucuses saturday in nevada , but most republican candidates will be focusing their attention that day on the south carolina primary .
we got that first goal and got our rewards in the second .
nts imposes surcharge on foreign funds for their tax evasion .
asteroids comparable to yb could strike the earth as frequently as once every , years , peiser said .
the chambal contains the largest of three breeding populations in the world .
shiespa is a women s only spa with a natural hot spring , an open air bath , a sauna and salon , according to its web site .
the amended offer was dimon s attempt to ward off any competition , and quickly move on with the acquisition .
when he left office , he was hunched over .
the year old opposition leader has been ahead of howard in polls for most of the year .
in better times , it was one of those places that threw beer blasts every friday , gave its workers paid sabbaticals , and had a no layoffs policy .
and the governer agrees
concerns about extremists coming into japan spiked when reports emerged in may that lionel dumont , a french citizen with suspected links to al qaeda and a history of violent crime , repeatedly entered the country on a fake passport .
the name comes from the greek word for devil , beelzebub , and latin for toad , bufo pronounced boo foe .
cnn the makers of several leading over the counter cold medications are voluntarily withdrawing products sold for infants , the consumer healthcare products association said thursday .
hawaiian topped the list for most on time arrivals .
basically , they conducted the experiment , and we studied it .
the british pound rose to . from . in new york , while the dollar rose to purchase . japanese yen from . .
at the pentagon , army lt . gen . martin dempsey said that it clearly seems to me to be a signature attack of al qaeda .
call it the rocky mountain road to the white house .
her years of service , highlighted by extraordinary leadership and devotion to duty , make her exceptionally qualified for this senior position .
pitt gave million to make it right .
cibulkova put up stout opposition in the first set against an opponent who had enjoyed rest on saturday after being given a walkover in the semifinals because lindsay davenport was unwell .
a team of inspectors from the international atomic energy agency iaea for its first official visit of a nuclear laboratory north korea agreed to allow the agency to visit the site in a non inspection role a sign that pyongyang was keen to resume normal relations with the iaea .
she told reuters that commercial sexual exploitation of children was a grave violation of their human rights .
the free press circulation is down percent and the news is down percent since , the free press reported tuesday .
if the video is deemed legitimate , the lance corporal could face a charge of conduct unbecoming a marine , perrine said .
we will not spare one single dollar in fighting the fires , he said . we will take it from somewhere else if we have to .
you see what president bush did , see what , see what he did , though , to keep from being hit ?
ten protesters from the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals stood outside the courthouse holding placards with pictures of injured dogs and the messages report dogfighters !
the new york times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate he and two other members of the team .
an estimated people escaped the burning wreckage .
they climbed above group leaders france , who slipped down to third below italy , who were winners in ukraine . the scots have points , italy and france remain on .
the world needs to wake up to this , and ensure that their territory is protected in accordance with international law . otherwise , they will soon be made extinct .
despite alleged free speech laws in korea , a person who violates the draconian election laws could face a prison term of up to two years and a fine of million won .
the ones that made the huge jumps are really ,
the report said that , students of all ages from korea were studying in the nation as of december of last year , which ranked korea the nation with the most students studying in the united states .
the dow jones industrial average charts fell points , erasing virtually all of the day s declines , after plunging as much as points earlier in the session .
some of the biggest prizes of the primary season california , new york , illinois , new jersey , missouri and georgia are up for grabs on super tuesday , when voters make their party choices in of the states , as well as american samoa .
however , he said there was room to discuss the matter under a september pledge in which north korea agreed to give up its nuclear program in exchange for aid and security guarantees .
i lost at least pounds on the painting alone , he said . my neck was sore for weeks .
benson is the founder and majority shareholder of spacedev , which manufactures microsatellites and parts for nasa s mars rovers .
the late grover krantz , a washington state university professor who specialized in cryptozoology , the study of creatures that have not been proven to exist , believed bigfoot was a gigantopithecus , a branch of primitive man believed to have existed million years ago .
three years older than ronald reagan .
the groups are divided into the categories of denuclearization , economic aid , and northeast asian security , in addition to bilateral groups on north korea and the united states , and north korea and japan .
the works and achievements of the influential spiritual leader of the shia ismaili muslims have long been baffling to categorize .
it was a big explosion , and a fire followed , said one witness , the owner of a nearby mobile phone shop who would identify himself only by his first name , haidar . i rushed with others at the site to see two burned corpses inside a car and wounded people .
the pentagon on monday charged the alleged planner of the september attacks , khalid sheikh mohammed , and five others with murder and conspiracy and asked that they be executed if convicted .
terry fujimoto sees the future of agriculture in the exposed roots of the leafy greens he and his students grow in thin streams of water at a campus greenhouse .
korean government decided to pass a bill to delegate autonomy to jeju island .
nonetheless , we are committed to the tax cuts .
the men were separated from the women and children , and taken to a shelter near a mosque , where a rebel commander known as rocky told the pastor to pray for his fellow captives before mowing them down with a machine gun .
for many years the iwc has been at an impasse , said turid rodrigues eusebio , the representative from norway , a leading pro whaling country .
using techniques that neither they nor interpol would discuss , german police recreated an image of the man s face and released four reconstructed photos of him last week .
the seventh fatality is believed to be a clemson university student , he said .
ap s robert reed reports on a shootout at a polling place in sadr city
baghdad , iraq cnn twelve u . s . troops have been killed in attacks over the past two days in iraq soldiers and two marines according to the u . s . military .
cnn s richard quest said passengers with baggage were no longer being checked in as the airport s terminal should have been entering one of the busiest periods of the day .
police said they recovered six bodies from a los angeles house where a man dressed as santa claus fired gunshots and started a fire christmas eve .
lee eun ju , a popular tv and film actress was found dead by committed suicide .
still being held in connection with the death are amanda knox , , kercher s american roommate and raffaele sollecito , , knox s italian boyfriend .
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois and former u . s . sen . john edwards of north carolina , are considered the front runners in sunday night s debate .
scorsese was chosen as filmmaker of the year by his peers , his first win at the guild awards after six previous nominations .
tevez ghosted in at the far post to grab a draw after karim benzema had opened the scoring for the french champions with a superb individual effort .
but the swiss has proved vulnerable over the last month , falling twice to david nalbandian , first in madrid , then again in the third round at paris .
the government wants to double the number of visitors to million a year by , while nearly trebling tourism receipts to s billion .
traumatic experiences remain as open wounds on the greek people s vigorous body , christodoulos said . yet until now , there has not been heard even a single request for pardon .
his screen credits also include hud , cool hand luke , the verdict and road to perdition .
koreans flying overseas can expect to pay more for their tickets beginning next year .
but brutal suppression of monks usually results in negative consequences and further protests .
perper assured haas that the samples are locked in a refrigerator , and only one doctor has a key .
we can t pay you anything but we ll probably call it the world orchestra for peace .
barrie deas , chief executive of the national federation of fishermen s organizations , said the cost of fuel for fishing boats was making it impossible for many in the industry to keep going .
despite being the object of a corruption and stock manipulation investigation , conservative candidate lee myung bak has won a landslide victory in south korea s presidential election .
year old zahara , from ethiopia and daughter shiloh , who was born to the couple last may .
howard , a staunch supporter and personal friend of bush , has defied widespread domestic opposition to the war , keeping about , australian troops in and around iraq , mostly in non combat roles .
the opposition is against the mission and could delay enactment of the bill .
the departures board at berlin s hauptbahnhof , the main train station , displayed long delays or no service at all .
the victim in stafford was a sheriff s deputy , the kansas highway patrol said .
motoko okuno , , died last month at the kigenkai sect s headquarters in the city of komoro , allegedly after a mass beating , according to local news reports .
the malawi news newspaper reported that the minister accused kilembe of obtaining an air ticket and money from madonna without government approval .
capable of complex three dimensional modeling , calculating fluid dynamics , and other advanced applications to pakistan , vietnam and other so called tier countries without specific permission from the government .
new zealand has effectively introduced prohibition after a law designed to curb drunken mayhem was passed the bill originally intended to make it unlawful for anyone to consume or carry alcohol in designated liquor free areas and carried a fine of up to nz .
after shipping in october , the roaring success of the ibm pc meant that pcs were ready to make the leap onto corporate desktops .
after a wait of nearly six hours because of rain , the world number one , who won the title in , and , came from down in the second set to clinch victory and set up a clash with austrian tamira paszek .
the democratic election is largely symbolic after an internal party row .
reyes almost joined atletico last year but turned them down in favor of a loan move to city rivals real madrid , and as a result was forced to pay atletico compensation .
there may likely could have been some violations , state department spokesman sean mccormack said .
stuart mitchell said he and his father were intrigued by intricately carved angel musicians on the arches of the chapel and by carved cubes depicting geometric type patterns .
construction of the great wall and commissioning an army of terra cotta soldiers to guard his tomb .
ryder and his colleagues sent frozen skin cells from a long dead banteng to researchers at the cloning company advanced cell technology in worcester , massachusetts .
so far , there has been no sign of a breakthrough between the taliban and afghan officials and local tribal elders .
the meeting was the first in an annual series of high level dialogues that are meant to promote trade and financial cooperation between beijing and london .
the us and european union wanted the council to consider imposing sanctions but that was rejected by china .
in march of , two k assault rifles were stolen from the capital defense command and then later used in a bank robbery in seoul .
on the other hand , the format s low penetration rate on the market makes the movies difficult to exploit .
peshawar , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber set off a blast that killed at least people monday at a crowded police checkpoint in northwestern pakistan , police said .
druze leader walid jumblatt , an outspoken critic of syria , blamed eido s killing on damascus , calling it an attempt to reduce the anti syrian majority in the lebanese government .
some director s been calling me and wondering maybe about doing a movie with me as one of the characters in it , said elden .
we would expect more from a public service broadcaster than showing sensationalist material in this way , he said .
kim also expressed his deep desire to return to korea , saying i really don t want to be here anymore .
the secretary general is disappointed by the message from the government of myanmar that it would not want the resident coordinator , mr . charles petrie , to continue to serve , said a statement issued on behalf of u . n . secretary general ban ki moon .
famed for keeping people slim , healthy and living longer , the mediterranean diet has followers all over the world .
north korea will resume the process of dismantling its nuclear reactor on tuesday , the international atomic energy agency announced .
gone are half the old faces in the cabinet , including tough talking trade minister rafidah aziz who had held her job for more than two decades .
performers include queen , annie lennox , leona lewis and the soweto gospel choir .
we all aspire to leave in peace , but real peace . . . is not the simple conquest of man or the result of political agreements it is above all a divine gift , benedict said .
with goumri second for the second year in a row .
they are of such exquisite detail and so beautiful that we thought there must be a message here , he told reuters .
in a january cnn opinion research poll , clinton led obama percent to percent . that poll also had a margin of error of plus or minus . percentage points .
helmand province is bearing the worst of the violence , as nato and afghan forces fight to root out militants from the country s opium heartland .
spanish pm jose luis rodriguez zapatero said the government was cautious but hopeful about the announcement .
immediately after the shuttle reached orbit , mission control announced , for barbara morgan and her crewmates , class is in session .
we don t think , at this point , that it was a nuclear event .
putting party politics ahead of national interests , the main opposition grand national party gnp demanded sunday that a second inter korean summit be delayed until after december s presidential election to minimize the summit s political impact on the dec .
despite new hampshire s comparatively small population , the state carries an importance disproportionate to that size as it is the first state to go to the polls rather than caucus in the presidential election race .
at least part of the success of making solar mainstream will be the ability of motech and others to bring the costs down .
all we need is love , another said .
the church helped out as well .
daniel craig has the scars to prove it .
the inquest required by british law when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown causes had been delayed for years because of the two exhaustive investigations by french and british police .
talks between writers and producers will likely impact upcoming negotiations between the studios and unions representing actors and directors .
some say that putting clinton on the ticket might fit the bill for uniting democrats .
the final decision rests with the immigration official at the port of entry .
in the northern kosovo town of mitrovica , divided between serbs and ethnic albanians , tensions have continued to mount .
the two leaders exchanged views on bi national ties and north korea s nuclear problem , chong wa dae spokesman yoon tai young said .
serbia and kosovo s minority serb population considers the province the heart of the serb nation , but the majority ethnic albanians wanted independence from belgrade .
military action and diplomacy are key in the fight against a rise in taliban extremism currently plaguing pakistan , the country s president , gen . pervez musharraf , said during a joint afghan pakistani peace jirga in kabul .
hun sen said he plans to file a civil court case to disown his adopted daughter so that she cannot claim any inheritance from his family .
his power will be almost unlimited , said adolfo rengifo , , who marched alongside other protesters blowing whistles and shouting reform , no ! democracy , yes !
as long as we live , kosovo is serbia .
the vatican police force , currently about strong , protects the pope and other vatican officials during public appearances , travel with the pope and deal with crimes inside the vatican .
those issues include automobiles , agricultural goods , textiles , pharmaceuticals and easing of u . s . trade rules .
he is having a great season and is scoring a lot of goals .
he also appeared in a video that showed him participating in an attack on an afghan army base .
but the education minister said the aim is to develop critical thinking , not to impose a single way of thought .
her life will have to change drastically , which is going to be tricky because she s going to be in the public eye more than ever .
the plant s last reactor , the one shut down last thursday , was reactor no .
the show , hosted by rock elder statesman ozzy osbourne and his family , was largely free of surprises .
snu starts construction on hwang woo suk research center .
the episode could have cost the kentucky native her crown , but donald trump , who co owns the pageant with nbc , gave her a second chance .
the college , located in the busy center of pakistan s second largest city , trains senior naval officials from pakistan and other countries .
when you go on the blogs and you read the responses from the fans , they associated axl with this promotion . . . and blame him for the fact that they didn t get their free soda , said gn r lawyer laurie soriano .
brigadier general mark kimmitt said the attack took place in the last hours , but he provided no other details .
aboud identified karpinski from a photograph in a news magazine that his lawyer , michael hourigan , showed him .
threatening north korea to make it return to multilateral talks is no use .
hundreds have died in fighting sparked by last month s presidential election , which opponents insist was rigged to ensure kenyan president mwai kibaki s re election .
americans simply cannot afford to continue the policies of the last eight years for another four , gore , the party s presidential nominee , told obama supporters at a rally in detroit , michigan .
sen . john mccain said sunday he hasn t seen signals secretary of state condoleezza rice is interested in running as vice president .
they claim his party no longer has the moral authority to lead in the wake of a corruption scandal .
there are about students for every computer in schools .
los angeles , california cnn the truth is finally out there about the new x files movie title .
basa ruddin , , pleaded guilty to unintentional homicide in the january incident in the southern johor state .
startup weekend is more of a time commitment than a big expense , he said .
the storms hit georgia after tearing through the heartland on thursday , killing people in alabama and a year old girl in missouri .
the president of open doors usa says that is israel battles hamas and gaza the gaza baptist church has been severely damaged .
the aging but hardy rovers have been exploring mars for years far outlasting their primary three month mission .
the president s calling it bold and decisive legislation needed to stabilize the nation s financial system .
the message is that china needs to do more on burma , said mark farmaner , acting director of burma campaign uk , referring to myanmar s former official name .
maj . gen . rick lynch , commander of the u . s . offensive southeast of baghdad , in the salman pak region , said the sweep had reduced attacks on civilians in that area by percent and civilian deaths by percent , compared to before it was launched in mid june .
the regimen is called either hapsuk or kisuk .
pearson asked the cleaners for the full price of the suit more than , .
the red cross estimates some , more were displaced .
south korean and u . s . working level officials have discussed the cost of moving the c i military command system , which stands for a joint command , control , communications , computers and intelligence system .
the ministry of information and communication mic thursday revealed a policy package aimed at thwarting identity theft in online transactions including the otp .
it s time for a change .
lee ju ho of the conservative grand national party , asking the ministry to repeat its analysis .
capital city head raise a public criticism for misused tax revenues .
harvey will leave on march .
the year old actress reportedly checked out of the cirque lodge , a drug and alcohol treatment center in utah , on friday .
watanabe conceded that the domestic market remained tough toyota s sales fell percent in the first half of the year to , units but said he was counting on new car launches and the tokyo motor show in the latter half to jump start sales .
the ppp the party of former prime minister benazir bhutto who was assassinated last year won the majority of seats in february s parliamentary election ousting musharraf s ruling party from power .
a body without a head has been found in the boy s apartment , kyodo said .
two recent polls by other organizations also show the race statistically even .
i can remember making more mistakes than right decisions .
jung was abducted during a business trip to the african country for overseas corporate meetings .
except for the refusal rate , south korea is close to satisfying all other conditions .
o , which affects temperatures in the bay , so that might also be used to forecast cholera .
a year old kazakhstan native turned himself over to police friday , ending a three hour standoff and safely releasing a man he had been holding at the russian embassy in costa rica , authorities said .
therapists in cotton sarees pray to dhanavantari before each ayurveda session , from a basic head massage to an intense detox scrub and wrap , that can last from minutes to five and a half hours and are priced at rupees to , rupees .
on friday major asian markets recovered from early plunges on the hopes that washington will soon propose measures to keep the u . s . economy from sliding into a recession .
istanbul , turkey cnn an egyptian plane carrying people to warsaw caught fire thursday after making an emergency landing at istanbul s international airport , local media reported .
for some families , dna testing may be the only way to positively identify their relatives .
chung s prolonged incarceration could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy so a suspended sentence is likely , said yong dae in , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities .
if he actually does have to go to jail it will cause some problems for hyundai , said yun .
the s p charts index added . percent and the nasdaq composite charts added . percent .
in the aftermath of a hurricane that devastated the southern regions of the united states last week , seoul pledged yesterday to send at least million in relief funds .
a state of emergency has been declared and prime minister john howard has pledged help for the affected areas .
however , it was a small rebound compared to two previous trading days when shares fell more than percent per session .
industrialization has dried up rivers , wells , and springs , affecting the supply of clean drinking water and the irrigation of farmlands .
the , foot high llaima , one of the most active among some active volcanos in chile , has not had a major blast since .
ahmadi also said the taliban launched a new operation targeting government and foreign forces in afghanistan , as a roadside bomb killed three afghan security guards working for the coalition in the east .
abbas told olmert that he fully backs egyptian efforts to reach a cease fire between israel and hamas leaders in gaza , according to negotiator saeb erakat .
indian and pakistani officials signed an agreement wednesday to reduce the risk of accidentally triggering a nuclear war between the south asian rivals .
the official refused to give his name , citing policy .
the project is a space elevator , and some experts now believe that the concept is well within the bounds of possibility maybe even within our lifetimes .
sharapova has not played competitively since pulling out of a tournament in montreal in late july after winning a nearly three hour match in which she double faulted times .
she quickly recovered and her father , mitch , took her to hospital as a precaution , goodman said in a statement .
obama leads clinton in the overall delegate count , , , but neither candidate is close to the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination .
kim s remarks in a sense run counter to president roh moo hyun s instruction monday that the government should ensure the hostages bear legal responsibility for the costs of their release and repatriation .
it won t . untreated , a minor concern becomes a major issue becomes a catastrophe .
the north koreans floated the proposal in talks with u . s . envoys in beijing last week .
a confirmation hearing for one obama cabinet nominee gets under way at this hour
president bush on friday set new sanctions against members of myanmar s military junta and their associates in response to the junta s violent crackdown on democracy protesters .
another warming ocean event that scientists are studying closely is the migration of king crabs .
cristiano ronaldo gave manchester united a new year boost by again ruling out a move to spanish giants real madrid .
kabul , afghanistan cnn south koreans released from six weeks of captivity in afghanistan spoke friday about their ordeal , describing how they were kidnapped and apologizing to their government for causing trouble .
the korea times reports oh s is the first death of a south korean troop since they were deployed there in .
the game was declared a sellout by organizers , but only , spectators witnessed senegal defeat france in one of the biggest upsets in the tournament s history .
basseterre , st . kitts cnn the president of the international olympic committee rejected the idea of boycotting the summer games in beijing over china s crackdown in tibet , saying it would only hurt athletes .
duch was not among the top level of khmer rouge leaders but he has become one of the most notorious members , according to reporters in phnom penh .
when the military rulers in the s deprived yi s family of financial allowances , he worked as a disk jockey .
hilton s publicist , elliot mintz , said he spoke with kathy hilton after she returned from the jail .
over the past few years , she said , the threat from climate change has grown and its impact goes far beyond the environment to the very heart of the security agenda .
meanwhile , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences is talking with striking writers , said spokeswoman leslie unger .
will soon be things of the past . from david hockney s famous polaroid art compositions , to the line , shake it like a polaroid picture from outkast s hit hey ya !
authorities in pakistan are blaming a suicide bombing in a mosque on islamist militants bent on revenge .
a surgeon general report concluded that exposure of adults to secondhand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes coronary heart disease and lung cancer .
the last of these , president taylor , said owning slaves was a constitutional right and he said slave owners like himself would appeal to the sword if necessary to keep them .
during sunday s demonstrations in china , some held banners condemning tibet secessionists in france tearing up the five star red flag , according to xinhua .
and , he added , we ve got more powerful weapons
new york cnn oil prices set new records wednesday and other energy futures also rose after the u . s . government reported a surprisingly large drop in crude oil inventories and accompanying declines in gasoline supplies and refinery activity .
since edwards abandoned his presidential bid in january , he and obama have talked regularly , obama said .
another tried to put out the flame with a fire extinguisher .
protesters said the siege of the airport would end on wednesday morning .
but rivals implies something harder edged and less forgiving .
president bush said tuesday he is considering all options in aiding the u . s . auto industry because doing nothing could lead to further economic decline .
the student found the nooses in a section of the engineering and technology building typically used by senior engineering students .
the u . n . backed transitional government took power in mogadishu last december after an ethiopian led invasion drove out the islamic courts union , which had seized power from u . s . backed warlords in mid .
the researchers say the text was clearly written by a trained scribe .
cross border shelling between turkish forces and pkk rebels in northern iraq continued sunday .
taiwan lost its bid for representation in the united nations for the th year wednesday , with no country objecting to the general assembly president s call to reject a request from the island s supporters to place the issue before the world body s member states .
why did edward viii give up the throne for wallis simpson ?
in two clinical trials , the drug tasimelteon helped volunteers whose sleep pattern had been delayed by five hours to fall asleep quicker and to sleep for longer .
stephen pfann , a textual scholar and paleographer at the university of the holy land in jerusalem , said he has released a paper claiming the makers of the lost tomb of jesus were mistaken when they identified an ancient ossuary from the cave as belonging to the new testament s mary magdalene .
this material may not be published .
a lot of times , it s very difficult for them to be convinced that they need to see a physician for a problem , said dr . allen dollar , a cardiologist with emory school of medicine in atlanta . to a large extent , there is a lot of denial going on , and in some cases , that denial can be deadly .
it s a surge . . . to create space so that we can achieve as swiftly as possible some of those basic necessities for the iraqi people to be able to step up and stand in the lead . and then at that point , the americans step back into less visible , more support positions . watch what snow says about discussions in the white house raquo
the more than world war ii postal documents
which ranks among the lowest in the world .
jerry seinfeld has reunited with one of his most famous tv girl friends .
the united states still opposes japan s research whale hunts , he said , but the way to resolve the dispute is through the iwc process , he added .
richard p . lawless , the pentagon s deputy undersecretary for asia pacific affairs , also defended the transfer as a natural step in the evolution of the u . s .
most of the land williams sells is in the northwest , in an area known as oceanus procellarum , or ocean of storms a desolate lava plain formed by volcanoes billions of years ago .
a flood of porn on cyberspace is clicks away in this highly wired country .
police have attempted to drive the anti war protest off the street , jean parker , a leader of the stop the war coalition , told the crowd . we will not be silenced .
national football team coach jo bonfrere was finally dismissed by the korea football association kfa on tuesday with less than months left until the world cup .
the shift helped speed the extinction of four fish species and push two others , including the endangered humpback chub , near the edge .
a lane leads downhill , dead ending at a rugged bluff called vodrup klint .
a five year , million project buried the waste dump under million tons of dirt and gravel from boston s big dig highway project to create this acre oasis .
human cloning science offers the possibility that stem cells harvested from cloned embryos could be used to treat diseases like parkinson s , diabetes and heart disease .
rajoy , the prime minister s leading rival , conceded defeat and congratulated zapatero .
clinton victories , however , would revive her campaign and end obama s winning streak at contests .
the protests have brought a spotlight to china s spotty human rights record and embarrassed its communist leaders in the weeks before the olympic games in beijing .
cnn myanmar s military rulers have extended the five year detention of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , prompting a chorus of international disapproval .
she died from blunt trauma to the head , a prosecutor said tuesday .
the evening of january , the last day of his assignment , danny pearl went to interview sheik mubarak ali shah gilani .
kelly kinney spends her days standing on los angeles street corners or in coffee bars hoping to get noticed .
the genocide tribunal formally placed them in provisional detention for up to a year .
satellite images show the runaway disintegration of a square mile chunk in western antarctica , which started february .
the korea herald reports that riding a diehard boom in travel and study abroad , koreans overseas spending on these activities swelled percent during the first seven months this year despite the prolonged depression for domestic consumption .
what we want to do is take them beyond that point and get them to start thinking for themselves .
the united states wants to build a missile interceptor base in poland and a radar site in the czech republic , but details have yet to be negotiated .
filippo inzaghi wasted a golden chance to win the match in the st minute when kaka slid the ball across the front of fiorentina s goal .
the foreign ministry said there is no evidence of preparation of a nuclear blast test in north korea .
critics of the sect say it forces girls as young as into arranged marriages . meisner said the adults cooperated with child protection officials as authorities continued their search for more children .
i really feel like i have adrenaline fatigue or something .
in , spears won the kids choice award for favorite television actress .
a movie featuring late chinese leader deng xiaoping will be hitting the mainland silver screens this summer .
the judgment saved a year old man who was on trial for producing adult content he provided to korea s biggest internet portals , naver and yahoo korea .
zalmay khalilzad was responding to a report from the un special envoy to burma , ibrahim gambari , who said the generals were making concrete changes .
carla bruni , a model turned singer , told the newsweekly l express that her first meeting with sarkozy was love at first sight .
this year , however , it s forward into the past more or less .
national park service ranger spirit trickey feels a special connection when directing tourists down the sidewalk to little rock central high school .
his talent is not , he insists , originality of plot , going so far as to say his plots could be found on an episode of csi or law order .
based on a survey of , companies with five to employees , which was conducted by the korea institute for industrial economics trade , the shortage of manpower came to , persons .
the ap s matt apuzzo says they may be shopping for a friendlier venue for a trial .
the plant , the world s biggest nuclear power plant , reported a fire and a radiation leak at the facility after monday s quake .
elderly people account for most of the deaths , unable to bear temperatures in parts of the southern andhra pradesh state .
i don t want to see a movie where north korea is depicted as a menace to peace on the korean peninsula and the united states is depicted as a hero that resolves the crisis , said park jin young , a year old university student waiting in line for a different picture friday at a seoul cinema .
president roh moo hyun , seeking to quell controversy and growing disputes , has decided to delay his expected choice of a former governor as prime minister until the nation holds key provincial by elections saturday , according to the korea herald .
and the stage preceding victory is normally , in the history of nations , the stage in which there is most seen an increase in conspiracies , plots and inciting of discord in an attempt by the enemy , who has begun to see his defeat approach , to push back and delay the defeat as much as he can .
more than twice the size of new york s island of manhattan broke free from an antarctic glacier in the ross sea .
south korea and the united states reached a final consensus in more than half of the negotiation sectors during the eighth round of free trade agreement fta talks in seoul , which ended on monday .
australia is a vocal critic of mugabe and announced it was increasing funding to civic groups in zimbabwe .
because the streets were crowded with bhutto s supporters , who had turned out to greet her , ambulances had difficulty reaching the scene immediately after the blasts .
the presidential office thursday threatened to sue presidential contender lee myung bak of the grand national party gnp for spreading groundless rumors and for defamation .
the government yesterday moved to end a four day strike by korean air s unionized pilots , forcing them back to work and banning them from taking any form of collective action for the next days .
khalaf didn t elaborate on the operation , but said no shots were fired during the arrest .
another judge will take over in june .
samsung electronics co . , the world s biggest maker of computer memory chips , said it stands to lose roughly billion won us million in revenue a day if operations in pusan continue to be disrupted by a strike .
the swiss let a cross court backhand drift into the net on break point in game three and nadal helped himself to another break in game five thanks to two backhand mistakes from his ragged looking opponent .
we need to sit down with him beckham , his representatives and with real madrid sporting director predrag mijatovic , look at this clause , and decide between us , but for me i would be delighted if he remained at the club .
pyongyang proposed holding the talks for three days starting tuesday at the north korean side of the truce village , panmunjeom .
he said the terror plot also targeted azerbaijani government buildings .
korean female stars run off with lpga event .
let s get the story live from the white house and the ap s mark smith
football fans had been gathering all day in the austrian capital with around , watching the eagerly anticipated match on giant screens in the fanzone area in the center of the city in addition to a , capacity crowd at the ernst happel stadium .
a balloon has been released for each of the victims killed in last week s rampage at virginia tech university , as students returned to classes .
the isi has set up a mega computer system where they can hack any computer in pakistan and connect with the election commission , he said .
the world health organization issued a statement friday saying many internally displaced kenyans are living in crowded makeshift camps with poor shelter , water supply , sanitation . . . food shortages , no cooking fuel , precarious access to health care and shortages of antibiotics .
now , elden says he was paid , to re enact the famous pool pose for photographers .
the assets were apparently converted so the money could be transferred via the u . s . federal reserve bank to solve this problem at once , the asahi quoted a bank official as saying in a report filed from hong kong .
the warm weather has also caused fog and that means flight problems .
given that it was an urgent matter . . . we thought it would be earlier , mdc lawyer andrew makoni said .
but look behind the brands , and you ll find the creative and technical engineers of these compelling ad campaigns , whose toolbox of ideas is overflowing .
tuck , of nevada , allegedly showed the tape to others , and faces between years to life in prison for exhibiting pornography and one to six years for possession of child pornography , said de meo .
the results have not been confirmed by world health organization labs , but are still likely to trigger panic .
the original report quoted writer ian halperin saying jackson s illness had robbed him of percent of the vision in one eye and that he needed a lung transplant but may be too weak to go through with it .
the band formed in the mid s behind dubrow and guitarist randy rhoads , who later joined ozzy osbourne s band and died in a tour accident .
president hamid karzai must now decide whether it should be made into a law , kadamali nekpai , chief of the upper house s press department , said tuesday .
no one was hurt , he said .
the dow now up nearly points financial stocks are leading the way .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice cautiously welcomed musharraf s election timeline , calling it a positive element , but stressing the state of emergency has got to be lifted , and lifted as soon as possible .
the cabinet members announced by kibaki included no portfolios for members of odinga s party .
next week , a traditional national council called a loya jirga will meet in the capital of afghanistan , kabul .
the premise of yes man is what ?
the money losing tempelhof is scheduled to shut on october , .
about students carrying banners condemning the author also chanted , kill him ! kill him !
how does sex and the city get around the age issue ?
last week the international leg of the olympic torch relay set off protests in london , paris and san francisco .
the report warned that the world must prepare for further sharp price increases and continued market volatility .
cole s grandfather clemens tinnemeyer s being held as a material witness .
youssif and his father stood at the center of the circle holding hands . watch youssif being happy again raquo
graham said the militia fighters that iraqi troops are battling are backed by iran , which he said was killing americans by arming the militias .
speaking at a news conference , park said that domestic consumption is picking up but the rebound is not strong enough to compensate for slowing exports , the sole growth engine the past two years .
a suicide truck bomber exploded his vehicle sunday near an iraqi police checkpoint outside ramadi , killing two police officers and wounding others , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
the body was dropped off in chardiwal in the province of ghazni in central afghanistan , taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid said in a telephone interview .
israeli attacks onto hamas locations in gaza you can see from where we re standing right now smoke resonating from a village across the border .
worcestershire coroner s service , which is conducing an inquest into the circumstances of his death , states on its web site that james died on september after he traveled to switzerland with a view to ending his own life . he was admitted to a clinic where he died .
trying to keep the drug from spreading to other cities , the dea is working with dallas officials to raise public awareness about the problem .
mayor clover moore says earth hour is an important symbol to the nations of the world as they ready for next december s climate summit in denmark
some laptops are having battery problems
she said the injured woman was crying , had a bandage on her arm and another on her midriff .
nintendo co . ltd . sped past sony corp . in market capitalization last month to become one of the most valuable companies in japan .
however , party members have decided to return their stipends for the months of april and may to the national coffer as the national assembly would virtually remain inactive during that period .
colombo , sri lanka cnn the maldives government will discuss awarding a national honor to a year old boy scout who foiled an assassination attempt on the leader of their tiny nation by grabbing an attacker s knife , an official said wednesday .
president roh moo hyun expressed hope on tuesday that north korea will model itself on china and vietnam in its efforts to transform into a market economy .
interior minister nicolas sarkozy had told deputies france was facing one of its sharpest and most complex urban crises , which required firmness .
washington cnn medical examinations of former terrorist suspects detained by the united states at the abu ghraib prison in iraq and in guantanamo bay , cuba , and afghanistan revealed evidence of torture , according to a report released wednesday by a human rights group .
the moves are intended to deter the north from provocations during any u . s . war with iraq , pentagon officials said .
south korea did not sign and remains technically at war with the north .
wolfowitz , who was nominated by president bush , joined the bank after serving as deputy defense secretary at the pentagon , where he was one of the chief architects of the u . s . war strategy in iraq .
athens , greece cnn a strong earthquake and an almost equally strong aftershock struck southern greece just after midday thursday , u . s . and greek experts said .
the temple lies a little under a mile from zigzagging walls of the sacsayhuaman fortress , alongside an enormous rock formation
refrigerator trucks , used to transport meat from the slaughterhouse , didn t make it to the ports .
this is called underemployment .
many of these pictures are falling into the wrong hands or worse , everyone s hands , via the internet and leading to criminal charges .
in modern birds , medullary tissue lines bones for only a few weeks when they are producing eggs and is then reabsorbed .
petrobras estimates it contains at least million barrels of crude about of brazil s current reserves .
all this money when he pretends to be the . . . president of all french people , she said on the tv station itele .
the unit is now headed by kazuo hirai , sce s former president and chief operating officer .
the tibetan issue is same as ever .
downloads continued wednesday as firefox supporters sought to set a world record for most software downloads in a hour period .
now it s got a village , houses , figures
and it slashed the number of f s , the primary fighter jets deployed in korea , from to , contrary to popular understanding that reductions focused on ground forces .
israeli forces made forays into northern and southern gaza tuesday morning in operations targeting palestinian militants , killing up to six , according to palestinian sources and the israel defense forces .
lots of developing countries have shown interest , but none have yet signed on the dotted line .
over the weekend , a north korean military commentator threatened to turn the south into ashes in a pre emptive strike , responding to comments by a south korean military commander that seoul could target suspected north korean nuclear sites if there were signs of a pending attack from pyongyang .
the act was in compensation for land unfairly taken away from alaska natives more than years ago .
tuesday s record bid took place ahead of the public opening on november of the new stretch of track in southeast england and a new eurostar terminal at london s st . pancras station .
at kansas city international airport , flights had been canceled by midmorning sunday , and flights were called off at st . louis lambert international airport .
atlanta , georgia cnn new research out monday may have expecting moms rethinking their drinking habits .
i am not trying to oust him . it is a decision he has to make , she added .
the figure also put an end to a five month decline in the growth rate .
president bush s so called axis of evil , was a major exporter of missile technology and equipment to the middle east and other regions , central intelligence agency cia report to congress said that to the development and sale of ballistic missiles , equipment and related technology .
a six limbed creature that they have dubbed hexapus .
. not researching the company
the opposition parties have continued to call on the government to reconsider the capital relocation and get the people s consensus before pushing ahead with it .
the u . s . military on tuesday reported nearly arrests in a flurry of recent raids , including linked to a rogue mehdi army militia group in baghdad .
ivanovic performed close to perfection to set up a showdown with world number one justine henin , who outplayed serbia s jelena jankovic in the other semifinal .
during spring and fall , this area s famed wild horses spend much of their time grazing the virginia and maryland coastlines .
in the statement , carried by the state run korean central news agency , the ministry said the military maneuvers demonstrate that washington is seeking a hostile policy to stifle our republic by force .
unilateral action by turkey in iraq could have very grave consequences and set a worrying precedent , iraq s deputy prime minister has warned .
pakistan banned the charity earlier this year as part of an effort to dry up terrorist financing .
but because they fear neighbors will complain to the police , the breeders have the animals vocal cords cut .
the nine skydivers aboard the plane regularly participated in jumps with skydive snohomish in snohomish , washington , said elaine harvey , a spokeswoman for the company .
wen stressed the need for an fta in a meeting with south korean correspondents in beijing last week ahead of his two day visit to seoul , which will be followed by a trip to japan .
accessing a person s medical records without authorization is a violation of the health insurance portability and accountability act hipaa a federal law that protects the privacy of patients .
that s put him in quite a bind .
i won t bother going to the pub , i will drink at home . i enjoy a beer with a cigarette , it s part of the culture .
he said the hospital took videos of surgeries of peculiar cases , but only with the consent of the patient .
she has not been charged and is now at hartlepool police station for questioning .
two neighboring counties were helping with the repairs .
alessandra stanley in the new york times said that such reality shows rely on a fish out of water conceit but in beverly hills she is a fish in evian , one rich , blonde , spray tanned wife of among many .
the prosecution will also summon again byeon yang kyoon , former cheong wa dae policy planner following a first round of questioning sunday .
most of yukos s assets have been sold to state controlled entities .
li said the embargo should be lifted primarily because it was a jarring note in the partnership between the beijing and the eu .
so , next time your handy in car navigation gadget guides you home flawlessly , remember , you have einstein to thank for not getting lost . today vaccines are widely available for common illnesses which were once life threatening , as well as for more severe conditions like cervical cancer .
one explanation is that a ship was nearer and dearer to the sailor than anyone except his mother .
international federation of red cross and red crescent societies spokesman matthew cochrane said the organization also had not received any such reports .
the u . n . and nato have also said they see similar indications .
rich barrette , an ohio university grad student , started his webaholics web page a year ago after watching the academic careers of two close friends go down the drain .
after the selection of ghazi mashal ajil al yawer to the largely ceremonial position , officials announced the entire interim government due to take power on june and the body moved quickly to begin its work .
some people have been hurt by what appears to have been an acid attack in a busy hong kong shopping district .
while she briefly held the no . spot this year , the time away led her to slide in the rankings and she finished the season at no . .
she returned her five medals last year and the ioc formally stripped her of the results in december . jones won gold in the m , m and x m relay , and bronze in the long jump and x m relay .
a muslim cleric who has been acting as a mediator said later that fatah islam agreed to stop firing , and calm descended over the nahr el bared camp outside the port of tripoli
spending on health and education will be increased , as well as on environmental protection and high technology .
a year old owner of a karaoke room in the basement of the building in southern seoul confessed that he intentionally set the fire on wednesday , police said .
restaurants , gas stations and other businesses closed in the lake city area because people couldn t get to them , knight said .
the two , roelof malherbe and schalk van der merwe , said in the statement they are not racists and most certainly had no intention of humiliating or degrading the employees concerned or black people in general or of detrimentally affecting their dignity .
when no one took responsibility for the ringing phone , restaino ordered that court security officers search for the device .
vatican media are singing the praises of the musical legacy of the beatles and sounding philosophical about john lennon s boast that the british band was more popular than jesus .
two pakistani intelligence officials say taliban militants and arab foreigners died in the attack .
to become one of them , you need to turn bad boss behaviors on their head to find your way toward good boss techniques .
the tropical cyclone hit with a force equal to a category hurricane stronger than u . s . hurricane katrina in with winds in some areas topping kilometers per hour mph .
those owning land valued at billion won for business purposes and million won for non business purposes are also subject to the higher taxation .
but because sleep driving is so dangerous and there are precautions that patients can take the fda ordered a series of strict new steps wednesday .
he told her he had been fired that day from his job at mcdonald s , she said .
lady bird attended st . mary s episcopal school for girls , a junior college near dallas and then transferred to the university of texas at austin .
in a similar sign of reconciliation , mourners at virginia tech have added a rd stone representing cho s life to a victims memorial on the school s drill field .
i thought they were going to sentence him even though he s innocent , but i never expected such a heavy sentence , she told reuters news agency .
one thing we know for sure is that after the last day of october , there will be no more polish soldiers in iraq , kacperczyk said .
the opposition , which controls the upper house of parliament , then announced it would veto him .
never before have we seen a drop of much more than per gallon in just five months .
dna found previously in the siberian permafrost has been dated to , to , years ago .
bayrou has sought to put a new face on french politics by tapping voter frustration with the traditional left and right .
britain s contingent of , troops in iraq will fall to , by the spring .
the infected area is about the size of a tennis ball , hospital officials said .
former sen . john edwards of north carolina is in third place in the poll at percent .
on the eve of a scheduled visit to sudan , eu development and humanitarian aid commissioner louis michel on thursday echoed u . s . and u . n . criticism of rebels for an upsurge of violence in tawilla town in north darfur state .
the united states has withheld congratulations for kibaki , citing concerns of voting problems , even though kibaki has claimed victory .
tuesday s election draws the attention to president bush .
thousands of entries have been received since the competition opened in july , and a six member panel representing music , history , literature , politics , and sports meets next week to start deciding the winning lyrics .
the head of the local provincial council says village elders said they would swear on the koran that those killed were civilians .
the opening night movie will be kimchi western , the good , the bad and the weird , by director kim jee woon , who will introduce the film .
anthrax is a contagious infection that usually only afflicts livestock , but humans who handle or eat infected animals can contract it .
yahoo criticized china in a brief statement that didn t specifically mention the case of jailed journalist shi tao , whose mother visited hong kong on sunday .
i think that it will uh , put in place a rate cut when the fed meets again on uh , october th .
his meeting with north korean leader kim jong il is only the second such meeting since the korean war .
former indonesian president suharto s condition worsened sunday , as his family granted doctors permission to take him off life support when they see fit , cnn s richard quest has reported .
in california , it s against the law .
the fbi played a dangerous game knowing that katrina was the one in harm s way if something went wrong , levine said .
nowak admitted the details of shipman s story , according to the police report , and permitted a search of her car .
china and taiwan are believed to actively spy on each other .
but the difficulty of obtaining a hall for a nominating meeting highlighted the array of impediments faced by opposition groups in russia .
however , law enforcement authorities are being criticized for negligence in their reaction to the apparent kidnapping attempt .
foe who collapsed and died in a confederations cup match in and miklos feher of benfica who died in january .
new york cnn a piece of outer space named for george takei is in kind of a rough neighborhood for somebody who steers a starship an asteroid belt .
the former world chess champion garry kasparov entered russia s presidential race on sunday , elected overwhelmingly as the candidate for the country s beleaguered opposition coalition .
he is completely matter of fact . . . almost without emotion , criminal investigator thomas stecher told a news conference , ap reported .
debt to a degree is healthy .
sprint said customers will be able to get internet access almost anywhere within the company s markets , using any portable device .
the owners of rockefeller center , tishman speyer , also showed off a new panel solar energy array that will generate electricity on the roof of one of the complex s buildings , the largest privately owned solar roof in manhattan .
culling of the infected cattle in surrey was completed saturday , defra said in a posting on its web site .
the documents were turned in to the london based newspaper .
is a saudi man , who s a former guantanamo detainee .
the bodies of mungiki leader s wife and her driver were found in a forest last wednesday . her throat had been slit
the english star appeared to be concerned about his left ankle several times , clutching it during training and having treatment on the pitch , but los angeles coach ruud gullit said beckham will play hopefully all minutes in the friendly against sydney fc on tuesday night .
it serves as a recruitment tool for terrorists , and increases the will of our enemies to fight us , while decreasing the will of others to work with america .
if convicted , pichushkin called the bitsevsky maniac by russian media after the moscow park where many of the alleged victims were killed would be russia s most deadly serial killer since andrei chikatilo , convicted in of murders .
major bowes amateur hour on radio and amateur night at the apollo theater in harlem , new york .
over tons of oil in the sea would mean square kilometers of oil spill and pollution along kilometers of coastline , he told reuters .
the korean nuclear crisis flared in october , when u . s . officials said pyongyang admitted having a uranium program . washington and its allies suspended fuel shipments
robin and garces williams also have two children together , zelda and cody .
i m taking two and a half days . i don t think anyone can argue with that .
how did he sail to a big electoral victory over john mccain ?
the free tibet campaign said the letter from the prince s office read
. writing a generic cover letter
myspace did not say whether it would comply with the request , but did say it was removing known offenders from the site .
digging was stopped more than a week ago amid safety concerns , as authorities and the treasure hunters feared that the shaft might collapse and that the cave if it is there may be rigged with explosives or poisonous booby traps .
but i have come to discuss with you north korean nuclear issues and make the apec summit a success , he told japan s foreign minister nobutaka machimura .
an uproar arose after authorities failed to stop three trains running on the railway even after signs of an imminent collapse were detected .
though there were plenty of serious hikers around , loaded down with tents and sleeping bags , i chose a few creature comforts i mostly stuck to walks i could complete in a day , and i had a rental car and motel accommodation .
south korea rapped japan s prime minister saturday for disavowing his country s responsibility for using asian women as sex slaves for japanese troops in world war ii .
but de hoop scheffer said the tide of the fight will turn .
argentine star nalbandian ended the season by claiming the masters series events in madrid and paris , beating roger federer and rafael nadal in the process , and was tipped to be a major contender at melbourne park .
you saw a number of lawmakers , democrats and republicans . . . saying that they were very impressed by especially the military progress they had seen and also the so called bottom up , the grassroots change in attitude .
after a smile and a wave from the president and his wife michelle , it was on to a helicopter for the flight into london and an overnight stay in the us ambassador s residence in regent s park .
a power sharing deal between bhutto and musharraf would require pakistan s supreme court to change the country s constitution to allow musharraf to seek a third term .
it s a most excellent outcome for keanu reeves
it was scary , people said the girls were crying
breast milk and formula aren t acidic , so it s typically not uncomfortable .
although there is no law against tattoos , south koreans have considered them symbols of disgrace , often associated with gangsters .
senate is to hold two inquiries of its own into the disaster which hit the gulf coast and new orleans .
the magazine , citing an anonymous friend , said the boy was not adopted and did not identify the mother .
treasury department blacklisted the banco delta asia bank in macau in september , accusing it of aiding the north s illegal financial activities , such as counterfeiting and money laundering .
the house , a malibu landmark , was built in .
gore accepted the nobel peace prize on monday , alongside the u . n . s intergovernmental panel on climate change .
the human security act was approved by the house of representatives late and now goes to president gloria arroyo to be signed into law .
consequently , lance armstrong would only be able to return to the sport at international level from february , a week after the end of the australian event .
the comments came as brown , on his first visit to the country since replacing tony blair , said the southern basra region where british troops are deployed would be in full iraqi control in two months , the uk press association said .
some children were to return later to wings of the large building that were not affected by the fire , champara said .
thai prime minister somchai wongsawat declared a state of emergency thursday at bangkok s two main airports , which are still being besieged by anti government protesters , a government spokesman said .
family members chose a stray female dog named selvi who was then bathed and clothed for the ceremony .
times mirror has improved its newspaper staff more than since .
blair would respond to the captors of bigley .
according to li desheng , deputy director of the wolong center , xiang xiang s case shows that wild panda communities are reluctant to accept male outsiders .
north korea s leadership demanded an apology yesterday from the united states for labeling the communist state an outpost of tyranny , while at the same time saying its military was prepared to resume long range missile testing .
his death comes just a day after his doctors said he appeared to be making a remarkable recovery .
moderate arab nations have not yet said they would attend the conference , according to the associated press . no date has been announced for the conference .
there s a whole world of people out there , and boy , are they pissed off .
the death toll at norris hall makes the incident the deadliest school attack in u . s . history , surpassing attacks at columbine high school in and at the university of texas in .
she s along the lines of dubya george w . bush a bit .
president nicolas sarkozy unexpectedly arrived alone for the informal gathering at a bush family compound in maine on saturday , near the luxury lakeside residence where the french leader and his wife are spending their holidays .
hamas is in charge of the palestinian government in gaza and calls for the destruction of israel .
he described his two terms as president as gifts from the russian people and from god and said he would stand by the country s basic law that this term is the final term .
prime minister goh kun on monday tendered his resignation , refusing to buckle under pressure to pass on recommendations needed to appoint new cabinet ministers .
be competing in his first grand slam quarterfinal after beating an irate jonas bjorkman .
they allege the men parked two cars packed with explosives in central london then drove six hours north to scotland .
bracing for the storm
the report said kim has a daughter whom he has never acknowledged and that money stemming from a corruption scandal during his administration was used to keep her existence secret .
what would you say about someone who spent hours a day online ?
china hopes the probe , launched late last month , will have surveyed the entire surface of the moon at least once by early next year .
the year old was taken to hospital before being transferred to austria for a scan .
mccain is leading huckabee to in total delegates , according to cnn estimates .
the discoveries by a team of american and indonesian scientists are being studied further to confirm their status .
kyodo news agency reported that the japanese tanker was leaking fuel after it was fired on by a rocket launcher from a small boat .
the system works , but many scientists consider it to be out of date because it requires bulky equipment and a life support system that weighs almost lbs .
simone simmons , who practices energy healing and met diana in , told a coroner s inquest that the princess had shown her two letters from philip written in and , near the end of diana s marriage to prince charles .
she was released on bail from jail in the southern city of hyderabad pending an appeal after a court sentenced her to five years in prison for a similar offence .
the interior ministry confirmed the incident , saying the strike occurred in the mansour neighborhood .
beijing , china cnn a proud china invited the world to the beijing olympics with a dazzling song and dance and fireworks display , but cheers and shouts of , beaming citizens could not mask fears about pollution .
we have estimated that the mean temperature of this super earth lies between and degrees celsius , and water would thus be liquid .
badminton matches look so real playing on hyundai s new d tv that you may reflexively dodge the virtual shuttlecock .
vinokourov , who ripped his shorts and also suffered grazing to his right buttock in the crash , tried to rejoin the peloton with the help of six team mates but the collective effort failed to bear fruit and the kazakh went solo to limit the damage . he dropped to st in the overall standings , two minutes seconds adrift of leader fabian cancellara .
he is awaiting approval from lawyers on whether the plan violates privacy laws .
the appetizer husband and wife s lung slice is taking on the more appetizing beef and ox tripe in chili sauce .
they used phony papers and the identities of a dead man and a year old boy .
i have a small sample in my pocket , and it s some of the poorest quality rice we ve seen , he said . it s affected by saltwater , and it s very old .
their fate is unknown , the news agency said .
more than , people filed through the streets of paris and other french cities , organizers said .
the so called public communication system allows citizens and civic groups of each fta partner country to file labor related complaints to the other government through the help of their own government .
the web site of turkish president abdullah gul carried a statement calling the decision unacceptable , saying it doesn t fit a major power like the united states .
the broader s p up . to , . , charts index rose about . percent , edging ever closer to its all time high of , . .
mauritania has agreed to help in the repatriation of migrants that use the country as a launching point , but abdallah said this boat appeared to have left from guinea bissau , a country much further south along the coast .
the afl cio , the largest labor group in the u . s . , opposes the deal , while non auto industry associations have expressed initial support .
a spokesman for israeli housing minister zeev boim said his office will issue a tender this week for the construction of houses , of them in har homa .
concealing a shotgun in a guitar case , and tucking three other guns under his coat , kazmierczak walked into a geology class in an niu lecture hall thursday afternoon and began firing , police said .
i therefore want to encourage public interest in space .
gnp chairman kang jae sup said , it was quite shocking that the spy agency can gain access to different government run online systems to inspect details of citizens property transactions .
miceli called it part of a brutal campaign and an operation launched by people who would like to take control of the economy ministry .
hospital officials said the year old opposition leader s life was not in danger , adding a complete recovery would take weeks , if not months , as the cut caused extensive damage to her jaw muscles .
thailand s parliament chose a prime minister elect on monday , according to thai television .
last year , uribe left his house for the first time in five years .
lawyer and human rights activist abdul rahman al lahem told cnn s nic robertson that the justice ministry has reinstated his license .
the muslim brotherhood expressed surprise that the whole country was given the day off when , according to prominent brotherhood member essam el erian , only students had complained about occasionally having to take exams on christmas .
the serbs had been told very clearly as early as sunday night that the u . n . forces would move in to take control , he said .
insurgents in iraq have killed us soldiers in just two days , the us military has announced .
the korea times reports all eyes are focused on the possibility of an informal six party gathering in kuala lumpur this week as u . s .
u . n . humanitarian chief john holmes said the money was needed to provide food , shelter , health care and other services for the next six months .
we get the latest now live from the ap s warren levinson in new york .
the result lifted arsenal to second place in the premier league on points , behind leaders liverpool on goal difference .
norway have dropped plans to bid for the winter olympics after new estimates doubled the projected cost of hosting the games in the arctic city of tromsoe .
he is survived by his wife and children peter and sarah .
investigators found the body of kercher half naked with a stab wound to the neck on november at her home in perugia , where she was studying as an exchange student at the umbrian city s university .
buenos aires , argentina cnn as a strike by farmers continued for a th day tuesday with no solution in sight , its impact was visible on meagerly stocked supermarket shelves in cities .
our ed donahue takes a look at his long career
it is now time for this matter to be resolved without further delay , the secretary general said in a statement issued on wednesday .
if you want to play next gen games you have to have a next gen operating system , he said . a game like crysis comes out and you just say , how much is that game ? about , with new video card , ram and processor .
united airlines and us airways are in very advanced talks towards a merger and an announcement is expected within two weeks , according to a source familiar with the negotiations .
khieu samphan s lawyers have said they will appeal against his detention .
the united states statue of liberty and australia s sydney opera house have been sitting in the bottom since the start .
an insufficient number of members of liberals , minority party members and even some members of his ruling colorado party showed up in the senate to form the quorum necessary to approve the resignation request he made on monday .
he admitted that the number of iraqi army battalions capable of operating without us support had fallen since june from three to one .
belgrade , serbia cnn a year old serb was found dead and half eaten in the bear cage of belgrade zoo at the weekend during the annual beer festival .
it is effectively thumbing its nose at the international community , he said of iran .
not all the online pursuits were serious .
but many women s groups and artists fear proposals to crack down on anything regarded as pornography by the bill s sponsors could restrict freedoms .
the local currency strengthened . percent against the greenback last year , weakening the price competitiveness of exports .
that includes health checks at the hong kong airport for anyone arriving from mexico .
samak is expected to be the next prime minister once he pulls together a coalition of parties that would give the ppp a majority of seats in parliament .
the scent of warm , dry grass fills the air .
if my mother taught me how to love then yeltsin taught me not only how to understand what a free person is but also how to become free .
the fleet s three whale hunter vessels can t operate without the factory ship nisshin maru there to process the kill , she added .
we can all develop what s called medical student syndrome .
the world bank s executive board will meet on tuesday to decide the future of the organization s president , paul wolfowitz , after an internal panel concluded he had violated staff rules by arranging a promotion and pay rise for his girlfriend and and suggested the bank was suffering a crisis in leadership .
when we spend billion a month on iraq , every month , that means less money to fix crumbling roads and bridges here at home .
the medal auctioned tuesday was made to washington s specifications .
pele widely recognized as the greatest footballer ever to play the game is also due in town next month to attend sheffield fc s clash with inter .
smith , , graduated from belmont university and interned last year for the production company behind the oprah winfrey show .
china will not tolerate the us and japan including taiwan in a security alliance , chinese foreign minister li zhaoxing has said .
the dalai lama said wednesday he is happy to attend this summer s olympic games in beijing , china , if he is invited .
no country for old men , the coen brothers film about a brutal killer and laconic sheriff pursuing a man across the scrub of west texas , earned eight nominations for the th academy awards , including nods for best picture , best director and best supporting actor javier bardem .
the beauty of this system is the whole infrastructure to distribute , to market and to use it is already in place , he said .
government officials have urged citizens to reduce their notoriously high consumption of gas to ensure there are no further cuts or shortages .
chung , a former president of seoul national university , said he has decided not to run in the dec .
the incident occurred about a . m . near mirwais nika girls high school in the meir weis mena district .
jin s transfer comes just six weeks before the opening of a communist party congress that occurs twice a decade .
militants holding five britons in iraq threatened in a video on tuesday to kill one of them in days as a first warning unless britain withdrew its troops .
in february , mastercard introduced a program to let its customers pay bills via the internet .
sales of the shoes made famous by iraqi journalist muntadhar al zaidi have soared , with requests pouring in to the turkish shoemaker from across the world , media reports said monday .
the doctor would be able to check the condition of a patient s heart , for example , by holding the receiver near the patient rather than putting him through a costly cat scan or surgery .
many governments and rights organizations around the world accuse cuba of violating liberties by jailing critics and limiting speech and media freedoms .
although she reported to the jail just before midnight sunday and departed in the early hours of thursday , she was given credit for five days , he said .
in days of fighting , between , and , lebanese civilians and combatants were killed , as were israeli soldiers and civilians .
it also raises the possibility that scientists could use genome wide sequencing to re create an extinct creature .
pope benedict xvi was saddened at the news and expressed solidarity with the man s family and the police corps , the statement said .
that was enough to trigger calls for olmert s resignation from coalition partners as well as opponents .
dominguez had arranged branches to spell the word help near the culvert , but rescuers didn t see that until they were turning the helicopter around after spotting dominguez .
she took the chances she got , mauresmo said . she began pretty bad and i was doing well , but then it went the other way .
erdogan was speaking after the country s constitutional court annulled last friday s parliamentary vote to elect a new president .
suit and tie is standard attire in most offices , although some businesses began tolerating casual garb
letterman is now a married man , after all these years ?
the flip has been a hit ever since it hit the market as the one handed pocket camcorder for dummies , simpletons , or anyone otherwise gadget challenged .
prosecutors claimed detaining yoo is crucial in bringing to light lone star s stock manipulation scheme .
michigan governor debbie stabenow tells fox news sunday , that the white house needs to protect gm , chrysler and ford , just as other countries protect their carmakers .
critics accuse veteran leader president robert mugabe of trying to push through the empowerment bill to extend his patronage and focus attention from zimbabwe s economic turmoil .
on sunday , clinton called the comments elitist , out of touch and frankly , patronizing , and added , you know , the democratic party , to be very blunt about it , has been viewed as a party that didn t understand and respect the values and the way of life of so many of our fellow americans .
typical of a country obsessed with order and detail , every item is scrupulously labeled with time and place of recovery , then computer archived no matter how seemingly trivial .
let the pros teach the kids .
authorities have been on the lookout for signs of the deadly h n strain of bird flu over the last year .
the automotive group , which is struggling to stem huge losses , will also close down nine assembly , stamping and powertrain engine maker facilities .
obama earlier brushed aside the adviser s remarks , saying they were probably the result of the latest poll numbers , which show the two candidates tied in the first primary state , new hampshire .
more controversially , it seems to suggest that the korean government was worried at the time about the possibility of u . s . attempts to reintroduce nuclear weapons to the peninsula .
scores of people fled from their homes in the region , which has been hit by a series of powerful earthquakes in recent months .
cho seung hui sent a package of videos , photographs and writing to nbc on the day of the shootings .
many traveled by chartered bus from cowen s power base in the rural irish midlands .
his parents in northern california are now pleading with president george w . bush to set their son free before leaving office .
the associated press reported thursday that about of the serb officers in the kosovo police force have either quit or not shown up for work since the independence declaration .
there were no other tigers that were lose in the zoo and no more victims , fong said wednesday .
people who follow obama online have become a community that the president elect can tap into , said andrew raseij , founder of techpresident . com , a web site that tracked the online operations of the presidential campaigns .
grimaldi called the idea of extracting dna highly , highly unlikely , given that as other scientists have noted it tends to break down over time .
wellington , florida cnn the owner of a wildlife sanctuary was attacked by two cheetahs saturday and hospitalized with about puncture wounds to her extremities and back , authorities said .
they had traveled more than , miles to get help for their son , from war torn central baghdad to coastal los angeles .
some critics say japan s involvement in the mission violates the nation s pacifist constitution , which strictly limits its military activities .
sara hammon saw some of her sisters pulled out of school to be married to men they didn t know .
about one in admitted they were the object of criticism or stares because of their own cell phone use .
a crowd of onlookers , photographers and reporters gathered outside the apartment building after news of ledger s death was reported .
someone needs to pinch me .
summer sea ice is now forecasted to completely disappear in the summer months sometime between and
prosecutors look confident about proving lone star s involvement in illegal activities .
cnn an italian fashion label has stirred debate by featuring a naked , anorexic model on billboards across the country in an effort to raise awareness of the illness .
north korea wants to be the pakistan of northeast asia .
olmert gave no sign he is ready to quit .
lee was criticized by opponents and some newspapers for not overseeing the government response earlier this month .
officials earlier confirmed they had stopped granting visas to indian workers , in a move said to be linked to rallies by malaysian indians last year .
i know general musharraf trusts them , i respect his trust in them , but i also have my own suspicions , she said .
but the israel defense forces made no mention of an attempted kidnapping in its official statement , saying , the hamas terrorist organization attempted to execute yet another terrorist attack by means of a large scale operation .
brig . gen . abdul karim khalaf , an interior ministry spokesman , said there were three suicide trucks carrying two tons of explosives . at least houses and other buildings were destroyed .
if you look at which was a worse case scenario than this , or the s with the depression worst case scenario , the market always comes back .
a group of armed men attacked as many as migrant construction workers who were striking over unpaid wages , communist chinese media reports .
or did one of the crowd artfully slip it off his wrist and pocket it ?
the schnabel family left germany when hitler rose to power and became u . s . citizens in .
daniel calingaert , a zimbabwe analyst for u . s . based freedom house , said mugabe s ruling zanu pf party wields quite a bit of influence over the high court .
according to police , kim allegedly ordered his bodyguards to strike at least six employees of a bar in pukchang dong , downtown seoul , march , after his second son , dong won , got into a fight with one of them at another bar in chongdam dong , southern seoul .
it has embarked on the creation of a new supercomputer that should reign as one of the fastest of its kind for weather forecasting for the next several years .
no shortage of reading material on capitol hill today
equal rights , others answered .
obama s wins give him more delegates than clinton .
the white house release said administration officials have generally declined to comment on the matter and denied making any misleading statements .
cnn the only copy of the magna carta in the united states , regarded as the earliest declaration of human rights , will be returned to the national archives by the man who purchased it for more than . million .
sometimes several searches are made within the space of just a few meters .
dennis kucinich brought the debate back to iraq , saying he voted against the war in iraq which sets him apart from other candidates on the stage .
as i walked into rajashwer village in southern bangladesh , the only sign of human habitation was tarpaulins strung up along the river bank .
japan and north start talks on recognition .
another showed a naked prisoner handcuffed to a bed with women s underwear over his head .
the survey was also authorized by the chinese government , turvey said .
means that products will be smaller .
jaafar and another passenger were killed , and the driver was wounded , the ministry official said .
i always stayed up for those cartoons that came on once a year .
the attacks began sunday night as thousands celebrated the chinese new year holiday .
in the first survey of its kind , government funded experts estimated that selling sex generated trillion won us billion last year , or . percent of the country s gross domestic product , and employed , women , thousands of them from russia and the philippines .
among the tunes on the play list are the star spangled banner and an american in paris
i was concerned about the knickers or underpants . . . being thrown at him and him collecting it and . . . holding it in his hands as some sort of trophy , said the singer , whose international performances included the wedding of britain s prince charles and diana spencer .
vermont senator patrick leahy tells abc s this week he fully expects the senate to confirm a supreme court justice to replace the retiring justice david souter before the start of the next supreme court session
chrysler said a systems will supply the lithium ion batteries for the company s extended range gas electric cars and its all electric cars .
more than rockets have been launched into israeli territory since the campaign began , israel defense forces said .
part of the church s mission is to protect the human beings against self destruction , the pope said in his annual address to the cardinals , archbishops and others who make up the roman curia .
the first , mariame , was inscribed in a formal greek script , and later , when the bones of another woman were added to the box , another scribe using a different cursive script added the words kai mara , meaning and mara .
but i m afraid it might be quite difficult to get him to change his mind , he said
hundreds of u . s . and afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern afghan region of tora bora , near the border with pakistan , officials have told cnn .
police analyzed images and videos traded by the chat room s members for the smallest clues that could help them identify , locate and rescue the victims .
kim jong hoon , the chief south korean negotiator in free trade talks with the united states , was promoted to the post of trade minister .
and that s bad news for mccain , because the poll suggests a growing number of americans believe the republican presidential nominee would have the same policies as the current republican president .
president elect barack obama will introduce his budget director and talk more about the need to hold the line on some spending in chicago today .
the day , , km , mile route is the longest ever and includes an attempt to take the flame to the top of mount everest as well as stops on all of the five continents represented by the olympic rings .
saudi arabia signaled tuesday that it was proceeding with plans to cut oil production , prompting a gathering of opec officials in vienna this week to voice support for higher crude oil prices , which have become a sensitive political issue in the united states .
they are the ones who skim , sort and position letters in strategic locations for other people to see .
qari yousuf ahmadi said that the remaining hostages are still alive for the time being , denying an earlier report that the militant group would kill four more captives as kabul refused to accept its demand to free jailed guerrilla fighters .
this is being done at the expense of the consumers and sellers to whom ebay is always offering opportunities , she added .
in their work with the lovestruck , the scientists found brain differences between men and women .
it s been years of state or private cash funding most research which doctors hope could one day find cures for alzheimer s or severed nerves .
a vatican official suspended after being caught on hidden camera making advances to a young man said in an interview published sunday that he is not gay and was only pretending to be gay as part of his work .
and turn , turn , turn ! seconds before their airbus a skidded off the runway in sao paulo and slammed into a building last month , flight recorder transcripts revealed wednesday .
from the divisive millennium dome arena in london , to the rock and roll hall of fame in cleveland , and the incomplete ryugyong hotel in north korea we have compiled a gallery of ten of the world s ugliest buildings for your viewing displeasure .
democrats have the numbers to pass the measure , which may get just a handful of gop votes .
the stage was also set for parliament by monday s convening of the chinese people s political consultative conference cppcc which xinhua describes as china s top political advisory body .
the killings in bittsa park began almost a decade later .
but the u . s . and eu say that kosovo s move is not the precursor for a wave of declarations of independence .
the north south summit and the six party talks go side by side , and after the initial steps are completed in mid april , it is possible to consider and discuss the summit , former prime minister lee hae chan told reporters in beijing saturday after he returned from pyongyang .
despite the billions of dollars spent since the last north south summit seven years ago , the north remains impoverished and isolated .
china is ready to strengthen cooperation with other countries , including the u . s . , in countering internet crimes .
this unfortunate error breaks my heart .
in that respect , comments to blog posts are attempts to strike back .
air assault forces came in by helicopter , recovered the bodies of the two pilots and destroyed the downed chopper .
officials here in seoul , increasingly unhappy with the u . s . denunciations of their brethren in the north , tried to restrain their own .
these educational support programs for children of conflict are the best way to help them heal , said jolie in a statement from education partnership for children of conflict , which she co chairs .
shauntel mayo were sentenced to life in prison .
cnn job seekers often forget that seasonal jobs aren t only for gift wrappers and department store santas during the holidays .
both sides agreed to hold marathon weekend talks in an effort to restart the shows for thanksgiving .
if rdr s position is accepted , it will undoubtedly have a significant , negative impact on the freedoms enjoyed by genuine fans on the internet , she said . authors everywhere will be forced to protect their creations much more rigorously
the united states and europe have been at odds , with europe demanding significant , real cuts while the united states wants to encourage emissions trading and carbon traps , which would store co underground .
in the last century , however , americans have drastically reduced their intake of these oils , as we moved to diets based on processed foods .
former peruvian president alberto fujimori , already convicted of abuse of authority , denied in a second trial wednesday that he was aware of a military death squad even though he lived at army headquarters when the group operated .
july will be a busy month of shuttle diplomacy , hill told reporters , as the six party talks get ready to see their first tangible accomplishment in north korea shutting down its nuclear facilities .
hong kong blue chips rose . percent while the index of hong kong listed shares in mainland companies , shot up nearly percent .
the woman , a successful executive , has joined a growing number of professional women in japan in forking out from , to , a night for male companionship .
and just mammals have become extinct in the last years , the iucn said .
and one , if not two insurgents , had run through the parking area toward the front of the building . the suicide bomber apparently came in right after that and blew himself up outside the building , stewart said .
baghdad celebrates first public christmas amid hope , memories
. tackle the blahs in bursts
the export industries of thailand and malaysia are also heavily reliant on foreign firms .
terrorism analyst laura mansfield told cnn that while the message is directed at the pakistani people , the simultaneous release of transcripts in english , pashto , and arabic indicate the terror group is looking at a wider audience , including the english speaking world .
we hope that this kind of leverage and pressure will encourage the bank of america to do the right thing for this business , take some of that federal tax money that they ve received , and uh , invest it by providing the necessary credit to this company , so these workers can keep their jobs .
pakistan s test came days after bomb blasts sparked a fire on a train in india that was headed for pakistan , killing people , mostly pakistanis .
pakistan would remain under a state of emergency for as long as it is necessary , pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz said sunday .
prosecutors said they will now carefully review the elaborate investigation papers to determine whether there are sufficient conditions and enough materials to require further investigation or draw an end to the case .
yeah , we know each other pretty well , henin said after beating no . dinara safina at night . i know everyone was waiting for that match , and here we are .
li said that the orbiter was programmed to respond as it did , but that orbiter team members were trying to get the radio back on .
we are encouraged by the labor union and the provincial government in helping to find a fair and timely resolution to the current work stoppage , george lin , factory general manager said in a statement wednesday .
the head of the islamic state of iraq has long been a key target , and was believed to be working with al queda .
in his last term , barr became an increasingly vocal critic of president bush .
beyond the common stance negotiated between france , the united states , germany , britain , china and russia .
before bush s visit , lula said the tariff was unfair and that he would press bush to try to get the u . s . congress to repeal it .
the president and the prime minister want a majority to support the government s actions and to allow reforms , ump spokesman luc chatel said at a press briefing after the meeting .
but sen obama s victory in iowa last week has boosted his campaign .
scores of police blocked streets around congress for the inauguration attended by fellow south american presidents .
voters in detroit are choosing a new mayor .
all this new wealth has generated some interesting conflicts .
i pray for him , his family , the new administration .
about a dozen security guards and police officers were on patrol tuesday when the brooklyn school opened , mainly to shepherd the throngs of reporters covering the event .
ferraro stirred controversy with her recent remarks that obama s campaign was successful because he was black .
the case was appealed to the u . s . supreme court where the justices ruled in on a to vote that the sketch was indecent but not obscene , giving the fcc broad leeway to determine what constituted indecency on the airwaves , especially when it involves children .
france s new first lady said in an interview published tuesday that despite her whirlwind romance with president nicolas sarkozy , she expects the marriage to last a lifetime .
that s not the way it works , clinton said , referring to a famous scene in the first rocky movie .
the document does spell out some health policies in detail , such as how much radiation astronauts can be exposed to from space travel .
government officials and representatives of the revamped airline have declined to re open contract negotiations with trade unions .
maradona s appointment has not met with universal approval in argentina because of his volatile temperament , history of drug bans and alcohol abuse which left him hugely overweight and close to death .
after years of marriage , i can t say no .
the institute for research in collaborationist activities released the list of , notable pro japanese collaborators , marking the day japan annexed korea in .
the father has said he did not object to madonna adopting david .
cnn . com live will stream live coverage of the meeting from start to finish on saturday .
the trick is to convince his line boss that nothing is more vital to the company at the moment than community relations .
with more crowds rolling in , and more parties popping up , the cardinals and steelers will try to avoid the distractions and focus on sunday s game .
natural regeneration is the best way for forests to grow .
kiriakou said he lasted only a few seconds during his training because his body felt like it was seizing up almost immediately .
as a precaution , at least ambulances arrived on the scene .
intelligence officials have revealed a spate of foiled plots on ships in southeast asia and are warning that a narrow stretch of water carrying almost one third of the world s maritime trade is vulnerable to a terror attack .
at least , people protested against what they saw as the unfair treatment of indians in muslim majority malaysia .
but former deputy secretary of state richard armitage said pakistan s nuclear weapons are secure , and cautioned against overreacting .
and following a visit by us envoy john negroponte , opposition leader imran khan was freed .
the average keen american jogger runs miles km a week .
many people remained inside homes that were set afire by the demonstrators , ijewere said .
the boat had set sail with passengers from bahia solano , a port farther north , the spokeswoman said .
three military trucks arrived outside the maggin monastery and told everyone inside to leave , according to the online edition of the irrawaddy , a news magazine run by myanmar exiles in thailand .
backed by , u . n . peacekeepers , congo s government , based in the faraway capital , kinshasa , has struggled for years to improve security in the east .
the scottish born financier who , in an unprecedented move , was appointed to a top advisory position , stressed that openness and transparency are key to helping the nation achieve its economic goals .
john terry will continue to be monitored by the england medical staff and assessed for any reaction , said an england
in response , lt . col . christopher garver , a u . s . military spokesman , said , we have always said we welcome those who want to participate positively in the future of iraq .
expletive u faa , the message reads , though one letter of the profane word is substituted with an underline .
exposure also could skew their perceptions about what constitutes a healthy sexual relationship , said janis wolak , the study s lead author and a researcher at the university of new hampshire s crimes against children research center .
stocks opening slightly lower on more bad economic news .
demonstrations are planned in cities worldwide against burma s continuing detention of democracy leader aung san suu kyi and other political prisoners .
had the three month writers strike not ended tuesday , the academy still would have put on a b show .
he said he would build a great nation that will generate hope here in guatemala and bring hope back to guatemala .
the medications already carry warnings of possible heart risks in those with heart defects or other heart problems , which some critics said were driven more by concerns of overuse of the drugs than their safety .
adding the categorization is an insult to the incumbent administration .
greece and portugal started their switch overs in , and are giving themselves a decade as well .
during the summer months , parents take refuge in childcare , whether in the form of a private caretaker or a professional facility .
however , without mature conditions for such an option and due to strong objection by its allies , a u . s . military campaign remains an unfeasible plan for the time being , officials and experts said yesterday .
police said on sunday that two men attacked park geun hye , leader of the main opposition grand national party gnp , saturday evening out of dissatisfaction with and hatred toward society .
twenty six percent of patients reported a psychiatric symptom , compared with percent of placebo patients .
robert menzies , who held office for over years , holds the record .
many newspapers defended their decision to reprint the cartoons on the grounds of freedom of expression .
displaying your problem solving skills is better than babbling about something you don t understand .
the regional storm is the worst to hit the rovers since they landed on opposite ends of mars in , and scientists expect the storm to last for at least another week . the highest dust activity is centered near opportunity .
state department spokesman tom casey declined to confirm the blair appointment but said the quartet discussed the issue at a meeting in jerusalem tuesday .
one other thing that is needed
rice was in the ethiopian capital , where the african union is headquartered , to meet with african leaders after expressing growing unease about deteriorating security and faltering peace deals in a number of countries on the continent .
hoganas , sweden cnn swedish artist lars vilks says all he s doing is taking a stand in the name of artistic expression .
the deployment will bring british troop levels in afghanistan to around , until , meaning britain will have more forces based there than in iraq for the first time since the iraq invasion .
atlantis astronauts mike goode and mike massamino have begun work on repairing another broken part of the hubble space telescope
fed chairman ben bernanke is telling congress today it needs to act to help absorb some of the shock .
kazakhstan , one of the main wheat exporters in the global market , plans to levy export tariffs on wheat to fight domestic inflation , joining russia and argentina in wheat export restrictions .
but how does a visitor find the real harlem amid all the changes ?
japan claims the new move is an anti terrorist measure that will cut crime , but human rights organizations say it violates foreigners rights to privacy and could encourage xenophobia .
asif ali zardari , co chair of the pakistan people s party , made his comments as u . s . president bush said he hoped the new pakistan government would be friends of the united states .
seoul s transportation system is to be changed drastically starting of june .
new coaching staff will be determined after verbeek returns but little change is expected from the current members .
that s the only dress we ll carry along with all stains accumulated during the journey , she wrote .
the number of casualties was unclear , but some people onboard have been saved , mallarangeng said , and had been taken to hospitals .
suspecting that one or more of the pituitaries had come from a cjd victim , the fda banned the use of cadavers as sources of growth hormone .
the three judge panel delivered the verdict as most of the defendants watched from wooden benches in a glass enclosed area of the courtroom .
since the summer of , uribe has been bedridden , relying on his mother and friends to feed and clean him .
the streets of paris were already filled with traffic and pedestrians as commuters , unable to take the trains , resorted to other means to get to work .
lt . gen . raymond odierno , commander of the u . s . led forces in iraq , said thursday , the bottom line is that we believe that the quds force has been involved in training and possibly providing funding and potentially weapons to some groups within iraq . so we watch that extremely carefully .
the army and other security forces were on full alert as the nation braced itself for possible violence .
marulanda , , died march of a heart attack in one of the forested hideouts used by farc , colombia s revolutionary armed forces , according to a taped speech by farc commander timoleon jimenez , also known as timochenko .
five of the survivors were injured and were in stable condition at a hospital , xinhua said .
the malaysian government has said it hopes to obtain a full time pair of northern irish sniffer dogs trained to seek out counterfeit dvds and cds .
founded in , rctv regularly topped viewer ratings with its talk shows , sports , soap operas and comedy programs .
light , sweet crude for april delivery rose . to . on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier setting a new trading record of . .
south korea s city of yeosu monday won the right to host the world expo in , beating tangiers of morocco and wroclaw v raht swahf of poland .
while civil partnerships between homosexual couples are officially recognized in britain , the church of england s guidelines ask clergy not to bless such partnerships .
steven gerrard scored the other .
they have also suggested that not freeing the nurses would carry a diplomatic cost for libyan leader moammar gaddafi , who after scrapping a prohibited weapons program in is trying to emerge from more than three decades of diplomatic isolation .
officials said pyongyang pulled out of south korean officials working in the industrial complex near the border village of panmunjom .
this round of talks , which began on tuesday with negotiators determined to keep it open ended to see a substantial result , is meant to serve as the guideline on future step by step moves toward resolving the nuclear standoff based on the core principle of denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
the group claimed responsibility for a bomb attack in algiers on the algerian prime minister s office in april .
this attack on the u . n . is an attack on us all and our highest ideals , he said in a video address from bali , indonesia , to the member general assembly .
late wednesday the united nations nuclear watchdog , the iaea , referred the nuclear crisis to the u . n . security council , which raises the possibility of sanctions .
in an interview published in the sunday mirror , kate mccann is quoted as saying of the portuguese police , they want me to lie i m being framed .
the new head , jo joon ho , won the election over a candidate from a hawkish faction in the korean confederation of trade unions .
tulba opened his bag to show the snakes to the police and asked the officers , who held a safe distance , not to come close .
at about apiece , the qtech brand computers are within the reach of only a few cubans , whose average monthly salary is .
the illinois democrat said he would work to carry on the vision the senator s brother laid out when he was president nearly five decades ago .
but there s a condition
the vote triggered an instant veto threat from the white house in a deepening dispute between congress and commander in chief .
lebanese army sources said their troops fired at an israeli bulldozer that had crossed the blue line into lebanese territory in maroun a rus about p . m .
little traffic , few gatherings , no big events in mexico city , as government officials try to break the grip of a swine flu outbreak that s killed up to people and made more than others sick .
bush also said he is thrilled to have a front row seat in an unbelievable moment in american history .
moroccan authorities have linked one of the suspects , ali aarass , to the casablanca bombings in may that killed bystanders and suicide bombers .
former prosecutor masterminded a bizarre scheme last month to kidnap a golf club owner and take over his business using forged documents , the incheon international airport police said yesterday .
the u . s . military death toll in iraq for july is at least , making it the lowest monthly tally in the war since last november , when american forces died .
if obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . and if he was a woman , he would not be in this position . he happens to be very lucky to be who he is .
ukraine president leonid kuchma gave the shutdown order from kiev over a video linkup with the plant , located some miles away .
i ve never seen anything like it , officer trent cross of the california highway patrol said of the crumpled interchange .
the affidavit does not mention spitzer by name , but a source with knowledge of the case said the subject identified as client is the governor .
at the end of the three year course , they told me i was ideologically unfit to become a special agent .
the olympic committee said it voted monday to withdraw its request for guarantees because the games would cost too much .
i ve had worse press than a pedophile or a murderer and i ve done nothing but charity for years .
roh will be accompanied by official delegates , but only he and first lady kwon yang suk will actually cross the border on foot .
quiet cobbled streets outside , exposed beam ceilings inside accompanied by the smell from wood burning pizza ovens and the chime of church bells .
the inauguration featured putin almost as much as the new president .
but the insurgency appears to be gathering pace rather than running out of steam .
given the independent results from weight training , the researchers theorized that adding weight training to a high intensity exercise program would reap even greater benefits .
bush gave the speech on democracy in one of the few countries in the region the united arab emirates where democracy has been virtually ignored .
if this strike is prolonged , it could be a significant problem for samsung and other major exporters , samsung electronics spokesman james chung said .
no wonder the administration sat on the news for days while it scrambled to figure out how to downsize the crisis .
interior ministry spokesman , maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf said al sabawi is now being interrogated .
that s my hope . i think i can do it , ntv quoted fujimori as saying .
at the more than test events held by organizers , the presence of squat toilets at many of the new and renovated venues has drawn frequent complaints .
the committee cited ahtisaari s significant part in establishing namibia s independence and his central role in solving the question of the indonesian province of aceh in .
obama won the caucuses in wyoming on saturday , taking seven of the delegates at stake .
doesn t have an mba .
instead of naming only the companies and their legal representatives , clerks also wrote in the witness list the names of the cartoons that decorated the toys and gadgets the man had reproduced , said fiorenza sorotto , vice president of disney company italia .
the canadian food inspection agency said monday that the latest case of mad cow disease , also known as bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or bse , does not suggest the problem is more widespread .
in the last round of talks in september , north korea agreed to dismantle its nuclear programs in return for economic benefits and diplomatic recognition .
the troops killed sunday were from the nd battalion of britain s parachute regiment .
the cyclone resulted in far fewer fatalities than the tsunami .
just yesterday , the illinois governor was standing up for laid off workers who were staging a sit in at a chicago factory .
adam air s permit was revoked because it failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft , including pilot training and supervision in accordance with standard operational procedures , ervan said .
a hotel blast in pakistan s northwestern city of peshawar on tuesday left people dead and injured , police said .
he seemed pretty level headed about it , but he did tell italian state radio that he felt like he was in a war , with the shots flying .
standing onstage , comedian aron kader describes how his cousin in the middle east likes to curse the united states in english .
cecilia has set a new record for making a swift recovery , a news reader said dryly on france inter radio on monday .
the fire has shut down a stretch of the pacific coast highway that runs through the area .
yorba linda is a bedroom community in orange county , miles southeast of los angeles .
lee kun hee , the samsung group chairman , is the only remaining active member of the committee from south korea , according to the joong ang ilbo .
the child of bethlehem summons us once again to do everything in our power to put an end to the suffering of these children to do everything possible to make the light of bethlehem touch the heart of every man and woman , he said .
much of the talk on the streets of big cities like yangon is on a monday deadline set by monks for the regime to apologize for beating hundreds of them two weeks ago as they marched and chanted buddhist prayers peacefully in pakokku , a center of buddhist learning .
ashraf qazi , the u . n . secretary general s special representative for iraq , called the attack an abominable crime aimed at widening the sectarian and ethnic divide in iraq .
the decision means that the experiment of letting a nobel laureate reform kaist proved to be a failure as laughlin was urged to leave the university against his will .
the shrine pays homage to millions of japanese war dead , including class a world war ii criminals .
all three are up for favorite movie and favorite action movie .
abbas has been involved in a political power struggle against gaza based leaders of hamas , a rival movement that israel considers terrorist .
in ohio , to percent , and in pennsylvania , to percent .
u . s . and south korean officials also said there was no proof that reprocessing had begun , and suggested the vaguely worded original north korean statement may have been mistranslated .
while that computer is down , most science observations are at a standstill .
it frustrates me a little , because it is not easy to get out , said uribe , who has not been able to leave bed for the past six years .
post surgical conditions , parkinson s disease , stroke and arthritis may also cause some impairment . pretty much if you name a health condition , yoga can help with it , she says .
he did not say if the taliban had accepted the delegation s appeal .
bush said the men agreed to share ideas , and involve officials from the u . s . state department , department of defense and military .
you might or might not encounter them , but i will guarantee that you will have no danger .
we think a dynamic of return to work has begun , sncf spokeswoman julie vion said .
they are reporting very good progress . they have caucused with a lot of people , tsvangirai said .
sen . barack obama on sunday said as president he would strengthen government oversight of energy traders he blames in large part for the skyrocketing price of oil .
the researchers euthanized the fatter banteng tuesday , concluding it had little chance to survive .
mccain turned in august , which would make him the oldest man to begin a first term as president
adapted from the hong kong crime thriller infernal affairs , the departed stars leonardo dicaprio as a cop who s undercover in a boston crime outfit , matt damon as a mob mole who has infiltrated the police , and jack nicholson as the merciless gang leader pulling everyone s strings .
he is known for his electronic compositions that are a radical departure from musical tradition and incorporate influences as varied as the visual arts , the acoustics of a particular concert hall , and psychology .
students have the most difficulty staying awake and functioning during early morning classes .
a u . s . military convoy was passing by when the bomb detonated , but the blast missed the americans . international terrorists killed , u . s . says
the coalition said one enemy fighting position was destroyed , and no afghan civilian injuries were reported .
sen . barack obama said thursday the most important thing he could achieve as president would be to deal with iraq and the threat of al qaeda in afghanistan while improving our influence around the world .
jon hamm has a confession to make
a vessel dredging sand from the seabed and spraying and piling it onto the desired area and into the requested shape . dubai palm opens with star studded party
oas foreign ministers are to meet march in washington to examine the facts and make the pertinent recommendations , the resolution concluded .
a suicide car bomber killed people and injured people in iraq .
nine palestinians were killed in the latest violence in the west bank and gaza , including two militants and a year old killed sunday in the west bank .
the pentagon report said that china was spending far more on its military than it had admitted .
he was one of the most powerful men in the us until he resigned last week .
the leader of the opposition grand national party gnp said monday his party will file a lawsuit against lee sang eop , a former senior official of the spy agency for orchestrating the covert operations against lee myung bak , one of gnp s leading presidential contenders .
gadahn was indicted in on charges of treason and offering material support for terrorism , the first american charged with treason since world war ii .
obama even admitted saturday that he is campaigning at a more leisurely pace these days , because the april contest is still weeks away .
hu is scheduled to meet with prime minister yasuo fukuda , the japanese emperor and business and political leaders .
chinese premier wen jiabao on monday pledged greater support for education and health care over the next year and said the government would tackle sources of social unrest such as environmental problems , land seizures and privatization of state industries .
hundreds of volunteers are filling a million and a half sandbags to protect the city from the flood .
he gave no details of iran s capacity , but some officials said , uranium gas enrichment centrifuges were running at the natanz plant in central iran .
authorities in roanoke , virginia , will do the same .
chrysler group signed a deal wednesday with china s biggest automaker , chery , to manufacture small cars to export to the united states and other markets .
but just what genes and cells drive those differences remained mysterious .
it s hardly a surprise that one of the main reasons people like to work for ibm is the company s all out effort to maintain full employment .
officers and circus employees rounded them up before they could get too far and returned them to their pens .
one of the group s members told south korea to withdraw its troops and refuse to send more , or , we ll send you this korean s head .
the explosions , which happened on a road between the saydiya and dora districts , also damaged several cars , the official said .
he appeared in a number of films for the studio in , including shadow of the thin man , johnny eager and dr . kildare s victory .
. million stolen from the northern bank headquarters in belfast , northern ireland , in .
intel has deals in pakistan , brazil , mexico and nigeria .
president hamid karzai claims as many as civilians were killed in the coalition bombing raids during that fight .
most employees at businesses and government agencies address each other by their titles .
the report said there was some evidence to suggest the kidnap was initially planned as an assassination attempt .
in neighboring iran , one cleric dubbed the act the shoe intifada rebellion .
hill was designated as assistant u . s . secretary of state on north east asia , a job that will task him with negotiations on the stand off over north korea s nuclear weapons program on behalf of the u . s .
george pataki rejected demands that he intervene in negotiations .
bank workers and employees from more than state run companies walked off their jobs for a one day strike , virtually paralyzing the south asian nation s financial markets , factories and ports .
yahoo has previously said it had to comply with chinese laws to operate in the country .
while the wealthiest nations dole out as much as , per person each year , some countries are unable or unwilling to spend more than per person .
the remainder were africans , including at least from cameroon and at least nine from kenya , according to airline figures .
yoo ki hong of the united new democratic party , , people reported their u . s . doctorates to korea research foundation krf between january and july .
england striker rooney steered his shot inside the far post to end united s frustrations after nemanja vidic was been sent off four minutes into the second half for an elbow on claudio bieler .
and while scientists need more studies before they endorse adams remedy , they do agree that the best way to reset the brain s clock to adjust to a new time zone is with light .
the report also endorsed giving nations wide latitude in deciding how to go about achieving reductions .
chicago came in with a leading nominations , followed by the crime epic gangs of new york with .
nasa administrator michael griffin recently told lawmakers that china s ambitious space program could feasibly beat the united states in the race back to the moon , although he and outside experts say there s no indication yet that china is on that path .
the australian government released no further information about their fate .
former president kim dae jung will leave for japan on october th to receive an honorary doctorate of law from ritsumeikan university in kyoto on october th where he will give a lecture .
japan has asked china to clarify reports that beijing has imposed a ban on shipping near disputed gas fields in the east china sea .
new delhi , india cnn wild monkeys attacked a senior government official who then fell from a balcony at his home and died sunday , media reported .
an ad hoc military panel reported the plan to president roh moo hyun last friday , the source said , asking not to be named .
the olympic flame is on a day journey that will take it through cities on five continents and then throughout china , culminating at the olympics opening ceremony in beijing august .
he forced tadic into a runoff in the first round of voting january , leading a field of nine with about percent of the vote .
under the agreement , the ruling uri party will discuss with gnp a possible revision of the controversial private schools law for development and eradication of corruption at private schools .
the court also fined the pair , dirhams for the charge of public indecency .
officials said the new security measures , while inconvenient for visitors , were necessary .
police have named a student who shot dead at least people at virginia tech university on monday as cho seung hui , a year old south korean .
china , the u . s . , south korea and russia agreed to foot the bill though moscow may contribute in the form of debt relief .
the draft also welcomes efforts by egyptian president hosni mubarak to broker a cease fire between israelis and palestinians in current talks in cairo , egypt .
it s an economic blueprint for our future ?
the march is the first reported since a government crackdown on peaceful pro democracy demonstrations in september , in which as many as people are believed to have been killed , including buddhist monks .
that , after a nasty cold front , blew through the other day .
he is believed to be the most senior iraqi in al qaeda in iraq .
the death toll from vietnam s typhoon lekima rose to as rescue workers rushed to get aid to thousands of people still stuck in flooded areas , officials said wednesday .
the comments by prince bandar bin sultan are similar to the remarks this week by saudi king abdullah that suggested britain could have prevented the july train bombings in london if it had heeded warnings from riyadh .
several thousand turkish troops crossed into northern iraq early wednesday to chase kurdish guerrillas who attack turkey from bases there , two turkish security officials said .
the us was certain , he said , that the force was providing a weapon known as an efp , which the us says has been used in particularly deadly attacks .
cnn a court in saudi arabia increased the punishment for a gang rape victim after her lawyer won an appeal of the sentence for the rapists , the lawyer told cnn .
so far , u . s . dwarfism patients and an additional overseas have contracted cjd from infected cadavers .
the japanese crowd heard a beat reminiscent of american style hip hop but then white started to sing .
in the best case scenario , the institute said that the growth would settle at . percent .
north korea is likely to face intensified sanctions , albeit nonmilitary , if it once more defies international warnings and tests its nuclear arsenal , independent observers say .
prime minister jose ramos horta of east timor told a cheering crowd in his hometown sunday he will stand in april s presidential elections , vowing to help return peace and stability to the troubled nation .
on the chinese mainland , stocks also rallied , with the benchmark shanghai composite index jumping . percent a day after it ended at a three month low .
the day after she was confirmed overwhelmingly , secretary of state hillary clinton greeted foreign service employees this morning , telling them their input matters
more than arrests were made .
dickens world s backers say they are trying to capture that vibrant landscape in their million pound us million euro million theme park .
cnn authorities in galveston , texas , say they know the identity of a little girl whose body washed ashore in a box last month , and that the girl s mother and another person have been arrested .
the couple s real life wedding in was eclipsed by a fairy tale ceremony held within second life .
cf the ship slipped into the harbor at night .
it also wants to introduce a new system of five year carbon budgets and the creation of a climate change advisory committee .
as the july voting deadline approaches , the rankings can still change , the organizers say .
it is the second smallest winning margin on the tour since greg lemond beat laurent fignon by eight seconds in .
praying fervently for the coming of the kingdom also means being constantly alert for the signs of its presence , and working for its growth in every sector of society .
find out if your manager is only concerned with numbers and results or if with how you achieve them also matters , onderick harvey advises .
the other remaining zeppelin class dirigible , the graf zeppelin ii , was destroyed by the nazi administration who felt the materials could be put to better use with more conventional aircraft .
the korea times reported dawson plans to establish a foundation to help adoptees and orphans in korea .
an afghan intelligence official has said that about people were rounded up for questioning after the attack sunday .
anti war sentiment among republican poll respondents has suddenly increased with percent of republicans now saying they oppose the war .
they may not know it , but the mac is back .
stuart douglas , owner of the australian venom zoo in kuranda , said scrub pythons typically eat wild animals such as wallabies , a smaller relative of the kangaroo , but sometimes turn to pets in urban areas .
the korea herald reports the government s relentless efforts to curb housing prices are stoking concerns that they could cause a hard landing for the property market and hurt the nation s economy by seriously contracting household spending .
dave figures his wife would be concerned and compassionate .
john mccain lost ground in key polls after the first debate , and has been maneuvering over the financial bailout plan .
passengers and crew scrambled for safety through emergency exits as fire raced through the cabin , leaving the wreckage a gutted shell .
with the win , clinton will pick up of pennsylvania s delegates , and obama won , cnn estimates .
czech player renato voracova has replaced her in the draw .
yet despite what appears to be widespread public outrage at the harmful environmental impacts of plastic bottles and bags in particular perhaps the most ubiquitous items in modern day life recycling rates have remained fairly stale overall while production levels have in many cases gone up .
jpmorgan chase co . said sunday that it is buying troubled wall street firm bear stearns , amid deepening fears that bear s demise could have sent shockwaves across already shaky financial markets .
many of those who solicit children for sex are men who are married with children of their own , the study reported .
oh tendered his resignation last friday after he did not show up for a meeting between the ministry and president lee myung bak .
last fall , more than , protesters gathered in the streets and faced squads of police with water cannons .
software companies lost more than billion in due to piracy in the asia pacific region .
in some asian countries , with raucous celebrations leading to a heavy death toll nearly people were injured throughout the philippines due to stray bullets and firecracker accidents during the new year festivities , nearly people have died on roads since the start of the new year holidays .
cnn the state funeral for explorer sir edmund hillary who conquered mount everest is taking place in new zealand .
the chosun ilbo reports a group of hypersensitive korean netizens calling itself the voluntary agency network korea vank have incurred the wrath of their equally patriotic japanese counterparts by persuading google earth earth . google . com to change the name of the body of water between the two countries from sea of japan to east sea .
brown , a former member of new edition , gained solo fame with singles such as don t be cruel and my prerogative .
some events shifted slots from the schedule , others changed sponsors and details are still being finalized about the samsung world championship , which was in cleveland this year .
according to syco music , il divo s uk based label , the quartet has sold more than million albums worldwide .
racing against ibm s tight deadline , allen got in touch with a local hardware vendor that did have an os , seattle computer products .
shin said she would tell all to the prosecutors .
yet his purpose is achieved in our duty , and our duty is fulfilled in service to one another .
his challenger , u . s . based economist jan svejnar , finished second with votes .
more negotiation ahead
but the ministry rejected it on the grounds that it would include those overstaying their visa or entering the nation illegally .
in manila , people protested outside the myanmar embassy , and there were similar scenes in new delhi on monday evening .
it said a path into gaza , where israel launched a ground offensive against hamas militants on saturday , will be opened for a specific period of time , during which the population can receive the aid .
spain allows abortion in the first weeks in cases of rape and within the first weeks if there is a risk of fetal deformation .
in what many saw as an olive branch amid continued diplomatic friction between the two countries , tokyo announced the move which extends a temporary visa waiver in place since last march .
workers hope the spillway will allow the water to bypass beichuan town .
the international red cross on monday evacuated a wounded civilian and women and children who wished to leave the camp .
japan s kyodo news agency had a similar report , saying fujimori was likely to run in the election .
despite north korea s denials , the united states suspended fuel aid to pyongyang , which responded late last year by reactivating the mothballed yongbyon plutonium producing nuclear complex , and expelling u . n . monitors .
seats were guaranteed for female delegates .
toys that are made out of fiber , such as cotton , especially organic cotton , wool or hemp , or toys made out of bamboo can be really nice choices .
with the current economic situation , i think toys and gadgets which are too complicated , either as a concept , or to operate , will not fly , says lawrence cheung , principal consultant of the hong kong productivity council .
obama says thanks on last day as illinois senator
the church of england has said that less than percent of its members are regular churchgoers .
second quarter revenue rose percent to . billion , apple said , beating the average analyst forecast of . billion , according to reuters estimates .
more than percent of people in greece belong to the greek orthodox church .
the legislation passed by parliament says that a referendum on the issue cannot take place before , and needs approval from a majority of voters .
speaking at a gathering of senior korean journalists , he said , there will be no october surprises coming from the u . s .
the relationship of our two countries would be raised to an entirely new level , putin said .
although there was an increased risk for women who consumed fewer than mg of caffeine a day , the lead investigator says the increase is not statistically significant .
meanwhile , prosecutors sought a year prison sentence wednesday during the trial of the head of lone star s seoul office , paul yoo , for alleged stock price manipulation and allegedly spreading false rumors of a capital reduction of keb , a prosecutor claimed .
nor will the ideas of medals and tougher donor cards do much good .
this is a meeting only of chief negotiators in order to save time , another source said .
the club can confirm that eduardo has now been released from hospital , where he had been since sustaining his injury against birmingham city , an arsenal statement said .
meanwhile , south korean officials and taliban leaders were expected to agree tuesday on a meeting place to negotiate the release of south korean hostages , an afghan politician said .
several stores also caught fire .
woods was last seen in public late monday afternoon walking with a pronounced limp across torrey pines toward the parking lot , the u . s . open trophy in his arms .
but ferreira said there were no immediate indications that it was related to the brazilian air traffic chaos and woes including the july crash of a tam linhas aereas sa jetliner , which slammed into a building in sao paulo , killing people .
i m disappointed sea shepherd took an action that risked lives , hogarth said in a press release .
on the other end of the spectrum , if it s a relatively small problem a minor burn , for example , or a cut that requires a few stitches it may not be worth a long trip to a pediatric hospital , says dr . joseph luria , medical director of the emergency department at cincinnati children s hospital medical center .
just weeks ago , the european union embraced a low carbon economy , saying it would lead the way in the fight against climate change by shifting away from imported oil and natural gas .
on friday , a south korean civic group announced plans to launch a boycott campaign at some cinemas nationwide where the film is shown .
the top executives at microsoft and yahoo have not held any recent discussions to break an impasse that threatens to turn microsoft s month old takeover bid into a slugfest .
the collection includes the only example of engravings of images found to date at the site
the man , who waved samurai swords in the grounds of a scientology building in hollywood and was shot dead by a security guard , was not a stranger to the church .
the asian firms are at an advantage for several reasons .
new york cnn harry potter is headed to the great white way .
daylight time starts this weekend .
i brought my daughter out here because she did not know about lee han yeol , said seo .
both ministers are expected candidates in the may elections , with the governing uri party supporting lee as the candidate for taegu mayor and oh as the candidate for pusan mayor .
israel is in all out war with hamas , the nation s defense minister said monday , as israeli jets continued to hammer targets in gaza and the palestinian death toll reportedly topped .
track cyclist chris hoy has won british sport s top award after being named bbc sports personality of the year in liverpool on sunday .
but it will still be seen as another unfriendly move in washington , felgenhauer predicted .
premier league leaders chelsea suffered a humiliating defeat to as roma who revived their champions league qualifying hopes with the emphatic victory in the stadio olimpico on tuesday night .
the judge scolded simpson , saying he wasn t taking the matter seriously .
it s too exciting to be cold , said shankini dovaisingam , a malaysian aerospace engineer observing the final preparations . it s amazing to see the malaysian flag on a soyuz spaceship .
at around p . m . , some policemen were deployed to block doors to the press room at the main building of the national police agency in central seoul .
the charges include illegal detention , forced labor and murder .
one that had minimal computer experience and another that was web savvy .
there is no secret to hot sex , says klein . sexy lingerie and dinners out are no substitute for an honest conversation about sex .
if solidarity doesn t win out over selfishness , and if people just continue to mm look after their own interests , the world is headed , as he put it , to um , flowing apart .
the economy is far more dynamic , and workers are well organized , politically active and the beneficiaries of wage increases that routinely outpace productivity .
but it has yet to document its past and present nuclear secrets , another condition of the deal .
four yemeni military personnel are still missing , he said , adding that they were on jazirt atta ir island when the volcano erupted .
but in the th minute steve davis failed to head a ryan giggs corner kick clear and nemanja vidic nodded the ball back into the area where ronaldo volleyed it high into the net .
today , only one antibiotic is effective against the kind of staph celeste has
putin co authored a judo manual several years ago .
that s what the guy says .
it is one of seven camps in southeastern nepal where , refugees from neighboring bhutan are housed .
she s along the lines of dubya george w . bush a bit . that same kind of folksy , common man approach , he said .
i have no choice but to like it , bell , , said in an interview with the associated press .
was now shifting to the north , which buckled vertically . the fbi images will be a great aid , he said .
endeavour , fresh from a complete overhaul and the last of nasa s three remaining shuttles to return to flight following the columbia disaster , is due to carry out a construction mission to the billion space station .
the inquiry , ordered after a video emerged of a naked woman doing squats in a malaysian police station , said the practice infringed human rights .
we have made at least attempts to convince the burmese government to allow our ships , helicopters and landing craft to provide additional disaster relief for the people of burma , but they have refused us each and every time , keating said in a statement issued wednesday .
the video , shown by police commissioner ray kelly , shows the person approach the station on the bicycle , get off and walk up a metal ramp to the door .
nine bodies have been recovered from the wreckage of a downed helicopter that crashed in the freezing atlantic off the coast of newfoundland .
jacques rogge , international olympic committee president
cho s poetry was so intimidating and his behavior so menacing that giovanni had him removed from her class in the fall of , she said .
chung , who is , was arrested last april after prosecutors claimed he was involved in a series of financial irregularities since , including raising . billion won in slush funds through six group affiliates and using the money to unlawfully transfer corporate wealth to his family .
many blame america s soaring trade deficits and the loss of one in six manufacturing jobs since in part on claims of chinese currency manipulation and copyright piracy .
the race should heat up further when the x prize foundation the group that kick started the space tourism industry with its million competition to produce a reusable private spacecraft announces in the next few months a competition for the first car to break mpg and sell a yet to be decided number of units .
north korea s chief negotiator kim kye gwan made no comment as he arrived at beijing s airport .
xinhua issued several reports sunday saying life was returning to normal in areas where protests took place in the wake of the lhasa riots .
overall , the more alcohol consumed , the smaller the brain volume , with abstainers having a higher brain volume than former drinkers , light drinkers one to seven drinks per week , moderate drinkers eight to drinks per week , and heavy drinkers or more drinks per week .
many uigurs have campaigned for the mainly muslim province to become an independent republic .
hey , it s time to get moving .
madrid , spain and rio de janeiro , brazil , will be eligible to host the summer olympics .
for a generation that grew up on the princess bride , it s got to feel like a long overdue happy ending .
meanwhile , gunmen in gaza city opened fire on palestinian demonstrators who were demanding an end to the bloodshed , killing one and sending dozens scrambling for cover , gaza hospital officials said .
i ve had some disappointing losses here , but i actually felt like i played ok today , roddick said .
afghan president hamid karzai said monday that the taliban still endanger innocent people , but they pose no significant threat either to his government or to its institutions .
airplane crash lands into hudson river
police enforced an unofficial curfew for the area which has been sealed off as fighting continues .
south korea has about military medics and engineers in southern iraq .
today thousands of pilgrims flock to mount bromo on east java each year to offer the spirits food , live animals and money and ask for prosperity and health .
while that s been a frustration , the florida state university history professor said it s also what gives happiness its power and allure .
one of the problems with joblessness in the inner city today is that the unemployed classes in the inner city have basically lost their historic mobility .
mara is a different form of the name martha .
webb intervened to restore order and yesterday adebayor apologised for the bust up with bendtner .
women and children were among the casualties , the official said . most of those killed or wounded were pilgrims .
another well funded federal program for cities is the national service act of .
a government funded north korea research institute voiced human rights in the north .
roh s national security aide and former envoy to nuclear talks song min soon was named as the new foreign minister .
it said most civilians fled after the september attack on the base but a few returned to search for food and water .
two children are among the people killed by a bicycle bomb in a crowded market in afghanistan .
treasury chief alistair darling said the delivery was not being tracked and was missing for three weeks before any alarm was raised .
i ve assured the prime minister that we re working very carefully and closely with people in the kurdish part of iraq to help deal with the movement of these people , to help locate and find and stop
the world s worst airports , however , are harder to pin down .
hundreds of people spent the night at chicago s midway airport , where all flights were canceled last night .
but the governor of cash strapped new york state , wants to tax itunes songs and other downloaded digital content .
p . m . et at parchman prison , minutes after the injections began , said kent crocker , a communications officer for the state department of corrections .
senator obama and i are long time friends and allies .
in this period , in the central area of hungary . . . this heat contributed to the premature death of more people which extrapolated to a national level means about deaths , said the national institute of environmental health .
serbs also staged anti independence rallies on sunday in geneva , switzerland , vienna , austria , and other european capitals .
the us raid followed repeated enquiries by the parents of a missing teenager .
he said it is among images comprising goldin s thanksgiving installation .
seoul , south korea cnn hard charging former businessman lee myung bak took the oath of office as south korea s new president monday , vowing to revitalize the economy , strengthen relations with the u . s . and deal with nuclear armed north korea .
al baghdadia issued a statement sunday demanding al zaidi s release .
her father has lived in nigeria for years and works in the energy industry .
white house press secretary robert gibbs says geithner talked to aig s top manager last week and objected to the outrageous bonuses
take the long view
st . george , utah cnn a young woman who said she was forced to enter an arranged marriage at age testified monday that she never complained to her mother or sisters that she was being raped .
emergency aid has begun to arrive on the indonesian island of java for the victims of saturday s earthquake .
protesters clashed with police on monday before this week s group of eight summit as anti globalization activists challenged attempts by german security officials to keep them away from the summit town of heiligendamm .
myanmar s repressive military junta has said people were killed and nearly , arrested in last month s demonstrations , with later released .
the fighting strength of the u . s .
he also denied that bin laden and others are hiding in pakistan .
the diplomat said elbaradei pressed his case for the need for iran to suspend uranium enrichment , a key u . n . security council demand .
jobless claims now at their highest levels in years
the russell charts small cap index jumped . percent .
the age signs on face was there .
turns out the woman who gave birth to octuplets this week has six other kids .
the republican national committee spent about a , on clothing , hair , makeup and other campaign accessories for palin last month .
british authorities said they believe those two men are the same ones who parked two car bombs in central london on friday .
responded berger the guatemalan people would have preferred a more clear and positive response no more deportations .
an ninth bomb was defused , according to h . g . raghavendra , a jaipur city official . he described all the bombs as medium intensity .
he would be the first to be brought to the us to face trial in a civilian court .
the second lowest month for american deaths was in february , when were killed .
johannesburg , south africa cnn a national electrical emergency has been declared in south africa where power cuts are affecting millions of people and casting doubt over plans to host the football world cup in .
down in the polls , sen . john mccain on monday called on pennsylvania to help him score an upset over sen . barack obama .
still , cautious u . s . and iraqi military officials aren t ready to proclaim a decisive moment in the war , saying such an outlook would require the iraqi government to do a better job of promoting political reconciliation and compromise .
the ordinance led to an immediate decrease in secondhand smoke exposure .
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld called him on monday to express gratitude for president roh moo hyun s recent visit to south korean troops deployed in irbil , iraq .
research conducted at the university of kentucky in lexington found that when fayette county high schools delayed their start time by an hour , the percentage of students getting at least eight hours of sleep per night jumped from . to percent .
grocers are advised to remove from their stock any cantaloupes from this company . people should check with stores to see whether recently purchased cantaloupes came from honduras .
in elmore county , an anonymous donor gave county schools , bottles of water friday for children to drink on school buses that have no air conditioning . the kids were so thrilled .
a robotic dirt and ice digger blasted off saturday on a million mile journey to mars that nasa hopes will culminate next spring in the first landing within the red planet s arctic circle .
it s unfortunate that armed police were involved , ng said .
the . magnitude quake injured , people , with another , missing , authorities said .
the laws will apply in dozens of areas of downtown sydney including the city s landmark opera house , train stations and city parks that are designated venues for world youth day , a catholic evangelical festival at which pope benedict xvi will conduct mass and lead prayer meetings when he visits .
putin sought to assuage such fears , saying that we very responsibly take our role in the global energy sector .
a fresh earthquake hit the island on wednesday , but no injuries or major damage have been reported so far .
the england manager telephoned the year old midfielder on wednesday and broke the news to beckham who is just one appearance short of becoming the fifth man to earn england caps but assured him he could be part of his future plans .
gaetano errico , a neapolitan priest who founded a missionary order in the th century sister maria bernarda , born verena buetler in switzerland in , who worked as a nun in ecuador and colombia
the bridge collapsed because there were hundreds of people on it , said nepalese police officer nibandha budha . they had gone to the river for a three day hindu religious festival on the occasion of full moon .
he will certainly benefit from the same rights as a prisoner of war , but we will not give him the status of prisoner of war because , obviously , he is not a war prisoner .
latvia s president and an afghan candidate entered the contest recently .
but vershbow , who is a russian specialist and former nato envoy , told journalists on wednesday that the sanctions were a matter of law enforcement . this is a criminal regime , he said .
soon afterward , he is expected to report to the country s supreme court to faces charges of corruption and abuse of power .
parole is not a prize winners get warm blankets , chocolates , and tea but the prison chief considers the pageant an important step toward rehabilitation .
the other , a collection of posed come hither shots by photographer annie leibovitz , were taken under the consenting eyes of parents , handlers and editors at vanity fair magazine .
the new iphone will go on sale july .
you might have thought that recycling is limited to paper , plastics and glass .
i really , firmly believe the iraqi government , under the leadership of prime minister nuri al maliki , let our troops down .
the measure passed the house in two votes
philip , who also has the title of duke of edinburgh , will return to windsor castle to continue his recuperation , the palace said . his engagements for monday have been canceled .
i am delighted to be here to participate in this conference .
adam hammond , a biologist with the georgia department of natural resources , told cnn that alligators are almost never seen in atlanta .
a crowd of several hundred people , many of them young women waiting to audition for america s next top model , stampeded outside a manhattan hotel yesterday
the brothers declined to give their family name to protect relatives still in iran .
in , prime minister alain juppe backed down after three weeks of strikes in response to his efforts .
he said , you know , we ve got billions and billions of dollars of high tech equipment floating in the mediterranean , off the coast of lebanon .
the won traded at , to the dollar on average for the first two months of the year , down won from the same period last year .
he was on the radio in chicago this morning , saying this is a time for governance and reform .
sharif said at a news conference in lahore , pakistan , that a parliamentary resolution would be introduced to restore the judges .
a teenage survivor said a fishing boat rescued her as she swam toward shore .
the president said that since the launch of the us troop surge months ago , there had been significant military , political and economic progress in iraq , and that today we have the initiative .
while baghdad was quiet for the rest of the night , air raid sirens were heard before dawn in the key northern city of mosul and , soon after , several large explosions were heard .
the finance ministry unveiled its plans yesterday .
the korea meteorological administration has issued heat cautions on most of the nation s southern part including major cities like daegu and busan .
williams woke up several hours earlier than her crew mates because of the marathon .
i really want to go , i really do .
the state department had recommended stephens as the sole candidate for the post , and the white house accepted it at the end of last year , according to the sources .
pml n is currently in talks with slain opposition leader benazir bhutto s pakistan people s party ppp to form a coalition government .
the accident happened off the coast of marathon , about an hour s drive south of miami .
but some youngsters complain that they have to interrupt careers and schooling .
the new offer signals that investors losses might not be as sizable as feared .
the government has opened three new press centers located in seoul , gwacheon and daejeon , but most journalists are refusing to use them , saying the press reform measures significantly limit their access to information and undermine the people s right to know .
technology converts the know why of science into know how for industry .
chung , who is , was arrested last april on charges of embezzling billion won in company funds and causing billion won in damage to the company through breach of trust .
babies breathe unevenly because their respiratory systems can t regulate themselves yet , says charles shubin , m . d . , director of the children s health center at mercy familycare in baltimore , maryland .
some of the choices that we make are going to be difficult . one of obama s top items
the child was found safe over the weekend .
we re slowly moving back into a normal mode of operations , station commander fyodor yurchikhin radioed mission control in moscow .
natrajan , who is also a scientific adviser to india s defense department , also said that the drdo may carry out a second test of its interceptor missile before testing agni iii .
lali s condition is often linked to serious health complications , but the doctor said she was doing well .
smith said the new measures will shift the focus onto sex buyers because they create demand for prostitution and demand for the trafficking of women for sex .
courtenay mentioned one of the best predictors of whether a man will become depressed is if his spouse is depressed .
a new report says consumer confidence soared in april , amid signs the economy is starting to stabilize .
asked at a campaign event if he d consider gore for his cabinet , obama immediately said he would .
the sleepless nights , the woozy days and the foggy minds of jet lag are the bane of any business traveler s life .
the body of a fourth person
the blast occurred on a road running through a bazaar near the offices of the army s engineering department , police official abdul waheed told the associated press .
while rain would relieve exhausted firefighting units , officials also fear that downpours could cause flooding in fire stricken areas .
the man tipped to be russia s next president said tuesday he wanted incumbent president vladimir putin to become the country s next prime minister .
the us judge deciding the fate of children removed from a breakaway mormon sect has struggled to control a first chaotic day of custody hearings .
need to pay down credit card debt ?
she leaves her husband of years , asif ali zardari , two daughters and a son .
paralysed , incontinent and unable to speak , she died earlier this week after suffering breathing difficulties and slipping into a coma .
the money they collect is used in their terrorist activities , buying materials to build bombs .
archaeologists are still waiting for carbon dating tests , but camacho said their calculations about the facilities age are supported by historical references such as ceramics and construction style .
they re expected to reach the international space station on friday .
i put venezuela on alert , and we will support ecuador in any circumstance , chavez said sunday on his weekly talk show alo presidente , or hello , president .
the hour vehicle ban is slated to begin at a . m . p . m . sunday et , baghdad security operations spokesman gen . qassim atta said on iraqi state television .
white house spokesman tony snow said on saturday the list of what the united states might do includes a declaration of the end of the korean war and moving forward on economic cooperation , cultural , educational and other ties .
when the court session began , the judge and lawyers spent about minutes trying to determine which language to use in proceedings .
unfortunately , the hospital has not taken the steps it must take before any such transition can begin .
it condemns , further , the acceptance and concealing of the practice , on several occasions , by the secret services and governmental authorities of certain european countries .
air strikes targeted a base thought to be used by the abu sayyaf group .
al qawasmi s resignation is a significant blow to the palestinian unity government , formed earlier this year in an effort to end the deadly factional fighting concentrated in gaza .
where there is suffering , there is duty .
standing beside reid , house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , said the president wants a blank check . the congress is not going to give it to him .
the north is demanding that the united states show an attitude of lifting the financial sanctions and not expanding them so as to create an atmosphere for entering into discussions on denuclearization commitments in a accord , said the report posted on the paper s web site seen in seoul .
some reports said the left engine of the plane caught fire , but the airline said the cause was not yet known .
the year old , who has won spanish caps , made appearances with the nine times european champions , mostly as a substitute , and scored six league goals .
tribune media services the question isn t whether to go swimming , but which pool to choose . tribune media services
his party has said he is willing to enter into a runoff with mdc leader and presidential candidate morgan tsvangirai if the electoral commission calls for one .
no cause of death was immediately available . campbell s body was being flown thursday to the national police headquarters in manila where forensics experts were set to examine it .
and it s not just men .
we don t know the motives but whatever they are it s an unforgivable act . the gun is a last resort , even for members of the security forces unless someone has pointed a pistol at you , you cannot shoot .
i was frightened and i was worried there was going to be an accident , kidman said .
earlier , heavy rains forced schools to shut and grounded flights , and flooding brought central shanghai to a standstill .
former floor leader hong sa duk obtained only . percent of the vote .
the letter was also supported by the greens party and independents .
the widow of daniel pearl has sued more than a dozen reputed terrorists and pakistan s largest bank , blaming them for the torture and murder of the wall street journal reporter in .
lindsay lohan was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence saturday after her convertible struck a curb , and investigators found what they suspect is cocaine at the scene , police said .
ballmer s letter acknowledged yahoo s search for third party bids from other companies such as google goog , fortune , news corp . nws , fortune and time warner twx , fortune , but questioned why the company refused to negotiate with microsoft .
the china toy association would meet the commerce ministry and quality watchdog later in the day to discuss the recall , the official added .
on his arrival , han held talks with chinese premier wen jiabao and they agreed to make concerted efforts to urge north korea to fulfill its promise to denuclearize .
president hu jintao ordered an all out effort to help those affected , and premier wen jiabao traveled to the region to direct the rescue work , xinhua reported .
bear stearns was on the brink of financial collapse friday when jpmorgan and the federal reserve bank of new york said they would provide the brokerage a short term loan .
the foot will be examined by a forensic pathologist , and dna testing will be requested , said the statement posted on the royal canadian mounted police web site .
and liftoff of space shuttle atlantis to assemble the framework for the science laboratories of tomorrow , said nasa spokesman george diller as the orbiter raced to space .
i see ap s warren levinson joining us live from wall street .
only when the u . n . intervened on sseruma s behalf was she granted an earlier interview date .
we were starving for two days , said sri hatyati , who was rescued from her house by soldiers on a dinghy sunday on the city s western outskirts .
in response to this threat , microsoft s upcoming office xp and windows xp products will require an online product activation sequence that uses a combination of a software serial code and a number created by scanning the hardware of a person s computer .
the second half was different , liverpool attacked more . . . we still had chances on the counter attack .
michigan governor debbie stabenow tells fox news sunday , that the white house needs to protect gm , chrysler and ford , just as other countries protect their carmakers .
beijing , china cnn china raised gasoline and diesel prices by almost percent thursday amid fuel shortages that oil companies blame on a lack of refining capacity due to price controls .
i just came out there hitting and fighting for every point . in the end it worked out for me .
and it will be the third largest island in the world to be made rat free .
the remaining six parties on the ballot failed to meet the percent threshold for representation in the duma .
sharia is the system of islamic law .
correspondents say the blue collar vote will be crucial in the ohio and texas contests , and the new york senator has already begun targeting lower income workers in her campaign ads .
the soldiers withdrew a day later after violent protests left injured , but the students demands escalated and the protests continued .
a spokesman for the ministry of civil defense and emergency management confirmed to the associated press that three buildings in gisborne had collapsed .
detroit , michigan cnn the romantics have filed a federal lawsuit against activision inc . , the maker of guitar hero , saying the popular video game infringes on the band s rights by featuring a soundalike recording of its hit what i like about you .
finding this little one alive is a comfort that i will take with me for the rest of my life , he said .
joint chiefs chairman mike mullen telling pbs charlie rose the review s almost done .
new york was second city to chicago in cleanliness .
tension had been rising over the past few days with the prospect of violent confrontation at the march .
state gaming board refused the request but did not declare the claim a nuisance , opening the way for other possibly much larger claims by winning gamblers .
fernando torres scored the only goal of the game , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip .
viewed from the side and back , it s magenta .
a group of governing and opposition party lawmakers on thursday called on israel to stop its attacks on lebanon .
london , england cnn nurses who didn t wash their hands and left patients lying in soiled beds were cited in an official report blaming mismanagement for the deaths of people who contracted a bacterial infection in hospitals in southern england .
the year old basic instinct star provoked outrage in china after suggesting that the recent earthquake in central sichuan province may have been the result of bad karma because of beijing s rule in tibet .
it s a lot better for all of us , he said of the hybrid plan .
while the magellanic penguin population is not in jeopardy because of this one event , ruoppolo said there are other threats , primarily from overfishing . flight of the penguins
the ponte nova prison had capacity for inmates , but inmates were being kept there , globo said .
the vote sets up a confrontation with president bush , who has vowed to veto the bill , if it passes the senate .
rights groups had urged eu lawmakers not to dilute the report in wednesday s vote on amendments aimed at toning down either the whole accusation of collusion with alleged cia abuses , or criticism on individual states .
the weather is a great excuse for . . . anything .
and in samarra , just north of baghdad , two died in a suicide car bombing .
these pro palestinian protesters in new york say it s israel that s to blame
sony has sold million playstation s since they went on sale in november last year .
another people are missing , and the chinese military have been called in to help with rescue work .
the military says afghan and coalition forces have captured a key militant leader responsible for kidnapping aid workers and other attacks in afghanistan .
the arrests were made in a joint operation with german authorities .
their epicenters were all at least six miles under the earth s surface .
the posting thanked allah for the help and accurate targeting and said further details about the attack would be released later .
railway officials canceled train routes , stranding thousands , said northern railway spokesman rajesh khare .
chinese officials , however , have played down talk of such competition , saying beijing wanted to use its program to work with other countries and hoped to join in building the international space station .
both men have been charged with illegal possession of a sawed off shotgun , conspiracy to rob a federally licensed gun dealer and making threats against a presidential candidate .
they especially criticized the holding of female hostages , as most of the christian aid workers being held under threat of death are women .
the majority of the victims of your bombardments were women and children .
the funding is in addition to the million canada already has pledged for reconstruction .
there were no photographers chasing the obama girls as they headed out for their first day of school in the washington area this morning .
judges spent several hours interviewing duch on tuesday before formally filing charges against him .
few insurers , for example , factor in climate change related risks into their insurance premiums , the report said .
celebrity sisters ashlee and jessica simpson are on the list at no . and no . , respectively . ashley olsen , half of the mogul acting twins , placed th , while sister mary kate didn t make the cut .
this week while you re traveling , if you happen to spot a man applying hand sanitizer as he gets off an escalator , there s a good chance it s dr . mark gendreau , a senior staff physician at the lahey clinic in burlington , massachusetts .
with the red cross confirming dozens of civilian deaths in us led air strikes this week , the coalition once again finds itself trying to make sure it has not alienated the population
i know what he can give to a team . as for the future , we will have to see .
the project was aimed at developing nanotube processing technology .
they were held at a military base in southern israel before being driven back to egypt on sunday , the newspaper reported .
years of research led the mitchells to an ancient musical system called cymatics , or chladni patterns , which are formed by sound waves at specific pitches .
milan , now on points , are trailing leaders and city rivals inter milan by points .
country , yet the government won t acknowledge
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
it s not unusual for gangs to shoot at police helicopters in rio de janeiro , one of the most violent cities in the world , with a homicide rate of about per , people .
federal authorities detained over employees of a leather goods maker most from guatemala and el salvador for possible deportation as illegal aliens . the raid left dozens of young children stranded at schools and with baby sitters .
one prosecutor said yesterday they had reason to believe that kim sun jong , a member of hwang s team , had switched stem cells in the seoul national university laboratory with cells from a fertility clinic , although kim has denied the charges .
arcelormittal has said it will give details on how it plans to move on with the final stages of the deal before the end of september
we believe the germans ambushed the romans here , but the legions quickly fired back with catapults and archers
richard fisher , president of the fed s dallas regional bank , dissented , preferring no change in rates .
abu hamza al masri has been arrested in london .
virgin group pledged to invest all its profits from its transportation companies towards developing clean energy and with this breakthrough we are well down the path to achieving our goals .
this is stunningly dangerous . watch why gingrich is deeply worried raquo
they don t have to be very big and strong .
the pilgrims were returning to baghdad after celebrating the holy day of arbayeen , which fell on saturday .
we re flexible , we re reasonable , but it s time to get moving , assistant secretary of state chris hill told reporters in beijing before heading to see china s great wall .
bhutto was trying to leave her compound to attend a rally in nearby rawalpindi a city outside islamabad where pakistan s military is based against the state of emergency .
suharto was vilified as one of the world s most brutal rulers and was accused of overseeing a reign of corruption and , later , economic decline .
the mp jukebox , available in march for select fords , is an add on accessory to cars existing sound systems .
one witness told cnn monks were at the front of a march in the capital , yangon , as soldiers waded into it thursday , while other reports indicated attempts to keep monks off the streets on thursday .
cnn cycling legend lance armstrong a survivor of testicular cancer and girlfriend anna hansen are expecting a baby , cnn learned tuesday through his charitable organization .
that completed her hat trick after hitting the target in the th and th minutes
national security adviser stephen hadley said the president broached the subject only briefly during the call .
south korean government officials in afghanistan have focused their efforts on trying to change the demands of the taliban to something within its capabilities .
the quake shook inland towns , as well as cities near the coast and the mountains .
thousands of homes and business still had no electricity in parts of oklahoma , kansas and missouri .
according to a newly released poll from the associated press and ipsos , clinton would beat mccain by a wide point margin , percent to percent .
there is the possibility that self confidence , arrogance , will lead to a situation similar to that with the war in iraq , gorbachev warned in a wide ranging discussion of american policy . the u . s . is driving itself into a corner they ve lost credibility in the world .
after thinking that the sandbagging effort could taper off , they are now calling for more volunteers , bringing in more sand , and trying to make more sandbags to take the levee , or the dike system , up to feet .
last week after the fifth visit by japan s prime minister , junichiro koizumi , to a controversial war memorial in japan , seoul reacted with outrage .
china , north korea s traditional ally , has sent officials to pyongyang to try to resolve the crisis , which follows the firing of seven ballistic missiles .
arsene wenger s men , comfortably ahead from the first leg in prague two weeks ago , virtually sealed their place in thursday s draw in monaco for the last after just seven minutes .
the united nations human rights office on tuesday accused forces allied with sudan s government of mass abduction and rape of women and girls in darfur , acts it said could constitute war crimes .
at least three people were injured , hospital officials said .
if iran s nuclear dossier is referred to the un security council , large scale uranium enrichment will be resumed .
the conviction was later overturned but she remained in exile until this year .
a toyota land cruiser loaded with explosives crashed through the security gate of the prime minister s mogadishu home and exploded , killing six guards and damaging the house that also serves as the prime minister s office , spokesman abdullahi odka said .
aerial footage showed the middle of the bridge caved in , lying in the mississippi river , with cars both on top and submerged in the water .
in the past two months , chavez has brokered farc s release of six of them .
but the talks between north korea and the u . s . , china , russia , south korea and japan are at an impasse over how the north should make good on its pledge to declare its nuclear and proliferation activities .
it would be one of the greatest stories of winning against the odds , but , with the firm weight of a japanese crowd cheering them on , gamba osaka have a real chance of making football history .
comments by state department spokesman sean mccormack follow media reports in south korea that pyongyang may have begun dismantling the yongbyon reactor .
abe s comment also followed a u . s .
during the trial the jury was told by prosecutor nigel sweeney that the conspiracy had been in existence long before the events of july and did not appear to be some hastily arranged copycat .
but we have a long way to go to figure out the implications of it .
meanwhile , russia evacuated workers from iraq on the first day of a withdrawal called after the abductions of eight russian and ukrainian workers .
she had been tipped off by the obama campaign that he d say something .
prosecutors are investigating domestic file sharing portal sites for alleged copyright violation practices , including unauthorized content reproduction and distribution .
the undp s committee in charge of managing its presidential primary confirmed yesterday that roh had been signed up via the internet as a member of its electoral college in seoul in late august .
with the economy yet to bear the full brunt of the failing dollar , korea s exports hit an all time monthly high for the second straight month in november , the ministry of commerce , industry and energy told the korea herald yesterday .
the taliban knew that karzai was coming to andar district .
disney said its new animated princess maddy will be added to its collection of animated princesses used at the company s theme parks and on consumer products . the film is set for release in .
we don t know about tiny fey as sarah palin but fred armisen and darrell hammond say they ll still be doing their political impressions after tomorrow on saturday night live .
we didn t find a reason to change our conclusions that the ingredients are safe for the general population , zawisza said . also note that the european food safety agency has a similar view as fda s .
n . k . refuses food aid because of political reason .
the move , which was first triggered in june by a utah based health food company for consumer awareness , has stirred controversy that it may promote racism .
the white house defended the meeting in the president s residence and dismissed beijing s warning that the talks and the awarding of the congressional gold medal to him on wednesday would damage relations between the united states and china .
jobs , , and gates , , reminisced about the industry and old partnerships .
the governor also often weighed the option of appointing himself to the senate seat , saying he was stuck at governor and might have access to more resources as a senator than as a governor , the affidavit says .
we re getting very strong winds and also getting rain , so that could be problematic relative to even uh , adding more issues to us .
yasser arafat prepared to fly to france for treatment .
he said the taxes go directly to the central government , not to the provinces where the farmers live , and he accused the government of demanding practically half of farmers production in taxes .
also in germany , a train conductor was injured when a high speed train , the inter city express , struck a toppled tree , according to martin walden , spokesman for deutsche bahn rail service .
and a u . s . soldier was killed by a roadside bomb in eastern baghdad on thursday , the u . s . military reported .
government has great responsibilities for public safety and public health , for civil rights and common schools .
but mostly it s for moments like these
for the terrorists , iraq was supposed to be the place where al qaeda rallied arab masses to drive america out . instead , iraq has become the place where arabs joined with americans to drive al qaeda out .
facing the changes that accompany the disease can be devastating .
i am honored and humbled to stand here , where so many of america s leaders have come before me , and so many will follow .
resolving the north korean nuclear threat and reducing his country s decades old reliance on the u . s . military .
it came after the united states strengthened its crackdown on firms it suspected of aiding pyongyang in illicit activities such as counterfeiting .
she worries about what s going to happen as more americans encounter the internet .
the family is especially worried about asha s year old son , who was born in britain shortly after the couple moved there .
taxes on whiskey , brandy , cognac and other drinks that don t come from cane sugar have been raised . , bolivares per liter , the government run bolivarian news agency said .
and malcolm mcdowell as tv show villain dr . calico .
there have been food riots recently in a number of countries , including haiti , the philippines and egypt .
in this season of economic distress , however , the president elect may prefer to follow the lead of franklin roosevelt .
although cnn could not independently confirm its authenticity , it was produced by the as sahab production company that has taken credit for other al qaeda tapes .
jihadist videos obtained by cnn , and narrated and subtitled in german , call on german speaking muslims to join the holy war against what they call an american led coalition against islam that germany and austria are a part of .
the permanent exhibit focuses on the days leading up to the tragedy as well as the impact it had on the world .
the figure accounts for percent of all dealings carried out between and by companies controlled by conglomerates , the people s solidarity for participatory democracy said in its report . among the firms , were found with the irregularities .
bent has acknowledged having sex with his followers , but authorities will not divulge who the alleged victims are .
the formal signing of the contract is due in early december in libya .
the torch was going to be in zhejiang province , ningbo city and jiaxing city on may , then in shanghai on may .
a day after he was bombarded with criticism from u . s . soldiers based in kuwait , rumsfeld promised more would be done to protect forces .
a relatively modern city by european standards , madrid inherited its status as capital of spain s empire only when king philip ii fixed his court here in .
the billion skyscraper is in the heart of downtown dubai , a acre development area worth billion .
in a nationally televised speech given before an audience of , at kwanghwamun .
a lone children s room has four beds .
riot police fired tear gas at the rioters and lines of armored vehicles were on the streets before the embassy perimeter was secured .
a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of . struck japan s northern island of hokkaido early monday , swaying buildings , throwing objects off shelves and triggering a small tsunami wave that reached the shore .
i ve had a very good life , filled with love and family and faith , she said in . you can make life good , or you can make it bad .
because it is nearly undetectable , hgh has become a substance of great concern in major league baseball and other sports battling allegations of rampant doping .
dogs are considered unclean by conservative muslims , and any depiction of the prophet is strictly forbidden .
to the outside world , apple is steve jobs , steve jobs is apple .
the fishermen were catching patagonian toothfish , sold under the name chilean sea bass , south of new zealand and the squid was eating a hooked toothfish when it was hauled from the deep , anderton said .
fears of infection arriving via pet birds rose after a parrot died of the h n strain potentially deadly to humans while in quarantine in the uk .
brazilian swim star rebeca gusmao was suspended monday by fina after testing positive for testosterone .
there is much more product available this time because of the timing of the movie and book releases , diane mangan , director of children s merchandise for borders , told the associated press .
hana tour , one of the nation s largest tourist companies , has placed chusok packages on the front of its web site . around , people have booked overseas holidays through the agency .
they have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children for as little as a day .
the evening standard newspaper featured a new photo of the child , said to be the daughter of a local olive farmer , under the headline it s not her .
let us be the generation that seizes the opportunity of today to invest in the australia of tomorrow . that s the mission statement we have as the next government of this country .
more than years after the end of the korean war , the united states and north korea opened historic talks on steps to establish diplomatic relations following pyongyang s agreement to dismantle its nuclear program .
gazprom last month threatened to cut supplies to ukraine over a us . billion euro million debt dispute , timed to coincide with yushchenko s visit to moscow .
kim s remarks came after the uri party took steps toward forging an anti gnp alliance with high profile politicians , including former prime minister goh kun , and minor opposition parties ahead of the presidential race .
the western lowland gorilla has been decimated by the ebola virus , which has wiped out about a third of the gorillas found in protected areas over the last years .
yahoo reported net income of million , or cents per share , a decline of from a year ago .
reinforcements are needed to help the so called surge against the insurgency that continues to deal heavy blows to iraqi civilians and coalition forces .
vienna , austria kurt waldheim , whose legacy as u . n . secretary general was overshadowed by revelations that he belonged to a german army unit that committed atrocities in the balkans in world war ii , died thursday .
nepal s maoist rebels ambushed soldiers .
while this is consistent with sen . mccain s determination to run for george bush s third term , it won t help families who are suffering , and it won t help lift our economy out of recession , obama said .
hezbollah blamed israel for the killing , but israeli officials denied involvement .
former u . s . vice president al gore , fresh from accepting the nobel peace prize for his work on climate change awareness , sided with the europeans .
he and all singers made it through
this conventional wisdom seems to be no longer working in such a simple and one way direction .
the year old daughter of tom cruise and katie holmes tops forbes . com s second annual list of hollywood s hottest tots .
argentina and chile will host the edition of the dakar rally , which was canceled this year because of fears of terrorism in africa .
they have not received absolutely anything until now , and they are requesting medical services , tents , food and special assistance for children .
japan is reportedly considering further sanctions against north korea , after pyongyang denounced a un resolution criticizing its recent missile tests .
he earlier said that some competitions might have to be moved if continuing efforts by organizers to clean up the city s notoriously smoggy air were unsuccessful .
australia s conservative prime minister john howard said sunday that victory for democratic sen . barack obama and his party in next year s presidential election would be a boon for terrorists .
the number of people living alone has surged as many young people delay marriages and more elderly people are living alone apart from their children .
clinton trails obama in delegates won , states won and the popular vote this primary season .
in , orlow began prescribing the drug for children as a pain free alternative to surgery .
houses nearby have been searched and roads to the area have been sealed off .
the car flew through the air for feet , he said , and struck an oak tree feet off the ground , splitting the vehicle in two .
unfortunately , the majority of the lower and upper houses of parliament are warlords and people with blood on their hands , said nafas gul , a woman senator for farah province who voted against the resolution . it s a betrayal of the rights of afghans .
even the slickest pr effort can fail miserably if internet users choose to ignore it .
the remark came after yonsei university professor moon chung in , head of the presidential committee on northeast asian cooperation initiative , said last friday that acts on korea s part , like anti american demonstrations , had prompted the u . s . to speed up the reduction plan .
the government accountability office gao says the pentagon cannot track about of the weapons distributed in iraq over the past three years .
if sedentary individuals are at least as likely as active individuals to use the internet , this means roughly million under active adults are online and might be reached via web based interventions , said marcus , a professor of psychiatry and human behavior at brown university medical school in providence , rhode island .
as babies , krill live under the sea ice and graze on microalgae . with a decline in sea ice , there is less habitat for young krill , mcclintock said .
forty eight survivors have been found washed ashore in various places around sibuyan island , where the ferry was toppled by typhoon fengshen early saturday morning , said gilberto teodoro , who oversees philippine disaster response and was in washington coordinating with the u . s . government .
president bush plans to stop in arizona on his way to the g summit in canada to get an aerial tour of the rodeo chediski fire that has forced the evacuation of about , residents along eastern arizona s mogollon rim .
bernanke said he believes major banks and wall street firms are likely to take additional earnings hits tied to bad investments in subprime mortgages .
to get to the restaurant , diners take a private elevator ascending to one set of tunes and descending to another .
if spending continues to increase at this pace , it would surpass . trillion won this year , the central bank said .
i came over especially for the inauguration .
the agency also reported officials as saying that two other monks had been beaten to death .
the husband weighed pounds
in the forest department vigorously recommenced reforestation in highly degraded areas , wadoo said .
the companies are expected to pay billion won or about million in fines .
the earthquake , a magnitude . according to the us geological survey , struck off taiwan s southern coast . two people were killed and at least injured in the temblor , which shook buildings across the island .
she tried to grab hold of a taxi that was going by and the couple of bystanders went over to ask what was happening , murchie said . he let go of her hair , pulled out a gun and shot them all .
global tourism feels the squeeze
ex by the time the siege ended , the citizens were nearly starving .
before heading back to town , be sure to order a hot chocolate at the restaurant adjacent to the parking area .
at least , customers in new england are still without electricity on sunday after an ice storm ravaged the region , officials say .
obama on wednesday morning has a larger lead in pledged delegates as well as the overall popular vote .
the goal , he said , is to change voting results electronically on election day .
if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , he said sunday on abc s this week .
every character is so good . when you come into shrek , you definitely feel you have a lot to prove .
climate change is happening faster than previously predicted according to a new world wildlife fund report .
however , when the vet called the owner s wife , she said the cat may have licked the plates of cocaine that had been served two days earlier at a dinner party .
that heavy robot arm , which wasn t necessary for columbia s day science mission , was left off so more experiments could be added , and the waste water vent could not be seen from the cabin by the seven astronauts .
they can t stand to be around their baby . . . they can t stand the smell or the sound of their child screaming .
there was nothing more they could do .
the years have been kind to citizen kane , including the last decade .
japanese internet users routinely tap yahoo , aol and other silicon valley inventions to help them circulate in cyberspace .
without a partner , he would face even steeper challenges raising elizabeth and a sibling alone .
blake broke johansson s serve in the th game of the first set and then served out the set to love with an ace on the final point .
later versions could work on the sprint nextel corp . and verizon wireless networks , according to rim co chief executive mike lazaridis .
ali hassan al majeed aka chemical ali , sultan hashem ahmed and hussein rashid were sentenced to death in june for their roles in the anfal campaign , an iraqi army operation in kurdish dominated northern iraq that killed tens of thousands of people .
the sun is setting , so i roll right on through to the sunset beach where a row of tiny huts line the strand and where each local enjoyed a first kiss .
her parents embarked on a high profile campaign to highlight their daughter s plight , traveling throughout europe and africa .
sarkozy , like german chancellor angela merkel , wants a quick agreement on a slimmed down treaty replacing the stalled eu constitution rejected by french voters in .
nearly , vehicles use the portion of the road every day .
president bush signed the bill into law friday afternoon .
ba said air traffic control had reduced the number of aircraft that could take off and land per hour on sunday
afghan police say a suicide bomber has killed six people and wounded more than twenty others in southern afghanistan .
the two mile long island is about miles kilometers off the coast of yemen .
but he said , most of the money in this account has already transferred out . there will probably not be another transfer .
researchers at australia s institute of medical and veterinary science exposed , mice to varying degrees of mobile phone radiation over a two year period but found no increase in the cancer rate as a result .
chronic stress can produce lots of wear and tear on the body , said james a . mccubbin , a clemson university professor of psychology and senior associate dean of the college of business and behavioral science . this is what we see in the changes in the appearance in the beginning and end of the presidency .
the two parties withdrew from the cabinet last year .
it is expected to begin presenting its case on monday .
istanbul , turkey cnn turkey s staunchly secular military said monday that the strict line between islam and the state was under attack by centers of evil a strong warning ahead of the expected election of a president with a background in political islam .
as happened in anbar province to the west , local sunni leaders from this town south of baghdad finally turned on the al qaeda extremists in their midst when the death and destruction became too much to bear .
the new york times , citing unnamed sources , reported monday that president bush has decided to send a tough message to musharraf , warning him that the democrat controlled congress may cut off money to pakistan unless it gets more aggressive in hunting down al qaeda and taliban operatives in its country .
press conference in london on tuesday . but , standing alongside visiting california gov . arnold schwarzenegger at his final news conference , blair said he was ready to help in whatever way he could .
near the din and glitter of cinemas , music stores and coffee shops , the kimchi field museum sits in the upscale coex mall , part of a complex that hosted asian and european leaders at a summit .
a task force lightning soldier died sunday in a noncombat incident that is under investigation .
tokyo , japan cnn a taiwanese jetliner burst into flames monday morning shortly after landing at the naha airport on the japanese island of okinawa , but passengers and crew got off the plane safely , authorities said .
kabul , afghanistan cnn four boy actors in the movie the kite runner have left afghanistan out of concern they could be ostracized or subjected to violence because of a rape scene in the movie , a film executive said .
the morning sun kisses the tip of vernazza s bell tower and greets a sleepy village .
the mile trip takes about two hours each way , and many riders say it s worth the cost to avoid the traffic hassles of the oft congested i .
nine single family homes and five commercial buildings had been damaged , he said of the blaze that consumed , acres .
the study suggests democrats successfully took over congress last year amid a growing frustration with the president s iraq war strategy .
in the meantime , experts say there are natural ways business travelers can combat the effects of jet lag . here are some to keep in mind before you travel .
there was no emergency exit in the shaft , which had not been maintained for ages , seshoka said , according to the press association .
right now , pitt s primary goal is to help rebuild new orleans .
trick or treaters should wear light colored costumes , carry flashlights , and stay out of the roadways .
the company hopes to complete the development in five years , wada says .
about a half hour later , a tornado damaged the school s roof , causing it to partially collapse on the students , the official said .
i will not resign , because it will not resolve anything , thaksin said .
ochoa left for mexico on tuesday night , saying in a statement that her uncle was ill .
he accused nina of having an affair and said his son was so incensed that he cut her out of his will , leaving his inheritance to his father .
obama mocked sen . hillary clinton for throwing back a shot of whiskey in front of tv crews over the weekend and said she must think she s doing me a favor by attacking him and toughening him up for a fall race against republican sen . john mccain .
most of the doomed satellite will burn up but a handful of metal chunks could survive , ranging from . kg to kg , nasa space flight engineers said .
he has said he will abandon his visit unless he gets full support from the junta .
chapter allows a company to continue to operate as it sheds debts and contracts it can not afford .
a pool and jogging path overlook the bay , as do bayview rooms .
she signed legal papers and spent a full week on the bus , filming seven full length tapes that included nudity and same sex encounters , according to the company .
clinton is favored in kentucky , while polls show obama with a comfortable lead in oregon .
china threatens retaliation over tainted import claims .
i was not aware of what was happening , he added .
the iowa democratic party said , people participated in the caucuses , while the republican party of iowa estimated that , people took part in the caucuses .
the wachowski brothers are the creative team behind the sci fi blockbuster matrix movie series .
our research can be regarded as a major vindication of the model .
roles of authority for women are widely frowned upon in conservative palestinian society , but several bystanders said they were impressed .
i do face a personal dilemma about bringing tourists here but if people can t see something , will they really want to protect it ?
and the best selling author s newest book , one fifth avenue , provides a few more including attorney annalisa rice , gossip columnist enid merle and gold digger lola fabrikant .
the body of soleman s eldest son was found , still clinging to his two dead children .
i think i spoke for millions when i said at cabinet today that tony blair s achievements are unique , unprecedented and enduring .
at this point , we know that john travolta and kelly preston s only son , jett , had a seizure at around a . m . this morning , attorney michael ossi said .
wen said a trial cooperative medical care system would cover percent of china , with the government more than doubling subsidies to it to . billion .
ix nation talks on north korea s nuclear program have ended without progress after its chief negotiator flew home amid a row over money .
the financial liberalization of the banking system in resulted in a surge of development .
but this is so cool , it doesn t bother me , he said .
the family did not know the cause of death , but relatives think it might have been a heart problem , he said .
the ship came into service in and has crossed the atlantic more than times , carrying more than . million passengers , according to the statement .
shooting begins this month , and the movie is due out may , .
but the new find shows that the holy land was home to a highly developed beekeeping industry nearly , years ago .
it is difficult for us to control smoking in restaurants . it s just part of the culture , he said .
the fine is the largest ever for a single company and the first time the eu has penalized a business for failing to obey an antitrust order .
the u . s . state department has designated the group as a terrorist organization , which has claimed responsibility for several attacks against indian troops and civilians over the years .
i have authorised our military commanders in iraq to confront tehran s murderous activities , he threatened .
the author of the fraud started taking his non authorized , directional positions in and for small amounts , but in an important manner beginning in march of , the report said , adding that the bank did not become aware of events until late last month .
there are more concerns on the high pricing we have seen , that it will have a negative impact on demand , and the fact that the cftc is expanding its investigation of manipulation in the oil markets , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore .
i had her when i was , so she is my heart .
five former khmer rouge leaders have been detained and will face the eccc , most of them on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
dutt s lawyers said the actor could be released from jail in the city of pune on tuesday .
ben bernanke talking about aig to the house financial services committee this morning .
speaking at a faa nasa industry airport planning workshop in , evans suggested that pilots of the future could fly without hands and from the comfort of their own home using brain machine interfaces , in which the human brain actually exchanges electronic signals with a computer .
the lawyer planned and directed most parts of the kidnapping scheme , said ka se ro , the police chief , at yesterday s press briefing .
but the carlos iii health institute , which is part of the national monitoring network , on its web site confirmed the deaths .
the broader topix index , which includes all shares on the exchange s first section , shed . points , or . percent , to , . points .
in other court filings obtained by the syndicated entertainment tv show extra , houston disputes that she is keeping brown and their daughter apart and says she would like him to be involved in bobbi kristina s life .
officer justin garner stopped the gunman by wounding him in the chest . garner was also hurt .
the south korean government has repeatedly said it is opposed to direct military intervention .
iraqi officials have sought to calm fears that the new constitution will be delayed by the killing of three sunni muslims helping to draft the document .
the men were extracted via a caged bucket that was lowered from a crane through a ventilation shaft into the mine , she said .
the total net worth of the group is . trillion , up billion from .
the remote controlled mine erupted as he was walking to a news conference in siyad village in northern kismayu , said the national union of somali journalists nusoj .
turkmenistan is the second biggest gas producer in the former soviet union after russia , and its gas resources are playing an increasingly important role in the geopolitics of the region .
u . s . response to that demand was not immediately available .
it is important to understand the genetic makeup of an organism before it went extinct , explained lead researcher stephan c . schuster of penn state university .
batasuna is widely considered to be eta s political wing , which it denies .
although beaten into third place by mcewen in the first stage in england on sunday , boonen claimed the green jersey as the best sprinter .
the united states and japan are currently jointly developing a global missile defense system for all types of medium and long range missiles , including north korea s intercontinental taepodong missiles which are thought to be capable of reaching the u . s . mainland .
i am always angry when we don t get the maximum points , but in this case we did everything we possibly could , said milan coach carlo ancelotti .
then there s steven spielberg who s not quite a newcomer , since he s been at cannes before .
thousands of the terra cotta warriors were discovered more than years ago by peasants from a local commune who were sinking wells .
the countess will continue with engagements as normal and take doctors advice , a spokeswoman said monday on condition of anonymity , in line with palace policy .
beautiful products , perfect technique , perfect harmony , a few precise , reduced sauces , everything in harmony with french wines , he said .
michigan and wisconsin are among states urging parents to check the state s public sex offender registry before venturing out in search of treats .
brown said , as he stepped off the train at st . pancras , that he felt elated that a new record had been set .
they throw the key into the river over their shoulders to avoid seeing where it falls .
police and protesters tangle in washington
hours after declaring a state of emergency on nov . , musharraf dismissed nearly all of supreme court judges , along with suspending the constitution , imposing severe media restrictions , and clamping down on opposition protests that followed .
that s about a quarter of them .
the fed chairman says he tried to stop the bonus money from flowing
barker s guest appearance was to promote his upcoming autobiography , priceless memories .
for nearly three decades , astronomers have said venus probably had lightning ever since a nasa probe showed signs of electrical activity in its atmosphere .
she hid in a bathroom after the ceremony at a nevada motel .
gasoline and heating oil also are posting substantial gains .
he also says he s glad that mccain has taken some steps to correct divisive speech at his rallies .
police chief eddie compass said there were reports of women being raped . he told ap he sent officers to quell the unrest at the convention centre but they were beaten back by an angry mob .
lone star funds cancellation last week of its planned sale of korea exchange bank to kookmin bank has triggered a renewed debate on whether the prosecution s probe into the u . s . private equity group is scaring away foreign investment .
dick clark has suffered a stroke .
roh is scheduled to meet his greek counterpart karolos papoulias today and discuss ways to build cooperative ties in the areas of maritime shipping , tourism and ocean technology .
although the guild called off pickets it had planned outside the news conference , the strike left one of hollywood s brightest and giddiest nights in shambles .
the rapes , and crimes against women and children , said michael fryer , police commissioner of unamid , the united nations peacekeeping force deployed to try to tackle the violence .
the credit crunch seems to be behind us , and we are shifting focus to corporate earnings and economic conditions , and clearly both are deteriorating , alex tang , head of research at core pacific yamaichi in hong kong , told the associated press .
these rains could cause life threatening flash floods and mud slides , according to forecasters at the national hurricane center in miami , florida .
the strategy has barely had a chance to begin working , snow said .
robert mugabe is zimbabwean , said boniface chidyausiku .
whidbey island , washington
there were two levels to this safe house upstairs was a reception room with elaborate decorations , framed pictures of the late sheik ahmed yassin and the al aqsa mosque .
she said two explosive devices were inside the parcel one detonated and the other did not .
iran on sunday also condemned the knighthood for rushdie .
her national league for democracy party is the country s largest legal opposition group , and it retains the loyalty of millions of citizens despite two decades of repression .
the video , broadcast saturday on colombian tv caracol , showed sigifredo lopez , who was kidnapped in with other politicians in the city of santiago de cali .
pope john paul ii has appeared at his vatican window to bless crowds gathered in rome for easter .
tony burman , the editor and chief of cbc , said the broadcaster s bureau in kandahar obtained the video friday through a contact .
our priority is to give support to the survivors , the passengers trapped in the wreckage , and reduce the number of fatal victims , col . souza filho , the head of rio de janeiro s civil defense department , said in an interview with the globo tv network .
kaygill called it a security incident and said it is in no way , shape or form related to terrorism .
the last minute deal mirrored a similar situation in , when russia briefly cut off gas supplies to ukraine over pricing differences .
witnesses said the bomber drove a car through the gate of the temple compound , and the vehicle exploded near the structure , which was built about , years ago and dedicated to the queen of sheba .
this could ultimately endanger the lives and physical safety of american citizens and those of our allies .
i think you re gonna have a major shift , to seats in the house of representatives and to seats in u . s .
click a button on the remote and choose either the tame or lurid version of a sexy thriller , depending on who s watching .
it also boasts of having more than billion in market capitalization .
panic had swept through stock markets worldwide on fears that key global economies will enter recession .
the elephants are known to have a taste for rice beer brewed by tribal communities in india s northeast .
the schedules reveal where clinton was , but provide no indication of how she dealt with the controversy .
the koreasat will also be the first satellite to officially service the military , according to the korea times .
there will be the signing of an agreement on cooperation on a military industrial partnership , libyan foreign minister mohammed abdel rahman shalgam told reporters shortly before sarkozy and gaddafi met .
canada has suffered fatalities last year .
new york cnn halle berry doesn t just play a mom in movies anymore .
the mgm hit proves that the united states is the headquarters that spreads abnormality , degeneration , violence and . . . corrupt sex culture , said north korea s secretariat of the committee for the peaceful reunification of the fatherland .
i can t see germany , which is just across the water , but i do see a big stone that commemorates the return of the island to denmark from germany in .
then the crew on board immediately took the due procedure to evacuate all the passengers .
after struggling with the infection for a week , the year old died on monday .
i want to feel like i can go anywhere , whatever i m wearing .
kwanghwamun gate , seoul s landmark structure that was restored in , will be dismantled and reconstructed to its original choson kingdom form .
literary purists may balk , but the attraction s backers are confident .
he always used to say . . . i am ready to sacrifice my life for the party and my country , rajput says .
they rank third by nationality among users , after americans and brazilians .
a long queue of people wait impatiently outside the u . s .
it s more about public relations propaganda .
in a campaign stop in zanesville , ohio , obama said change comes from the bottom up , and few are closer to the people than our churches , synagogues , temples and mosques .
national carrier alitalia canceled national and international flights before a four hour walkout by air sector workers beginning at a . m . a . m . est .
the two lawyers shot on tuesday were defending saddam hussein s half brother barzan ibrahim al tikriti , and former vice president taha yassin ramadan .
the legendary singer , who rose to fame during the folk movement of the s and s , is marking the occasion with a new album called day after tomorrow .
last week , north korea suspended the sole regular contact with the u . s . led united nations command that monitors the korean war armistice .
vatican city cnn pope benedict xvi marked easter sunday in a rain drenched appearance in which he renewed calls for peace in iraq , the holy land and tibet .
shi tao was jailed after yahoo helped chinese officials identify him .
also , baghdad residents are more willing to show iraqi forces the hideouts and the whereabouts of the terrorists , al rubaie said .
in an unprecedented move against a sitting vice president , the investigative arm of congress filed a federal court suit challenging vice president dick cheney s refusal to hand over documents related to national energy policy .
soviet and u . s . nuclear submarines have often traveled under the polar icecap , but no one has so far reached the seabed under the pole , where depths exceed , meters , feet .
what s that say about the old fairy tale notion of , as the princesses say , assume the position and wait for some man to save them ?
it took decades , but that simple , seemingly insignificant transmission set off a global epidemic , or pandemic , that so far has killed or infected tens of millions of people .
he had applied for citizenship but was sent back to mexico under rules for migrants with prior deportation orders .
use the pronoun preferred by the individuals who have acquired the physical characteristics by hormone therapy , body modification , or surgery of the opposite sex and present themselves in a way that does not correspond with their sex at birth .
officer sinar gomez said the donkey will remain behind bars until its owner agrees to pay the men s medical bills .
twenty two soldiers from poland have lost their lives during the nearly five year war in iraq .
he became the second major world leader after german chancellor angela merkel to decide to stay away from the opening ceremonies , although brown s office insisted wednesday that he was not boycotting the olympics and would attend the closing ceremony .
the failure knocked out power to customers in southern florida counties and spread into the northern florida peninsula . the affected region ultimately ranged from miami to tampa on the state s west coast and brevard county , home to cape canaveral and the kennedy space center , on the east .
bush is due to meet putin on sunday in the russian black sea resort of sochi .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id there are a billion bluetooth enabled devices in the world cell phones , headsets , cameras , keyboards , printers .
an australian coroner ruled friday there was enough evidence to put gabe watson on trial for the death of tina watson , who was when she drowned in october while diving around a historic shipwreck in australia s great barrier reef .
the insurance industry says new cars are doing better and better in crash tests , thanks to anti rollover technology .
the company explained that a factory in china makes the dough and sends it to a factory in busan to fry , pack and distribute it .
obama leads clinton , a fellow democratic senator , in a bruising race for their party s presidential nomination , but neither is likely to reach the , delegates needed to become the nominee in the remaining state by state contests .
president george w . bush pushed his trade agenda on wednesday by urging congressional passage of free trade agreements with south korea and latin american countries during his last year in office , but was rebuked by senior democrats who said they were in no hurry to do so .
henry was picked up from a local zoo along with seven other octopodes for a new exhibit at the center .
on the return , she listed her occupation as executive .
they are also expected to hear testimony from the paparazzi who were present after the accident .
el nino , which can affect weather conditions around the world , is often first seen as increased sea surface temperatures in the pacific along with changes in wind patterns .
this short interlude led an hour that predominantly addressed the effect of christopher s death on his family , the crew and tony in particular .
the precise percentage of the cash payback will hinge on how many jobs can be created through each investment project and where new facilities are located .
however , analysts have not been able to make accurate projections since the summer , when investment banks began taking on large losses due to the collapse of the subprime mortgage market .
and cursed at andrew deetz , a photographer who says he was beaten by spears bodyguard on thursday , according to a statement released by deetz s lawyers .
to be sure , the concentrations of these pharmaceuticals are tiny , measured in quantities of parts per billion or trillion , far below the levels of a medical dose .
and there s no harm in getting the tdap as long as two years have passed since your last td booster .
by midmorning friday in singapore , light , sweet crude for june delivery had gained cents to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange .
the government has been criticized for being too quick to praise the operation to rescue hundreds of american , european and australian tourists from the sea diamond , only to later declare two people missing and see the ship sink .
the year old , who metrohealth identified to cnn as kachadourian , is in stable condition .
not a research scientist , but a stay at home mom from texas .
nearly million in u . s . aid to the palestinians has been cleared for transfer to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , the state department said tuesday .
democrats and others criticized palin for seeming to imply that some parts of the country are more patriotic than others .
too much stress puts wear and tear on your body and damages your health , he said .
some couples with more than one child must pay fines of up to tens of thousand yuan thousands of dollars , the villagers said .
shrek s still barking at everyone in his scottish brogue , though married life brings out his softer side more and more .
in an e mail , us airways representative morgan durrant said the company s policies prevent it from commenting publicly on a personnel matter .
most economists had predicted the rise as four members of the central bank s nine strong monetary policy committee , including governor mervyn king , had wanted to raise borrowing costs last month .
north korea wants diplomatic relations with the us and a peace agreement , in addition to the security guarantees and economic help already offered . it is also demanding the removal of the american nuclear threat to the region .
during the . m square feet canary wharf development will be fully let and , encouraged by the construction of the new jubilee line railway , development may commence on additional phases .
cnn s senior editor for arab affairs , octavia nasr , said gadahn s threats are focused , making them one of his strongest messages to date .
the wide ranging agenda also includes discussion of closer european chinese cooperation in science , environmental protection and combating global warming , according to abou .
the kidnapping scandal attracted international attention , with french authorities reacting angrily to the charity s trip , calling the group s actions illegal and irresponsible .
so i think it s too early to say .
intensive efforts are under way to negotiate the release of south korean hostages being held by taleban rebels in afghanistan .
by next spring or summer , however , such a move might be possible if enough progress is made , he said .
former president jimmy carter and rep . james clyburn , the no . democrat in the house and the highest ranking african american in congress , were two of the most prominent superdelegate endorsements that obama picked up .
the terrorists planned to target hotels in beijing and shanghai that were frequented by foreigners , as well as government buildings and military bases , according to the ministry s statement .
the korea herald reports data from nine card issuers showed that koreans purchased goods and services valued at . trillion won with plastic during the first half , compared to . trillion won a year earlier .
last year , in response to increasing consumer frustration over flight delays , the state of new york enacted the new york state passenger bill of rights .
with the series whitewash , chicago advanced past the first round for the first time in nine years .
massachusetts law establishes a three day waiting period between applying for a marriage license and getting married .
tokyo maintains that whaling is a national tradition and a vital part of its food culture , and is pushing for a limited resumption of hunts , arguing that whale stocks have sufficiently recovered since when a global moratorium on commercial whaling was introduced .
after the official tree lighting ceremony on november , the christmas tree will be illuminated from a . m . to p . m . most days through the first week of january .
upon her admission , green waited nearly hours for treatment , said the nyclu , which was among the groups filing suit against the facility last year seeking improved conditions for patients .
world series game is tonight , phillies manager charlie manuel says his team will break out of its hitting slop .
ioc president jacques rogge sees no immediate threat to the olympics from a global financial crisis .
democrats have the numbers to pass the measure , which may get just a handful of gop votes .
north and south korea agreed thursday to open a cross border freight only railway by the end of this year
meanwhile , benfica joined celtic on three points in group d after snatching a late victory against the scottish champions in lisbon .
this is something proposed in earnest saddam said , out of my respect for the people of the united states and my respect for the people of iraq and the people of the world .
she has consistently accused serbia of harboring mladic , and belgrade admitted last year that he was indeed hiding in the capital until early .
as rescuers dug through the rubble , un secretary general ban ki moon called them an abjectly cowardly strike .
germany play turkey in the first semifinal in basle the previous night .
the pilgrims were on their way back to mumbai after visiting three temple sites when the accident occurred .
twitter , the popular micro blogging service , has seen the emergence of small copycat services focused on businesses .
president bush s failure to do so was a major mistake , he said .
success comes from pulling emotional levers .
a four day closing of the state s main north south route for miles around chehalis , washington .
stauffenberg and his co conspirators were shot after failing to kill hitler with a briefcase bomb on july , .
secretary of state condoleezza rice held productive talks monday with israeli and palestinian leaders and said she expects more negotiations in a bid to restart the mideast peace process .
musharraf was elected to president in a vote that was widely viewed as rigged .
why there instead of d . c . ?
the temblor was a shock to the region , which had not seen a major quake since .
most conspicuously absent , from polling booths and candidate lists , are women .
their evidence is very minimal , brewer said . there was overreaching with police with regard to their contact with him . . . i think there s a very good likelihood that there could have been improper interview techniques done .
david beckham has returned to the england side after a four game absence for friday s friendly international with austria in vienna .
children were among the mourners , as well .
president jalal talabani said the bodies were those of people who had been taken hostage and then killed in the nearby town of madain .
the red cross and the united nations high commissioner for refugees office are assisting with tents and non food items .
but , just like i didn t lose this much weight and body mass in a week or a month , my doctors expect it will take me until late this spring to regain it . i will continue as apple s ceo during my recovery .
top u . s . envoy christopher hill said there can be other options than negotiation for north korean nuclear problems .
we have proven oil reserves of at least billion barrels in the united states . but a broad federal moratorium stands in the way of energy exploration and production . and i believe it is time for the federal government to lift these restrictions and to put our own reserves to use .
exasperated , gadiesh shot back , well , the average customer has one tit and one ball .
she suffered burns on the left side of her face and to her left hand , police said .
north korea , denying any wrongdoing , has claimed the restrictions are evidence of washington s hostile attitude toward it and prove it needs nuclear weapons to protect itself .
launching the first formal peace talks in seven years at the conference , olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas agreed to try and reach a deal on creating a palestinian state in gaza and the west bank by the end of next year .
the indian boy whose athletic ability attracted harsh criticism from children s rights activists last year is planning to walk kilometers miles after the child was banned from long distance running .
the loya jirga tradition began hundreds of years ago .
stewart is a friend of charles simonyi , the american who shelled out million to be the world s fifth paying private space traveler .
charles de gaulle also gains little affection from those that pass through its interminable terminals .
the four minute video coincides with a visit to the state by democratic presidential candidate barack obama s wife for a democratic party event thursday evening .
the plans are understood to include the formation of a european division with five new teams in major markets .
many sunni arabs and u . s . officials don t think ahmed and rashid should be executed because such a move could anger sunnis .
the koreans should put pressure on kabul on this , for there is the risk that at any moment , any time something can happen to the hostages .
congressional democrats have been pushing another jumpstart plan , even though it would be expensive , come on top of the financial bailout package , and the white house has been cool to the idea .
also , employers know how many summer hires are available and are eager to finally tackle projects they didn t previously have enough staff to complete .
hillary rodham clinton and others have urged bush to consider staying away from the opening ceremony as a way to underscore u . s . concerns about the recent unrest in tibet and questions about china s relationship with sudan .
even the closing of the bay bridge could not keep thousands of nostalgic flower children away from san francisco s golden gate park to celebrate the th anniversary of the summer of love .
campus police attendant rhonda swindle says investigators know who opened fire on the two young students .
she tells nbc s today show about the potential impact of the industry going wheels up .
officials said the rebels were hovering around the town of goz beida , in a region where european union peacekeepers are to deploy over the next three months to protect refugees from sudan s troubled darfur region .
he was charged tuesday with two counts of first degree murder .
both helicopter pilots were killed .
at the chernobyl nuclear power plant , kuchma said .
the offer is good at any one of the chain s hotels in the united kingdom , the web site says . the couples must bring proof of identity and must prove that they are in a long term relationship .
the year old was presumed dead in after he went missing after going canoeing in the north sea off the coastal town of seaton carew , in northeast england .
the times square ball is set to usher in the new year will be bigger and brighter .
the catholic church considers homosexual intercourse to be a sin as it does all sex outside of marriage but does not consider homosexuality itself to be one .
some of the worst damage is in malibu , where many show business stars , among them mel gibson and sting , have homes .
michael moore told abc s this week that his film which debuts on friday is an op ed piece .
this simple exercise with the inhaler allows her to breathe easier .
floats , bands and dancers parade down kaminarimon dori and and umamichi dori in one of the most fun , and occasionally surreal , samba carnivals you re ever likely to come across .
the process began friday evening when more than entrepreneurs gathered to pitch their ideas .
but for shay nowick , whose friend asked nowick to be a bridesmaid at her wedding , it was the beginning of the end of their friendship .
los angeles , california cnn elizabeth taylor returned to the stage saturday night , after persuading striking tv and film writers to briefly put down their picket signs .
the idea is to trade their computer skills to sorority girls in exchange for a makeover and , possibly , a date .
many us politicians want strong action unless china revalues the yuan , which they say enables it to export cheaply .
they get our oil and give us a worthless piece of paper , ahmadinejad told reporters after the close of the summit in the saudi capital of riyadh . he blamed u . s . president george w . bush s policies for the decline of the dollar and its negative effect on other countries .
i didn t feel any pain under captivity , i guess because i was in a panic the whole time , but now that the tension is gone my body aches all over , she said .
thailand s parliament reopened monday , marking the end of months of military rule and the return of democracy .
the only good thing left in this mummy is the face . we need to preserve the face , said hawass , who wore his signature indiana jones style tan hat .
bob sullivan , president of the arizona super bowl host committee , knows the pressure is on to not only put on the world s largest neighborhood party , but entice the nfl to come back a lot sooner than years .
no threat had been made against the luxor , cassell said .
more than british soldiers and argentinians died in the war , but britain s victory boosted thatcher s flagging popularity .
security council for sanctions or even a preemptive strike by the united states on the north s nuclear facilities .
john markell said cho seung hui was very low key when he purchased the gun and rounds of ammunition with a credit card in an unremarkable purchase .
the iranian government and inpex first signed an outline agreement over the azadegan field in , but they subsequently failed to reach a final agreement due to a dispute over the exact financial structure of the deal .
timber brought in only a few hundred dollars more .
video footage from peru shows a necklace of nine gold tubes separated by stones .
earlier , the bodies of men were found in baghdad , iraq s interior ministry said . a military spokesman said us troops took part in fighting in the sunni muslim dominated adhamiya district in the north of baghdad .
according to the korea times , the comments come amid rampant speculation that the government is seeking to persuade north korean leader kim jong il to agree to a follow up to the june summit .
they are going to launch a campaign tomorrow to try to distort the text and the spirit of the proposal .
if you re talking about urban environment , it will cause serious problems , jamie leather , a transport specialist with the asian development bank , told ap . it s a major concern .
the sanctions require the prevention of any supply , sale or transfer to iran of any equipment , technology or information that could contribute to enrichment activities or to nuclear weapons systems .
al maliki said he believes iran is targeting u . s . forces in iraq .
the computer controlled system also allows stop start motoring which switches both engine and motor off whenever the car comes to a standstill for more than a few seconds . restarting is automatic .
russia strongly opposes the idea , saying iran is decades away from developing missile technology that could threaten europe or north america , and it says the u . s . bases will undermine russia s own missile deterrent force .
jakarta , indonesia cnn bands of starving monkeys have destroyed crops around indonesia s famous borobudur buddhist temple in search of food their habitat can no longer supply .
the kenyan red cross says it is trying to meet the needs of more than a half million affected kenyans , including more than , people who have been driven from their homes .
and what is the real harlem anyway ?
a memorial area will be on display thursday near the entrance to the zoo and visitors are encouraged to bring mementoes and tributes both to the mauling victim and tatiana .
the alleged inconsistencies in the handling of the fund were originally pointed out by the dpp .
it s a rare outlet for people to relax , to find friends or sex .
the appointment is part of japan s recent effort to harness the power of pop culture in diplomacy .
we have spoken with john and he appears to be in good health , however he currently has no memory of events since june , they said .
chavez referred to the satellite s launch as a key step toward greater scientific and technological independence for venezuela , the bolivarian news agency reported .
reminding the congregation of his firsthand experience growing up without a father , obama said he was lucky to have loving grandparents who helped his mother .
nearly two thirds of the population are foreigners , many of whom perform low status jobs in the oil rich nation .
the chemical tanker was carrying up to , tons of highly explosive benzene .
a lot of them want to go .
and in mumbai , the bse was up more than . percent monday , two days after the end of a terrorist siege in india s financial capital that left more than dead .
early last year , the ministry said it would consider replacing capital punishment with a life sentence as part of its plan to better protect criminals rights and strengthen the criminal justice system .
the ftseurofirst index of leading european shares closed up . percent at , . points for the longest winning streak since early december .
madame tussauds berlin will feature many prominent germans , including former chancellor helmut kohl , current chancellor angela merkel and scientist albert einstein who left germany shortly before hitler took power in , never to return .
however , korea continues to be held back by institutional weaknesses , both public and private , the forum reported on its web site .
medical examiners were thursday looking into the death of year old chantal sebire whose case had prompted nominally roman catholic france to reexamine its stance on euthanasia to determine whether anything illegal had taken place .
the florida legislature is considering a specialty plate with a design that includes a christian cross , a stained glass window and the words i believe .
the prank calls row has already claimed the scalp of brand , who resigned wednesday .
north korea cited the minister s remarks as a reason for demanding that the south korean diplomats leave , yonhap
a california teacher points out it s the date
given this level of spending , a possibly stronger yen and high input costs , japan s top automaker forecast a modest rise in profits for this year , joining its local rivals in providing cautious guidance .
they trumpet its superiority to windows vista , microsoft s latest pc operating system , whose consumer launch last january was greeted with lukewarm reviews .
if neighboring sterling vineyards decides to make a move , he says with a chuckle , we ll be ready .
about are believed to live on the congo side of the border .
the joong ang ilbo reported that after playing hide and seek with reporters and the public , kim was confirmed to be in china by the state run xinhua news agency just as he left the country .
there were power outages in lima , reuters reported , and people ran into the streets in panic as the tremor shook office buildings .
federer won six of his grand slams while working with roche , who had previously coached ivan lendl and pat rafter .
the large indian and chinese minorities are becoming increasingly angry about a much abused quota system that restricts their access to education and jobs .
but ryder and others who embrace the technology say they would be remiss to ignore cloning , which can augment , rather than replace , existing methods .
campaigning for the french parliamentary elections began on monday with polls suggesting president nicolas sarkozy s party will secure a strong majority for reforms and the left will get a fresh electoral drubbing .
and nato spokesman james appathurai went further , saying russia was the only country speculating about targeting europe with missiles .
probably the worst part of the whole theology , she said , is the treatment of women and teaching women that they are not equal to men .
china claims that tibetan independence forces are planning to launch suicide attacks as part of a wider uprising to establish an independent tibet .
once connected to a phone or camera by bluetooth wireless or the usb port , the printers need less than a minute to churn out inch by inch pictures , which can be peeled off a backing and used as stickers .
a recent korea times survey has shown that people see the u . s . visa application procedure as complicated , expensive and lacking privacy protection . only percent say they are satisfied with the u . s . consular services .
as for rowling , who wrote the final chapter of deathly hallows years ago , she s relieved , if a little dejected , that the story has come to an end . though she s left the door open a tiny crack for future adventures , she said it was time , according to the ap . finishing it was very , very emotional .
roger ebert plans to attend his annual festival for overlooked movies this week , returning to public view for the first time since having cancer surgery .
on saturday , the pakistan people s party one of two parties that won the majority of national assembly seats in the parliamentary elections held last month named its candidate for prime minister .
correspondents say the decision by the church s house of deputies could lead to a permanent split within the world anglican communion .
london , england cnn britain is to ramp up security at air and rail terminals as part of sweeping new anti terror measures that will see buildings bomb proofed and citizens placed under more surveillance , prime minister gordon brown said wednesday .
but the approach has been criticized in seoul as officials in both countries did not explain the contents of it .
lawyer alan chinula had expected the judge to rule on the adoption thursday but said the hearing was delayed after a malawian human rights group presented arguments on shortcomings in the southern african nation s adoption laws .
arirang s director lee said he wasn t overly concerned about being kidnapped when he visited the north for a week last year .
the world s most celebrated cellist introduces himself not as yo yo , or mr . ma , or even yo mama .
that sparked israeli air strikes near bureij refugee camp , which israel said targeted gunmen , but which left five children among people killed .
police arrested navarro .
in san francisco , mayor frank jordan tells a personal story about the importance of closeknit communities .
south korea banned beef imports from the united states in amid concerns about mad cow disease .
bayern had chances galore against the team from the town near the austrian border but year old burghausen keeper manuel riemann was outstanding , stopping shots from klose , ribery , hamit altintop , mark van bommel and bastian schweinsteiger .
around afghans demonstrated monday in the southern city of kandahar calling for the release of south koreans who have been held by the extremist taliban militia for more than two weeks .
federal prosecutor roseann ketchmark said montgomery had violated stinnett in the most wicked way possible , then failed to seek medical attention for the infant , who was four weeks shy of her due date .
surayud was appointed prime minister by the military after the overthrow of his elected predecessor thaksin shinawatra in a coup last september .
to indicate elder abuse is on the rise .
police arrested the women late monday on suspicion of injury leading to okuno s death , according to a komoro city police official .
members of the anti government people s alliance for democracy , occupying bangkok s suvarnabhumi international airport , cheered and hugged on hearing the news .
on wednesday , the government announced the latest steps in its bid to achieve the financial hub plan , including providing tax breaks to promote mergers and acquisitions m as between financial companies .
it s also elevated the status of designers whose clothes she wears , especially chicago s own maria pinto , the woman behind some of obama s most notable looks .
as many as people are believed to have been killed in the violence , including buddhist monks .
computer security companies are warning that will try to delete and overwrite files on infected computers the worm , dubbed klez . e , is programmed on the sixth day of every other month , said mikko hypponen , manager of antivirus research at f secure .
but psychologists who study happiness often report a different picture .
former philippine president joseph estrada has denied taking millions of dollars in bribes and gambling pay offs before he was deposed five years ago .
with john mccain s complete set of pork knives they cut the pork out !
crowds of students demonstrated across caracas , saying they fear for the future of free speech .
trigem computer , one of the nation s largest makers of personal computers , has sought court protection after losing the competitive battle to low cost chinese producers and becoming weighed down by debt .
alternatively , let it sniff an rfid tagged object and see what it does .
the , foot volcano last erupted in , killing dozens .
the military said the airstrike followed a heavy firefight with insurgents using assault rifles and rocket propelled grenades .
ac milan vice president adriano galliani was satisfied with uefa s decision . i believe it is fair i was against the two game suspension but one seems ok .
but the nonpartisan congressional research service has concluded that the pentagon could wage war through july without additional funding .
in the last few years , the big british musicals have slowly been disappearing from broadway .
they don t spend it at the mall , and as a consequence the economy slows .
most of them surrendered after government forces drove an armored carrier through the front entrance and fired tear gas and warning shots .
the lundberg survey says , the average price falling cents a gallon the past couple weeks .
federal prosecutors say blagojevich tried to sell the appointment to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat .
the boys now men , of course got back together and within months
joe cole s first half goal gave chelsea a win over liverpool in the first leg of their all english champions league semifinal at stamford bridge on wednesday .
the won , which had lost strength in recent weeks , leaped . percent to , . against the dollar on friday , the strongest advance since feb .
the third round of negotiations between kidnappers and nigerian government officials ended with no progress .
fifa president sepp blatter has condemned the premier league s plans to play matches overseas and even hinted it could harm england s bid for the world cup . this will never happen .
brown has been trying to overturn a judge s default judgment to nullify the couple s marriage and grant houston sole custody of year old bobbi kristina .
the ap s aaron heller in jerusalem
up against a march deadline , roh is facing huge resistance to the negotiations from civic groups that once formed the base of his support .
what matters is that children are being raised in a stable , loving environment .
they began to congregate here because it s where fishermen cleaned their catch .
rivera s clothing and makeup later tested positive for pepper spray .
signs of improving relations have been gathering pace , helping to push aside long standing disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry .
there should not be any difference between a celebrity who is breaking the law and non celebrities .
with a new poll showing their race in a virtual dead heat nationally , the democratic presidential candidates are making their final pitches monday to voters before super tuesday .
we have tried all other means to identify and to bring him to justice , but we are now convinced that without the public s help this sexual predator could continue to rape and sexually abuse young children whose ages appear to range from six to early teens , noble said .
fuse commerce st . , suite , a hip eatery that opened in , serves up dishes like brisket pot stickers in a style they refer to as texasian .
the bridge linked two temples involved in the festival , which was in its final day , he said .
another species were listed as critically endangered and possibly extinct , such as cuba s little earth hutia , which has not been seen in years , the iucn said .
and if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem .
lesson learned
among those who had to leave was a wedding party of about people stuck in the area overnight .
they mayor of lancey , michigan made an appeal for federal help for the automotives today on cbs .
hilton was arrested on charges of drunken driving in september .
for several days , celeste wasn t even allowed to see them .
the cold weather has caused problems for residents in western iran , with about a dozen towns suffering from gas cuts due to a surge in demand and a cut in gas exports from turkmenistan .
at this point , i d rather it takes so much time , and there s just other things i d rather be doing , said pitt , who soon turns , during the course of a freewheeling interview .
it is called surface .
a u . s . team , including technical experts , will head to north korea next week and take the lead in making sure the nuclear facilities are disabled , assistant secretary of state christopher hill said wednesday .
the president acknowledges it ll be a tough vote , and hinted even if the bill passes , more may need to be done .
astronomers believe the asteroid could be the most threatening object yet detected in space .
immediately following the gunfire , a suicide bomber ignited explosives near bhutto s motorcade .
those two pakistani nationals who had been arrested with the others were released for lack of evidence , according to their court appointed lawyer and a court source .
today , the board of health passed a regulation that will help new yorkers make healthier choices about what to eat
may have come up with the most attentive and perhaps honest car dealer ever in its child size walking robot asimo .
during that period , he was really a very uptight man .
initial reports suggest the crash was an accident and enemy fire was not involved , british defense secretary des browne said .
austrian maier turned back the years to clock a time of one minute . seconds , winning by a comfortable margin from john kucera of canada .
the city of pyeongchang will have another shot at hosting the winter olympics .
harper s announcement comes as canada marked its one year anniversary of its mission in kandahar , the former taliban stronghold .
at least suspected sars cases are being monitored in the united states and in canada , where three people have died .
her coffin body was removed from rawalpindi general hospital late thursday carried above a crowd of grieving supporters .
the unceremonious move immediately sent shockwaves through the political arena because the seat of nts head , which is on equal footing with vice minister , is usually not replaced before a cabinet shakeup is completed .
officials in crown king , a former mining community in the center of the state , are evacuating residents as the fire approaches homes and businesses .
a newspaper report says cuban president ra uacute l castro wants to improve relations with mexico .
aeros plans to begin testing a non rigid airship , the aeros d , in to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system .
insurgents tried to break through the u . s . cordon surrouding fallujah .
development of the ip tracking system turned out to be true .
damon , who has a year old daughter , isabella , with bozan , says all the campaigning by clooney and pitt had finally paid off .
david beckham will finally make his milestone th international appearance for england in wednesday s prestige friendly against france in paris .
it was when the roots of our religious sentiment were formed .
local militants , some believed to have ties to the taliban , claimed to have kidnapped the soldiers .
indeed , many look to singapore , that unrepentant island of discipline , as a model .
roddick had little trouble with zib although he had never played the year old czech davis cup player ranked st in the world .
he plans to hold a meeting on monday with minister of foreign affairs and trade ban ki moon , a candidate seeking to become the next u . n . leader when annan s second five year term ends on dec .
south korean officials say yoon s north korean wife and their daughter have since been arrested .
riding all terrain vehicles in the hilly countryside was a frequent pursuit for year old rikki howard and her year old sister , casie hicks , and their family , a neighbor said monday .
bybee says relentless criticism of the child rather than the child s behavior creates bad guilt .
shortly afterward , a spokesman for the peruvian embassy in washington said supplies had already begun to flow toward pisco from the south .
a representative from the u . n . force called the attack a serious violation of security council resolution and of the cessation of the hostility agreement that followed last year s war between israel and hezbollah militants .
no words can express what a tragic story yours is , state district judge mark stoltz told woodard at a brief hearing before his release .
it is unclear how the incident began each side blamed the other for firing first .
we will continue to lead and we will be , as ronald reagan said , a shining city on a hill .
that includes furniture , mattresses and jewelry .
the top movies hauled in . million , up percent from the same weekend a year ago , when the game plan was no . with . million .
but if everyone had a low sensitivity to social disconnection , no one would stay back , take care of others , and help those in need , even at personal expense .
garcia said the officers would keep their ranks while undergoing the evaluation , and the with the best results will be promoted to regional federal police chiefs , the highest positions in the field . those who flunk the drug and polygraph tests will be off the forces .
it could rapidly thaw of himalayan glaciers that feed rivers from india to china and bring heatwaves for europe and north america .
there is no doubt that new environmental concerns will arise over the next few years that scientists could not have anticipated .
it was his fourth individual world record of the week .
casey also noted rice has addressed this four year old issue on many occasions , and the subject already has been exhaustively investigated .
one of the airstrikes killed an islamic jihad militant and injured four others , hamas sources in gaza said .
quoting u . s . officials who were briefed on the talks , the post reported beijing was considering other measures to influence north korea .
a british teacher who was jailed over the naming of a teddy bear said tuesday that she got a bit more than i bargained for during her stint in sudan .
pinheiro s trip comes three days after the departure of u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari , who attempted during a six day visit to kick start talks between the junta and the pro democracy opposition .
nicole had the big serve , said zheng whose exploits have been followed on television by fans back home .
staff will be boosted at consulting centers and monitoring will be strengthened on internet sites that encourage suicide attempts .
scientists noted that dogs hate to see their owners being affectionate to other dogs and can suffer if a new baby or partner arrives on the scene .
in july , a respected mexican financial journalist announced that slim had overtaken gates as the world s richest man but the magnate said he did not care .
there will also be cross checks with more than , pieces of information relating to suspects wanted by the japanese authorities and the international police organization interpol .
oil held near its highest close in over six months on thursday as traders weighed rising risk to gulf supplies from mounting tension between iran and the west .
florida wide receiver louis murphy on franks choice of words .
mugabe , who turns next week , has been zimbabwe s only ruler since it achieved independence from britain years ago .
we originally thought we would see a uniform cloud of particles . instead we find that the particles are clumped together with empty spaces in between .
moscow , russia cnn russia s first democratic president , boris yeltsin , was buried wednesday following a funeral service in central moscow .
that s mark smith live at the white house .
the world peace forum announced this year s world peace index .
sheikh abdulla bin hamad al khalifa is seeking million from the embattled singer at london s royal courts of justice .
everyone in my view comes from a family like the simpsons .
the nll , drawn up by the u . s . led united nations command at the end of the korean war , has served as the de facto sea border between the two koreas . the joong ang ilbo reports chief of naval operations adm .
us assistant secretary of state christopher hill was speaking after the second day of the talks in new york .
what convinced me to send the case report was that a friend of mine , after playing wii sports suffered from a similar complaint , bonis told reuters in an e mail .
what we are suggesting is what kind of areas are at risk in a catastrophic event , usery told a meeting of the association of american geographers .
around , people attended a rally in berlin to denounce a decision by the german government to allow u . s . aircraft to use german airspace and bases .
san francisco officials in allowed gay couples in the city to wed , prompting a flood of applicants crowding the city hall clerk s office .
it was a vatican policeman who grabbed a german man who was trying to jump on benedict s open pope mobile during a weekly audience in june , in an episode that rekindled debate of the pontiff s security during his public appearances .
zheng xiaoyu was convicted on charges of taking bribes and of dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency reported .
but correspondents say sunday s violence underlines the fragile , reversible nature of the apparent improvements in security .
you might be able to ask a question about the economy and have barack obama answer it online tomorrow .
there may be a single mom in your family who needs a babysitter or a lonely neighbor who d love to chat .
the final count gave sarkozy . , compared with . for socialist segolene royal , with turnout at .
managing the service department of an atlanta , georgia , car dealership is a stressful job , according to debbie peek .
provincial officials said the sick chickens were hatched from eggs distributed in mid november from a breeding farm in iksan , north jeolla province .
however , the u . s . national hurricane center said in its p . m . et tuesday advisory that noel s intensity is not expected to change within the next hours .
in , with the economy limping and ordinary chinese hoarding their earnings in banks , the government decided that longer vacations would encourage people to spend money .
iran insists its plans are peaceful .
chuck hagel of nebraska and gordon smith of oregon joined democrats in supporting the bill . connecticut independent joe lieberman , who caucuses with the democrats , voted with republicans opposing it .
however , prime minister jose socrates said the victory for his proposal among those who did vote granted him legitimacy to enact the changes through a bill in parliament , where his party has an overall majority .
the president elect was cleared of charges that he took part in the rigging of bbk stock prices , leaving kim to face the music alone .
bush expressed optimism about a possible deal with democrats on the war funding bill , but neither side seemed closer to compromise .
the united states centers for disease control and prevention and a lab in gabon confirmed the disease as a hemorrhagic fever , and specifically as ebola , health minister makwenge kaput said on national television monday . he did not provide further details .
they re still investigating the exact number caused by the deadly new virus strain , which has shown up in as many as seven other countries and has caused the us to declare a health emergency .
and buried beneath its weight .
in , when harry potter and the half blood prince came out , greenpeace and other environmental groups complained that scholastic wasn t using enough recycled paper and urged consumers to buy copies from the canadian publisher , raincoast books .
it lowers the blood pressure .
the nearly superdelegates various party leaders and officials who cast their vote at the convention are free to vote for the candidate of their choice .
there had been speculation that the cartel would again boost production at its next meeting in december .
madrid , spain cnn brazilian midfielder emerson will return to italy to play for ac milan after just one season with real madrid .
watch pakistani security forces making their final assault raquo
for the first time in five months , the armed wing of hamas has fired mortars and rockets into israel from gaza , breaking an unofficial truce and a period of relative calm along the border .
however royal canadian mounted police sgt . steve wright stressed that no gondolas had fallen .
investigators think his ex wife and her parents are among the dead .
officials in fargo , north dakota are calling in more national guard troops as the rising red river threatens to inundate the city in the coming days .
villagers cart away pieces to make sheep corrals and developers are leasing land at the wall s foot to build tract homes , a group set up to protect the monument warned .
a terror plot against jewish synagogues in new york has been broken up .
if they are convicted , they could face a maximum jail term of five years . in another draconian move police sought arrest warrants yesterday for two musicians who flashed during a live tv broadcast after the two admitted that they had planned the prank in advance .
the return of parliamentary rule after months of military rule follows elections in december in which the people power party ppp , the party of deposed thai leader thaksin shinawatra , won nearly half the seats in the lower house .
as of monday , people have been questioned since the search was launched , garver said , and the military has received more than tips from people .
president bush was briefed on the storm while in new orleans thursday afternoon and again when he boarded air force one for the return flight to washington .
dozens of slum areas near rivers are washed out each year .
his body was found at the side of the road in the village of arizo valley in ghazni province .
hawking had canceled an appearance at arizona state university on april because of his illness .
galindo was cited for statutory rape and released , grebmeier said .
camera also told deetz on july outside the lisa kline boutique in beverly hills , i have unfinished business with you , the statement alleged .
the relief flight will be in addition to million in building materials , food and other goods seoul plans to start shipping next week to ryongchon , the town where the blast killed people and destroyed thousands of homes .
according to article of the anti doping regulations introduced in , a retired rider may only return to competition by informing the uci six months in advance in order to allow him her to be available for out of competition testing .
on wednesday , assemblyman jose rivera of the bronx introduced a resolution in the state legislature to generate standards to protect the health of teenage models and entertainers , ap reported .
rescuers first need to reconfigure the lift in the ventilation shaft to carry the miners .
that s the whole point of this
but the show s organizers said the show is being canceled due to circumstances far beyond our control .
beijing , china cnn china s inflation accelerated in january to . percent its highest rate in years after devastating snowstorms worsened food shortages , setting back government efforts to cool rising prices , according to data reported tuesday .
still , the authorities agree that exercising is also critical to maintain normal weight after losing pounds .
the findings suggest that human aversion to dangerous smells like that of rotten food , for example , could also be genetically predetermined , he said .
authorities allege one of two students arrested in south carolina in august posted a video on youtube demonstrating how to use a remote controlled toy to trigger a bomb .
says percent of the , clients it has helped are state funded students . it costs for a day of mock interviews or , for a full weekend course .
but prosecutors have difficulty in securing evidence to issue an arrest warrant for the sugar daddy . the prosecution said monday that it will ask the court to approve its request to arrest shin , who returned to korea sunday after a two month stay in the u . s . , for forgery and interference in the performance of duty .
rights have been suspended , media has been restricted and hundreds of people arrested under the emergency decree .
although the u . s . military has not had contact with al sadr , it is encouraging the cleric to continue the cease fire , saying it would be a productive and positive step in rebuilding iraq , said rear adm . gregory smith , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad .
simpson had to surrender his passport , but is allowed to return to his home in miami , florida , and travel elsewhere in the united states .
hwang s research team stole the global show in february by successfully cloning a human embryo for the first time in the world .
mexico s health secretary says most businesses will reopen across the country on wednesday , ending a day shutdown of non essential businesses to slow the spread of swine flu .
we aren t going to get in the middle of a disagreement between the clintons and someone who was once one of their biggest supporters , gibbs said in a written statement . it is ironic that the clintons had no problem with david geffen when he was raising them million and sleeping at their invitation in the lincoln bedroom .
unearthing new species of mammals in the st century is considered very rare .
they never told anybody what they were doin , they just made you sit there and wait an hour , after an hour , after an hour .
the encounter was seen as a decisive battle in swaying undecided voters ahead of sunday s second round vote .
impersonators of the well known characters were arrested for allegedly harassing tourists for tips to pose for photos on hollywood boulevard .
christofaro and baras are part of a growing alliance between evangelical christians and israelis .
lindsay davenport defeated julie ditty thursday to advance to a quarterfinal matchup against jelena jankovic at the bali open .
eavesdropping case angers dj camp .
and the police officer said , do you know , my wife has bought some of that .
he says he s not trying to pretend that it s some sort of fair and balanced journalism .
the south koreans were abducted in the qarabagh district of ghazni province as they traveled by bus from kabul to the southern city of kandahar .
japan s benchmark nikkei stock index fell more than percent .
the main lines of the image are clear , not ragged they were made by confident , unbroken movements , hizri amirkhanov and sergey lev write .
pakistan s government on saturday denied involvement in the attack , while sporadic violence flared in karachi , a boisterous city of million people .
hong kong ap hong kong health officials on march reported more people had fallen ill with a deadly flu like disease , more than half of them in one apartment complex , pushing the number of infections worldwide past , .
pakistan became a declared nuclear power in in response to nuclear tests by india .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
lebron you have to be like mike , hitting a pointer at the buzzer to give the cleveland cavaliers a playoff win over orlando .
mps are due to choose a new president next week .
adam ereli , a state department spokesman , saying he was sure korea would continue to be a strong and very visible member of the multinational forces , conceded that washington had spoken to seoul about korea s deliberations on plans for the korean contingent in iraq .
in the age of turbulence
i ve seen some weird stuff .
the campaign has sparked protests
since yang became ceo , yahoo s stock price has declined by percent while google shares have surged by more than percent .
a court in dubai has sentenced two britons to three months in prison for having sex on a public beach in the muslim country .
that would make it nearly . a gallon . liters compared to the u . s . price of . .
jack daniel had a brilliant mind for marketing .
the people who are losing their houses and their businesses cause they can t pay .
however , the ministry of foreign affairs and trade said it cannot confirm the deaths of the south koreans until a korean medical team in cambodia verifies their fate .
her case proves how resourceful bacteria have become .
former republican u . s . vice presidential candidate sarah palin has said she is optimistic about barack obama s incoming administration and that she prays for the president elect and his family .
it was forecast to be kilometers miles south of okinawa , japan by wednesday morning .
the night before , the child is so excited he or she can barely sleep , talking about every ride and all the food .
the money mostly customs duties that israel collects on behalf of the palestinians has been withheld in an unsuccessful bid to pressure hamas to recognize israel s right to exist and renounce violence .
steele says republicans will show the public time tested principles that will ignite a new generation of reagan conservatives .
all schools , colleges , universities , banks and government offices will remain closed .
not since the golden age of amusement parks in the s has there been this much interest in intentionally getting one s pants scared off .
the marlboro , new jersey , high school senior said x rated images pop up all the time when she s online .
the announcement was seoul s first about the troops it dispatched to the war zone . the government had asked media to keep silent over concern for the troops safety .
the power in iceland to do this is so cheap that it is economical for companies like alcoa and alcan to ship the raw materials all the way to iceland and then ship the final product out it to its customers .
in reality , he was a colossus . he was an heroic figure who not only knocked off everest but lived a life of determination , humility , and generosity , clark said in a statement .
despite the vow , the joint statement was unlikely to mark a change in attitude by north korea .
youtube . com had taken down the video by p . m . et tuesday due to terms of use violation , according to a banner on the web site .
prostitution is legal in brazil .
orlow suspects that cimetidine helps rally the body s immune system against the viruses that cause warts .
the jury foreperson admitted to the judge that four to five jurors were playing puzzle games for up to half the time the trial had been going .
quarterback tim tebow led the number one gators to a victory over oklahoma , giving florida its second bcs championship in three years .
i m going to find out over time what went right and what went wrong , he said in reply to criticism that the authorities were too slow to respond .
yet , you should be able to talk .
the treaty changes voting procedures , increases the role of the european parliament and includes a charter of fundamental rights .
the unit s commander , slobodan medic , and a fellow paramilitary were each sentenced to years in prison , while the only defendant who admitted to shooting the victims , pero petrasevic , was sentenced to years in prison .
opposition figures have been sued for libel in the past , and sometimes bankrupted .
the un secretary general has said he believes that un peacekeeping forces will have to return to east timor , just a year after they were withdrawn .
family members screamed in delight and threw candy at the newcomers as they emerged into the airport reception hall after a long bureaucratic procedure .
the former movie star still has mass popular appeal , and over the years the court proceedings have attracted plenty of media attention .
for republicans , the number is . million .
even though ventastega is probably an evolutionary dead end , the finding brings new details on the evolutionary transition from fish to tetrapods .
the euro bought . early tuesday , up from . the previous session .
in north west frontier province , a senior intelligence official said the year old suspect in the bhutto assassination told investigators that a five person squad was dispatched to rawalpindi , where bhutto was killed , by baitullah mehsud , a militant leader with strong ties to al qaeda and an alliance with the taliban in nearby afghanistan .
real were up inside half an hour as sergio ramos hammered the ball home following a guti pass .
the korea herald reports the step , which results from the government s plan to reform higher education , will reduce the number of new enrollees this coming march to about , from about , this year .
but european peace monitors blamed the rebels for a gross violation of the ceasefire .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
his story was circulated well beyond the world of cancer patients and was told by mass media including the detroit news and cnn .
the two leading presidential contenders from the main opposition grand national party are on a collision course over the rules to pick the party s standard bearer in the december presidential election .
the children s father discovered the tape by chance . in a statement , their family said
the health system is overwhelmed .
pick a sector of the economy and you ll find problems .
the year old kennel owner told the woman she did not trust homosexuals and had read that transvestites sexually abused animals , according to the tt news agency .
but all in all , it s better for me now to have them in my life . it s healthy .
the expedition will focus on eastern marquette county , said matthew moneymaker of the bigfoot field researchers organization .
the burden is on the attorney general to show , for example , why these specific prosecutors were singled out to be fired .
his goal was from the beginning to con her and to blackmail her into giving him money .
a lawmaker from the millennium democratic party is seeking to pass a bill that will require lobbyists in south korea to register themselves and report their interactions with politicians or government officials .
the administration is due to report to congress on iraq progress on july .
he has been buried at the foot of a mountain , about eight miles from the wolong center , li said .
the activist , a party operative who has been involved in democratic presidential campaigns and conventions dating back more than years , said it is his information that the process is at a very early point but that within the campaign itself they have been informally thinking about it for a while .
the respect of state institutions is essential to ensure political stability , a spokesman said , reading from a statement by enlargement commissioner olli rehn .
brown said key to that work would be what becomes daily more urgent a middle east settlement upholding a two state solution for israel and the palestinians .
be strong , richardson said on stage . the camera caught cowell s expression and showed him tapping his hand once , in apparent impatience , on the table in front of him and fellow judges randy jackson and paula abdul .
some in congress are getting tired of bailouts , and the billion in bridge loans for the auto industry could run into a dead end in the senate today , after being approved by the house yesterday .
the first time was in december , but the club reinstated him in february and he helped them avoid relegation .
bartlett said the plan appeared aimed more at papering over democratic divisions on iraq than resolving the war itself .
washington and its allies have been turning up the heat on pyongyang , using a combination of diplomacy and isolation to dissuade the north from continuing its nuclear programs and trade in narcotics , counterfeit money and missile parts .
hudson told the ap last month that she liked not being treated as a celebrity at home .
four of the five crew members on board the boeing were slightly injured and were hospitalized , said jan van der cruysse , spokesman at brussels airport .
a retired us army general directly links a violent incident at the iraqi town of haditha , the abu ghraib prison scandal and chaos in iraq , to the bad judgment of defense secretary donald rumsfeld .
the second man , who identifies himself by a name sounding like lt . felix carmen , also explains where on the map the britons were taken .
the latest round of regulation covers all of uiwang in gyeonggi province , and four areas of the central city of daejeon in chungcheong province .
football star david beckham and his wife , victoria , arrived on thursday night to begin their new lives in the united states .
a star studded concert meant to highlight the global environmental crisis has been canceled following the coordinated series of deadly attacks in mumbai .
the korea times reports korea s internet and telecom industries have begun to counter japan s recent claim to tokto , korea s easternmost islets .
the couple reached a divorce settlement in march .
a statement on the russian foreign ministry s official web site monday said iran had provided additional written guarantees that the fuel can only be used at and for the bushehr plant , and that the spent fuel will be returned to russia for utilization and storage .
the obama transition team announced sunday that obama will unveil the full team at a press conference in chicago , illinois , around a . m . et .
ruling uri party chairman shin ki nam will likely bow to intense pressure from his fellow and opposition lawmakers to step down after he confessed to his father s pro japanese activities before korea s liberation .
she lost her engineering job , while her scientist husband is a big man in his field but now he s impoverished .
the united states and european union have been moving quickly to shore up abbas .
tokyo has staunchly backed the u . s . led attacks on iraq and afghanistan , raising fears japan could be targeted by terrorists .
ryan c . crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , and gen . david h . petraeus , the top u . s . commander in the country , condemned the attack .
mansfield noted that the bulk of bin laden s message builds a legal case under islamic sharia law justifying why muslims in pakistan should take up arms against musharraf .
the deeper reductions in fertility rates projected in the new forecast will result in the faster ageing of the population in developing countries , it said .
meanwhile , in an article published wednesday in the herald , kenya s oldest newspaper , the head of the country s electoral commission , samuel kivuitu , was quoted as saying he did not know who had won the election .
african leaders also are loath to be seen as abandoning one of their own under pressure from a former colonial power .
no one knows how the two foot long cm crocodile ended up outside the noonamah tavern , located off a dusty highway about miles km from the northern territory capital of darwin .
at twilight , first time poets savor that magic moment when the sky turns into a rich blue dome as bright as the medieval tower that holds it high .
england captain john terry was sent off for a late tackle in the first half , as man chelsea drew at everton , losing their per cent premier league away record in the process .
the grotesque facial tumors were first spotted in the devil population around a decade ago in the northeast of australia s island state of tasmania , where percent of the species has died of the disease .
all in the hope one will believe in her .
he said gaza keeps about four days of fuel reserves , the ap reported .
five to inches to cm of rain are expected , with maximum isolated amounts of up to inches cm , over portions of east central mexico , forecasters said .
duarte , a member of the ruling colorado party who was barred from running for a second five year presidential term in last april s elections , instead ran for and won a seat in paraguay s senate .
we must rethink the meaning of the baby drop off , the conservative sankei newspaper said in an editorial .
officials said it was the first accident in poland involving a casa transporter , which is generally considered an extremely reliable aircraft .
farah maalim , also a member of the opposition orange democratic movement , was elected deputy speaker .
hudson asks public for help in slayings , nephew s disappearance
the hostages were released with the mediation of tribal elders in separate locations .
according to the report compiled annually by the world economic forum , korea s competitiveness index slipped to th place from the previous year s th place among countries .
serbian president boris tadic has dissolved parliament and called early elections for may , following disagreements over kosovo and the european union .
i don t know why they arrested him , simpson told cnn on sunday before his own arrest . i ve stayed in contact with the police , and the truth will come out .
xavier asked the court to step in after the th u . s . circuit court of appeals ruled that the policies did not cover damage from floods , even those that resulted from man made failures such as the collapsed levees in new orleans .
qutang , china ap even with months of warning , the rising waters of the yangtze river behind the three gorges dam took thousands of people by surprise .
weir and his partner john hemm plan to be the first in their county to marry under a california supreme court ruling that allows same sex marriages .
but defending champion justine henin made light work of austria s tamira paszek , cruising into the third round with a victory .
in return for giving up its nuclear programs , north korea would receive energy assistance for its listless economy and guarantees that its security would not be undermined .
but you know , meet the parents was something that i was developing .
a child was killed in a neighboring county .
it was unclear whether the talks were continuing , or if sun was trying to find another buyer .
their self image as breadwinners seems to have snuffed out any serious consideration of chucking everything for a new career or lifestyle .
we assumed after three years , they wal mart had made a decision to let debbie shank use this money for what it was intended to , graham said .
that s why aig aig , fortune is so interested in moving into china , said hunter . as the middle class grows , there will be increased demand .
every major resort on the strip has a spa facility , each touting a special feature or unique therapy , often from asia or europe , for relief from the excitement of gambling , relaxation after a big business trip or to prepare for a night on the town .
about percent of those surveyed said the country should have friendlier relations and policies with the u . s . , while . percent responded that maintaining the current relationship between the two allies would be better .
delhi police officials said they too were on high alert after the blasts and were receiving regular updates from jaipur on developments in the investigation .
the united states and its adversaries in iran and syria may for the first time since the iraq war began meet face to face at a conference next month to discuss the situation in iraq .
yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s ruling junta restored internet access but kept foreign news sites blocked , partially easing its crackdown as a u . n . envoy arrived in thailand on sunday to rally neighboring governments around demands for democratic reforms in the country .
london makes sure her mother takes vitamins a , c , and e .
at the united nations in new york , secretary general ban ki moon held out hope for a resolution to the dispute .
.
soldiers searched the remaining rooms , apparently once used as living and entertaining quarters , not for administration .
protests against tibetan independence have continued sunday in several chinese cities , according to the country s state run news agency .
now many banks are adding warm bodies around the clock who provide much more than basic account information .
to commemorate the return of chinese sovereignty , a uniformed band played patriotic music earlier tuesday and helicopters dragged the chinese and hong kong flags through the sky as government leaders , including chinese premier wen jiabao , stood at silent attention .
the survey , which includes interviews with , adult americans , including whites and blacks , was conducted by telephone january and has a sampling error of plus or minus . percentage points .
and the mediterranean is likely to experience an increased frequency of droughts .
the british government s skills minister , david lammy , who is black , called the comments deeply offensive and said watson would only succeed in providing oxygen for extremist political groups .
wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
the daily mail , which played the story on its front page wednesday , said charles pulled out because parker bowles had been assigned a seat in chester cathedral several rows behind him .
hong kong youths appear to be ending up less than proficient in speaking english , the international lingua franca of business , and in writing chinese , with its thousands of characters to learn .
ask people what the most important historical revolution is and their answers might include the industrial revolution , the information revolution , or maybe even the french revolution .
justice minister chun jung bae thursday apologized to the public for recent sexual harassment cases at a prison here .
now that she s morphed from role model to cautionary tale , whether jamie lynn s fans will abandon her remains to be seen .
transport union leaders in new york have voted to end a three day strike that forced millions of commuters to walk , cycle , skate or share rides .
croatian blanka vlasic won the women s high jump , improving her world s year best by one centimeter to . meters on her third attempt .
new york cnn billy joel has released a new pop single , the anti war christmas in fallujah .
hamas rejected the new government .
however , rice imports will not be included in the deal after seoul objected to opening up its market .
tebow s the man and florida fans are overjoyed .
among them was a year old who has since been arrested on suspicion of murder .
it fanned concerns about a slowdown in the united states , a vital export market for asian companies .
the operation a week ago lasted hours and involved a team of some surgeons , all specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics , and plastic surgery , working in eight hour shifts .
the boy s year old sister and year old brother had also been in parker s care , o meara said . they were put in the custody of their maternal grandparents after cameron was found dead .
finland s tanja poutiainen , seventh on sunday , is second on followed by vonn with .
alice springs police said they are unable to press charges against the boy because of his age .
kabul , afghanistan cnn u . s . led coalition forces said monday they killed militants in response to an ambush in eastern afghanistan .
they have to get away from this big bonus system which encourages their managers to take risky bets , instead of engaging ordinary commercial banking activities .
meanwhile , korea shows the highest anti corporate sentiment in asia and is openly critical of foreign investors , jeffery jones , an american attorney at kim chang law firm said on thursday .
the us , the eu and the iaea have called on tehran to return to negotiations on its nuclear program .
prospects of an agreement at the talks are starting to look bleak , he says .
australian police were executing search warrants at locations in the brisbane area , including at the gold coast hospital in southport , queensland , where the man worked as a doctor , according to australian attorney general philip ruddock .
oprah sued over man s arrest on extortion charge
senators on tuesday voted to resume debate on the compromise legislation , which was put together by both republican and democratic leaders and the white house .
at least people have been confirmed dead but that figure is expected to rise , possibly to over
doura is frequently targeted by insurgents . earlier this week , people were killed in the same district by a car bomb .
you didn t have the largest banks in the country unwilling to lend to each other . he was on abc s this week .
especially older adults , over or over , depending on the samples that we had .
unlike laws in democratic countries the act is prohibited from today .
press freedom and human rights groups say china has jailed dozens of people for writings posted online .
curtis , who is married to christopher guest and the mother of two children , says she reached a turning point two years ago when a tabloid published a photo of her and gave her weight as pounds . i was like , how dare you i m not pounds !
the roles were reversed from the third set , which nadal raced through in minutes , after which youzhny needed courtside treatment on his back .
rescue crews were able to pull out one sailor . fifteen died , and a sixteenth person was still missing , the news agency said .
two adult bears , masha and misha , had dragged the body to their feeding corner and reacted angrily when keepers tried to recover it .
the country is believed to have countless mountainside tunnels in which to hide projects .
al fayed maintains that his son and the princess were murdered in a plot by the british establishment and security services .
it was belatedly learned that abe also made a visit to the controversial shrine as recently as april .
he has previously blamed prince philip for the deaths , insisting that the royal family couldn t bear the prospect of a muslim marrying the princess .
twenty two of the climbers were tibetan .
the guards had fled to china , where the north sent intelligence officials to capture them , the report said , citing a north korean resident .
the first homes in brad pitt s make it right rebuilding project are complete , and some three years after hurricane katrina devastated new orleans , lousiana , year old grandmother gloria guy was on hand to give the actor a big hug .
it might be used in obstetrics to monitor contractions wirelessly
youssif s father was also cheered by the news .
try to find time for relaxation and your personal routine when there are openings in the schedule .
matsushita said there had been a rare problem in the process of manufacturing battery cells core components of battery packs rather than in the design of the batteries .
we ve got a crew of wonderful school children here , who are all interested in space , and we ve got some members of congress , who are like big kids when it comes to talking to astronauts .
paisley , , and mcguinness , , arrived within minutes of each other tuesday morning and both set an optimistic tone .
flying virtually empty planes is an obscene waste of fuel . through no fault of their own , each passenger s carbon footprint for this flight is about times what it would have been if the plane had been full , friends of the earth s transport campaigner richard dyer said .
members of lebanon s other major shiite party , amal , also participated .
the united nations has imposed two sets of sanctions since december because of iran s failure to halt uranium enrichment , a process which can make fuel for power plants or bomb material .
such extremism was seen in july during the siege of islamabad s red mosque , where students had hoped to impose taliban style islamic law on the capital .
but even de jesus concedes that he is an unlikely leader of a church that claims thousands of members in more than countries .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
a sheriff s helicopter was scanning the beaches for the shark , and nearby beaches were contacted , solana beach officials said in a statement posted on the city s web site .
critics say mugabe has increasingly relied on the military and other security agencies to hang on to power despite a severe economic crisis that has seen inflation spiralling above , percent and unemployment and poverty levels rising .
obama has criticized countrywide in connection with the subprime mortgage crisis .
miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the british foreign office confirmed to cnn .
the korea times quoted the court as ruling a heavy sentence is inevitable as song worked as a member of the north korean ruling workers party politburo and had a bad influence on the countries peaceful unification by spreading the kim il sung s ideology in the south .
prosecutors told the court wednesday they would seek a second trial against two other men manfo kwaku asiedu , , and adel yahya , , after a jury failed to return verdicts in their cases . both men deny conspiracy to murder .
it doesn t appear activity has slowed down , they re just looking to save more often , said rivers , whose publication is often sold in schools and community organizations as a fundraising tool .
but the conservative grand national party gnp categorically denied the allegation , saying the documents in question must have been fabricated and asked the prosecution to verify the authenticity of them .
host cities of the two international events will be decided next year in july and december , respectively .
rob brendle , an associate pastor at new life church , said the attack took place inside the church after a late morning service and that the suspect was fatally shot .
we had about an hour and a half of fun , siers said tuesday . everybody was pretty tickled when the cat emerged .
gault was a business associate of the girl s family , and she may have considered him a friend , blatter said . there s a question as to what her relationship was with this year old to start with .
nadal s absence deals a big blow to spain s bid for a third davis cup title since .
many people have been afraid to return to their homes because of fears of another tsunami .
we will reform social security and medicare , sparing our children from struggles we have the power to prevent .
we played against a top level team and i think we did well .
the students get free tuition , uniforms , accommodations and meals at the school in henley on klip , near johannesburg .
we have long been seriously concerned about north korea s nuclear weapons program and its proliferation activities , the statement said . north korea s clandestine nuclear cooperation with syria is a dangerous manifestation of those activities .
a not guilty plea for drew peterson at the ex cop s arraignment in the death of his third wife .
police blamed the violence on some , militants known as the black block .
but the higher likelihood that investors will maintain their yen carry trades lifted the dollar .
it is very unusual to catch a glimpse of the javan rhino deep inside the rain forest , he said , adding the attacked camera was undamaged and put back on its stand the day after the incident .
north korea has few air links with the outside world and its officials often travel via china .
erich kastner , the last german veteran , died january this year , aged .
the display is generally visible at least every three days , he said .
major banks warned last week of further losses in their debt portfolios , raising investor concerns that the credit market slump isn t abating .
next week , the jury is scheduled to travel to paris to see the crash site , along the river seine .
in his speech to the american legion , bush hit back , accusing iran s revolutionary guards of funding and arming insurgents in iraq .
but he noted that there had been signs of increased troop movement in the area in the last hours .
tempelman said that in order for the dutch court to consider kazemi s asylum application , he needed to prove that britain did not handle his asylum application properly , but he wasn t able to prove any wrongdoing on the part of the british government .
the korea times quotes the nation s top economic policy maker as saying wednesday that the government s new anti speciation measures are expected to bring down home prices in seoul and its satellite cities by about percent .
the san francisco giants star overcame a , vote deficit in the final days of balloting and finished , ahead of the chicago cubs alfonso soriano on sunday to claim the third and final starting outfield spot for the national league .
lee said two large and four small and mid sized foreign funds are being investigated by the tax authority for the past few months .
the split key system shields telephone communications from eavesdroppers and provides a secure electronic identification for contracts and financial transactions .
i am just an ordinary middle aged primary school teacher , gillian gibbons said after arriving in london .
but what are the odds of your vote being the one , to be the deciding tally ?
authorities in southern china are using information obtained from mistresses of government officials to crack down on corruption , state media reported thursday .
the vatican s other law enforcement force , the swiss guards , have ceremonial and some security duties .
the lower house passed the resolution , which the u . n . and rights activists have condemned , on january .
the demonstrators moved through the city in pickup trucks , minivans and cars , distributing leaflets condemning the kidnappers and chanting anti taliban slogans through loudspeakers .
fascinating how the liberal left s definition of rich has a way of creeping down .
this is a new type of show , contestant naweed sabirpur told cnn . and the people are watching and following it intently .
cape canaveral , florida cnn adapting to weightlessness was hard .
sen . barack obama raised million in february , his campaign reported thursday , setting a record for political fundraising in one month .
former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto told cnn she suspects members of president gen . pervez musharraf s regime may have been indirectly involved in last week s suicide bombing that targeted her convoy .
the bank also announced that it would increase next year its overall support for global agriculture and food to billion , up from billion in .
world marks end of war to end all wars
we have nothing to fear but fear itself . just words , just speeches !
as long as the power is out , sadly , we expect the numbers to go up .
one hand waving at the on flight camera , the other clasping a dior space traveler handbag .
in addition , the palestinian sources said nine palestinians were injured , including two journalists .
group beer volume rose . percent in the first half , with consolidated volumes up . percent .
it was sorenstam , though , who cracked , three putting the th hole after taking the lead with a birdie the hole before and then nearly hitting her next shot on the th hole into the water .
the fbi says it s heard such threats before , and says there s no indication anything is imminent .
in the following days , i had times more people visiting my web site , said kang ho , a seoul tattooist who finds south korea s regulations on tattoos out of date and ridiculous .
but clinton made her own challenge to obama during a press conference in greensburg , pennsylvania .
the united auto workers agreed to work with the embattled u . s . automakers about changes in their labor contract , an important step for the industry s chance to win up to billion in federal loans .
sen . john mccain of arizona and former gov . mitt romney of massachusetts appear to be neck and neck in the republican primary .
the korea times reports low to middle income salaried workers and the self employed will see their tax burden cut between , won to , won annually beginning next year thanks to revised tax rules .
take in some local sites .
the second phase will be governed by luxembourg
take care in the kitchen , too .
the agency said it is notifying all poultry keepers in britain and that the european commission has also been informed .
the dow down points . on the upside of the down economy
indonesian air investigators arrived in yogyakarta late wednesday and will investigate the plane s condition , review the weather pattern and speak with crew members in an effort to find out what caused the plane to erupt in flames , cnn s kathy quiano in jakarta reported .
as investors look for help , members of congress are taking a look at what caused the chain of events that forced the bailout of aig .
a united nations official said nearly , square miles , square km of the hard hit delta are still underwater .
at stake is a draft agreement under which pyongyang would reportedly close nuclear facilities in exchange for aid .
last week , his new documentary found its way online , spurring his distributor to bump up the film s release to this weekend , opening on one screen in manhattan and scheduling sneak previews in markets .
the rancher took what s believed to be the first photo of a live jaguar in the united states . but it wasn t his last .
another measure is to abolish all other forms of substitute service , such as service in the police , state run companies and prisons , within five years to fill the possible manpower gap in the military from the reduction in service period .
the data will help researchers learn about socializing patterns , such as whether they mimic others or learn behavior from scratch through trial and error , said elliott albers with the center for behavioral neuroscience .
al qaeda is stepping up its efforts to sneak terror operatives into the united states and has acquired most of the capabilities it needs to strike here , according to a new u . s . intelligence assessment , the associated press has learned .
they re tied to a commerce department report , which says the gross domestic product , the measure of all goods and services produced within the u . s . , fell at a three tenths percent annual rate in the third quarter .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert faced strident calls for his resignation in the wake of harsh findings of an official inquiry into his leadership during last summer s costly but inconclusive war in lebanon .
in new york , protesters in lower manhattan stood behind barricades , holding signs .
in a new video game for cell phones set to launch in japan , the point is simple
i don t think anyone will want to play us in the last eight , said liverpool skipper steven gerrard , who saluted torres .
the white house also released a statement condemning the attack and offering condolences to the families of the victims .
in its semi annual world economic outlook , the imf called on tokyo to compile an extra budget to boost the economy the bank of japan should ease monetary policy more aggressively , even if that meant a weaker yen .
the crash nine weeks after another boeing plunged into the sea , killing all people on board put the spotlight back on indonesia s patchy aviation safety record .
a pentagon official in baghdad , who asked not to be identified , said some of the weapons went back to iraqi forces and some were destroyed .
gadiesh , who spends of her time working with clients , says , i constantly try to think , if i were the client , how would i feel about this ?
it is rare for a high ranking government official to openly express concern about the won dollar movement .
sen . latif khosa , who helped put the report together , accused the powerful inter services intelligence of operating a rigging cell from a safe house in the capital , islamabad .
in , indian winemakers sold roughly , cases of wine domestically and , cases overseas , up from , domestic cases and , overseas in , according to industry figures .
florida and nevada are the only other states to impose such restrictions .
police in india have broken up what they call a global organ trafficking scheme and are hunting its alleged mastermind , a doctor identified as amit kumar .
i , by choice , am not an activist at this point , nicholson said . i think sean penn is the greatest living american in a certain way , because he s a man of action .
the six party talks on the north korean nuclear problem are likely to open after july , when the delivery of the heavy fuel oil is completed , a south korean government source said yesterday .
mifsud , twice voted malta s sports person of the year , was recruited for coventry by mickey adams , who was sacked two days later .
the head of the group says using a cell phone behind the wheel is like driving drunk .
the finding paves the way for new u . n . sanctions .
one of the bulls weighed twice as much as expected and it was euthanized on april .
mexico temporarily removed all of its top federal police officers from their jobs and is forcing them to prove they will not be corrupted in the fight against drug trafficking , the government announced monday .
the band has every reason to be confident of strong ticket sales in south america where fan loyalty verges on fanaticism .
under the bill , seoul will raise its rice import quota to . percent from the current percent by in return for a year grace period for the full opening of the local rice market .
turkey s prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has said he will ask parliament to approve an early general election .
mugabe , who was prime minister before taking the presidential post in , has been in power since zimbabwe s independence years ago .
one reason for the discrepancy between moms and experts selective memory .
although it s only miles from kabul , the drive to bamiyan takes over hours along a dirt path that winds high up into the snowcapped koh i baba mountains before dipping down into a verdant valley .
the announcement followed weeks of speculation and rumors that the couple s marriage of years was in trouble .
she has a young son , aurelien , from a relationship with philosophy professor raphael enthoven .
the aid agency has received no explanation for his arrest , which ban s office called a violation of international law , wfp spokesman marcus pryer said .
donda west , mother of hip hop mogul kanye west , may have died because of complications from surgery , the los angeles county coroner s office said monday .
plus , they rarely get stuck .
the meeting follows october s historic summit in pyongyang between the two countries presidents .
three other charges against bonsall , , were dismissed under a plea agreement entered on friday .
the image was taken by photographer michel comte in , when carla bruni sarkozy was one of the world s most sought after models .
what we ve added is light , and beauty , said ed pignone , executive director of the old north foundation of boston , which oversees the year old church .
since the march contests , the trend is greater than to .
with late notice of snoop being denied a visa , time has run out and it is too late to reconfigure the show , it said .
i think we ve come a long way , said radhika coomaraswamy , the united nations envoy for children and armed conflict .
he retired from novel writing in his later years but continued to publish short articles .
after announcing his departure , blair defended his record .
the increase in pasta prices is being driven by rising wheat prices worldwide , economists and producers say .
it s a huge honor , it s really exciting , it s a great list of nominees and you ve got to congratulate all of those people .
over the past years , a spate of research has linked it to an impressive and diverse array of potential benefits .
the authors analyzed international surveys of people around the globe going back to the s as well as more than , interviews in countries .
yonhap reports the issuance of the writ for kim gyeong jun signals the start of a high stakes probe of his former business partner , presidential candidate lee myung bak of the conservative opposition grand national party gnp , a month before the december th election .
authorities said tuesday that they did not expect to find any other victims .
annan , the former u . n . secretary general and chief mediator in the process , expressed displeasure .
landscaping practices such as removing brush and leaf litter or creating a buffer zone of wood chips or gravel between forest and lawn or recreational areas , the cdc said .
sir arthur conan doyle famously killed off sherlock holmes , yet brought him back after years of demand from his fans and publishers , said waterstone s wayne winstone . couldn t the same happen for harry potter ?
the hollywood foreign press association presents the golden globes coming sunday , the screen actors guild has the sag awards january , the recording academy gives out the grammys february , and then there s the granddaddy of them all , the academy awards , better known as the oscars february .
when they release the taliban , we will release the hostages , ahmadi said by phone from an undisclosed location .
the lack of any proposal for a rate hike from the central bank s nine policy board members , though widely expected , soothed japanese bond market players , as some feared such a call would stoke speculation of a tightening at their next meeting on july .
the owner of one of the papers to reprint france soir has now sacked its managing editor over the matter .
authorities filed preliminary charges of violent assault against the unnamed man for storming the field and throwing a punch at fandel after he had awarded sweden a late penalty with the scores tied at .
it s on the farm of gunnar ingvarsson , the year old who decided years ago to tap the boiling hot water spewing out of the ground .
there was no confirmation from any iraqi or u . s . officials on the record , and doctors at jordan s king hussein hospital in amman released no information .
attendees included family members of kim gwang cheol , a former north korean soldier , who fled what bush called the clutches of tyranny with his five month pregnant wife , lee kwi ok , and three year old daughter , han mi , seven years ago .
south korea also has about peacekeeping troops in the country , which seoul had already been planning to withdraw by the end of the year .
everything , navarro said , his voice quavering .
the korea times is reporting south korea s overall life expectancy reached years in , up . years from , thanks to improvements in health care and nutrition , and a rising interest in maintaining good health .
india s christians celebrate first woman saint
kennedy waved to the crowd of reporters and onlookers and gave a thumbs up sign before getting into a car .
ken wharfe , who was diana s personal protection officer from to , told a british coroner s inquest that tensions with photographers could have been eased by setting up a brief photo of the princess with her boyfriend , dodi fayed .
amid fierce media criticism in the uk of portuguese police efforts to find the toddler , portugal s ambassador in london , antonio santana carlos , released a statement friday saying , trust the authorities .
the judge ruled that black will serve his sentence in a u . s . prison , not a canadian prison as the defense has requested .
six party talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program are to resume after a year s break , amid us warnings pyongyang is at a fork in the road .
had such a review been conducted , faa would have found or prevented the ambiguity in southwest s maintenance , which southwest has discovered after its own review of its records this week , the committee statement said .
he is expected to spend more than a week at the space station , yonhap said .
they re technically free to vote for whomever they wish , but you can bet obama will come away with enough votes to be sworn in as the th president of the united states in january th .
the children s very vulnerability makes them attractive to the men leading militias , according to jo becker , who has interviewed former child soldiers in sri lanka , nepal , uganda and myanmar for human rights watch .
it scaled back subsidies , increased wages and allowed prices to adjust to their real value , measures some observers have compared to a policy china pursued in the late s when it gradually opened
hillary s son , peter , told the congregation adventure was compulsory growing up in the hillary household . he took us to the most extraordinary places .
in march , the satellites detected a burst of northern lights over alaska and canada .
the race , once known as the paris dakar , was canceled following warnings from the french government about safety after the al qaida linked december slaying of a family of french tourists in mauritania .
they want to send a message that singapore has changed , said christopher wood , clsa s regional strategist .
threats against her , she said , were made by certain people who have gained a lot through dictatorship .
democratic analyst jamal simmons says clinton has reason to look beyond a joint ticket .
we are not optimistic because the israeli side always violates any calm , he said . as palestinians , people and factions , we all support this calm . we just want to live in peace .
fears over pakistan s stability were raised last week when a suicide bombing in karachi , targetting a convoy carrying former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto .
the news about the clouded leopard comes just a few weeks after a wwf report showed that scientists had identified at least new species of animals and plants over the past year on borneo , the world s third largest island that is shared by indonesia , malaysia and brunei .
he is also believed to have spent several years in jemaah islamiyah training camps in the southern philippines .
apple shares are down another this morning on news that steve jobs health issues are more complicated than thought .
the american plans augur the biggest shift in the u . s . troop deployment on south korean soil since the early s , when the two allies coordinated the removal of , u . s . soldiers .
kang insisted that the inter korean maritime border in the west sea should remain intact even though the leaders of the two koreas agreed to set up a special peace and economic area there .
boy , , to face murder charges as father is mourned
earlier , european tour chief executive george o grady had raised hopes about ballesteros health .
the crash site is thought to be between kamchay and bokor mountains in kampot province , about kilometers miles southwest of the capital , phnom penh , according to reports
put down the cell phone !
the dow down another points , or more than so far this morning .
with less than months left in office and his approval ratings near the lows of his presidency , bush is trying to shore up support for the iraq campaign , which has damaged u . s . credibility abroad and is sure to define his legacy .
bags of marijuana weighing four or five pounds would sell for , to , , he said , and a kilogram of cocaine would sell for about , .
three hospital workers have been suspended after they allegedly stole bodies from a morgue at the clinic and tried to sell the remains , officials said sunday .
we began in genesis , and we read all the way through without commentary or comment , to the end .
the vast majority of laid off employees worked in the u . s . about one third at the company s seattle headquarters and the rest in regional field offices . support staff include people who work on marketing , finance , human resources , communications and supply chain management .
with our rapid economic growth , workers are driven to more competition , and sex has become a way of letting off their stress , rather than an expression of love , says koo sung ae , a sex educator .
chinese authorities arrested suspects during a day series of raids that ended on sunday , according to a statement from the ministry of public security .
those endorsements , combined with the delegates he s projected to receive from south dakota s primary , will put him past the , threshold , according to cnn estimates .
namdaemun was more than years old and stood at the center of seoul , having served as a main gate into the capital for centuries .
intelligence sources say the nearly , people who remain holed up inside the mosque are facing a food and water shortage that is making living conditions inside miserable .
but when it comes to delays , cancellations and customer service , it s been awful . the worst summer ever ?
pyongyang s claim that it needs nuclear weapons to counter the threats from the united states is off the mark , president roh moo hyun said yesterday afternoon , according to blue house spokesman , yoon tae young .
chung , , a former television news anchor and unification minister , earlier told reporters he humbly accepted the people s choice . i hope president elect lee myung bak will do a good job for the country .
in fact , the young chimps performed better than older chimps in the new study .
a piece of steel fell and sheared off one of the ties holding the crane in place , causing it to detach and topple , stephen kaplan , an owner of reliance construction group told ap .
more than , people and top government officials including prime minister goh kun and the minister of construction and transportation kang dong suk gathered in front of seoul station to celebrate the opening of the korea train express or ktx .
it is , he says , a piece of art .
it s proof , he argued , that democrats are dead wrong about the war in iraq .
i said , congratulations , oh my goodness and i told my kids , we need to start praying for them .
a restaurant in spain has been named by an international panel of judges as the world s best restaurant for the second year running .
haglund , of farmington hills , michigan , sang over the rainbow and walked a crowd pleasing strut in a black and gold bikini to clinch the title .
when a full fledged midlife crisis comes along , though , nearly all agree that a woman is likely to handle it much better than a man .
county residents unable to get to their designated polling places because of bad weather were given the option of casting provisional ballots tuesday in steubenville , the county seat , at the offices of the board of elections , officials said .
right from the very beginning we were all very concerned about the lack of detail that had gone into the postwar plan , and there is no doubt that rumsfeld was at the heart of that process , cross said in the sunday mirror .
but negotiations faltered over the amount of energy aid the north was demanding in exchange for disarming .
individuals begin breeding dogs at home for profit , shen says .
the greek city state of sparta , who leads his vastly outnumbered men against the persian invaders .
i m winning catholic voters and hispanic voters and blue collar workers and seniors , the kind of people that sen . mccain will be fighting for in the general election , clinton said .
alleged multibillion dollar rogue trader jerome kerviel was freed monday after french authorities preliminarily charged him with abuse of confidence and illegal access to computers .
at least eight people dead and the house left in flames .
chung is currently in the united states on what hyundai executives claim is a regular business trip , although they declined to disclose his schedules and whereabouts . the prosecution thursday said it plans to summon hyundai automotive chairman chung mong koo and his son to question them over allegations about slush funds and illegal wealth transfer .
consider that a daily ticket at aspen this season is junior tickets for tweens and teens are less as well .
sheep skulls and carcasses were found in compost piles , she said .
at least one other profile of wen exists on the site .
superior court commissioner susan speer dismissed the hit and run charge after a lawyer for the pop star said his client had paid an undisclosed amount to a woman whose car was hit in a studio city parking lot .
while the unrest has been small scale , it sent a message to nicolas sarkozy
the main european markets enjoyed a mixed day with paris cac down . percent , frankfurt s dax up . percent and london s ftse up . percent .
the report details the lengths some chinese officials have taken to enforce china s well known one child policy , and says forced relocations went up last year .
denouncing the north korean leadership as an evil regime , undersecretary of state john bolton said that unless the secretive communist state halted its weapons exports and development of weapons of mass destruction it would risk losing what international assistance it was currently receiving .
harry potter star daniel radcliffe gains access to a reported pound million . million fortune as he turns on monday , but he insists the money won t cast a spell on him .
analysts said the data boosted expectations that the federal reserve will cut interest rates still further .
with the owner out of the way , the group allegedly planned to take over the club by using forged documents for a general meeting of stockholders , according to police .
prosecutors have again delayed an announcement of the results of their investigation into the scandal surrounding hwang woo suk , suggesting there were internal differences about the scope of the investigation into the disgraced cloning expert .
president roh moo hyun wednesday expressed concerns that his policy for balanced regional development would be stopped if lee myung bak , the standard bearer of the main opposition grand national party gnp , is elected president .
the poll also indicates that support for the war in iraq has never been lower .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said tuesday international pressure on iran has been effective and may need increasing despite a u . s . intelligence report that tehran stopped work on nuclear weapons fours years ago .
beauty queen ingrid marie rivera beat rivals to become the island s miss universe contestant , despite applying makeup and wearing evening gowns that had been coated with pepper spray , pageant spokesman harold rosario said .
the low birthrate contributes to the problem of an aging population in korea , as shown by statistics on the increasing number of older citizens and the declining number of youth .
it was looted by the nazis from a castle in st . petersburg , russia , after adolf hitler s forces invaded the soviet union in .
steve jobs didn t appear at macworld and bill gates didn t keynote at ces .
general surayud also allegedly rejected a military demand for emergency powers to be restored to curtail growing anti coup protests in the capital bangkok .
the japanese ships are authorized to slaughter up to whales in antarctic waters under the scientific whaling program .
he said five rebels were killed and one member of the iraqi security forces was injured .
immediately upon arrival from sydney where he attended the annual apec forum monday morning , roh accepted the resignation of year old byeon yang kyoon , the senior presidential secretary for policy planning .
officials instead concentrated on supplying food and water to tens of thousands of people at emergency shelters , and others who had decided to ride out the flood on the roofs of their homes , in a bid to discourage looters .
but they are never an it .
the idea of skipping the august opening ceremony is less negative than a general boycott , kouchner said . we are considering it .
what she has worn in the last year has really caused a seismic reaction in the fashion community , and also retailers are depending on her , stephenson said . the choices she has made have set fire to slumps in retail that we ve seen because of the recession .
in this rural setting outside of pottstown , pennsylvania , a woman has made medical history .
it will cost nearly billion over three years to handle the surge in applications created by post september security rules for travel .
but other people remained in custody in the african nation , some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to years .
they came from the lakers kobe bryant at new york s madison square garden .
at the same time , it has dual band wi fi , a feature previously only found on a model aimed at the corporate market .
it wasn t dumped in front of a museum , mansur added . the animal was taken to a visitor center where it will be prepared for an exhibit .
cushing inventories , though , rose . million barrels , their first substantial increase in weeks , and the largest since the end of august .
slim is known for his midas touch in turning around struggling businesses and turning them into profit making machines .
a possible tornado touched down late monday in southern mississippi , slashing through a national guard barracks and injuring guardsmen , according to a sheriff and a military spokesman .
the korea herald reports average birthrate from to in korea was . per person , th lowest among other countries , compared to the average of . in industrialized countries , the united nations population fund said in the report , the state of world population .
botox is best known for minimizing wrinkles by paralyzing facial muscles but botulinum toxin also is widely used for a variety of muscle spasm conditions , such as cervical dystonia or severe neck spasms .
if confirmed , holder will be the first african american to lead the justice department .
but he faced the challenge of winning back the attention of war weary americans more preoccupied with mounting economic troubles and increasingly focused on the race to pick his successor in the november election .
nasdaq is already the second largest share market in the world behind the nyse , last year trading shares worth . trillion versus the nyse s . trillion , according to world federation of exchanges data .
there is a broad consensus within the un that an asian should be the next secretary general , the first since the burmese u thant from to .
in the south korean capital , seoul , thousands were gathered in front of city hall to watch a live telecast of the launch .
the eu delegation is led by the president of the european commission , jose manuel barroso , and prime minister jose socrates of portugal .
jerry bodlander reports , the companies fear they will go under without the help
london , england four times champion roger federer has been installed as top seed for the men s singles at wimbledon next week with justine henin accorded the honor in the women s event .
all schools will be bound to subordinate themselves to the constitution and comply with the new bolivarian educational system , he said , referring to his socialist movement named after south american independence hero simon bolivar .
one good samaritan turned in a phone card worth only cents .
smith s body is being kept under refrigeration at the medical examiner s office in dania beach .
ballesteros , who won a record times on the european tour , won the british open three times and the masters twice before retiring last year after battling back problems .
national guard troops gathered outside the central university of venezuela , the nation s largest and a center for opposition to chavez s government .
the sun said mccartney and shevell were spotted at a sushi restaurant in amagansett and at an outdoor cafe .
in june a truck transporting passengers in the same region flipped over , killing .
critics warn that any laxity one of the major problems in the past in curbing the sex trade will make the laws hollow and not change a national attitude to prostitution as undesirable but an accepted practice .
the may disappearance of the british child made headlines around the world .
the team is scheduled to return wednesday to baghdad , where they will be greeted by government officials and awarded a special gift from the prime minister , jaafar said .
the group spent months planning the attacks , even setting up control rooms in the two hotels targeted , the press trust of india reported , citing union cabinet minister kapil sibal .
the president warned the western nations that tehran will not permit any of its rights to be taken away , by word or by action .
the sale would have to be approved by congress .
a british embassy spokesman in khartoum was quoted as saying the naming of the bear did not cause immediate trouble .
the situation in the stadium is now fine and everything is running smoothly .
appathurai also said thursday that he did not expect nato applicants georgia and ukraine to be put on a membership action plan this summit but , he said , the general sense in terms of membership for the two countries is not whether , but when .
prince karim al husseini , who is the th imam of the isamailis and the th aga khan , is celebrating years as religious leader and visiting kenya the country of his childhood .
miami , florida cnn florida drivers can order more than specialty license plates celebrating everything from manatees to the miami heat , but one now under consideration would be the first in the nation to explicitly promote a specific religion .
the national assembly wednesday ratified agreements that south korea signed with nine rice exporting countries at a plenary session , despite intense protests from the progressive democratic labor party and other lawmakers .
most of the time the corporate travelers are willing to pay more than the tourists , and the tourists kind of get crowded out .
yonhap news agency reports u . s . forces in korea on wednesday held a memorial service for a south korean service member killed a year ago while working on a u . s . led peacekeeping campaign in afghanistan .
schools have to give youngsters this experience because computers are going to be part of their lives for the rest of their lives .
december was also the last time lauterbach s cell phone was used , authorities told the marine corps times .
centre right candidate nicolas sarkozy will face socialist segolene royal in the run off of france s presidential election on may , results indicate .
danielle prater was visiting her aunt when she looked up , saw the flames , and evacuated

australian prime minister john howard called it a very important milestone towards an international deal .
another roll call comes at midnight , when students must go to bed unless they are studying , which they can do for another hour or two .
the u . n . special representative to kosovo , joachim ruecker , said the attacks were unacceptable .
hawking , , who has lou gehrig s disease , will be the first person with a disability to fly on one of the flights offered by zero gravity corp . , a space tourism company .
the four have been among an estimated hostages held in colombia s jungles by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc .
the details were unveiled in a page draft guide that is to be given to all applicants .
the woman thanked harrell and then ran down the street to her mother s house .
but going holes for his th career major made it impossible to play any longer .
the u . s . department of homeland security has assured travelers that the system can handle last minute and emergency requests .
our ed donahue has more on a voluntary recall
she turned , smiled and waved for the crowd of waiting photographers and reporters who were kept well back behind two rows of police barriers .
north korea and japan agreed to discuss the unsolved issue during the sept .
it goes to a reputable court , and they throw it out , he said on the tv show .
one of sen . hillary clinton s top advisers is stepping down after saying sen . barack obama s admission of past drug use would hurt his chances in a general election matchup .
yudhoyono urged residents in coastal areas to move to safer places , and said that rescue teams had been sent to the affected area .
as the storm approached , some , people were evacuated from their homes along guangdong s coastline .
patti solis doyle had faced criticism from clinton loyalists over her handling of the campaign s finances and strategy .
the payroll purge was first reported over the weekend by silicon alley insider , a blog focused on investments in technology and media .
and all the group suggestions will not be binding on airlines or airports anyway .
letting them survive to hatch with beaks they didn t know how to use would have been unethical , helms explained .
berruezo s wife was pregnant at the time and her son , pedro , is now a professional footballer with segunda b side third division ceuta .
there also were reports that electors had been threatened .
gov . tim pawlenty said inspections of the year old bridge in and found no structural defects , but a study conducted by the minnesota department of transportation found several fatigue problems in the bridge s approach spans and poor fatigue details on the main truss .
the big news is the macintosh , said barry jaruzelski , a partner at consulting firm booz allen hamilton .
south korea international park ji sung scored his first goal for manchester united since returning from a knee injury , as the red devils blitzed fulham saturday to shave arsenal s premiership lead to one point .
its ds portable and the wii console are flying off store shelves .
company officials did not immediately return telephone calls from the associated press .
the fda cited as evidence the drink s labeling and web site , which included the statements speed in a can , liquid cocaine and cocaine instant rush .
the number of people may increase sharply that is to say , if we continue as we are going , the number of people in need could increase by percent to percent .
the roundups began may , just days after the two main political parties said they would not cooperate with the military backed caretaker government on organizing the elections .
iphone updates .
white house deputy press secretary tony fratto praised the step , saying , any increase in production in today s oil market is welcome .
that agency has already begun placing limits on the use of water .
events have triggered more detailed planning for the curtailment or closure of access to turkey , one official said .
at the weekend box office
cross party fire this morning over the president s almost state of the union address .
the italian born bruni and sarkozy tied the knot february at the presidential elysee palace .
con artists , charlatans , and megalomaniacs can make it their instrument as effectively as the best ceos , entertainers , and presidents .
warner opposed bush s january decision to send nearly , additional u . s . troops to iraq . but he has so far also opposed democratic efforts to force bush to start bringing u . s . troops home .
they will attempt to iron out lingering differences such as holding another round of reunions of families separated by the war and a joint event for opening two recently completed cross border roadways .
he was arrested and taken into custody .
the conditions cleared in late morning , showing mangled , charred trucks and cars pinned underneath some tractor trailers .
bardot had been convicted four times previously for inciting racial hatred .
lee , jeon and actor song gang ho , who also starred in the film , will hold a press conference on may upon returning to seoul .
schirra died in california , the officials said .
salema s flatbed truck market rolls in weekday mornings , one truck each for fish , fruit and vegetables , plus a five and dime truck for clothing and other odds and ends .
secretary of state condoleezza rice just got back from a troubleshooting mission there , and bush is to return in may .

roh reported his family increased its wealth by million won last year to million won .
nato ships rescued two survivors and spotted three bodies off the coast of a small red sea island monday morning , following a spectacular volcanic eruption the night before , a nato commander said .
but anecdotally , said stephen musso , executive vice president of the aspca , that s what we hear from shelter after shelter big , black dogs just don t get adopted .
reports say that egypt , saudi arabia , qatar , the united arab emirates , kuwait , bahrain pakistan and india , are all experiencing severe problems .
its other awards were supporting actress for catherine zeta jones , and four technical honors including costume design and art direction .
about north korean refugees arrested in crackdowns have been sent back to the north .
but the rev . marcus cosby , the church s pastor , said wright decided to cancel the appearances amid safety concerns .
mugabe , in power since independence from britain in , also mocked one of his critics , roman catholic archbishop pius ncube , saying he needed prayers after being sued for adultery on monday .
the hospital s foundation is paying for the operation because the girl s family could not afford the medical bills , said mamatha .
, private kim hyun jong posted an article about his homosexuality on the online riot police community web site .
melbourne , australia michael phelps of the united states broke his own world record in the men s meters individual medley final to collect his seventh gold medal at the world championships on sunday .
he added also that the situation today is qualitatively different from what it was a few weeks ago .
the united states , however , is now considering unfreezing some of the funds , yonhap news agency reported .
this is malarkey . this is outrageous . outrageous for the president of the united states to go to a foreign country , sit in the knesset . . . and make this kind of ridiculous statement , he said .
winds are heading southwest and fire officials are warning residents to keep an eye on their surroundings .
i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything in response .
london , england cnn british police will take no legal action against grammy award winning singer amy winehouse , who was arrested last week for drug offenses , her spokeswoman said thursday .
brown denied speculation that britain s relationship with the u . s . was cooling .
the fee to check three or more bags , overweight bags or items that require special handling will increase from to or from to , depending on the item , united said in a statement .
no turkish incursion into northern iraq is expected until after erdogan meets with president bush at the white house on november .
the move follows a diplomatic row between australia and indonesia over the issue of refugees .
president of the st .
in unveiling today s images i want that to be the unveiling of a journey for the next five years , said former olympic champion sebastian coe , head of the london organizing committee , at a press conference .
but a south korean official , quoted on condition of anonymity by all news cable channel , ytn , said it appeared to be an accident .
we ll subpoena them if necessary .
some traders attributed the sudden jump to news of a minor blast early thursday that damaged a military recruiting station in times square .
votes are being counted in the thai general election , as early indications suggest abstentions outnumbered votes for the prime minister in some areas .
an unknown number of dogs and cats died .
indeed , understanding what causes a beak to develop the way it does could shed light on human craniofacial development , helms said .
the u . s . department of justice fined ba million pound
blunt accused democrats of wasting time on a bill that would never become law .
vienna , austria cnn iran s leaders agreed to answer all remaining questions about their country s past nuclear activities within four weeks in talks with the u . n . s chief nuclear inspector , his spokeswoman said sunday .
the not so wild pig had been raised on an alabama farm and was sold to the lost creek plantation just four days before it was shot there in a acre fenced area , the animal s former owner said .
march th through the st is national inhalant and poison awareness week , and people who would like to get more information about that , they can go to www . inhalants . net .
firefighters were spread thin as new fires popped up and existing ones raced through the countryside
ac milan set up a repeat champions league final showdown against liverpool when they brushed aside manchester united on wednesday to complete a win on aggregate .
her husband also said friday he was frustrated by the red tape he had to fight to get authorities to launch a search for his wife more than a week after she disappeared .
dean is expected to hit central mexico on wednesday after crossing the bay .
justine henin , jelena jankovic , svetlana kuznetsova , ana ivanovic , serena williams , anna chakvetadze and daniela hantuchova also will play in the november event at the madrid arena .
as a result , it is expected to be completed in late february the inauguration of the next government is slated for feb .
the seoul government is currently pushing to regain wartime military command by .
the spider man series has maintained a high level of consistency throughout .
the office of vice president is the most important office in the land
but experts do not know why the cracks would have appeared because there have been no earthquakes reported in the area recently , romero said .
also sunday , two u . s . soldiers with multi national division baghdad were killed in separate bombings and two others were wounded , the military said .
it s scary that so many people are still so ignorant of what causes hiv aids , said marty algaze , a spokesman for the gay men s health crisis .
the ministry strike was part of a series of israeli airstrikes on gaza in retaliation for the rocket attack .
sharonov said those who remain in the cave told penza officials during negotiations that they would come out by the russian orthodox easter , on april .
details of the fossils appear in thursday s issue of the journal nature .
it s easy to lose games , we had to stay compact and concentrate .
the campaigns have spent an estimated billion over the past twenty plus months , and now we are inside the last two days of campaigning before tuesday s election .
former president kim dae jung urged seoul to pursue another inter korean summit by august regardless of what happens with north korea s nuclear arms program .
chae dong wook , a senior prosecutor , said lee gang won had been questioned over alleged irregular activities during the sale of the bank in august .
she also asked people to go to her web site to share your thoughts with me and help in any way that you can .
around the world , grazing rights are increasingly endangered by modern development , officials said .
bombers attacked her convoy after her arrival , killing at least of her supporters .
finance minister han duck soo on wednesday made it clear that the government will not adopt regulations concerning the makeup of boardrooms at local banks .
a recent survey showed more than nine out of retail pharmacists didn t know they could be dispensing drugs not yet approved by the fda .
sydney district court judge peter zahra ended the trial tuesday for two men facing drugs conspiracy charges .
senator hillary clinton claimed a come from behind victory in new hampshire s democratic primary late tuesday , edging out her senate colleague , barack obama , after placing third in the iowa caucuses .
both hijackers eventually surrendered to turkish authorities .
a new theme park inspired by the work of th century novelist charles dickens aims to transform a vast warehouse near london into a teeming and family friendly corner of victorian england .
under the practice , infertile couples are matched with local women to carry babies for , to , .
bush also said that despite harsh criticism at the time , the federal government responded well to hurricane katrina and the flooding of new orleans , louisiana , in .
there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage from either the earthquake or the aftershock , according to greek media , which said the quake could be felt as far south as the island of crete .
we need to have a good political environment in order to sustain our economic development , said one of the participants , year old businessman michael hui .
luria says if the problem is in between minor and life threatening , it could well be worth the trip to the children s hospital .
calva also is being investigated in the mutilation killings of
he says it reminds him of groundhog day , the american film in which a man trapped in time has to live the same day over and over .
kang met with reporters over lunch yesterday , saying he was looking forward to the day when korea exchange bank s controlling shareholder , lone star funds of the united states , puts the bank on the market again . .
the local market was closed wednesday for liberation day .
the iowa contest could prove decisive in the tight democratic contest .
the statement said that , people had been arrested since the crackdown started and nearly were still in custody .
a dismaying number of managers don t know how to read a balance sheet or a profit and loss statement .
but it is also in argentina where fans have produced one of the greatest spectacles in football history .
i want to keep forever this racquet , he said .
those numbers are even worse for obama than in west virginia one week ago , where percent of clinton voters said they would back him in the fall .
worst of all are the u . s . media , cowed by the fearsome israeli lobby , with commentators and anchors spinning distorted reports about crossfire and palestinian violence that eliminate the fact that israel is in military occupation and that palestinians are fighting it .
he said the vote will take place before january but he would not say when the state of emergency would end .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon s remarks sunday produced a storm of rebuke after he said french jews were under threat by the nation s much larger muslim community and should leave .
atlanta , georgia cnn when your child has an emergency , you want a hospital with child sized medical equipment , pediatricians who are right there or at least minutes away , and little things like cartoons in the examining room .
she said the ad was painted on the field without proper permission and that the council would take legal action if it was not removed .
the two leg tie will be played in february and milan must decide on their squad selection by the end of january when the transfer window closes .
light , sweet crude for august delivery rose cents to . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midday in singapore .
regardless of how the other person plays , you have to play to your strengths , said roddick . if you start playing someone else s game obviously it s not going to work as well .
this is a test we cannot afford to fail , rice said .
it s midweek of super bowl and two question marks remain
she is doing well and is visiting with friends in her room , drake said in a written statement issued sunday night .
israel has announced a daily timeout from the fighting in gaza , giving relief workers time to move in humanitarian supplies and medical workers , time to move out the dead and wounded as at this un school that came under attack
the average number of family members has also dropped , pointing to a growing number of nuclear families in the country .
the year old billionaire had publicly repeated that he was not a candidate for president in recent months , while leaving open the option that he could become one .
online use that put kids at the highest risk for unwanted exposure to pornography was using file sharing programs to download images .
right now , mccain seems full of energy in tampa , and the ap s warren levinson is covering it live .
shares of apple surged more than initially after hours but then slipped as much as .
we ve had a steady stream of patients every day , but the last hours has brought about triple the number of cases , dr . erik fosse told cnn . so this day has been extremely busy .
two people were killed and eight others were wounded sunday in continued clashes there .
tokyo , japan cnn police evacuated dozens of residents after poisonous fumes escaped from an apartment where a man killed himself by inhaling a detergent laced gas , authorities said wednesday .
the report is seen as significant as the court may only prosecute if sudan has not provided justice for victims .
winehouse , , has built her reputation on a soulful voice and a hard partying image .
opinion polls show the iraq conflict is deeply unpopular among australians .
a u . s . nuclear negotiator said late last week that the next round of talks would begin in beijing the morning of dec .
world number one roger federer stepped up his bid for an australian open title hat trick on thursday when he swept aside french veteran fabrice santoro to reach the third round .
obama leads sen . hillary clinton in states won , in delegates pledged and in the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses held .
i can t believe it . it is just frantic the way they are trying to push and pressure and bully all these superdelegates to come out , clinton said at a south dakota campaign stop sunday , in remarks first reported by abc news .
let s get the breaking news from the pentagon and ap national security correspondent sager meghani
it also said the iraqi police force was ineffective and should be scrapped .
the hunt for neil began three years ago when german police discovered about online photographs of a man sexually abusing children .
hensley said that when holyoake made his british race remark it was only because the notion of new zealand citizenship at that stage was only five years old .
more than , passengers rode trains to and from work every day last year , the newspaper reported .
hewitt won the u . s . open in and wimbledon the following season and was the youngest man in history to finish a year ranked number one in the world .
it predicted more foreign investment , more korean exports to the world s largest market , additional liberalization and globalization of the korean economy .
double burials from the neolithic are unheard of , and these are even hugging .
without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , grahame madge , a conservation spokesman for the rspb , told cnn .
community leaders across the country are wondering who s going to help with the chicken supper , who s going to sponsor the memorial day parade , now that more than , general motors dealers are learning they re losing their franchises
rctv , which has been broadcasting for years , is slated to be off the air at midnight . it will be replaced by a state run station .
larger states like california and florida , who previously held their primaries later on in the process , have now moved their elections forward .
researchers say they have created a transgenic mouse with muscles like a marathoner , capable of enduring rigorous exercise for extended periods of time .
the joong ang ilbo reports the south korean army announced that zayituun soldiers who will be sent to iraq recently decided to withdraw their voluntary applications for deployment .
more than people , half of them police , were injured in the late night clashes , officials and medics said .
the figure is up from deaths by the drug s manufacturer , anglo swedish pharmaceutical giant astrazeneca .
singapore should not be hypocritical , pretending to care for energy savings and the environment and then coming up with a wasteful , has been event like the f .
there was one other death in enterprise and one fatality in wilcox county , where a number of homes were destroyed , richardson said .
on average , mexican inmates earn the minimum wage of pesos a day . , half what free workers along the border make .
each member will have five minutes to speak ahead of vote .
clinton , obama s rival for the democratic presidential nomination , and her husband , former president clinton , have suggested a joint clinton obama ticket with obama in the second slot .
created in the wake of the september attacks , the program was approved by congress as part of the homeland security act on november , .
afghan government negotiators were in the qarabagh district of ghazni province where the koreans were seized and tribal elders were mediating with the group of around taliban kidnappers , he said .
in larger packages , the major royal mail sorting offices since the s have deployed x ray scanners to detect suspicious battery powered objects before they could reach their intended target .
the deadly bombing in samarra was the second this weekend in the shiite holy city , about miles kilometers north of baghdad in salaheddin province .
on wall street to the first half hour , the dow industrial s down points .
in the midst of the devastation , china s central government has announced it will allocate billion , or billion yuan , for the country s reconstruction fund , according to state media .
on saturday , when china s premier wen jiabao gave united nation secretary general ban ki moon a dramatic look at the damage , a strong aftershock shook the town they were in .
officials said the decline of , visitors in cut revenues by nearly . million below levels a blow to a nation that has turned to tourism to generate much of its hard currency revenue .
water and soil conservation measures are reviewed , and biodiversity and worker safety are also considered .
the suit seeks unspecified damages for acts it alleges were meant to emotionally destroy the pearl family and terrorize , appall and frighten american citizens .
but the saga , which began earlier this year , won t be over until the consortium declares its offer unconditional , expected by friday .
bush and other top u . s . officials have grown impatient with bashir s reluctance to stop attacks by arab militias widely believed to be supported by the government .
the white house did not say where the first lady will undergo the procedure .
the fbi said monday it has also obtained a federal warrant for laurean s arrest on charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution .
nadal is headed for a fourth round clash with lleyton hewitt who staged a typical fightback from two sets down to beat former champion gaston gaudio of argentina to advance to the third round .
hostages whom the rebel group recently freed said she is in poor health , and other reports have said she began a hunger strike february , the sixth anniversary of her captivity . so , you who lead farc , you now have a date with history , sarkozy warned .
top u . s . nuclear negotiator christopher hill expressed hope the move would allow north korea to meet saturday s deadline to halt work at its main nuclear reactor .
i would say it is my intention to lead thailand out of the current crisis , to bring unity back to the country , to make our economy recover , welcome back foreign investors and tourists , he said .
so what is the deal with all the borrowing necessary to make the budget work ?
the ap s tony wittenberg reports that charlie crist may have a leg up on possible opponents
south korean president roh moo hyun is expected to announce considerable financial support to the north , in both aid and direct investment .
so we have to prepare our own program , regarding the security on the korean peninsula , and discuss it with the u . s .
sources fear the outrageous abuse of foreign business executives by the prosecution will further dampen flagging foreign investment in korea .
and now it shoots in hd .
obama , who represents illinois in the u . s . senate , declared his candidacy for the democratic presidential
normally noisy , bustling rustaveli avenue was quiet .
a day after northwest airlines announced it was scaling back domestic flights , delta air lines did the same wednesday announcing a percent cut for the second half of .
tsvangirai led mugabe in the march election , but failed to win enough votes to avoid a runoff .
among the eight nominations for no country for old men , the coens had four .
the album was driven by the group s cover of slade s cum on feel the noize , which hit the top .
in many cases , the areas in the inner city where they live , they migrated to them within a generation ago .
in the last months , kampusch has been transformed into a media personality , appearing on television shows around the world .
it s like three card monte but without the cheating .
according to kuwait s constitution , elections must be held within days of dissolving parliament .
largely peaceful demonstrations against the summit deteriorated into battles between riot police and protesters that continued into early monday .
butler sloss had originally intended to hear evidence alone , but mohamed al fayed , dodi fayed s father , appealed that decision to a higher court and a three judge panel ruled a jury should deliver the verdict .
chung was the target of an investigation into allegations that he masterminded the collection of a multi billion won cash hoard over the last five years , of which a large sum was spent on the eve of the presidential election .
the summit between the leaders of south korea and the united states later this week is expected to become a major litmus test of alliance relations , as washington has been making a series of requests on outstanding issues of mutual concern .
until the past decade , the mauve stinger has rarely been spotted so far north in british or irish waters , and scientists cite this as evidence of global warming .
america must find another way to show its affection and love for the kosovan albanians , without offering them serb territories , kostunica told serbian national television . serbia is rightfully outraged at the american policies on the issue of kosovo .
our jim milatello is there
hong kong and singapore stood at st and th place , respectively , while china remained unchanged at st place .
the main u . s . envoy on the north korea nuclear issue , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , has said he believes the north s nuclear facilities could be completely disabled by the end of the year and that he expected a complete declaration of its atomic programs within months .
sao paulo , brazil cnn an executive jet crashed into a heavily populated neighborhood of sao paulo on sunday , killing at least eight people and leaving a pile of smoky rubble just months after the city suffered the nation s deadliest air disaster .
not wanting to take any undue risks the intelligence service has decided to intervene at a very early stage in order to interrupt the planning and the actual assassination , the statement by jakob scharf , the agency s director general , said .
the u . s . expects hard bargaining at upcoming talks aimed at getting north korea to abandon its nuclear program , washington s chief negotiator in the talks said wednesday .
the chaos was caused by a boeing british airways flight from beijing making a crash landing at p . m .
we are conducting the investigation in a very objective manner .
neither does the arab and israeli leadership , even though they are likely to cobble up another interim agreement .
seoul national university closed down professor hwang woo suk s research lab on sunday as it began a probe into his stem cell research , school officials said yesterday .
the vote is now scheduled to take place in may to allow hearings on new allegations against him .
mulford said one potential issue for regulus customers was that improperly updated computers in financial services companies could register deposits or other transactions on the wrong day , if being one hour off made them miss some daily cut off point .
encouraged by a recent verdict by the fair trade commission ftc , humor university , a domestic web site said it will file a suit against google with the court .
that country s minister of defense and technology told china central television in july all was ready for a launch by the end of the year , ap reported .
britain plans to give responsibility for basra province to iraqi forces in mid december , relinquishing the last of four regions of southern iraq it occupied after the invasion .
police probing the deadly shootings at virginia tech university have criticized the decision of us network nbc to show footage of the killer .
sen . hillary clinton , meanwhile , leads mccain among women , percent to percent .
the water rushes down the hills , eroding the loose soil and flowing into rivers and lakes , such as the mirror like dal lake in central srinagar , which is becoming overgrown with weeds and sludge .
saimon had three guns , including the mm semiautomatic tech and a small caliber handgun , mccracken said .
the restaurant used swastikas on its signs and menus .
the egyptian security official , speaking to ap on condition of anonymity , said merchants often use small boats to try to sell cigarettes and other items to ships transiting the suez canal .
police said most of victims were local people , but also included several of sherpao s police bodyguards . they said they were struggling to identify several of the badly mutilated bodies .
republican huckabee , the former governor of arkansas , supported the war at the start and now supports gen . david petraeus strategy of cautiously reducing troops levels only as security improves .
we were going to celebrate that i ve been losing weight for two years and that it was my girlfriend s birthday , uribe said in a telephone interview .
the reported firings came a day after the seoul government pulled of its diplomats from an industrial park the two countries operate in north korea .
kinney said she dreads the conversation that s coming .
outside the school , scores of israeli men gathered from surrounding neighborhoods , demanding justice for the attack .
on the other hand , rocket attacks continue this morning into israel .
results showed that the vaccine was percent effective .
in addition there will be further limiting on the hamas government in a way that will limit the transferring of goods to gaza , reducing the supply of electricity and fuel and will limit the movement of people in and out of gaza .
the youth died after he scaled two foot fences around the batman roller coaster ride , said a statement issued by park spokeswoman hela sheth .
friday is a spanish holiday .
clinton s remarks echoed her monday comments to the editorial board of the philadelphia daily news .
in neighboring uruzgan province s chora district home to more than , people fighting continued between nato and afghan forces and militants who attacked police posts in the province s main town on saturday .
at the same time , the militant group has set a fresh deadline , the seventh of its kind since its kidnapping of koreans on july , on the lives of the abductees believed to be held in small groups in different locations .
parents groups are horrified that the game is taking off in britain , fearing it could send the wrong message about eating disorders and plastic surgery to young girls
and one of the people watching was craig kallman , chairman and ceo of atlantic records .
he still fails to acknowledge that he was wrong .
gates , who opened the rd annual comdex trade show , said there was a negative perception of high tech following the collapse of the tech bubble about two years ago .
the declining dollar also means bmw and other foreign automakers likely will start buying locally for more of the parts used by their u . s . plants , he said .
but it s not something you can pack up and put in your rucksack . it s not a portable framework , he said .
a scientist at the tokyo research institute in charge of the plans , who felt that burning all copies would be regrettable , handed the papers secretly to kazuo kuroda , a special assistant to the institute .
about of respondents to a mainichi newspaper survey said the next premier should not visit the shrine .
late afternoon in singapore , light , sweet crude for july delivery was down cents at . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange .
the home side opened the scoring in the nd minute .
i just want to thank all the german people who helped me on the course , their support made a huge difference .
when framing the question differently , the study found that you are percent more likely to be happy if a direct connection is happy , percent if the friend of a friend is happy , and percent if it s a friend of a friend of a friend .
this helps explain why falling in love can make someone all of a sudden seem sexy .
defense lawyers say moussaoui s life should be spared because of his limited role in the attacks , evidence of mental illness , and because his execution would only fulfill his dream of martyrdom .
former us president gerald ford has died aged .
the afghan government has ruled out a prisoner swap and has urged the taliban to release the women being held .
six nation talks on north korea s nuclear program are to resume on december th , chinese officials say .
the satellite is designed to last years , the agency said .
a treasury department fact sheet says the goal is getting private investors from insurance companies to hedge funds ? to bid on the debt lowered by low cost government loans and limits on lawsuits .
newman and her team of researchers have just unveiled a promising new prototype called the biosuit
the coast guard had difficulty in mounting search operations due to high seas .
the year old computer engineering student faces an expulsion hearing tuesday before the engineering faculty appeals committee .
he died monday , which coincided with holocaust remembrance day .
a front page article in the financial times yesterday reporting that the bank of korea had decided no longer to intervene in foreign currency markets jolted trading in the korean won and led the bank to issue a quick statement to clarify the story .
the title of the long awaited fourth installment of the adventure series was announced by shia labeouf , who co stars with ford in the film , at the mtv video music awards in las vegas on sunday .
the democratic presidential candidates are criss crossing pennsylvania this week , dropping in at gas stations and truck stops to convince voters they ve got the best plan to tackle soaring gas prices and big oil profits .
the lawsuit , filed in state supreme court in manhattan , also names cbs president and ceo leslie moonves , viacom inc . , viacom chairman sumner redstone and former cbs news president andrew heyward .
most of these people were seeking jobs for the first time .
a mother of three , she wears light makeup , a gold pendant of iraq around her neck , and an unexpected air of elegance about her .
will biometrics measure up to the future ?
then , while interviewing a member of the class of for an unrelated alumni magazine story , ruic asked dr . maryellen amato stratmann if she d ever been to mauritius .
israeli military says they have surrounded gaza city
miller , , had been found guilty of rape , robbery , aggravated kidnapping and aggravated battery even though he testified he was at home watching television at the time of the attack .
with forecasters predicting that hurricane force winds will continue until later in the week , thousands more homes could be at risk .
the tea fire which started at the privately owned tea garden estate , about a mile north of santa barbara s westmont college , ripped through an area that oprah winfrey , michael douglas , rob lowe and other celebrities call home .
media also said basso was expected to hold a news conference on tuesday .
we decided to raid keb to investigate dubious deals surrounding the sale of the bank in , prosecutor chae dong wook said during a media briefing .
the korea herald reports that , in his first public address on the korea u . s . alliance since last week s presidential election in the united states , foreign minister ban ki moon reiterated the need for seoul and washington to stand side by side in a horizontal relationship .
his interim administration is struggling to impose its authority on the anarchic horn of africa nation .
an all american sign of the recession
the girl was taken by ambulance to a hospital to be checked out , according to district magistrate mukesh kumar meshram .
like their wireline cousins , including mobile phones , pdas , and laptops hooked up to wireless local area networks .
i think i can appeal not only to our republican base , but to independent voters , mccain told reporters after a rally in the milwaukee suburb of brookfield .
after two parliamentary hearings , the main opposition grand national party yesterday voiced its strong opposition to president roh moo hyun s choice of candidates to fill the posts of unification and foreign minister .
heston was also known for his political activism .
british prime minister gordon brown is meeting today with troops in afghanistan
we ve been through the depression , when the economy seemed moribund , and since then through a world war , when the economy was completely geared to war production .
cnn thousands of police are expected to protect the olympic torch as it makes its run through paris in a few hours .
news media , including the associated press , initially used the masculine pronoun .
it s my dream and my hope that someday in my lifetime , hopefully this year , we ll see a major breakthrough , said carter , who met with al zahar and seyam after talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak .
some flights from taipei and kaohsiung , the two biggest cities in taiwan , were either postponed or cancelled .
merrill lynch co . inc . took a . billion writedown in the third quarter due to bad mortgage bets , well exceeding its initial estimates and raising questions about the bank s future leadership .
the talks are expected to discuss ways of implementing a joint statement agreed in september , in which north korea agreed to give up its nuclear ambitions in return for security guarantees , aid and other benefits .
between and sars cases have come from amoy gardens , which is located in kowloon bay , a government spokeswoman said sunday night , using customary anonymity .
he said he met with the azerbaijan president on wednesday .
the actor s case was part of a sprawling mumbai bombings trial that has dragged on for years .
you re trying to do a tap dance on his political grave , the president said . blair said he was proud to stand shoulder to shoulder beside the u . s . since the september , , terror attacks
since reliable records began in the s , no hurricane has ever formed so far east before august , nasa reports .
this and other provisions would place freedom and democracy in iraq at grave risk , embolden our enemies and undercut the administration s plan to develop the iraqi economy , the white house said in a statement before the vote .
they say the virus is growing more slowly than expected in the lab .
the rally was sparked by hopes that a government plan to rescue bond insurers will prevent huge credit losses .
it is the sixth cut in the past six months and comes at a time when the fed is trying to keep the u . s . economy from slipping into recession although many think it s already entered one .
the time has now come to change from military rule to democratic civilian rule , official announcements on state radio and television said .
while the show s sprawling alien mythology isn t part of the plot , carter said there is a reference to scully s seemingly supernatural son , william , who was born in season eight and later given up for adoption .
although lincoln s emancipation proclamation had declared freedom for all slaves held in areas in rebellion against the united states as of january , , full abolition of slavery was not accomplished until adoption of the th amendment to the constitution late in .
the comment came earlier wednesday when wxyz reporter peggy agar asked obama at a campaign stop , how are you going to help the american auto workers ?
lee myung bak , who takes office on february , will merge the unification ministry with the foreign ministry .
the u . s . department of state warns of an ongoing threat to kidnap and assassinate u . s . citizens . . . throughout the country .
brown himself is not required to attend .
firefighters had to break an opening in the back of the store to allow one of the workers out of the burning building , riley said .
and jeong jang both finished with s in the eight player shootout .
george w bush said yesterday that the u . s . will not be intimidated by such barbaric acts , and south korea should not be intimidated either .
no matter how good the tourniquet is , if you can t get it on the person at the right time , it doesn t work , said rose , who does tactical medicine consultation and medical work overseas .
it s still far , and that means we still have time to conduct preparedness , cruz
i have been pursued many times , kidman said . i have had this happen in relation to this particular man . . . so many times .
it looks like mccain has convinced growing numbers of americans that his policies would be different than bush .
shortly after taking office last month , the ppp led coalition government ordered the release of all the judges , but the two leaders had disagreed over how the judges would be restored to office .
ed schrecengost , a former indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son s wedding reception , urging the guests to leave . it s about as dangerous as you can get , schrecengost told cnn affiliate wpxi .
during the beijing talks , u . s . officials said north korea also claimed it had reprocessed , spent nuclear fuel rods a key step in producing nuclear weapons that could yield several more bombs within months .
alan arkin won the best supporting actor oscar for his role as grandpa in little miss sunshine .
they are mostly engineers and doctors working to help in the rehabilitation of the kurdish region .
islamabad , pakistan cnn two suspects arrested last week confessed to a pakistani judge wednesday that they helped arm the suicide bomber blamed for assassinating benazir bhutto , an interior ministry spokesman told cnn .
the husband of hostage ingrid betancourt vowed wednesday to plunge off into jungle villages to hunt for clues to her situation following the failure of government backed effort to aid her .
villarosa also said about percent of the buildings in the region were destroyed when cyclone nargis battered the area late friday into saturday .
to ensure the supply of domestic oil products and the promotion of energy conservation , the state decided to properly increase the prices of oil products , the ndrc said .
before wednesday s decision by new york , only a county in new jersey had tied a death to exposure to world trade center dust .
lafave , , pleaded guilty in november to having sex with a year old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation .
the association presented a written opinion to rep .
the united nations says about , people live in the tent camps , and another , stay with relatives or in makeshift shelters in ingushetia .
kenya s rival politicians have signed a peace deal to end the violent post election crisis in which hundreds died .
i ve got to get fans out of my life
berry told oprah winfrey on her show last year that playing a mother in her latest movie , things we lost in the fire , helped convince her that motherhood was for her .
although experts aren t exactly sure , they theorize that these fluctuations may be similar to sympathy pains that individuals feel when someone they re close to is hurting .
she birdied the th hole to take the lead , then parredputtbogey on the final hole gave her a over and a one shot win over sorenstam .
moulder expressed his deep condolences to the family , and said the company was checking reports that it had been warned muliaga needed power for the oxygen machine .
president viktor yushchenko blamed his cabinet for not doing enough to reform coal mining and ordered an official panel to investigate the accident and bring those responsible to account .
the victims are often scapegoats for someone else s unexplained death , and bands of tribesmen collude to mete out justice to them for their supposed magical powers , police said .
residents of a western pennsylvania neighborhood can return home sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before .
fromong said simpson walked in with several companions , two of whom leveled guns at the people in the room . the other victim , alfred beardsley , told tmz . com that simpson later called him to apologize and said he regretted the incident .
we are pleased with how we played but disappointed with the result .
the united states named hekmatyar a specially designated global terrorist in .
a decade after diana s death , camilla is charles s second wife , william and harry s stepmother , and an established member of the royal family .
for example , a treatment using hot stones , linen wraps and cool aromatherapy cloths was inspired by a powhatan indian sweathouse ritual .
that could bring locally heavy rainfall to a good portion of south central and central portions of the united states , and possibly enhance some of the snowfall , making it very heavy across portions of colorado .
the club hopes revisions to the bulldog standards will make the dogs healthier without drastically changing their classic look .
chaudhry , who was reinstated to the court in july , has led key rulings that have weakened musharraf s grip on power .
mike don , lear , death of a salesman , i ve done all sorts but , particularly during the days of hill street blues , i ll be known as sarge , haha , which is alright .
turnout has been brisk in iraq
marcos de souza , director of the posse hospital in nova iguacu , said more than people were taken to the hospital for treatment .
the ceo is announcing the cuts at a town hall meeting with employees , as the banking giant struggles to steady itself after suffering massive losses in the financial meltdown .
in midtown new york the vacancy level is lower and rents generally higher , although in real terms rents will remain lower than years ago .
that is the dream we hold in our hearts , obama said .
that won t work if he mates with an year old grandmother .
bush made the stop in iraq while en route to australia , where he s scheduled to attend the apec summit .
in addition , it said , people were wounded in the attack , including five u . s . citizens two service members and three contract employees .
under the feb . agreement , the north is to ultimately give up its nuclear arsenal in exchange for economic aid and political concessions .
in his first comments on the latest hostage case , karzai condemned the kidnapping , but did not say whether any deal might be possible .
there s an urgency to get this done , the official said , in referring to the administration s new security plan for iraq . implementation and execution are critical now .
the incident at spears home lasted several hours .
winston recommended a truly off the beaten track destination , a secret beach just a minute drive from rivers .
u . s . officials believe al qaeda and taliban fighters train in these camps for targeted attacks in afghanistan , bergen said .
jakarta , indonesia cnn hundreds of people burned a mosque monday in the west java province of indonesia , police said .
the animated film that would come on television that i could not wait to see , and it was a family event , was the hobbit .
premium bird seed imported from india has hit an all time high , after january rain storms wiped out of the niger crop ?
research suggests that the degree of loneliness that any two people feel in a particular situation may vary widely , partly because of genetics .
the community loved it as most of the sex workers chew paan , sanjeev gaikwad was quoted as saying at the launch in mumbai .
another belgian company , living tomorrow , predicts that as we become increasingly able to work from home , workplaces will spend more time unoccupied .
along with photos of previous winners and past globe soirees , the program included welcome letters from los angeles mayor antonio villaraigosa and california gov . arnold schwarzenegger , himself a globe winner for best acting debut with s stay hungry .
whether yours might be one of them is well worth knowing .
the national day commemorates march , , when muslims in what was then part of india adopted a resolution to establish a homeland of their own .
a suicide bomber wearing an explosives vest killed people and wounded eight others near baghdad s shiite dominated sadr city neighborhood , a local police official said .
iran s u . n . ambassador mohammad khazee told the council just before the vote that the government would not comply with the unlawful action against its peaceful nuclear program .
the gnp has a total of , delegates nationwide .
it wasn t until firefighters flushed about gallons of water through the to inch pipe enough to wet the kitten s paws and the feline rushed into the hands of firefighter kevin siers , who was standing inside a manhole .
the chief economist of standard and poor s david wyss tells the ap there will be dramatic up days and down days for a while and you could get caught in the buying .
the girl is shown in a sex video thought to have been made sometime between january and may , officials said .
a real estate group says home prices fell in nearly out of every us cities in the first months of the year , as first time home buyers dominated the market .
a majority of debate watchers think sen . barack obama won the third and final presidential debate , according to a national poll conducted right afterward .
it is my hope to move as rapidly as possible to a significantly smaller force , the presumptive republican presidential nominee said at the university of denver .
the nisshin maru left japan in november for a six month whaling expedition in the antarctic as part of a scientific whaling program conducted within the rules of the iwc .
police reinforcements were searching for the escapees in darkness , he said .
the police said saturday that dna testing by the national institute of scientific investigation showed the two dead babies found in the refrigerator of the french resident s house in sorae village were his sons .
kim said the prosecutor in question , baek yong ha , and other prosecutors in the chain of command at the seoul eastern district prosecutors office will be questioned .
now , after much internal debate , nato has begun declassifying and posting top secret combat video on youtube and other web platforms to try and beat the taliban at its own game .
the government s institutional foundations are hollow from decades of neglect and corruption and will continue to make the country susceptible to recurring crises in coming years , mcconnell said .
the eruption amounted to a level red the institute s most severe designation for volcanoes but authorities told caracol radio that darkness made it difficult to gauge precisely what had happened .
stations still send out analog signals , but most now transmit hd digital signals as well .
i am absolutely against the relocation of administrative capital , but i think that public officials should not be involved in political activities , lee myung bak said in front of lawmakers .
the answers seem to be maybe not , probably not , and unclear .
there s almost billion in unclaimed money from old payroll checks , utility refunds , trust distributions , stocks , banking or checking accounts , certificates of deposit and the contents of safe deposit boxes , according to estimates by the national association of unclaimed property administrators .
the prosecution however claims there is no evidence to suggest that orders came to use dogs in this way .
governments must stop granting the aviation industry the unfair privileges that allow this to happen by taxing aviation fuel and including emissions from aviation in international agreements to tackle climate change , dyer said .
phosphorus compounds are chiefly used in fertilizers , although they are important components of pesticides , toothpaste , detergents as well as explosives and fireworks .
seconds later , the video shows what appears to be a tire mark on the unidentified paparazzo s sock .
however , she saved that with an ace and the american put her next service return into the net .
about , fishing boats have been recalled to port and holidays for emergency workers have been cancelled , state media reports .
the new online store will sell plus items , about percent of what s available at the chicago shop .
lawmakers say they want to tighten restrictions on the other half of the money before it s handed out .
undp lawmaker kim hyun mee , who serves as a spokeswoman for chung , told reporters that the former seoul mayor may be indicted .
in a statement earlier this month , the council said it strongly deplores the use of violence against peaceful demonstrations in myanmar and it called on the junta to work towards a dialogue with suu kyi .
we don t believe anybody was roughed up , but there were firearms involved in the commission of the robbery , nichols said .
the un resolution demands that north korea suspend its ballistic missile program , and bars un member states from supplying north korea with material related to missiles or weapons of mass destruction .
the victim , wei wenhua , the manager of a construction company in tianmen city , was driving by and stopped to film the confrontation on his mobile phone .
chrysler vice chairman jim press says , if one automaker collapses , they ll all go down , and they could pull the economy with them .
meanwhile , the top u . s . commander in charge of troops in northern iraq says that a coalition troop presence will be needed in his region over the next year and a half .
cao is expected to meet his newly installed counterpart , masahiko komura , and inspect japanese self defense force troops .
kelly also faces a life sentence if convicted , and smith county prosecutors hope for another swift verdict .
there were elbows flying and black plastic hangers swinging perilously around metal racks .
initial reports indicated the crash was not the result of enemy fire , the military said .
the main suspect in the operation is a tunisian who was arrested in during a separate antiterrorism operation , police said .
at least of those protesters were arrested by swedish police .
hundreds of thousands of immigrants in the united states have joined a day of nationwide action to protest against proposed immigration reform .
it could be , if you re wearing an m dress
this week , of the world s finest musicians will clear their diaries and fly to jerusalem for a rare performance of the world orchestra for peace .
los angeles , california cnn agent still has all of his digits .
brand resigns as bbc takes action over abusive broadcast
bhutto was traveling in a bulletproof vehicle , and had handpicked the head of her security detail , he said .
chinese authorities have not yet commented on the report .
a trial has begun of people who are accused of involvement in a slave labor scandal in illegal mines and brick factories in northern communist china .
they play getafe in the king s cup final and are still in contention for the primera liga title .
house senate negotiators finally reached an agreement this week after democrats worked out a provision satisfying gop demands that people who report what they in good faith believe to be terrorist activity around planes , trains and buses be protected from lawsuits .
it really didn t rub me the right way .
but the families see the checks not the real money . for them , they will be sure of being paid only when they bring checks to the bank and cash them .
providing fuel in return for locally produced goods or services has been an option for some time under venezuela s current petrocaribe pact , which supplies oil to the region through long term , low interest financing .
the portable toilets trucked in were of the style used widely in asia , but rarely in the west .
wall street is extending its rally , as reports on housing and construction show improvement for march pending home sales rose from february .
baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide truck bombing in the northern city of tal afar last week is the deadliest single attack since the iraq war began in , a high ranking iraqi interior ministry official said monday as a new death toll for the blast surfaced .
thirty three countries are projected to be smaller at mid century than today japan losing percent of its population , italy percent of its population , and bulgaria , estonia , georgia , latvia , russia and ukraine between and percent of their populations .
written and directed by andrew stanton finding nemo , it s pixar s most ambitious movie and an instant classic .
a panel of experts brought in to examine the mine after the second collapse determined that it was too unstable to resume the underground rescue .
polk county sheriff grady judd did not say how many people were injured .
employment conditions of young adults are deteriorated .
msci s measure of asia pacific stocks excluding japan was up percent at gmt , heading for a fourth consecutive session of gains .
former inter milan striker kanu laid the ball back to glen johnson whose first time cross from the right was headed powerfully home by younes kaboul .
every year , thousands of foreigners apply for work in thai schools , particularly in international and language schools .
this is a second time in less than two weeks that the election watchdog rules on the president s comments to decide whether he violated election laws in the runup to the december presidential race .
the airport is notorious for having short , slippery runways , cnn s miles o brien reported .
sharif , who retains his pakistani citizenship , has been in exile in saudi arabia since and has not been allowed to travel or directly take part in pakistani politics .
bulgaria and its allies in the eu and the united states say libya is using the medics as scapegoats to deflect criticism from its dilapidated health care sector .
the nld reiterated its demand for the immediate and unconditional release of suu kyi , as well as the other , political prisoners believed to be behind bars in the former burma .
they attract the sperm whales that feed on them .
they have seized merchant ships , ships carrying aid , and once even a cruise ship .
he writes my diving bell becomes less oppressive , and my mind takes flight like a butterfly . there is so much to do . you can wander off in space or in time , set off for tierra del fuego , or for king midas court .
the russell charts small cap index jumped . percent , rebounding from a recent battering .
dubrow died at his home in las vegas , nevada , according to tmz . com .
in a strongly worded statement , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned what he called an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity s highest ideals under the u . n . banner .
yi has expressed hope that her historic journey will encourage the reunification of the divided korean peninsula .
brian hungwe , a zimbabwean freelance journalist in the capital , harare , says the raid is believed to be linked to the mdc s announcement of presidential poll results ahead of the zimbabwe election commission , which is illegal .
they have just a second window to fire , a pentagon official said , and may not be able to take their shot on their first opportunity at p . m . et wednesday a . m . gmt thursday .
it has been widely reported that cecilia sarkozy had a relationship with an advertising executive , while there has been frequent speculation about the president s own alleged relationship with a french reporter .
in the fighting in southern afghanistan , coalition forces and afghan troops hit buildings in helmand province that militants have been using to launch attacks .
it was cold in the houses , said anneleas van eijkeren , spokeswoman for the municipality of maasdriel .
the roman catholic church has been working to foster dialogue with muslims in recent years , especially in light of comments made by benedict in september .
we have made sufficient progress to stop the clock , transport workers union secretary treasurer ed watt said .
earl wesley berry was executed wednesday for abducting and killing a mississippi woman more than years ago in the nation s second execution since the u . s . supreme court ruled that lethal injection was constitutional .
i have received information from environmental workers based on bokor mountain who said they had spotted a plane crash from a distance , said in chiva , the kampot province police chief , noting that the area is in a thick forest .
the president of the world bank , paul wolfowitz , is meeting the bank s member executive board to respond to allegations against him .
and if we save one person , we ve done our job .
higher taxes on alcohol can make a night out more expensive but could save lives , according to a study released thursday .
president hugo chavez predicts renewed political upheaval in his nation again .
as they were about paces away and walking in the opposite direction , camera attacked deetz from behind , threw him on the ground and punched and kicked him until security pulled him off , it said .
stayin alive may help a cardiac arrest patient do just that .
indeed , some of the world s worst industrial disasters have occurred at night , including those at chernobyl , bhopal , and the exxon valdez oil spill .
the u . s . action could open the door for overseas regulators to release some of the million in frozen north korean assets held by banco delta asia .
but the nine are divided into two groups pro president roh moo hyun and anti roh .
the wingback crouched down and then fell to the ground after jogging back towards his own goal minutes into the game at the sanchez pizjuan on saturday night .
nine died sunday in the mathare shantytown , ap reported .
french reports about the investigation have previously pointed to former eads director noel forgeard , who was fired soon after the delay announcement in june .
our ed donahue has more on a voluntary recall
putin addressed a myriad of reporters questions in all at the annual presidential news conference , his final one before his term ends .
it is unclear if it was the same incident that killed the journalist .
put any loose metal items , like coins , in a carry on bag
warning of a new threat of famine in the communist country , s world food program says hundreds of thousands of north koreans are abandoning work and school in a desperate effort to stave off hunger .
he went in the forest following his father and he got lost . he was found by his cousin , who was out hunting , carvalho said in a telephone interview from caraurai , the nearest town . nobody knows what he ate or how he survived .
they told japanese officials they had left chongjin on the east coast and headed south , but then changed course due to heavy security and ended up at fukaura in japan s aomori prefecture , kilometers miles to the east , the police official added .
in december , the mccanns released a christmas appeal for people who know what happened to come forward .
thamir sami , , told the associated press he was carrying clothes from his store to his car when the explosion rocked the area .
the organization argues that there is no public health rationale for restricting liberty of movement or choice of residence on the grounds of hiv status .
despite an extensive search involving police , coastguards and the royal navy , no trace was found of the prison officer and former teacher .
iraq s oil minister monday opened international bidding on six oil fields that could increase the country s oil production by . million barrels per day .
the main difficulty with this is that such ratios measure future , rather than present , human capital .
we will be using lots of different forms of alternative power , including wind powered kite skiing , part bio ethanol powered jetskis and inflatable boats , electric powered paragliders , solar and wind powered base camps and good old foot work , grylls wrote in a november entry .
that former owner was not identified , nor was sunday s buyer
but the korea times reports ban kept a very cautious attitude about calls from some people for seoul to use the dalai lama s visit or the issue of taiwan to cope with so called sino centrism .
nielsen said monday that overnight ratings are also percent lower than last year , when the departed was named best picture .
the shanghai festival is scheduled for june .
democratic presidential hopeful barack obama , moving into front runner status following a week of eight straight wins , is facing a new rival , exchanging fire with john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee .
the post cited military data showing that suicide bombings increased percent over the six weeks that ended in early april .
the us negotiator said that despite the setback , the process to disarm north korea was still on track .
alan was provided with a radio and could listen to the bbc world service . he was fully aware of all the dramatic developments going on in gaza .
the problem was , we thought we were leaving for a few days , not forever .
pardo fired indiscriminately as partygoers fled , hid under furniture , threw items to break windows , and in at least one case , jumped out a second story window , police said .
most of the suspects in both attacks have been captured .
space tourist richard garriott has arrived at the international space station for a day stay for which he paid the russian government an estimated million .
it was only when he had flown into cardiff from toronto , canada , and rang the bridegroom seeking details of the venue that he discovered the wedding was in .
the governing grand national party gnp plans to recruit independent lawmakers elect to back president lee myung bak s reform drive , a party leader said thursday .
the democrats had already secured the house of representatives in tuesday s elections .
i think they believe they are recreational users of drugs and they are in control , fielder civil told british broadcasting corp . radio tuesday . clearly they are addicts .
the patients were infected with clostridium difficile , or c . diff , which can cause diarrhea , colitis and other intestinal problems , officials said .
gambari had told the security council there had been positive outcomes from his latest trip to burma his second since troops violently suppressed anti government protests in september .
zi , a temporary reporter for beijing television , was arrested after it emerged that he apparently had cooked up a report that local makers of steamed dumplings were softening cardboard by soaking it in caustic soda and then flavoring it with pork juice .
the korea herald reports the center , occupying seven floors of a building near sindorim station on subway line no . , offers various kinds of services including legal counseling , medical checkups , shelter , and computer and korean language courses , all free of charge for foreigners who are legally working in korea .
the democratic race between illinois senator barack obama and new york senator hillary clinton , is already extremely close , with neither side expected to deliver a knock out blow .
prime minister ariel sharon said sunday israel was escalating military measures and would freeze peace efforts after a tel aviv suicide bombing unless palestinians smashed militant groups .
his son , a teacher , decided to make the photos public now after he started researching his family s roots .
there were two more wins for spaniards , giving them half the quarterfinal slots in the . million euros tournament .
the taliban kidnapped south korean church volunteers , of them women , in ghazni province on the main road south from kabul in july . two male koreans have since been killed .
the annoucement comes after saudi officials have announced modest increases .
from about percent to about percent , but softbank america would continue to be the largest shareholder in yahoo !
the majority of justices disagreed with arguments that the district of columbia government has broad authority to enact what local officials called reasonable weapons restrictions in order to reduce violent crime .
in his first public comment on the scandal earlier this week , kerviel told french news agency agence france presse that he would not take all of the blame for the losses .
but for the adventurous seeking a glimpse of a region still colored by the medieval collision of slavs and ottoman turks , and spiced by islam and the mysteries of eastern orthodoxy , kosovo is deliciously uncharted territory .
pyongyang has indicated it may begin the process of closing its yongbyon nuclear reactor once the aid arrives .
good boss self concept
the casuality toll stood at dead and more than , injured by the explosion of oil and chemicals , aid agencies said .
new federal numbers put the number of americans infected with the aids virus each year close to percent higher than previous estimates , activist groups and some media reported , but federal officials denied on sunday that the data was finished yet .
odinga has openly appealed to them to vote out the incumbent so they can share the wealth .
beijing , china cnn monday brought welcome relief to millions of chinese migrant workers desperate to see their families , as the nation s transportation system seemed to be getting back on its feet after being paralyzed by a historic winter storm .
authorities and hundreds of volunteers spent the last two days searching the dense jungles and mountainous terrain , but heavy rain in the area had hampered recovery efforts .
mexico city , mexico cnn an aspiring horror novelist was arrested after police discovered his girlfriend s torso in his closet , a leg in the refrigerator and bones in a cereal box , the city prosecutor s spokesman said thursday .
beijing , china cnn flooding has killed people and forced more than a million to flee their homes across a stretch of southwestern china , including the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , state media reported sunday .
the magna carta previously was owned by the perot foundation , who purchased it from an english family in .
seoul and washington have agreed to move the u . s .
ilulissat , greenland cnn from the air , greenland s ice sheet , the second largest on earth , appears to be perfectly still .
more than cattle are involved in the latest suspected case , and culling has begun , the agency said .
officials from bangladesh , sri lanka , india , china , hong kong , japan , south korea and all members of the association of southeast asian nations have gathered in tokyo for a two day conference aimed at stemming the growing problem of maritime piracy to safeguard shipping lanes in asian waters where violence and kidnapping are rampant , and also the event s sponsor .
odell accepted her life with grace , mcmeen said .
the name of the airline was not immediately known .
i speak for other republicans and republican governors , also , she said .
presidential nominee lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp tuesday indicated that he wants reform of his conservative party .
the cuban government also recently approved the sale of computers , microwaves and dvd players to cubans items previously sold only to foreigners and companies .
authorities say he preaches holy war and admires osama bin laden .
cannes , france cnn the french film the class , a frank tale about classroom life using real students and teachers at a junior high school , won top honors sunday at the cannes film festival .
he said don t eat the rice and don t drink the water .
kanako otsuji , , who is backed by the main opposition democratic party , would become the first openly gay national politician of either sex if she wins a seat in parliament s upper house in a poll expected in july .
three polling stations in jefferson county in eastern ohio were relocated tuesday because of flooding that could have prevented people from voting , election officials said .
two san diego travel companies , san diego concierge and advanced reservation systems , are coordinating with hotels with excess inventory to offer those rooms to evacuees at reduced rates , according to the san diego convention and visitors bureau .
the fbi said he claimed to have offers from publishers and tabloids ranging from , to million .
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld has urged south korea to pay more for the presence of u . s . forces on the korean peninsula in accordance with seoul s increasing role in defending the country , government sources said on sunday .
nasa and the german space agency have successfully launched two satellites to study earth s gravity field .
uri chairman likely to resign under pressure .
although guerrero tried hard to use gwen when they were out in public partly for her child s safety she says she sometimes slipped up , much to her teen s chagrin .
the spanish protest , now in its th year , seeks to highlight a tradition that has for centuries allowed herdsmen the right to use , miles of spanish paths in seasonal livestock migrations from cool highland pastures in summer to warmer low lying spaces in winter . some paths have been used annually for more than years .
she serves on the energy and commerce , natural resources , and energy independence and global warming committees .
shimomura was born in kyoto , japan , and received a ph . d . in organic chemistry in from nagoya university .
teachers take weightless ride to inspire students
the klm spokesman indicated that an inquiry should also look into the role of dutch authorities as the airline had people like late prince bernhard on its board in the s .
but she conceded the sides were far apart and offered no specific proposal to get long stalled peace talks moving again .
british police do not name suspects unless they face charges
darling said ahead of his trip that he would express british concern about china s crackdown in tibet and appeal for restraint . but he made no mention of the issue as he and wang appeared briefly before reporters following their meeting .
smith also told reporters on a visit to the united nations in new york that he understood that a private family memorial service had taken place in the city .
admiral william fallon told a senate confirmation hearing that time is short for the us to turn iraq around .
a reuters c span zogby poll released on sunday showed a virtual dead heat in new hampshire , with sen clinton on and sen obama .
voters turned out in huge numbers on saturday for elections billed as a test of the west african country s stability after an year civil war fueled by blood diamonds and infamous for its brutality .
world series matchup
john kerry collected the u . s . democratic presidential nomination late wednesday in a convention held in the city that nurtured his political career for nearly a quarter century .
cho was studying english and had been living on the university campus .
speaking at a news conference in london , pakistani president pervez musharraf called the situation a desperate act .
a day after bhutto s death , pakistan s government announced that mehsud was behind the attack .
last month , iraq warned korea that it would suspend crude oil exports if korean companies continued with the exploration project in the bazian oil field in kurdish controlled northern iraq .
organizers shut down the course four hours after the start of sunday s chicago marathon because of degree heat and sweltering humidity that left one runner dead and sent at least to area hospitals .
watch the canal that was drained in the u . s . search for missing troops
we don t have an estimated time of containment , but really what we re doing is looking ahead through the rest of today and tomorrow , in anticipation of the santa ana winds .
it s changing fast and catching up to the west .
the first time , last october , led to an arrest ten days later .
this year marks the final season for a couple of well known seaside attractions on the east coast coney island s astroland and atlantic city s steel pier .
the power company , mercury energy , said it had been unaware any disconnection would put her life at risk .
but before that , more than one million kerry supporters learned the news via e mail .
other products that sold well included garmin gps systems , the apple macbook and kitchenaid stand mixers .
the lawmakers selection , which had been widely expected , came five days after fidel castro , , announced his resignation in a letter published in the state run newspaper granma .
talk sex is oxygen s most popular late night show , and its ratings among young viewers this season were the best ever , the network said .
stella yu , a college senior from carson , calif . , says she s struggling with her obsession .
washington vetoing a stem cell bill for the second time , president bush on wednesday sought to placate those who disagree with him by signing an executive order urging scientists toward what he termed ethically responsible research in the field .
turkey has regularly targeted the pkk inside iraq in recent months , but this is thought to be the first fighter jet raid outside its own territory . turkey s air strikes against kurdish rebels in iraq on sunday were approved by the united states in advance , the turkish military has said .
the u . s . military and the u . s . embassy in iraq also condemned the attack .
wall street , the dow industrials up points in the first half hour .
baez spoke to cnn about sustaining her voice and finding happiness in her s .
in a brief news conference gonzales said he had met president george w bush on sunday to tender his resignation , which will take effect on september th .
a bomb blew off both his legs above the knee .
technically , that would even include the organization s crown jewel , ichiro .
he told ministers he planned to present the measure to two knesset committees , which must approve the action .
the victims , ages to , were all found on the second floor , authorities said .
voting is underway today in a senate run off election in georgia .
the u . s . stock market had fallen in the morning , following losses seen in asia and europe , which fueled expectations that investors will unwind carry trades in which traders buy higher yielding assets funded by loans in lower yielding currencies , such as the yen .
this is a farewell . . . you dog !
boenisch said she would also wear a wrist band in protest over china s crackdown in tibet , but ruled out skipping the games themselves .
bad weather in florida blamed for the scrub .
to wear cheap clothes , put in some horrible front teeth with a big gap , smoke cigarettes and , like , just sob that s heaven on a stick for me , ullman says .
i just feel bad because i don t know what i could have done . there s nothing i can think of .
playing games without frontiers
there s so much interest in exercising our minds as we age , said the researcher , dr . gary small , a professor at the semel institute for neuroscience and human behavior at ucla . one result of this study is that these technologies are not all bad .
auction house christie s is to sell photographs of former model bruni sarkozy , taken by michel comte in , in new york next month , the associated press reported tuesday .
a tropical storm watch , meaning tropical storm conditions are possible within hours , was issued for an area north of cabo rojo to la cruz .
afterward , a diplomat who is familiar with south korea s nuclear dossier said that more than pounds of uranium metal was used in the laser enrichment experiments .
authorities say they killed militants and captured .
we don t use high temperatures or high pressures , which is a huge advantage in terms of scaling the project up , mcleish said .
supported by strong demand in china and the united states , the price for west texas crude oil averaged . a barrel in the first quarter , the highest such level in the last years .
this is due to the inability of the body to cope with conflicting time signals .
most government offices will be off limits to reporters .
he plans to warn against protectionism or abandoning free markets as the world looks for solutions .
the ancient equivalent of artillery . researchers say the evidence suggests the tribesmen lured the romans into the forest to keep them from making full use of those long range weapons and draw them into hand to hand combat , outside of the formations the imperial troops had mastered .
a preliminary inspection of the rock n roller coaster ride found no malfunctions with the machinery , disneyland spokesman pieter boterman said tuesday .
as a result , ethiopia s donkeys live an average of years , while donkeys in kenya and
on top of winning the mayor s post , the gnp clinched the entire ward leadership and seats in the city council up for grabs .
one of frank caliendo s best impressions may be that of president bush , but he says that his sendup has nothing to do with politics .
but the organization for security and cooperation in europe osce questioned the fairness of the polls .
us toy maker mattel has recalled more than million chinese made toys this year .
danica patrick , one of three women to qualify this year , says it s not just how fast you can go , but also how you master the race
tim costello , president of world vision australia , a christian aid group , told cnn thursday that the myanmar government estimates , people are missing .
prime minister ehud olmert has called on the people of gaza to turn against hamas
i think the public is intelligent , provided it has the the information , not from one side only .
this is a major gaffe , and it s going to cause some heads to roll down the line , said don shepperd , a retired air force major general and military analyst for cnn .
singapore , which practically invented this strategy , now has an economy dominated by multinational companies .
thanks to a stipulation in her recording contract , the grammy winner has the luxury of setting her own pace with each project , another rarity in the music business .
it also drew on the experience of its european division that began phasing out the antibiotics during .
to a large degree company drinking sessions are used as a way of getting workers to socialize .
the centers for disease control and prevention has said that since mid april , people infected with salmonella with the same genetic fingerprint have been identified .
bride to be libby smit will do her bit to make up for this on her wedding day in northern ireland this summer .
i said , don t worry , and she smiled .
iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by saddam hussein s eldest daughter , who is wanted by iraqi authorities on terrorism charges , the u . s . military announced monday .
spain beat world champions italy on penalties to reach the semifinals of euro after sunday s match in vienna had ended scoreless .
in a message released monday , al qaeda s no . leader called on muslims to unite under taliban leader mullah omar , stop trying to form secular governments and instead follow strict islamic sharia law .
he is the former husband of whitney houston and is seeking custody of their teenage daughter .
rodgers suddenly felt his arm burning , he said , and realized he had been shot in the elbow .
he made the offer without consulting with governing party leaders sunday .
beijing , china cnn the head of a chinese manufacturer whose lead tainted sesame street toys were the center of a massive u . s . recall has killed himself , a state run newspaper said monday .
paris , france cnn a french judge said tuesday it was not within his jurisdiction to ban an internet video of motor racing chief max mosley with prostitutes but ordered the french recall of newspapers containing photos of the scene .
we knew we d got the quality so we re very happy with the performance .
if the crash impacts the water line , then a fire can burn for a long time .
he said the problems with the war on terror stem back to the reagan white house , which he accused of failing to retaliate for the deaths of hundreds of marines in beirut .
in , when there was just . billion pounds of polyethylene terephthalate pet bottles in circulation in the u . s . , the country boasted recycling rates of nearly percent .
george w . bush s ascent to the presidency was bigger than fiction , director oliver stone told larry king live monday night , describing his soon to be released biopic , w .
suzanne scholte , head of the washington based neo conservative think tank the defense forum foundation , said the south korean government was content with the status quo in the north for fear that the secretive state might collapse .
but hezbollah issued a statement saying the building targeted was a mosque under construction and no hezbollah leaders or personnel were killed in the strike .
but , as it turned out , we weren t the only ones lurking in the desert that day .
investigators probing a plane crash at a thai tourist resort say they have found the aircraft s flight recorders .
the kenyan government has accused supporters of opposition leader raila odinga of carrying out ethnic cleansing against the kikuyu .
while omega s are important for everyone , an adequate supply is especially critical for infants and mothers .
large numbers of civilians have been fleeing two neighborhoods in the northeastern part of the capital where the fighting has been taking place , witnesses reported , joining a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate already tops million .
the union said it won t strike today through wednesday , but still plans to join the anti free trade agreement walkout by the metal worker s union on thursday and friday , according to the public relations team at hyundai , which e mailed a release .
the extinction of the dinosaurs million years ago may have been caused by a kind of astronomical wobble in earth s and mercury s solar orbits , according to a new theory by a group of california scientists .
but an honest viewer probably would have to admit that she s similar to all of the characters in some way .
i ve had a piece of the set fall on my head and my hair didn t move , he said . i had seven stitches in my head and my hair didn t move .
tiny diamonds found in the soil are strong evidence a comet exploded on or above north america nearly , years ago , leading to the extinction of dozens of mammal species , according to a study .
the stealth approach has whipped up a frenzy of expectation and doubts about the movie s quality as he prepares to unveil it in front of the world s toughest audience , critics at the cannes film festival .
the angry widow of private jacob kovco called howard after the mistake was discovered late on wednesday .
the trails were left by three individuals who walked across a cooled but recent volcanic flow of rock fragments , ash and gases .
he and bloomberg spoke to reporters as the city s emergency command center went into operation in anticipation of a strike .
sarkozy , on a campaign stop north of paris , said the report in weekly le canard enchaine was not based on any form of reality .
ukraine also disputes the new price set by gazprom for deliveries , which was initially more than double the price from .
the un has launched a m m aid appeal for strife torn lebanon and the us has announced its own million package to ease the suffering of civilians .
the commission , which received a petition from a former marine in , concluded that the marine s personal liberty had been infringed on by his senior soldiers harsh treatment .
there s a second landing chance at kennedy later in the afternoon .
meantime john mccain is campaigning in colorado .
dozens of onlookers crammed into the showroom to get one last look at the rusted out car , snapping photos with cell phone cameras and chitchatting about what they d do if they won her .
for the results of the hospital s investigation , expected later in the week .
he paid tribute to his courageous mother . we have lost our best hope but not our only hope , he said .
who spokesman gregory hartl says what s really especially alarming is the strain itself
campus administrators are waging an all out campaign against binge drinking to protect school facilities from drunkards according to the korea times .
roizen , who is the author of realage
one militant was killed and another was wounded in the morning attack , the sources said .
at the same time , tens of millions of others will be flooded out of their homes each year as the earth reels from rising temperatures and sea levels , according to portions of a draft of an international scientific report obtained by the associated press .
they also complain that wall street
white house spokeswoman dana perino said washington welcomed the move .
ayad allawi said sunday he will soon return to baghdad to reverse the course in iraq .
this report continues to make outrageous comments about china s security and military strategy and its military capabilities , and attacks china s defense and military modernization .
but no widespread campaign is expected at this time , they added , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss policy .
i am pleased with the agreements reached today at the six party talks in beijing , president bush said in a statement .
the dalai lama , who won the nobel peace prize in , has spoken out against violence and denied fomenting the unrest .
if original estimates are correct , the squid would be pounds heavier than the next biggest specimen ever found .
the ioc simply tests for substances when new procedures to look for them are developed .
if koreans want investment to come in , it has to come from within korea .
it certainly is reasonable for us to assume that cho was the shooter in both places , but we don t have the evidence to take us there at this particular point in time , flaherty said .
following south korea s call on north korea to improve its human rights situation during a united nations session early last week , however , the communist regime began issuing a series of statements denouncing the lee administration .
the nation conference on disarmament planned rare weekend sessions in an attempt to break deadlocks in at least four issues .
shares of daimlerchrysler were up . percent in late trading in frankfurt and up nearly percent in late morning trading in new york , although that is off from earlier gains soon after the announcement .
she competed on the third season of american idol in , making it to the top seven contestants before being eliminated from the contest .
on the th , the lowest average in our survey was wichita , kansas .
they are smaller in size for easier use and to meet global standards .
in the first days of july , bodies were found in baghdad , or an average of nearly a day , compared to a day in june , when bodies were found , according to ap figures , gathered from daily reports by iraqi police .
miami , florida cnn a federal judge has rejected attempts to block former panamanian leader gen . manual noriega s extradition to france to face money laundering charges .
well , we were absolutely , totally shocked , said alison carman , mother of lt . felix carman , as she stood beside her husband . it was just unbelievable .
despite claims by some critics that the bush administration invaded iraq to take control of its oil , the first contracts with major oil firms from iraq s new government are likely to go not to u . s . companies , but rather to companies from china , india , vietnam , and indonesia .
katie couric tells david letterman she s gotten both a call and a note of apology from alex rodriguez since he changed his story about using steroids .
it was also discovered that the year old officer , identified by the surname lee , sexually harassed other women from last july until january .
the contract reached a new closing high of . monday after algerian energy minister chakib khelil , president of the organization of petroleum exporting countries , was quoted by a government newspaper as saying it will not increase its output during the united states summer driving season , which begins this weekend .
i think it is a matter of record that mr . holder recommended the pardoning of mr . marc rich .
the year old boy turned up at the police station in aizu wakamatsu city in fukushima prefecture state tuesday morning with the severed head , local police official hisayoshi watanabe said .
prosecutors are stepping up their probe into the slush fund scandal after finding an account book of hyundai s logistics unit glovis which is believed to contain transaction records that prove the bribery allegations .
and keep out of the affairs of iraqi security forces , government institutions and reconstruction projects .
james barker agreed to the plea deal at the start of his court martial in the us to avoid the death penalty , his civilian lawyer said .
berlin , germany will host the championships in . daegu , about kilometers southeast of seoul , is the fourth largest city in south korea .
kenya , which has long been a stable and peaceful country , today is in turmoil with innocent men , women and children being hounded and killed , annan told kenya s national assembly before heading into talks with kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga .
the ap s aaron heller in jerusalem
loggers cut down the forest s trees to make charcoal , a lucrative business .
who was cooper ?
gm is operating with the help of a . billion federal loan .
nobody wants to hear the word bailout , but look
his resignation , offered to president roh moo hyun on tuesday , was accepted , yonhap news agency said .
ryan giggs returned to the united side to make his th champions league appearance and was named captain after being rested for saturday s fa cup victory was against arsenal .
it fools the average person , the maker says . i don t eat them myself .
aviation disaster expert robert heath said aircraft speed might have been a factor in the crash .
in comparison , . percent of women who consumed more than mg of caffeine a day miscarried .
the year was historically meaningful for the koreans , as it marked the fifth anniversary of the remarkable inter korean summit in june and the th anniversary of korea s liberation from japanese colonial rule .
fighting erupted more than a week ago as the coalition forces worked to stop roadside bombings and rockets that are being launched toward central baghdad s international zone .
the nation s health experts say adults need to exercise more than two hours a week to stay healthy .
i was hitting aces and when i was hitting good first serves they weren t coming back . i was really pleased with my serve tonight .
tiger woods was voted pga tour player of the year by his peers tuesday , the third straight year he won the award and the ninth time in his years as a pro .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said in a speech thursday that the central bank is prepared to continue lowering interest rates in order to help keep the economy on track .
kate and gerry mccann have maintained their innocence , most recently in a blog entry posted by gerry mccann late monday .
researchers will use data gathered by the probes to study the moon s origin and evolution .
it was only the second time since that a single laureate won the prize , which is typically shared by two or three researchers .
many people have been afraid to return to their homes because of fears of another tsunami .
the president said he also intends to work with arab friends and allies on this very issue and remind them of the strategy and obligations they have to help this vision become a reality .
we presented a comprehensive proposal that responded to the union s concerns about loss of jobs and earnings and attempted to address our need for some flexibilities in running our business , st . martin said .
more importantly , alan told me , was his ability to hear on the bbc that his friends and colleagues both inside gaza and outside , hadn t forgotten about him , and were agitating and pressing for his release .
abortion did not come up in benedict s meeting thursday with president luiz inacio lula da silva , lombardi said .
south korea s former top negotiator for defense policy talks with the united states said yesterday the u . s . efforts to fight terrorism have significantly altered the nature of the two countries alliance .
the pkk has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey , staging some attacks from northern iraq .
bmw heiress blackmailed for millions
if they exist have been silent .
but his rival chung dong yung of the united new democratic party undp has criticized this calling it a symbol of what he calls jungle capitalism devoted to just percent of the population , the so called robber barons of society .
the ideas thompson presented about how to get more organs involve a partnership with private businesses to promote organ donation among employees , a medal to honor donor families , more teaching about organ donation in teen driver education classes and a national donor card that makes it clear that anyone who has a card can serve as a donor even if a family member objects .
though the risk modeling firm , air worldwide , cautioned that there is a high level of uncertainty in insured loss estimates in china , they believe only billion of that of the total assessment is in insured damage .
banco delta asia has said that money might have been laundered at the bank , but added there is no evidence the institution was aware of it .
groups clashed with riot police at the parliament and across central athens .
animal rights activists have been demanding the city government stop cat euthanasia .
a journalist with an iraqi television network threw shoes at
a french led squadron , which includes u . s . and german ships , is currently patrolling the somali coast .
dalby , who was a volunteer french firefighter at the time , told the inquest by videolink from paris that the car was surrounded by photographers .
golden globe nominations full of snubs , surprises
there is absolutely no change in our position .
the public prosecutor had asked the french judge to convert the chadian sentence which does not exist in french law to eight years in prison .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
a new age master played by terrence stamp .
deep in a remote region of cameroon , we are following two hunters looking for bush meat forest animals they can kill to feed their families .
more than , pro democracy demonstrators wearing yellow headbands called for an end to the military dictatorship that came to power after a coup last september .
the inquest was adjourned on september for reports .
on hawking s trip , the jet will make a single plunge .
voting on the extension of south korean troop deployment in iraq is expected during an emergency session of the assembly .
the bush administration has rejected direct talks with damascus and criticized pelosi for her visit .
it is a chilling place few visitors will ever forget
a year old man , only identified by his surname ahn , allegedly attacked a year old acquaintance of his with a screwdriver , after watching a nationally televised press conference wednesday , in which lee hoi chang announced he is running for the presidency .
police were alerted to the presence of the truck , in morrisville , north carolina , by a tip about p . m . , onslow county sheriff ed brown told cnn .
the shares had declined percent to . since the bid , reflecting concerns that the proposed marriage would turn into a complicated mess that would enable google to grow even stronger .
on monday , the taiwan affairs office of the state council said china would provide billion yuan billion in financing over the next two to three years to taiwan based companies doing business in the mainland .
forests and other natural vegetation have subsequently been cleared to expand the areas under cultivation .
cheung shu hung , who co owned lee der industrial co . , committed suicide at a warehouse over the weekend , apparently by hanging himself , the southern metropolis daily reported .
the united states and israel consider hamas a terror organization .
psychological counselors are also visiting the tent schools to talk with the students about the tragedy .
secretary of state colin powell arrives in seoul today for a two day visit , after rejecting a north korean overture to resume the six party nuclear talks if the u . s . rewards it for freezing its nuclear activities , according to the korea herald .
he said he would not comment further while police were investigating .
delayed since recording began in , chinese democracy hit stores in the u . s . on sunday , although it is unlikely to be sold legally in china , where censors maintain tight control over films , music and publications .
the two countries agreed last year to expand the complex .
the north basically shared the south s view on kim s planned visit , the minister , lee jong seok , told reporters after the end of the th inter korean cabinet talks .
pentagon officials have warned congress that the continued delay in funding our troops will soon begin to have a damaging impact on the operations of this department , bush said thursday . the warning has been laid out for the united states congress to hear .
the announcement came hours after taliban leaders had threatened to kill more of the korean hostages they have been holding if afghan leaders did not give in to their demands to release rebel prisoners .
fda is taking this action to protect the public health of the american people , he said . watch more on the fda s import alert on five kinds of fish from china . raquo
two goals from brazilian striker fabiano , one from the penalty spot , and a goal from seydou keita had the andalusians in cruise control .
at the time , he said the six month suspension would allow his militia to be restructured .
place a pair of lamps with ivory shades on each side of your bed , and make sure the bulbs are no more than watts .
child soldiers have been used in the past decade in more than countries , according to the united nations , amnesty international and human rights watch , which said young fighters were active in at least countries last year .
the web site of the school s crew team warned members to take precautions unpacking from the trip , adding , it s advisable to open bags and unpack outdoors .
last month the u . s . director of national intelligence mike mcconnell said a resurgent taliban has regained control of between and percent of afghanistan .
in the s , sea ice receded to miles each summer off the north coast , said james overland , a seattle based oceanographer for the national oceanic and atmospheric administration .
a pakistani daily paper , the news , reported that the suspected us strike was aimed at libi and another senior figure , obaidah al masri .
so we want people to feel guilt .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the teenager chose huemer because she regularly listened to his show during her captivity , she said .
a big , affable , dark haired thirtysomething who writes best selling historical novels about the exploits of julius caesar and genghis khan , iggulden exudes boyish enthusiasm .
think about this there is only one of you and there are thousands of job openings .
early clues lead us to believe that the young man wanted to kill himself , vatican spokesman , the reverend federico lombardi , said in a statement .
hiroyuki furukawa , a vice president of toshiba america , claims that dvd encyclopedias could feature full screen , full motion videos instead of small , grainy snapshots .
they are free to choose the candidate they like , while pledged delegates are assigned in primaries and caucuses .
, home to a range of hardy bacteria and lichen .
a powerful earthquake in northeastern indonesia on tuesday caused panicked residents to flee shaking buildings on islands in the maluku sea and briefly triggered a tsunami warning , officials said .
we ve raised considerably more than that , obama spokesman bill burton said .
amid pomp and ceremony , the queen was escorted by members of the household cavalry riding white horses and wearing their distinctive gold colored helmets with tall red plumes .
officials said he was currently in the custody of the hamas executive force . members of hamas drove him out of the neighborhood where he had been held .
of the buffalo field campaign , a group seeking to stop the slaughter program for good .
the dow jones industrial average notched its biggest percentage gain in four and a half years on wednesday , after comments by the vice chairman of the federal reserve raised expectations for an interest rate cut in december .
shouting the former prime minister has defied a government house arrest order
roh had earlier handpicked his chief policymaker park bong heum to be a channel to the legislature , and his political adviser and former presidential chief of staff moon hee sang as a communication line between him and the de facto ruling uri party .
top un relief co ordinator jan egeland said an abrupt end to food aid would harm north korea s most vulnerable .
it s hardly new to me , says lee jae gun , a south korean fisherman who was kidnapped to north korea and lived there years until escaping in . it s a daily fodder in north korea .
the insurgents have said they will free the remaining hostages , whom they are holding in different locations , over the next few days .
in monday s statement , the north promised to drop all nuclear weapons and current nuclear programs and to get back to the non proliferation treaty as soon as possible .
the us government s terrorist threat integration center is admitting there were mistakes in its initial report on international terrorist attacks .
that was won by obama , who is ahead in the overall democratic contest .
sea lions swim circles around us in the water .
the five lawmakers are kim hyuk kyu , park young sun , song young gil , kim jong yull and kim jae yun , who raised suspicion last month during a plenary national assembly , that lee may be involved in stock manipulation and real estate speculation .
a major labor group yesterday vowed to stage strikes in june if its concerns , including an increase in the minimum wage , are not addressed during negotiations , the korea herald reports .
most of the debacle had little to do with the concept of selling things over the internet .
by imposing the two week break from school , health authorities are hoping to slow the spread of influenza .
she said mantovani intends to donate any award to charity .
seoul , south korea ap south korea s foreign ministry said tuesday the government hoped the virginia tech shootings , allegedly carried out by a year old south korean native , would not stir up racial prejudice or confrontation .
hyundai , which has been running the tour since , asks them not to say anything that might offend north koreans .
o neal s downfall took just six days from the time merrill reported that record loss though some were surprised it took even that long .
for instance hivelive lets employees create and control blogs , wikis , mash ups and so on within business social networks .
the auto bailout plan is being readied by congressional staffers this weekend .
banks , schools and government offices have been closed in lebanon , as the country mourns ghanim , of the maronite phalange party .
south korea s i . t . czar , tells me that koreans are simply impatient and have i . t . dna .
the body has been dumped in the qarabagh district of ghazni province , ahmadi said .
i was on the bus , quite sleepy , and i thought of this , said janszky , who has done other research on sleep and health .
apollo orbiting the moon in december of .
the nation media group was founded by the aga khan in and now has a growing number of newspapers , magazines , and radio and television stations in english and kiswahili .
while richard garriott said the flight was a fulfillment of his dream to follow in his father s footsteps , he said he will also try to make it a commercial success .
very strong westerly winds in the upper levels the atmosphere have literally blown the top of it off , and um , so we expect this to dwindle down to um , to just a weak area of low pressure in a couple of days .
shot for less than million , a bargain price in hollywood , cloverfield heightened its documentary realism by using a cast of unknowns and maximized its limited budget for visual effects by offering scattershot images of the monster and devastation as the characters run for their lives .
according to cnn s exit polls , percent of puerto ricans who participated in the primary favor statehood , and clinton won percent of those voters .
the committee had to decide on a process for choosing loya jirga members .
the net number of jobs lost in was nearly million .
william , a second lieutenant in the british army , graduated as a pilot earlier this month following a detachment to the royal air force .
he also faces charges in florida , where authorities say he force fed drugs to an year old woman , then raped her in a miami beach hotel in october while free on bail in the massachusetts assaults .
smoke free laws may cut heart attack hospitalizations
prosecutor general choung sang myoung tuesday strongly denounced the government s plan to allow police greater investigative powers , claming that it would compromise the authority of the prosecution .
yahoo s stock ended the regular trading day down cents at . but rose in after hours trading .
the street culminates with maidan nezalezhnosti , or independence square , where ukrainians made history in by staging the peaceful orange revolution that overturned a fraudulent election and brought a pro western opposition leader to power .
from in or about though on or about feb . , , defendant chiquita made over payments to the auc united self defense forces of colombia totaling over . million , the page information said .
a hamas spokesman in gaza , fouzi barhoum , said earlier that hamas was imposing islamic law on gaza .
in addition , the report said iran ignored a security council call to cooperate with the iaea in its efforts to shed light on suspicious nuclear activities .
schwarzenegger , who attended with his wife , maria shriver , gave one of the eulogies .
u . s . national security adviser stephen hadley expressed hope after monday s announcement , but he said iran remains a serious threat .
the volnogorsk and the nakhichevan each carrying about , tons of sulfur also broke apart as a result of the high waves and strong winds , a local transport official told ria novosti news agency .
the witnesses in the tunnel will show pictures of the aftermath of the accident in a paris underpass in which diana , , and her lover dodi al fayed were killed , along with their chauffeur henri paul .
still , the little card boasts the laudable concept of turning your digital camera into another smart object that can connect to the world wide web
dr . alan greene , a professor of pediatrics at stanford university in palo alto , california , has some advice about choosing safe and organic toys .
south korea was holding us billion worth of u . s . securities as of the end of june last year , ranking it th among foreign countries , the latest data released by the us treasury said .
toronto mayor david miller also called for a ban on hand guns .
it said that not addressing the needs of iraqis in urgent need of water , sanitation , food and shelter would further create more unrest in the country .
the orphanage was evacuated and its officials declined to comment .
adhikari was to represent the national people s front , also known as rastriya jana morcha a splinter group of the communist party of nepal in the april vote .
the drug does not induce desire and works when the man is sexually aroused , according to pfizer , the makers of viagra .
as soon as you get married , you feel the yoke .
there s not been a disciplinary action or anything i ve been involved with regarding this type of activity , he said .
ponosov , a headmaster in a remote school in the perm region of the ural mountains , said he did not know the computers had fake licenses when they were delivered by a sub contractor .
roma went into the group a game off the back of a defeat at juventus which left them one place above the serie a relegation zone and with coach luciano spalletti under heavy pressure .
observers say signs of a return to political life will alarm opponents who accuse thaksin of abusing power and weakening democratic institutions .
speaking to cnn , israeli government spokesman david baker described them as economic refugees from africa .
perhaps a more startling discovery than the rat was a bright green pit viper scientists spotted slithering through the rafters of a restaurant in khao yai national park in thailand .
more than two million people were earlier evacuated from shanghai and neighboring areas .
joining us live from wall street is the ap s warren levinson
democratic presidential candidate sen . hillary clinton has replaced her campaign manager with a longtime adviser , maggie williams , the campaign announced sunday .
after the attack , gayoom addressed the nation in a radio broadcast , thanking the teenager and calling for calm , according to the web site of the minivan newspaper .
russia will push for the resumption of the six party talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program before the end of this year , a russian parliamentary leader said here tuesday .
to our knowledge , north korea has not given such information to beijing , said lee kyu hyung , south korea s second vice foreign minister .
his role as confidant to diana , who died in a paris car crash on august , , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and hotel security chief henri paul , meant his testimony was eagerly anticipated .
we now know that the regime was deceiving the world , and developing those weapons all along .
according to winkler s request to travel , she had been asked to appear on winfrey s live show to discuss battered women s syndrome and to advise the public of the dangers of not recognizing and addressing the symptoms associated with bws .
the league ii players can target the body part they want to injure on a football rival .
hillary clinton may actually think she spent the last year , year and a half getting out from the shadow of bill clinton . she may not want to get underneath the wing of barack obama , said simmons , an obama supporter .
in order to fully and satisfactorily resolve the north korean nuclear issue . . . we must open up channels between all concerned parties as soon as possible , roh said at a news conference following closed door meetings .
bush had temporarily transferred the powers of the presidency to vice president dick cheney during his medical procedure saturday morning , invoking the rarely invoked th amendment .
villagers fought back for about an hour before iraqi police and army units joined the battle , but there were no casualties reported among the attackers .
two officers sustained fatal gunshot wounds , and a third officer received a minor wound .
in , wyman married a wealthy manufacturer of children s clothes , myron futterman , in new orleans . she divorced him in november , declaring she wanted children and he didn t .
lawmakers from the dpp accuse opposition speaker wang jin pyng of abusing his position , saying he is delaying the annual budget by insisting the electoral bill is passed first .
authorities in pakistan and neighboring india have evacuated thousands of people from low lying areas after weekend storms and flooding killed nearly people across the south asian region .
it was a soft sending off .
he came last night looking for a fight , and he was determined and launched right in , and i thought it was important to set the record straight .
as gonu made its way across the gulf of oman to the iranian coast , the cyclone a rarity in the middle east was downgraded to a tropical storm , according to the u . s . military s joint typhoon warning center .
deaths as thai police , protesters clash
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
president roh moo hyun will extend a pardon for and reinstate up to business figures involved in various irregularities on buddha s birthday , which falls on may .
experts will now study the artifacts and the skeletons to determine the burial site s age and how old the two were when they died , she said .
film of a crowd some on horseback attempting to storm a government building has been shot by a canadian television crew that managed to gain access to a chinese town in gansu province despite attempts by chinese authorities to keep foreign media away from the region .
the former illinois police sergeant was picked up at a traffic stop in the death of his third wife .
the first bomb detonated around a . m .
cindy mccain , wife of presumptive republican presidential nominee sen . john mccain , made million in , according to tax returns released friday afternoon .
rainfall could reach inches in some areas .
cnn scientists have trained a group of monkeys to feed themselves marshmallows using a robot arm controlled by sensors implanted in their brains , a feat that could one day help paralyzed people operate prosthetic limbs on their own , according to a study out thursday .
light water reactors are much more difficult to use as a source of plutonium with which to build nuclear weapons .
sons inherit businesses from fathers .
turkey s constitutional court declared the first vote held on april void because a two thirds quorum was not present for the balloting .
al fayed has previously said that diana was pregnant with dodi s child at the time of the crash , although british and french police investigations into the crash have discounted this .
humberto lost steam as quickly as it developed and was downgraded to a tropical depression by late thursday afternoon .
we re all gonna illegally cram in one car , sorry .
there are fears that the escalation in fighting could spill into northern iraq s kurdish region , where turkey insists the pkk leadership is based .
we have a corporation that belongs percent to the cuban government and percent to a foreign company , but we do not have a conflict , garcia says .
that is the biggest drop in more than years , and it comes from a record fall in gas prices .
the journal confirms that she and her mother smuggled the monkey into the united states by hiding it under her shirt , pretending she was pregnant in order to get past authorities , the statement from mcdevitt s office said .
he s the youngest mayor in the city s history .
russia s defense ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident .
a former lawyer who hails from putin s native st . petersburg , medvedev , , managed the president s election campaign in and is considered part of putin s inner circle of advisers .
washington reported a . billion trade deficit with china last year , its highest on record with any country .
all of us in the body shop family are deeply shocked and saddened to hear the news of anita s passing .
perfect stranger resurrects most of the cynical old tropes adulterous yuppies , slippery plotting and kinky accessories then rewires them with the addition of chat rooms , text messages and spyware .
it will be a stirring sight to watch president obama , his wife , michelle and their beautiful girls step through the doors of the white house .
if prince harry qualifies as an army air corps pilot , he will , like any officer , be available for operational service wherever the aac flies , it said .
more than people have been killed , including police officers , after two bombs hit crowds greeting returning pakistani ex prime minister benazir bhutto .
violence is the second . these control methods are rampant in sports such as football , swimming , volleyball and basketball , to name just a few , where percent of the training staff are men .
but i think we are on a path that if north korea is prepared to verifiably denuclearize , then this is a country that can finally break out of isolation , and yes , indeed break out of its isolation with the u . s . , too , rice said .
but halfway through that year , willis abruptly took the money she d saved for a down payment on a car and bought every piece of polaroid film she could find .
in the quiet of american conscience , we know that deep , persistent poverty is unworthy of our nation s promise .
cnn daniel pearl flew in to islamabad , pakistan , on september , .
sen . barack obama took the lead in the race for superdelegates on the eve of a contest that s expected to fall easily into sen . hillary clinton s column .
obama laid the groundwork for urgent action on his american recovery and reinvestment plan , a plan he says will save or create more than million jobs and invest in health care , energy and education , among other priorities .
murray decided to miss britain s davis cup tie away to argentina last week , citing an injury , but he was widely criticized , even by brother jamie .
among those interviewed five policemen on the scene or on duty that day , three men in the firehouse , two of the garbage workers whose city wide strike brought the civil rights leader to memphis , the medical examiner who plotted the trajectory of the fatal bullet , and the former ku klux klan lawyer who became james earl ray s first attorney .
cut in two by the broad dnieper river , the city is a mix of medieval onion domed orthodox cathedrals , elegant turn of the th century buildings and some stubbornly durable artifacts of the soviet times , including giant statues and gloomy apartment blocks on the city s outskirts .
sexual content on television is strongly associated with teen pregnancy , a new study from the rand corporation shows .
patients sometimes have a hard time discerning objective from subjective , and reliable from unreliable information on the internet .
kang young woo , a member of the national council on disability at the white house , was known to have played a key role in attempting to realize a meeting between lee and bush .
elite jamboree of uh , rich capitalist leaders of the world .
a consumer reports survey released in november indicates that more than percent of people who haggled over furniture , electronics and appliances , floor and demonstration models scored a lower price on at least one purchase during the past three years .
phillips had an rbi triple in the fifth and put the yankees ahead for good with his eighth inning single off gary glover .
there were , births last year , , fewer than , the national statistical office nso said in a preliminary report .
the department of public enterprises said power interruptions constituted a national emergency and outlined steps that could bring higher energy prices and more conservation .
ed schrecengost , a former indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son s wedding reception , urging the guests to leave .
if the u . s . attacks again , we will annihilate the u . s . army , all of them , wipe them off the face of the earth .
he didn t have the breakdown in all the trading between the banks .
he served as a television commentator during several of the apollo moon missions and co wrote a account of the first lunar landing with the apollo crew .
he said the arming of the militia groups needed to end and that the us would be looking for results .
the debate took another turn over the weekend on reports that washington was considering speeding up the procedure to hand over the command by as early as .
a total of residents will lodge a suit against the south korean government on may to receive compensation for severe noise .
permits are required to possess rhesus monkeys and many other species of animals .
mccain says obama s tax plan will gut small business .
but clinton countered by saying that while u . s . forces might have to pursue action inside pakistan on the basis of actionable intelligence , it was a very big mistake to telegraph that and to destabilize the musharraf regime , which is fighting for its life against the islamist extremists who are in bed with al qaeda and the taliban .
the israeli air strikes began after hezbollah seized two israeli soldiers in a raid into israel on wednesday .
flores resigned from his position at the spy agency in january , saiz said .
sen . john mccain claimed victory in florida s republican primary , and sen . hillary clinton took the state s democratic contest tuesday night .
the sole clue was a signature at the bottom of several drawings
in sentencing , bradley told the offenders that the victim was not forced and she probably agreed to have sex with all of you but warned them that having sex with anyone younger than was illegal and they could end up in prison .
the son of the former playboy playmate died after coming to the bahamas to meet his new baby sister on sept . , .
our cosmonauts had no experience but , as you saw , everything went successfully , vitaly davydov , deputy head of federal space agency , said at a news conference at russia s mission control in korolyov just outside moscow .
authorities have also urged iranians to cancel unnecessary travel and warned that the snowfall would continue in the coming days .
in addition , rctv s colombia based affiliate , caracol , has agreed to transmit the evening installment of el observador over its international signal .
the club confirmed that the american surgeon , who has also operated on england striker michael owen , had already acted to repair the knee .
although lawmakers describe it as a resolution rather than a bill , they also say it would be made law if karzai approves it .
architect david fisher hopes to build his dynamic towers in russia and the united arab emirates by the end of , he said tuesday at a press conference in new york .
roy argues the city could not survive without the services that the slum dwellers provide .
the bush administration continues to support musharraf , who it views as a key ally in the war on terrorism .
but the present is nothing compared to the future .
presently , only u . s . and russian made meals are served in the international space station .
descending from a bus , the activists ran through the embassy s main gate that was guarded by private guards only .
tense talks continue this morning on a bill to get billion aid for the auto industry , the white house pushing for tougher consequences than congressional democrats want , for automakers failure to bring costs under control .
a rumbling of tensions in the middle east has worried traders about the disruption of oil exports .
i found security in that because the terrorists cannot get you unless they know where you are going .
beach , says the sheer beauty of hanalei is breathtaking .
i tried to explain my case scientifically and the good faith in which it happened , the sprinter told reporters as he left the hearing .
representatives to the six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff concentrated on bilateral meetings and working group discussions through the weekend to hammer out a draft statement of principles the first time any joint declaration will have come out of four rounds of negotiations .
the poll of , adults , conducted oct . , gave a margin of error of plus or minus three percentage points .
survivors told of being stranded by the surging waters .
the machine doesn t come with a built in optical drive for reading cds and dvds , a feature jobs says consumers won t miss because they can download movies and music over the internet and access the optical drives on other pcs and macs to install new software .
turkish helicopters pounded rebel positions near the border with rockets for a second day and turkey brought in troops by the truckload in an operation against mountainside emplacements .
the blazers are pumping huge clouds of smoke into the sky and forcing tens of thousands of people to shelters .
the concert included music by two us composers and a korean folk song , and was broadcast live on local television .
sen . hillary clinton will officially end her campaign for the presidency by the end of the week , multiple sources told cnn .
there s a move underway to get some of the money from the government s financial bailout to the nation s carmakers .
accompanied by bush s father , former president george h . w . bush , a veteran of the war , and his wife , barbara , the queen placed a wreath in honor of the , u . s . troops who died .
but stock markets from seoul to sydney posted gains of more than percent after signs that u . s . takeover activity could soon recover boosted wall street overnight .
the highest monthly death toll four troops and a defense department civilian came in june .
while secretary rumsfeld and i have had our differences , he deserves americans respect and gratitude for his many years of public service , mccain said last year when rumsfeld stepped down .
oxford scientists have discovered that a crow called betty is no bird brain .
it looks like insurgents killed the soldiers in an attack , but it s not clear when .
climb a few flights of stairs at lunch and jog after dinner .
the government recently cut the annual interest rate cap on private moneylenders to percent from percent .
klein did all the electric wiring , worked on the framing and put three coats of paint on all the walls and ceilings .
she said she took the steroid known as the clear , or thg , from that time until , covering her participation in the olympic games in sydney , australia .
volunteers for the presidential candidates unofficially created campaign headquarters , held grass roots rallies , handed out virtual buttons and t shirts , and signed up actual voters in second life , the vast virtual world developed by san francisco based linden lab .
the ring was missing the thin portion on the underside that ordinarily carries its owner s name .
airbus , which is owned by european aeronautic defence space co . , has delivered four a s to singapore airlines so far , and more are in various stages of production .
almost years ago , ginsberg was treated for colon cancer .
all parties had made their utmost efforts , and some positive progress has been made , qin said .
for those who are concerned that we get as many of these mine resistant ambush protected heavy vehicles into iraq as possible , percent of those vehicles today are being flown into iraq through turkey .
south korea has a history of leniency toward corporate titans .
they compared the sleep patterns of people who had been given different dosages of the drug minutes before sleep and those who had been given a placebo .
now , it s putting that information together in a tool that google says could detect flu outbreaks faster than traditional systems currently in use .
president bush on sunday issued a disaster declaration sunday in five southwestern wisconsin counties after a federal emergency management agency assessment a day earlier .
the official draw was held at the asia football confederation s headquaters .
he then went on a shooting spree .
the family has said that it has a side contract that proves grand national party gnp candidate lee myung bak is the actual owner of bbk , an asset management company kim kyung joon set up in , and is thus involved in the stock rigging .
doctors said abe was being treated for a stomach complaint probably caused by extreme exhaustion and stress .
experts say elephants are usually mild animals but can become violent when under stress .
iraqi hospital and police officials said civilians were killed in the raid , but the u . s . military said civilians were not among the dead , reuters reported .
beef consumption in korea recorded the lowest level in nine years .
the monthly trade surplus stood at . billion , the highest since december .
bush on auto bailout , war in iraq , shoe throwing reporter
yet there were no differences between the two groups on ratings of honesty , attractiveness or strength , traits not associated with either warm or cold personalities .
meshaal said the accord will unify our ranks . there is a commitment and unity .
china had objected to koizumi s repeated visits to a controversial war linked shrine , and high level summits were suspended over the issue .
philippines military and police personnel had been surrounding the hotel , where the group was asking for president gloria macapagal arroyo to step down .
earlier this year it
ymca files a suit against kt , hanaro for fixing prices .
senior police officers said they deeply regretted that victims and their families had not seen anyone brought to justice over the bombing .
this tragedy was not a failure of the system to provide appropriate quality services for a youth that needed it , he said .
the broader shockwaves are designed to create a communal backlash inside india , but it s based on the rivalry between india and pakistan .
for boys , it starts about two years later and lasts until age or so .
the business community has also been taking a beating
last year , a sprawling asian dirt storm blew across the pacific and sprinkled millions of tons of the gobi and takla makan deserts as far east as florida , making one of the largest north american dust clouds ever recorded .
he will first call up the squad at the national football center in paju , kyonggi province , on august before its august asian cup preliminary match against taiwan .
japanese officials blasted the international monetary fund , its prescriptions for the nation s ailing economy were unprofessional and out of focus .
barreling along a deserted new jersey highway , the two of them groused about the deal going sour .
downer and australian attorney general philip ruddock were not in the city , having been delayed in jakarta following a security summit .
but movies such as rocket science deserve some space in the megaplex , too .
el bulli chef ferran adria is the brains behind the restaurant s menu .
the satellite includes some small engines that contain a toxic chemical called hydrazine which is rocket fuel .
chavez said the threat to include us on the terrorist list is washington s response to his government s successes in the region .
north korea likened thursday s train blast in ryongchon , a town of , near the chinese border , to bombs , each weighing one ton going off at the same time .
despite that , avenir still passed the course .
the hotel was built in for million . it is in the heart of the resort corridor .
more than dead bodies discovered in a town of southern baghdad .
angerer needed a bit of luck when she failed to collect daniela s eighth minute free kick and formiga was unable to hit the target from the rebound , and again when daniela s left foot volley in the rd minute flew past her but rattled the woodwork .
and you thought barack obama was elected president on november th ?
kilembe dismissed suggestions that he personally asked madonna for an air ticket .
a front page article in the financial times yesterday reporting that the bank of korea had decided no longer to intervene in foreign currency markets jolted trading in the korean won and led the bank to issue a quick statement to clarify the story .
taking up an entire city block , each of it s rooms is uniquely decorated by hand by a different artist .
the cia later reached the same conclusion .
instead , he has decided to make a bid for the senate .
computer security expert mark shavlick says he s got anti virus software running
the plan was discussed during a policy coordination meeting between top government officials and the leaders of the ruling uri party at the national assembly .
and where you haggle makes a difference .
authorities found qian xun xue alone and confused at a station in the southern australian city of melbourne on saturday .
news footage aired on china central television showed partly collapsed brick homes and soldiers knocking down unstable structures .
the joong ang ilbo says the agreement would be a boost to the project , which was begun with a flourish but has floundered since , reportedly because of objections by north korea s military leaders .
in an interview with the associated press in , khieu samphan said he has known verges since he was a student in france in the s , when the two were active in student movements against french colonialism and the french war in vietnam .
an investor in new york committed suicide by swallowing sleeping pills and slashing his wrists .
beijing , china cnn three aging members of the nine member committee that rules china are retiring and their replacements will be selected by the communist party s central committee on monday .
u . s . forces in south korea staged a river crossing drill along with troops from the south yesterday , a few weeks before the third round of six party talks aimed at resolving the crisis over north korea s nuclear weapons .
in a policy consultation session between the administration and the ruling party , seoul made it clear that it cannot agree under the current situation to such suggestions as a referral of the nuclear issue to the unsc or economic sanctions on the impoverished stalinist country .
after a rally at marble arch , some of the protesters march about two miles to the prime minister s residence at downing street to hand him a letter , carroll said .
our foreign policy in the years ahead will reflect the truth that to isolate and defeat terrorist extremism now involves more than military force , brown told a conference of party members in manchester , northern england , making his first speech as leader .
we shall continue to target you at home and abroad just as you target us at home and abroad . . . , gadahn also known as azzam the american says in the video provided to cnn by www . lauramansfield . com , a web site that analyzes terrorism .
the service began with a procession of officials and university graduates carrying a candle for each of the dead .
commander in afghanistan says he needs far more american troops than have been committed to that country .
this marble bust of the founder of the roman city of arles constitutes the most ancient representation known today of caesar , the ministry statement said , adding that it undoubtedly dates to the creation of arles in b . c .
that agreement also called for an emergency loya jirga to be held at the end of the six month term to appoint a longer term temporary government .
united nations cnn the u . n . security council approved a third round of sanctions against iran on monday , sending a strong signal to tehran that its refusal to suspend uranium enrichment is unacceptable and becoming increasingly costly .
four of the more than people injured were pakistanis as well , erdogan said .
some . billion movie tickets were sold during the year , as new hits such as the musical chicago , jack nicholson s new film about schmidt and gangs of new york open .
for prizes was clint eastwood s mystic river , a crime drama about three childhood friends brought together years later by a murder .
both iraqi leaders and leaders in the kurdish regional government have been under pressure to crack down on the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , a rebel group that has triggered a border crisis along iraq s northern border with turkey .
what i have focused on and what i m riveted on is how to accomplish the mission of the multi national force iraq , petraeus told warner on tuesday . watch how republicans challenged petraeus raquo
with just over four months remaining until voters weigh in at the polls , the cnn opinion research corporation survey out tuesday indicates that among registered voters nationwide , obama holds a point advantage over the arizona senator , percent to percent .
some did so reportedly including former president corazon aquino but a new commander seems to be in control .
this afternoon s events are unfortunate and our apologies go out to those innocent civilians who were affected , said u . s . military spokesman col . bill buckner . we take every precaution possible when going after the enemy , an enemy who has no concern for the safety or security of the iraqi people .
hong kong , china hundreds of people marched through the streets of hong kong on sunday to commemorate the tiananmen square protests years ago , angry over comments from a lawmaker who appeared to take china s side in the crackdown .
the joong ang ilbo reports after six years of planning and another nine months in delays , the korean government will begin construction in may of a . kilometer bridge that will connect incheon international airport on yeongjong island to songdo , a massive piece of reclaimed land that the korean government hopes will serve as the foundation for a financial and transportation nexus for northeast asia .
in the last several weeks , the musical has played to more than percent capacity .
sixteen bodies have been recovered the majority of them of women and children .
if saddam is seeking advice as the current standoff regarding the u . n . weapons inspection intensifies , he might turn to page of his pamphlet don t provoke a snake unless you have the intention and power to cut off its head .
a boat takes guests to a channel brimming with salmon and to other areas the bears frequent .
tehran vowed on tuesday to pursue plans to heighten its uranium enrichment capacity and said u . n . sanctions would not hamper centrifuge installation in the natanz plant , guarded by anti aircraft guns against feared u . s . attack .
the writers said tenet has a moral obligation to return the medal of freedom he received from president bush .
the dow gained more than a points in the opening minutes .
the statement drew a quick , sharp response from democratic front runner barack obama s campaign , which said clinton s comment was unfortunate and has no place in this campaign .
jemaah islamiyah ji is a militant islamist group active in several southeast asian countries .
hwang woo yea of the grand national party last thursday to complain about his involvement in a drive aimed at urging beijing not to repatriate north koreans in its custody to their communist homeland , according to the aide who took the call .
residents spoke of a night of horror as turgid floodwaters ripped into their homes , carried off refrigerators and cars , and left their streets gouged by sinkholes and caked in mud .
choose natural toys , and those might be toys made out of solid wood , especially if it s not finished or has a non toxic finish , greene recommended .
myers also has a year old son , who ran and hid inside the house during the shooting .
it is not clear whether he was killed , or died of natural causes .
but he said south korea would not be formally joining it in consideration of special circumstances on the korean peninsula .
a us military spokesman said the search would continue until the fate of the missing soldiers was known .
but peterson says many vets reflexively offer surgery and give little information about alternatives .
in response , yahoo issued a statement in the evening , saying the company is open to pursuing any transaction which is in the best interest of our stockholders , and that the company would be willing to evaluate alternative transactions , including any microsoft proposal .
what celeste has is one of the most feared bacteria found in hospitals
it has a december release date .
a member of the chinese delegation cued the audience when to applaud .
in his new book , at the center of the storm , tenet writes that the remark was taken out of context . as if you needed me to say slam dunk to convince you to go to war with iraq , he writes .
the leaders signed the founding act at a ceremony at argentina s presidential palace hosted by president nestor kirchner and his wife , president elect cristina fernandez , who takes office monday .
for the first time al fayed implicated diana s sister , lady sarah mccorquodale , in the alleged cover up .
barr , who played a prominent role in the impeachment of former president bill clinton , told supporters at the libertarian national convention in denver , we have only days to win this election .
kandahar , afghanistan cnn nato is acknowledging youtube as its new battleground in the six year war on taliban fighters in afghanistan , as the military alliance posts formerly secret surveillance and attack video .
east timor , should he step down ?
even peace and unprecedented prosperity have not shaken the assumption that south east asia s fate will be decided by outsiders .
supplies were running low at airport concessions for those enduring the wait , the seattle station said .
the threatened departure of kim hong up , son of former president kim dae jung , means the country s newest party could be one of its most short lived .
a french official confirmed thursday that the couple had chosen vaux le vicomte , a th century chateau miles southeast of paris , as the venue for their wedding festivities .
in a case of better late than never , the government has come up with plans , including korean wave type programs , to lure foreign students here to offset the exodus of koreans to schools abroad and the decreasing birthrate .
he now has his own special interest . he has a group of people he can go to and ask them to participate in helping him pass his legislative agenda , raseij said .
the speaker also repeats his claim of sole responsibility for the september , , attacks on new york and washington , which killed nearly , people .
a joint team from the national intelligence service and the defense security command is investigating a case in which confidential documents of the defense acquisition program administration , outlining vital defense development projects , were recently posted on the internet .
does he think he d rank behind three big signal callers ?
the labor department reports another , americans signed up for unemployment benefits for the first time .
whether joe torre broke clubhouse confidences or not in his new book , new yorkers love him
fiscal measures require a two thirds vote for approval .
chertoff said the system will make it easier for u . s . officials to check travelers against terror watch lists , and will help travelers by allowing them to deal with possible problems before they get to u . s . borders .
tampa bay rays reach baseball s world series
beijing , china cnn the death toll in china s outbreak of hand foot mouth disease has risen to children , with the capital beijing reporting its first case wednesday , state media said .
london , england cnn five people got the lavish ride of a lifetime as the only passengers on a transatlantic flight , causing environmental groups to criticize the major carrier for leaving a wasteful carbon footprint .
its chairman is the chief justice and many members appear to be retired doctors or professors .
families of victims of the srebrenica massacre buried more victims on wednesday , at an annual ceremony that has become the main event of their lives since the atrocity by bosnian serb forces .
markets across asia and europe suffered heavy losses as the fallout from the shock sale of bear sterns continued but wall street recovered most of its losses on a dramatic monday .
lord justice scott baker told the jury at the inquest into the deaths of the princess and her lover dodi fayed that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate one way or the other whether she was in the early stages of pregnancy .
a disorganized bankruptcy could create enormous economic difficulties , further economic difficulties , he said . i feel a sense of obligation to my successor to make sure there is a not a huge economic crisis .
when your airline blames the weather , question it .
we caught one at the counter this morning , said maria boyer at a cafe near the famed champs elysees .
commercial whaling was stopped in but japan is permitted whaling in the name of scientific research .
ukraine s state run gas company said gazprom , the russian energy giant , had shut three of four export pipelines that take natural gas through ukraine to the rest of europe , significantly reducing supply .
cnn so , what exactly is news in a virtual world ?
vessels are also known to have sister ships .
the missouri senator says it s clear pelosi had been told about the interrogation method , although he acknowledges he wasn t at the briefing
paint peeling off , it carried a slogan that bears little connection with the reality of the impoverished country
the australian contingent had been traveling with australia s foreign minister in indonesia , the associated press quoted australian treasurer peter costello saying .
he is the second policeman from the squad to have come out after yoojeong min shik identified himself as being gay and refused to finish his service term for which he was imprisoned in .
she produced nearly two dozen exercise videos and her autobiography , my life so far , was a best seller .
offering some respite was an unexpected drop in the country s jobless rate to . percent in november from . percent a month earlier .
a u . s . forest service investigation found that the campfire south of lake tahoe was built in a campfire restricted area , but it said there was no evidence it was deliberately set to spark the devastating wildfire that has displaced about , people .
the united nations security council held an emergency session and later said it unanimously condemned the assassination .
the government has drafted an amendment to the civil law to lower the legal adult age from the current years old to .
the pair were abducted in saangar district of kunar by the enemies of afghanistan , said the local governor s spokesman shah wasi mangal .
a police officer also died in one of the blasts .
it was not clear what caused the crash , or if it was related to kim s journey .
the woman was arrested wednesday and was taken across the country , traveling miles from her home in southern miyazaki to be detained in sapporo , where the man lives , the official said .
new york cnn there s never been a better time to be a bargain hunter .
it was launched in december but almost immediately lost power and cannot be controlled .
more fallout over the bush administration s memos on harsh interrogation methods .
zoo spokeswoman lora lamarca said zoo officials could not comment on how the year old siberian tiger named tatiana had managed to get out of its habitat a grotto surrounded by a moat and high wall .
she was the internal political unit chief at the american embassy in seoul in .
we watched oklahoma make a one routine play after the next .
parents expressed huge relief .
a mother , her child and at least seven other people died while trying to flee a burning , wooded area in the mountainous villages in the western peloponnese , near the town of zaharo , according to a fire brigade official .
police fired tear gas , and the students hurled back rocks and small homemade explosives called potato bombs aluminum foil wrapped around gunpowder .
the explosion in wu an city in the northern hebei province happened on sunday ,
he attempted a braking maneuver and the vehicle slid sideways off the end of the runway .
a japanese professor , after a meeting with a senior north korean official last week , quoted the official as saying that a nuclear weapons test by pyongyang was unavoidable .
the two koreas held their first leaders summit seven years ago , a meeting that brought improved ties between the two sides , who remain technically at war .
both president kibaki and dinga have called for the killing to stop .
while newspapers have given lots of attention to school violence , drama is an area where we re not supposed to really be talking about such things , because it is such a large problem , van sant said .
cnn s ben wedeman said from gaza one hospital had lights only in the intensive care unit , and that doctors on the wards were using candles and flashlights .
the month agreement followed intense talks between the imf and brazil as treasury secretary paul o neill was wrapping up a fact finding mission to the region .
marines in the third day of a battle to pacify the sunni muslim city of fallujah fired a rocket and dropped a pound , laser guided bomb on a mosque compound wednesday , and witnesses said dozens were killed .
a lot of public schools are closed in massachusetts today .
deby officially pardoned the seven convicts monday , state radio announced .
the million telescope collects the light from stars and sends them straight to a spectrometer that , like a prism , separates light into its colored wavelengths .
he says one to two dozen members of congress are among those taking turns reading the bible aloud
lasers have been used in past tests at the range to shoot down slower katyusha rockets similar to those fired at israel by militant guerrilla groups in neighboring lebanon .
but patriotism , and accusations that opponents of the war are letting down the troops have been the subject of fierce political debate in washington .
asked whether he supported a boycott , sarkozy said he could not close the door to any possibility .
hammon was born in hilldale , utah , and raised in colorado city , arizona , towns where followers of jeffs the president and prophet , seer and revelator of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints flds freely practice polygamy .
berlin zoo denied media allegations on tuesday that knut the celebrity polar bear cub was responsible for the sudden demise of one of its older attractions , a year old panda who was found dead in her cage .
many citizens have raised speculation that the korean and u . s . governments had already shared information about the kidnapping , but kept it secret for political reasons .
helicopters continued food drops with packets containing gram powder , salt , candles and match boxes to stranded villagers in india .
but unlike yesterday s freebies , you do have to pay for the fancy christmas drinks .
shia and sunni muslim leaders have expressed their condemnation , while us president george w bush branded it a despicable act of violence .
during his meeting with jiang , kim was believed to have expressed a strong doubt that north korea would ever get security guarantees from the united states even if it gives up its nuclear weapons .
the objective was just for him to be on the pitch and give the people the dessert they were looking for , chelsea coach jose mourinho said . the fans ate it up .
roh , a sharp critic of the united states , called for a national referendum on the question of how u . s . forces here could be used .
by contrast , the westinghouse cbs combination merely piles two broadcasters on top of each other .
kenyan president mwai kibaki had said saturday he was ready to consider a government of national unity .
touch screens will also play a role in the home , according to the microsoft funded living tomorrow project .
if they are charged , the mccanns who left portugal sunday to return to their home in rothley , england will have five days to present themselves to police in portugal .
the official xinhua news agency said there were riots in tibetan inhabited areas in the provinces of sichuan and gansu . both provinces neighbor tibet .
the united states broke off diplomatic ties with iran in april in the midst of the seizure of the u . s . embassy .
he also mentioned drugs , which weaken the mind and obscure intelligence pollution as well as the widening social and economic differences between the rich and the poor that cause an unbearable social injustice .
a trendy take on the classic izakaya , which serves up treats like potato dumplings stuffed with scallops .
that s washington correspondent brian thomas .
al qaeda s deputy leader said in a videotape broadcast that on sunday that governments could not stop al qaeda attacks and that the security of the west depended on respect for islam and an end to aggression against muslims .
the couple lives in cairo , egypt , but she is eager to return to her country , where she has a home .
this is one of the greatest adventures in business history .
the memorial service will take place on friday at the guards chapel in london , years to the day after diana was killed in a high speed car crash in paris alongside her lover , dodi fayed .
heavy rain could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslides in parts of southern and central mexico , according to the hurricane center .
seoul ap south korea opened a road across its heavily militarized border with north korea on wednesday , the first such connection between the countries in more than five decades .
two british journalists working in iraq for us news network cbs are among at least people killed in a day of bomb attacks in and around baghdad .
there are no fewer than film festivals in london , ranging from the london korean film festival to a films showcase from lesbian and gay directors .
a hundreds of thousands who will attend obama s inauguration and parade in washington , can expect to be under the steady gaze of security cameras and police , or both .
french president jacques chirac asked the afghan government for help thursday .
state department reiterated wednesday that north korea must disclose fully its nuclear programs and activities , amid signs of delay in multinational negotiations that hinge on how honest the disclosure is .
early risers can even surf with the owners , who ride tandem on a longboard , samanachakra . com .
the street was sealed off while police investigated and was likely to remain closed for the foreseeable future , they said .
and i won t do it means that i am colluding , walters said .
in china at present , suppression is merely providing falun gong members with a sense of solidarity .
illegal copies of microsoft s windows xp operating system are on sale for about at moscow markets .
late tuesday evening in seoul , the shooter was identified as cho seung hui , a senior in the english department , who the south korean foreign ministry said had been living in the united states since .
the government approved the loan after air france klm yanked its bid to purchase the state run airline .
the rebels told afghan authorities to trade taliban prisoners for the hostages by pm local time .
he was described as a close associate of yilmaz who was assessed to be a courier for the same al qaeda cell and a close associate of yilmaz and senior leaders within al qaeda .
indeed , there are even whole sites devoted to venting , such as justrage . com one screed there was titled , i don t give a flying f , so f you and mybiggestcomplaint . com . this is not a world emily post would want to be caught in after dark .
beach s list is siesta beach in sarasota , florida .
a billion war spending bill , which would have required u . s . troops to begin leaving iraq within days , passed the house but stalled last week in the senate with republicans balking at the withdrawal provision .
london , england cnn britain s home secretary said wednesday she was extremely disappointed at a court s decision to release on bail a radical muslim cleric known as osama bin laden s spiritual ambassador to europe .
data should begin arriving on earth on tuesday , mcnutt said .
the study found that the buildings , subways , buses , cars and decomposition of waste in america s most populous city produced a net emission of . million metric tons of greenhouse gases in .
a year old who was previously convicted of torching a palace has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed namdaemun , south korea s oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , authorities said on tuesday .
legal adult age , to be lowered from to .
much of personal computing is about can you top this ?
eva maudlin denied it .
motorcycles , pieces of which were found at nearly every bomb site , appear to have been used in the attacks , said rajasthan home minister gulab chand kataria .
the condition is fundamentally a brain problem that occurs when a person crosses time zones suddenly , which throws the brain s clock out of synch .
speaking after the launch of myspace s korean language version in seoul , chris dewolfe said he was confident about its prospects in a country that has proved difficult for foreign online services such as google .
damascus , syria cnn sitting in a room with the top hamas leader a man israel would prefer dead is not an easy feeling , knowing that at any second a missile could shatter the building , killing everyone inside , myself included .
just over half a million voters will pick the new president in monday s election , which outgoing president xanana gusmao says is a chance to demonstrate his nation is not a failed state .
pentagon officials say most of the troops are from the th military intelligence brigade that was assigned to the prison when the abuses occurred .
reports said the reclusive north korean leader had expressed his willingness to benchmark vietnam s openness and reform policy doi moi while meeting with nong in pyongyang .
in his first state of the nation speech since taking office earlier this year , president dmitry medvedev warned that russian missiles will be deployed against the planned u . s . missile shield in eastern europe .
and some needs and hurts are so deep they will only respond to a mentor s touch or a pastor s prayer .
india and brazil welcomed the deal ratified after six days of talks which will end subsidies by , while the eu said it was acceptable .
the commission s quick turnaround was a contrast to the five weeks it took the zec to release results from the march election .
the communist nation said it would take unspecified military actions to punish south korea .
talks between japan and north korea aimed at normalizing their troubled relations are being held in an honest atmosphere , a japanese official said .
washington terrorism expert alistair miller of the center on global counter terrorism co operation tells the ap it s important to note where the violence happened and to whom
yes , we ve been secretly working to produce nukes , a top aide to dear leader kim jong il told astonished u . s . envoy james kelly .
that prompted the british military to withdraw the prince for security reasons four weeks before the end of his week deployment .
all defendants proclaimed their innocence in the opening days of the trial .
by a margin , percent to percent , debate watchers said obama would do a better job on health care .
the crossings are along the administrative boundary line between kosovo and serbia .
seven election officials in zimbabwe have been arrested , accused of undercounting votes for president robert mugabe , state run television reported monday .
among those who did not make the cut was jeanette ponder , a year old internet blogger from east orange , new jersey who considered herself an or .
the new people s army rebels have been fighting the government for years and are included on u . s . and european union lists of terrorist organizations .
kim was a former business partner with lee myung bak , the south korean opposition s presidential candidate , who has a big lead in the upcoming dec .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan reacted sternly monday to comments by afghan president hamid karzai , who said afghan troops have the right to enter pakistan to confront islamic militants .
the rebels , led by sen . antonio trillanes , a former navy lieutenant charged with a similar failed power grab in , and u . s . trained army brig . gen . danilo lim , demanded president gloria macapagal arroyo s resignation due to a string of corruption scandals and human rights abuses .
we did everything we could do , but we couldn t keep her breathing , beyer said . dianne had gotten a lot weaker over the past several months , and she just didn t have the strength to keep going .
automakers toyota and ford halted their china based production this week .
that s why everybody on the street today , years later , knows the name amelia earhart , said tighar founder and executive director ric gillespie . she is america s favorite missing person .
the oil ministry issued a statement at p . m . tuesday that the restrictions would go into effect at midnight .
howe , a professor emeritus at oxford and ucla , was a finalist for the national book critics circle award for what hath god wrought , which examines america from the battle of new orleans to the end of the war with mexico .
shannon , ireland cnn us secretary of state condoleezza rice cautioned the un nuclear watchdog group wednesday not to interfere with international diplomacy over iran s alleged weapons program .
park allegedly obtained the tape from former nis agent kong un yong who led a special wiretapping unit .
sapa also reported that the right reverend rubin philip reiterated the call for government action on crime .
the joong ang ilbo reports grand national party chairwoman park geun hye said yesterday she would step down from her post in korea s largest opposition party on june , a de facto announcement of her presidential bid in the election .
six homes were destroyed and damaged by winds as the storm s eye stayed well south of hispaniola the island that includes haiti and the dominican republic .
samsung group has hit a roadblock in its move to transfer chairman lee kun hee s wealth to his only son jae yong , as a court tuesday convicted two of the group s executives for assisting in the wealth transfer through illicit bond deals a decade ago .
officials do not yet know what caused the truck to turn on its side , but said they think the driver may have been driving too fast .
i know just how important that is to you .
during kim s visit , china pledged aid to help north korea s economic development , kcna said without elaborating .
the first floor and basement are flooded but intact , the third and fourth floors gone .
his last public statement was an audio message issued in december , when he urged his followers in iraq to continue battling u . s . troops there .
neil , , kept his head covered with a blue shirt as he was paraded in front of a throng of photographers as he arrived in bangkok friday .
cnn bangladesh police have detained or arrested more than , people in the last days in a crackdown on crime they say is aimed at improving security ahead of december elections .
nato s international security assistance force at the time called his death a serious blow to the resurgent taliban in the region .
trains would whisk cargos at up to mph feet beneath the seabed .
that figure represents percent of global emissions from an area representing . percent of the land on earth .
the entrance s security scanner was not working , abu bakr told the ap , and pedestrians entering the zone were subject to hand searches and passed through metal detectors , he said .
a law school student and former beauty pageant contestant who has posed for a racy calendar while brandishing a weapon has been accused of kidnapping , biting and threatening a former boyfriend with a handgun .
those included the march purchase of two empty , round magazines for a walther p handgun from a company in rigby , idaho , that sells hunting and shooting supplies .
they have never quite explained how it can be that a voluntary standard , like they propose , will really either be used by the people they re most interested in listening in to , which is unlikely , or ultimately be widespread , because in fact , the likelihood is that many people most concerned about security for very good reasons will distrust a standard that is designed , in part , to be intercepted .
besides the internet , the outage caused major disruption to television and phone services , creating chaos for the uae s public and private sectors .
the korea herald reports the nation s business community on wednesday urged the public to stop organizing rallies against the president s impeachment in order to prevent the political turmoil from scuttling a nascent recovery of asia s fourth largest economy .
mansfield said it appears to be more of a state of the ummah community style of address intended to try and provide advice to the muslim world in a manner similar to the fireside chat .
the party also claimed that the group that hosted roh s lecture , the participatory government evaluation forum , was a campaign organization that the election law prohibits from being formed prior to the beginning of the campaign .
the year old was admitted for tests overnight after she reported she was in a little bit of pain .
the poll also suggested that more americans think the country is ready for a black president than a female president .
i think he is a transformational figure , he is a new generation coming onto the world stage , onto the american stage , and for that reason i ll be voting for sen . barack obama , powell said on nbc s meet the press .
a total of , test takers will undergo the internet based test comprised of four sections listening , speaking , reading and writing .
jessie nelson , a producer on fred claus who came up with the story , said the idea hit her one night as she tucked her young daughter in bed .
the navy boarded the north korean ship dai hong dan to provide medical assistance at the crew s invitation after the crew had overpowered and detained pirates in the waters off somalia .
there is no question the united states should have dropped the atomic bombs on japan in the summer of .
baghdad , iraq cnn two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives friday and sent into busy baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top iraqi government official said .
gault and murphy face charges including unlawful restraint , reckless endangerment , custodial interference and risk of injury to a minor .
nowak s attorney said the charges overstate her conduct .
the mexican government declared a state of emergency in southern baja california . see the storm s impact in los cabos , mexico raquo
u . s . and afghan forces engaged al qaeda and other violent extremist fighters in eastern afghanistan during a combined arms assault using precision munitions . there have been no substantiated reports of civilian casualties in this engagement , said capt . vanessa r . bowman , a u . s . army spokeswoman .
the decision , which cannot be appealed , was greeted with shock and tears at thai rak thai headquarters , where hundreds watched the proceedings on television .
by the time they hit , the gap has narrowed , but the risk is still percent higher in men .
they repeated official lines , but on occasion their comments threw rare glimpses into the north korean thinking .
physical and psychological concepts are much more closely aligned in the mind than we have previously appreciated , said williams , now at the university of colorado .
the group , accompanied from libya by cecilia sarkozy , was immediately greeted by a delegation of government officials and family members .
the largest corporate jets are usually modified versions of the airbus or boeing that sell for about million .
and its top shareholder lg group over a bailout offer from a u . s . consortium .
pope s christmas eve homily calls for mideast peace
even though these glaciers contain only percent of the water tied up in the great ice sheets of antarctica and greenland , they could account for percent of an anticipated rise in the world s sea level by the year .
maruca kovac told cnn hawkins left the house wednesday about a . m . , and called her about two hours later , sounding upset .
soldiers now dine on penne pasta with vegetarian sausage in spicy tomato sauce , chicken breast fillet and boneless pork rib .
the images appear to be authentic u . s . military identification cards , a military official in washington said .
authorities detained four captors after intercepting them on a road leading to the western part of the country , and one other was unaccounted for , the bolivarian news agency reported .
kang fled north korea in and now works as a journalist in seoul .
the central bank said korean exporters are competing under less favorable trade conditions , but it expected the situation to get better .
south korea plans to quietly ask the united states to sell it four surveillance planes to watch north korea , though washington refused to sell them last year , fearing technology leaks , the joong ang ilbo quotes a government official as saying yesterday .
for her part , rice has criticized what she sees as democratic setbacks in president vladimir putin s russia .
nearly six million gallons of oil leaked into the atlantic , killing up to , birds and blackening beaches .
fifty eight members of congress have sent a letter to the hhs , urging them to take action .
christie described tuesday how the group s plot which he said had been in the works since january was foiled .
clinton also has traditionally done well with working class voters a group with considerable influence in the upcoming primary .
speaking from neighboring thailand , the spokesman for the resistance organization the national council of the union of burma myanmar , soe aung , told cnn that at least one monk died after clashes with security forces in yangon .
russian president vladimir putin on tuesday denounced britain for making insulting demands that betrayed outdated colonial thinking , in comments likely to escalate a row over the murder of alexander litvinenko .
president george w . bush has just announced an effort to ease airline delays during the holiday travel season starting next week .
survivors of a storm that killed more than , people in the impoverished nation of bangladesh grieved and buried their loved ones monday as they waited for aid to arrive .
the nasa report found the astronauts knew for about seconds that they did not have control of the shuttle before they likely were knocked unconscious as columbia broke apart around them .
treasury secretary timothy geithner tells abc s this week that the us and other major economies will have to work together to solve the financial crisis , and any solution will not be a quick fix
the ap s rebecca santana on gaza s southern border reports some wounded are being evacuated to egypt
cnn a total of four earthquakes the strongest of them a powerful . magnitude quake hit western china on friday , the u . s . geological survey reported .
a hanoi court convicted nguyen thi thanh , , for violating regulations protecting rare wild animals .
brown is already on probation after pleading guilty to assault in a dispute over paying for a manicure .
the fire left only of the more than , homes standing , said home ministry spokesman mod raj dotel .
the white house said it provided an airplane equipped with medical equipment to fly talabani to amman .
however , we must respect the constitutional rights of the people involved and the decision of those individuals and their counsel to protect those rights .
as many as , of america s , service stations have old style meters that need to be fixed about , individual pumps , said bob renkes , executive vice president of the petroleum equipment institute of tulsa , oklahoma .
in the cnn opinion research corp . survey released monday , percent of likely democratic primary voters said obama is their choice for the party s nominee , while percent backed clinton .
zsa zsa gabor s husband , frederic von anhalt , has said he and smith had a decade long affair and that he could have fathered the child .
her swimming skills are perfect and she insisted on doing this , huang daosheng said in a telephone interview .
they are investigating whether other ministries also bought paintings via shin .
gnp chairman kang jae sup has initially invited four unnamed independent lawmakers elect to join the conservative party .
if the talks succeed , north korea could produce a declaration of its nuclear history by the end of the month as part of a deal the united states has been working on with pyongyang , senior officials told cnn last week .
illinois sen . barack obama on sunday accused sen . hillary clinton of echoing the bluster of president bush when she threatened to obliterate iran if it used nuclear weapons against israel . this kind of language is not helpful , he told nbc s meet the press sunday morning .
but a new report by wildlife monitoring network traffic warns that large scale ivory smuggling to asian countries including china and japan is threatening to undermine conservation efforts , with around , elephants still estimated to be poached every year .
the car was parked near a hospital and a market
san antonio s four game sweep was the eighth since the finals began in .
wednesday s point loss was the dow s th worst ever .
the future first lady on cbs s minutes saying malia and sasha obama are good with the decision to wait
finnish media reported someone posted a message two weeks ago on the web site , warning of a bloodbath at the school .
australians were found to be the world s worst polluters per capita , producing five times as much carbon from generating power as china .
nabors , , of rocky face , georgia , discovered wednesday morning that he had won half the record setting million mega millions jackpot in tuesday night s drawing .
jaisham received a hand wound and was flown to the capital of male for treatment because he could not move some of his fingers , shareef told ap .
a vampy deneuve sits perched on a vuitton suitcase in a foggy train station or is it a movie set ?
in , then president harry truman launched his urban renewal initiative .
kang , , faces up to years in prison when she is sentenced august in federal court in virginia .
but after ahmad black s interception , the gator tagged on the clinching score on tebow s yard pass to david nelson .
it s easier to leave it sleeping and not aggravate it , he said .
kyle was expected to remain to the east of the u . s . northeast coast , and affect the canadian maritimes area .
beichuan county , china cnn chinese soldiers and engineers have completed a spillway from an earthquake created lake that was threatening to burst its banks in the central county of beichuan , state run news agency xinhua reported sunday .
state owned private equity firm istithmar will become the new owner of the qe , the longest serving ship in the year history of the cunard line , which belongs to carnival corp . , the world s largest cruise operator .
post olympics beijing is a vastly changed landscape from the one that existed in when the city won the bid .
the girls had sent the photos to their boyfriends , who forwarded them to others , officials said .
the second person was a year old woman who reportedly started a fire while cooking in her garden in zaharo , one of the hardest hit areas in the south .
that will allow time for the crew to finish extra work preparing the orbital outpost for the arrival later this year and next year of laboratories built by europe and japan .
we don t know when it will recover , said kongrit . the government should be taking steps to solve this problem .
the united nations estimates that there are currently six million people living with hiv in south africa and just one in of them get the treatment they need .
i felt like the ad was an attack , not only on gen . petraeus , but on the u . s . military , bush said . and i was disappointed that not more leaders in the democratic party spoke out strongly against that kind of ad .
the spaceship landed in california because of poor weather in florida .
walker , a manhattan music executive , says he and his partner had talked about adopting a baby years ago .
the un security council resumed debate on thursday on a draft resolution in response to the launches . the document , co sponsored by the us , uk and japan , calls for sanctions against north korea , but differences in approach are already emerging among key powers .
the ceremony paused for a minute s silence at a . m . when the first plane hit the north tower .
this is definitely one of the best ever .
the singer adopted a boy , david banda , from malawi in which became official last year .
the discovery is part of the sprawling necropolis and burial site of the rulers of ancient memphis , the capital of egypt s old kingdom , about kilometers miles south of giza .
in an interview with the bbc , prince william , , admitted to nervousness . we ll probably be gibbering wrecks by the end of it , he said .
more importantly , he said , the new mapping technique provides detail that was previously unavailable and gives policymakers better tools to prepare for potential disasters .
the killings of several anti syrian figures have left lebanon s government with only a slim majority .
clapton s north korean debut may not be imminent , however .
it will be released in south korea today .
i think they were not a problem , we were the problem because it s a game you can win by five , six or seven .
impossible films plays in the background .
my goal is to lock in the progress we have made so far , to build on it so that this terrible trauma may one day cease .
it s very demoralizing , joshi told cnn . and it s quite humiliating .
no to islamic law , no to military coups
in a statement february , al maliki said medical examinations proved the woman had not been sexually assaulted .
at least theoretically , that should mean no more unpleasant surprises when you buy a ticket for travel within europe or to europe .
the bold move is a massive change for a country where the cigarette came to symbolize the french way of life .
even though windows xp hasn t been released , there already are downloadable programs that work to disable its copy protection .
nasa s mars odyssey spacecraft has reportedly detected water ice under the surface of the red planet , a finding that could be a giant step in exploration of mars .
the iaaf made the decision when it held its member executive council meeting in mombasa , kenya .
afghanistan embodies some of the biggest challenges for foreign policy , miliband said on tuesday in kabul . the challenges and problems are manifold .
alabama gov . bob riley declared a state of emergency for the area and on thursday ordered the national guard to send a contingent of troops , including medics and roving security patrols , from mobile to enterprise .
the first two groups of hostages were handed over to officials of the international committee of the red cross and were then taken to meet south korean government officials in ghazni .
the cause of the blast is not yet known .
the protests were linked to local government moves to intensify family planning policies , villagers said .
he said it was unclear what was the exact cause of death and added that berlin wanted the remains returned to germany as soon as possible for a closer examination .
sichuan provincial military commander xia guofu led more than soldiers and disaster workers into the epicenter of the quake wenchuan county in sichuan province on tuesday .
the obamas will then greet the public at an open house in the white house .
the prize also became another welcome recognition given to a korean actress on the international level , years after kang soo yeon won the best actress award for her role in sibaji , or the surrogate woman , at the venice international film festival in .
talks between the rebels and venezuelan president hugo chavez recently led to the release of two hostages , including rojas .
its gravitational pull keeps planets in orbit around it .
and even if you make what used to be considered good wages , they don t cover the increase in costs , in everything from energy to health care .
genoa offered a jumping off spot for the crusaders .
uribe says that after losing weight on a high protein diet he started two years ago , he s down to about pounds .
in addition to ordering the twice weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach , who was to observe her interactions with her children .
immediately after that , there was a series of maybe to more shots up on the third floor .
bush said tuesday that abbas and olmert have agreed to immediately implement their respective obligations under the road map .
i don t want folks to venture out because we re having church and they feel obligated , the rev . glenn mortimer said after calling off services at wakefield lynnfield united methodist church in wakefield , massachusetts .
he stands below , according to guinness , ukraine s foot . leonid stadnyk and china s bao xi shun , who is feet . inches .
the encouraging words come from neel kashkari , head of the government s billion rescue program
mccain s lawyer , robert bennett , attacked the premise of the story .
americans aren t too happy with the way things are going in the nation s capital .
in the west of england , several thousand protesters converged on the raf fairford air force base , used by u . s .
seoul ap with opposition growing to the iraq war , south korean lawmakers postponed a vote for a second time on march on a contentiousbill authorizing the dispatch of non combat military personnel to the gulf .
the demonstrators are die hard supporters of the former prime minister who was ousted in a military coup in .
pitt , who purchased a french quarter mansion in new orleans earlier this year with angelina jolie , said he s met th ward residents who did everything right worked hard , bought homes , sent kids to college but now feel abandoned .
he was nominated for an emmy for his role as a strategist for president bartlett on the west wing . ron silver was years old .
group leaders croatia only need a point from their final two matches away to macedonia and england to secure their qualification .
abrahamian disputed a penalty call which decided his semifinal bout against andrea minguzzi in the greco roman km class .
jackson s finances fell apart following his arrest in on charges that he molested a year old boy at neverland .
the celebratory mood also caught on with people in the city of miryang , south gyeongsang province , where some percent of secret sunshine was filmed .
they landed in north korean waters .
us president george w bush is due to address the nation on thursday evening .
today even more than before , we need the consolidation of political forces and the spiritual unity of our people , he said after all delegates raised their blue , red and white cards in unison to approve his nomination .
and in opposition to the anti fta campaigners , a group of right wingers gathered for a pro fta rally and denounced their opponents .
the group also released video of an unidentified man who said dozens of detainees died .
buechel suspects the person comes in once or twice a week around midday and gets about six rolls a week from dispensers . some rolls weren t even full , he said .
it was not known what happened to them .
officials said the sunday night train attack appeared intended to disrupt india pakistan relations , but instead leaders of both nations said they would press ahead with peace talks .
the stock market s wild swings are like the mood fluctuations of a child going to the amusement park .
the pound kilogram male panda was released from wolong in april and had been trained for almost three years on how to survive in the wild .
eva marie mauldin said satan compelled her year old husband , joshua royce mauldin , to microwave their daughter may because the devil disapproved of joshua s efforts to become a preacher .
no longer does the night belong to prowlers , insomniacs , and autoworkers on the graveyard shift .
cho was in the u . s . as a resident alien with a home in centreville , va . , who lived on campus , the university said .
later , clinton said she expected to release her tax returns shortly , i hope within the next week .
several minor injuries were reported .
they are now under investigation over suspicions that they colluded with ranking finance officials to downscale keb s financial status , and helped lone star acquire the bank at a below market price .
south korean president roh moo hyun said on tuesday that north korea needed repeated reassurance it would not be threatened by force before it would give up its nuclear arms .
the prime minister is in control of the situation , da costa said , adding that the overall situation in the country was stable and calm .
two people were injured , according to witnesses , as protestors tried to break through a cordon and hurled three petrol bombs at the embassy garden .
beijing will allow hong kong to directly elect its leader by and all its lawmakers by , the territory s chief executive said saturday .
the former first lady was born claudia alta taylor in in karnack , texas , a small town near the louisiana line .
fresh evidence today the economy is forcing employers to get rid of even more workers
coalition forces killed a suspected insurgent and detained people during operations monday and tuesday to disrupt terrorist networks in central and northern parts of iraq , the u . s . military said .
we re going out for the sake of the safety of everybody , philippines sen . antonio trillanes said .
the minister was not immediately available for comment , but kilembe confirmed the minister had stopped him making the trip .
investment bank goldman sachs last week revised its oil price forecast for the second half of from to a barrel .
at least people were killed and injured , nigeria s red cross president said .
an hour before the start of the relay , thousands of chinese students thronged the park plaza , singing songs and chanting one china , one world slogans .
i don t want to enter an unsafe situation but you see this stuff coming out of france , said the american rider , who has many critics in france .
mccain s camp congratulated huckabee on the victories but with an air of confidence , saying that huckabee threatened only to chip away at mccain s substantial lead in the gop race for the presidential nomination .
the russian woman leaves behind a small daughter from another relationship .
roh , however , did not even consider replacing chun , the pro opposition korea times reported .
michael weinfeld has more
at the time of the announcement , the families were on their way to the crash site , but immediately returned to phnom penh to get details and other information .
tote bags and note cards are printed with winfrey quotes like live your own dreams .
flood warnings still up in counties in washington state .
the black and white image clearly showed craters on the moon s surface .
the goal of the operation , called v , is more than simply breaking a record , cuccaroni said .
astronomers announced the discovery of the first solar system other than our own where multiple planets travel around a star in circular orbits .
coming ahead of a big deal between the two nations , his remarks were construed as a message of support to south korean negotiators while putting down growing opposition at home .
i saw it , kim muang than told human rights watch .
but its conservative opponents said it gave an amnesty to illegal immigrants .
he could get eight years in jail .
in oaxacan culture , the food and beverages are provided by a prospective bridegroom for the wedding , grebmeier said .
engineers hope the elevator will transport people and objects into space , and there have even been suggestions that it could be used to dispose of nuclear waste .
security council resolution unless pyongyang returns to the talks .
krogbar
but you re in luck we ve done the homework and unearthed nine charming , affordable hotels .
francis said monday he and his company have nothing to worry about .
the candidates are putting in a frantic pace as they campaign in these final days before the presidential election .
china wants north korea to give up its nuclear weapons program , but pyongyang has said it needs a nuclear deterrent against a possible u . s . attack and would give up its program only in return for u . s . security guarantees .
then , he said , senior commander general david petraeus would have all the time he needs to assess the next step .
the minute film , which premieres at toronto s hot docs documentary festival next week , follows a character called mister toronto , who embarks on a cross canada trip brandishing a sign that reads toronto appreciation day and steels himself for the onslaught .
volunteers on the ground planned to search during the day saturday and sunday , said gary derks , the state department of public safety official in charge of the search .
the possibilities for news stories are as wide as the internet itself .
hillary clinton said monday she is the only candidate who would exercise the leadership needed to end the war in iraq .
gary zerola s dark , brooding looks and his work on behalf of foster children helped earn him a spot on people magazine s list of america s most eligible bachelors and a tryout for the tv reality show the bachelor .
i mean , remarkable , the republican presidential nominee continued .
iran has not responded to speculations that the confessions were coerced .
how do you prove you re a virgin in the town that inspired sex and the city ?
in addition , almost houses were destroyed , she said .
a long shot shocker at the kentucky derby
the election commission said about of votes had been counted and the situation would not change greatly .
henry fraimow , an infectious disease specialist , was trying to figure out why , after six months of antibiotics , joan was still sick .
i was probably drinking cokes a day , he said .
vacationers are scattering garbage over its battlements and carving their initials into its ancient bricks .
but pharmacies use this same number as an order number that works whether or not the drug is fda approved .
the nasdaq lost . percent and the s p nine percent .
one of the dead was a year old boy who was crushed by debris , state television reported .
she smashed all his windows .
the lebanese army pounded a palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon with heavy artillery thursday in what one high ranking lebanese security source described as a final bid to oust the islamist militants entrenched inside .
the resort also has seven restaurants and the kids will especially like the outdoor fire pit .
south korea s unification minister said on monday that the fatal train explosion in the north would not affect six way talks aimed at resolving the month standoff over pyongyang s nuclear arms program .
shops , schools and businesses were open monday in tibet s capital , lhasa , but tensions remained high throughout the territory and three neighboring provinces after days of deadly clashes .
the formal declaration was seen as a slap in the face of asian nations already outraged over abe s remarks .
the united states suspects some of the funds are linked to counterfeiting or money laundering by north korea , according to ap .
between , and , voters were expected to cast ballots tuesday , according to pamela weaver of the mississippi secretary of state s office .
it will also help you avoid inflammatory combinations of permanent and temporary employees .
the fiber in fruits can help lower blood cholesterol levels and reduce risk of heart disease .
taiwan should be independent , chen said at a banquet marking the th anniversary of the formosan association for public affairs , a pro independence group . taiwan is a country whose sovereignty lies outside the people s republic of china .
former enron bosses ken lay and jeffrey skilling have both been found guilty on fraud , conspiracy and other charges .
most observers said they did not see zubkov as putin s successor , but rather as a
the area is sparsely populated .
christopher hill of the united states and kim kye gwan of north korea will meet one on one this monday or tuesday in the chinese capital , according to several diplomatic sources quoted by yonhap news .
a report in harvard men s health watch suggests that as little as two ounces of nuts per week might lower your risk of heart disease .
but palestinian legislator saeb erakat , an abbas ally , earlier had told cnn that gaza is now officially out of our control as the palestinian authority .
there are a total of members in the federal parliament .
the men planned to kill more than african americans , including who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit .
the handful of surviving world war i veterans were celebrated tuesday as part of th anniversary commemorations of the conflict that was meant to end all wars .
opposition parties hailed their resignation , but the main opposition grand national party gnp did not slacken its offensive , demanding that president roh moo hyun himself apologize for the failure .
the cloned banteng , for instance , won t begin breeding until it reaches maturity in about six years .
china s currency revaluation propelled the won to its biggest advance in five months yesterday but korean exporters fell on the stock market on fears they will lose their price competitiveness .
in , the u . s . food and drug administration and the environmental protection agency issued a joint advisory recommending that pregnant women and nursing mothers eat no more than ounces of fish and shellfish a week to prevent developmental problems in their babies or young children caused by toxins in the seafood .
veterans by the thousands and world leaders gathered in france to commemorate the th anniversary of d day .
sales of its motorcycles decreased by nearly percent .
cnn the military is investigating a shocking and deplorable youtube video that seems to show a marine throwing a puppy off a rocky cliff .
it s a commonplace for them to go and , at least thousands of people , visit the place on the weekend .
it probably had stubby limbs with an unknown number of digits , scientists said .
light , sweet crude for december delivery rose as much as . to . a barrel , a new intraday record , in early afternoon asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , before slipping back to . .
and i ask you to remember the words of edward gibbon as he described the collapse of athens two millenary ago .
one of the children in the cave is months old , reported itar tass . temperatures in the cave are below degrees fahrenheit degrees celsius , the russian news agency reported .
german goalkeeper nadine angerer also saved a penalty from world player of the year marta , to preserve her side s remarkable record of not conceding a goal in the entire tournament .
on a scale of one to , bill was a zero , kelly remarked when asked about her partner s willingness to get an annual checkup .
akagi has denied doing anything illegal , a stance which was backed up by abe .
boredom hit in , when zane was living in north carolina , working as a sales representative . she began writing erotic stories to pass the time after her children went to bed .
the gyeonggi provincial police agency has managed to identify of the victims so far .
it s not exactly flying off the shelves it s very expensive after all but customers are buying it , barkhuzen said .
we re not neo prohibitionists or teetotalers , he said . we re not trying to tell adults what to do .
washington wants to deploy interceptor rockets in poland and a radar base in the czech republic to counter what it describes as a potential threat from rogue states such as iran and north korea .
the organizing committee will prepare the city for the olympics , while we will prepare air defense systems and ensure the security of the games , zelin was quoted as saying by the interfax news agency .
but while the albums of bon jovi s career have tended in the past decade to be more socially or politically influenced bounce was inspired by , have a nice day followed the presidential election , this album appears to be personal , filled with stories inspired by the band members lives , loves and losses .
the team of five detectives arrived in pakistan friday after musharraf agreed they should work alongside pakistani agencies to determine how bhutto was killed and who was responsible for her death .
the junta has come under renewed international pressure after it crushed pro democracy demonstrations led by buddhist monks in september .
the rejection came hours after taiwanese president chen shui bian argued that blocking his country s bid for representation in the united nations was tantamount to subjecting its citizens to political apartheid .
in exchange for the extension , gates said the service will be able to give all units a year at home between deployments .
peng s health and the fact that he has a young family .
over , fans thronged the streets surrounding the club s sanchez pizjuan stadium where a funeral chapel was installed in the early hours of wednesday morning to honor the year old player .
some of the rooms have access to the communal terrace , but you ll pay more . budget travel gallery
the association said it would back any fda move to change the advice on oral children s cough medicine .
lebanese internal security forces arrested four militants and found the bodies of militants inside the building where they had barricaded themselves , an isf spokesman said . explosives were strapped to two bodies .
one of chalfie s first experiments , the foundation said , involved using gfp to color individual cells in a transparent roundworm .
marley and me has a christmas to bark about
the work was funded by the chinese national natural science foundation and university of iowa .
the ensuing gunbattle left police and suspected insurgents dead and six police wounded , said interior ministry spokesman zemeri bashary .
korea ranked first in the world in social , economic and technology categories but was only th for quality of life .
a judge s decision not to jail nine men guilty of raping a year old girl in an aboriginal community has triggered outrage in australia . the offenders were either placed on probation or given suspended sentences for the rape in the aurukun settlement , in northern queensland .
friends , former colleagues , loved ones and the community .
on the show last saturday , two male musicians of the punk rock band couch suddenly dropped their pants and exposed their genitalia while dancing during the performance of rux , another punk band .
paris , france cnn a french woman severely disfigured by facial tumors has been found dead just two days after a court rejected her request for an assisted suicide .
coelho took over the team from guus hiddink , a dutch coach , who directed the team s success in reaching the semifinals of the world cup .
now , however , italian scientists have revealed that he met a more violent end , killed by an arrow .
the identities of the dead and wounded were not immediately known .
as for her day flight , it was absolutely wonderful . morgan said she can t wait to see what schoolchildren and teachers do with the million basil seeds she carried into space .
instead , the conglomerate proposed that hanaro make a billion won million dollars rights issue , which it would then take up .
world markets traded lower wednesday as barack obama s historic u . s . election victory gave way to renewed worries about the struggling economy .
scientists at nasa , along with a dedicated team of their designers , programmers and researchers , have put together one of the most stimulating , most thorough climate tracking sites you ll find anywhere on the web .
he said he d always back me up if i got in trouble . he is a good man , stand up and loyal .
the president s chief of staff says treasury secretary timothy geithner s job is not in danger over those aig bonuses .
how might we find out ?
democratic leaders in the senate discussed a plan of their own , which would bring troops home by march and execute a comprehensive diplomatic , political and economic strategy to settle the year old conflict . a spokesman for president bush said any such plan would be an artificial , precipitous withdrawal from iraq based on , unfortunately , politics in washington , not on conditions on the ground in baghdad , iraq .
the house of lords is the final court of appeal in the united kingdom for civil cases .
in sunday s attacks , the bomber drove a minivan packed with explosives into a house near taji , north of baghdad , a ministry official said .
he used the opportunity to criticize the nation s political system , accusing it of graft and corruption and telling filipinos not to depend on their politicians .
similar events were being held in spain , italy , australia , the united states and iraq .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert has proposed holding a regional peace conference following the revival of an arab peace initiative .
they will also use heavy duty equipment to cut through steel wreckage .
the turkish military responded to these unacceptable attacks and will continue to respond , a military statement said .
dawn drexel tells wmbf tv it s hard not knowing what has happened to her daughter brittanee
the national intelligence service recently confirmed the findings of a suspicious deaths panel in that confessions had been tortured out of the eight student activists , who had been accused by the park chung hee military regime of conspiring to overthrow the government .
two mortar rounds were fired at the green zone , an interior ministry official said .
shortly after the strike began , french prime minister francois fillon said the government is firm but would not be confrontational .
furthermore , i have no basis to believe that anyone involved in this process sought the removal of a u . s . attorney for an improper reason , gonzales wrote .
the year old briton , who is the son of james barton and arabella spencer churchill , pleaded guilty before sydney s local court to knowingly taking part in the supply of a commercial quantity of a prohibited drug .
he helped save kim from an execution attempt in by security agents of the south korean dictatorship .
from today , emi s retailers will be offered downloads of tracks and albums in the drm free audio format of their choice in a variety of bit rates up to cd quality .
the first death of a female soldier this month came august . sgt . alicia a . birchett , , a multi national division baghdad soldier from mashpee , massachusetts , died in noncombat related circumstances , according to the u . s . military .
former president kim dae jung urged seoul to pursue another inter korean summit by august regardless of what happens with north korea s nuclear arms program .
kim decided to go to iraq to earn money for graduate school as well as fulfill his dream of conducting missionary work in arabic countries .
escape africa , and it s not just because we moviegoing humans met that animated animal , voiced by ben stiller , just three years ago in the original land in africa instead , is how much alex has in common with stiller s tugg speedman in tropic thunder .
singer actress jennifer hudson will give her first performance since losing her mother , brother and nephew when she sings the national anthem next month at the super bowl , according to the national football league .
people aren t afraid of being dead but they fear the process of dying .
hawass also said that a molar found in a jar with some of the queen s embalmed organs perfectly matched the mummy .
suicide car bombers struck iran s main shi ite holy cities of najaf and kerbala , on sunday killing at least people and wounding nearly , in coordinated attacks six weeks before an historic election .
clements said that there was a youtube esque aesthetic to the daily show videos , which will be about two minutes in length each night .
a group of professors from seoul national university snu pledged monday they will launch an organized campaign against president elect lee myung bak s cross country canal project , by forming networks with other universities .
he and his wife visited their younger daughter sasha at the private sidwell friends school .
a crowd of several hundred people , many of them young women waiting to audition for america s next top model , stampeded outside a manhattan hotel yesterday
burma s military government appointed a liaison for ms .
this time , they ve gotten more depressed , as they ve learned about the problems that each of them face .
this means that asia s fourth largest economy is expected to achieve its potential growth rate of between and percent set by the government .
coach michael skibbe paid the price and was fired last week with labbadia being appointed as his replacement on monday with a two year contract .
the only survivor , bodyguard trevor rees formerly known as rees jones was badly hurt .
another advantage of the new therapy is that it halves the number of surgeries required .
the rocket will carry tons of cargo to the space station , according arianespace , the commercial arm of the country european space agency .
responding to lebanon s call for immediate military assistance , the u . s . military will send as many as six cargo flights carrying ammunition to lebanon , the officials said .
we re being told a western governor , janet napolitano of arizona , is a strong contender for being picked as homeland security secretary in the obama administration .
afghan taliban rebels say they have killed two german hostages but the afghan foreign ministry says one is still alive and the other has died of a heart attack .
army report clears top american officers in iraq of abusing prisoners at the abu ghraib prison in baghdad .
i am ready to serve you all if you decide to vote for me on april .
the september attacks killed nearly , people in new york , washington and pennsylvania . all but four of the suicide hijackers who carried out the plot were saudi nationals , and after the attacks , the kingdom was widely criticized for having tolerated islamic militancy .
the rally on wall street is so far extending into a fifth day .
an official of the south african bureau of standards , has put millions of people at risk by illegally passing millions of condoms , which had not met the quality assurance requirements , said health department spokesman sibani mngadi .
at about a . m . , a cart driven by one of the workers hit the elevator doors on the third level of the stadium , opening the doors to the shaft , and then the cart moved forward and fell onto an elevator below , officials said .
because disney is producing entertainment that afa believes morally suspect .
slain russian journalist anna politkovskaya and chinese human rights defenders zeng jinyan and hu jia , had also been nominated for the prize .
pichushkin went on to confess to at least murders and led police to the bodies of his victims , investigators said .
after tsonga , a hard hitting frenchman , went up in the third set , nadal held serve the rest of the way and broke tsonga s serve in the ninth and th games to take a lead . with the crowd beginning to cheer even as he set up for the shot , the spaniard capped the match by slamming an overhead past tsonga .
the lower house of parliament passed a controversial bill that gives patients the right to die .
and so the group has worked to try to change those stereotypes , one laugh at a time .
the wedding ceremony and reception at the th floor rainbow room , which offers panoramic views of new york , culminated three days of private festivities , le figaro said on its web site .
the fact that the series gets to explore this character as a police officer , as a sibling , as a daughter , as a lover . . . that three dimensionality of the character has been a real treat for me . i haven t gotten that kind of three course meal in a long time .
it claims that children are approached in public places by military recruiters and civilian brokers who have been promised cash rewards by the military .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
every day a bit more , nadal said . there s only one way you can eliminate pressure and that s by playing well .
north korea , meanwhile , lauded the heroic deaths of four people killed after running into collapsing or burning buildings after the explosion to retrieve portraits of leader kim jong il and his late father , national founder kim il sung .
where nhs dental services are available , people are happy with the quality of treatment provided but many find the nhs fee system confusing and expensive , with some patients taking out loans to pay for treatment or more worryingly taking matters into their own hands .
however , a senior u . s . military official said he understood talabani had a heart attack .
doraemon , i hope you will travel around the world as an anime ambassador to deepen people s understanding of japan so they will become friends with japan , komura told the blue and white cat .
moscow has refused to hand over lugovoi to britain because article of the russian constitution forbids the extradition of its citizens .
an e mail sent to lohan s publicist and a telephone message left for her attorney weren t immediately returned .
barack obama and his wife released their tax returns from to on his campaign web site tuesday , and the illinois senator challenged sen . hillary clinton to release hers .
but this all has to happen under the umbrella of national will , the government and the law .
strange as that sounds .
the scene was broadcast for four seconds .
sunday s crash left people dead and investigators trying to determine just what caused the smash at the airport at phuket in southern thailand .
but although a naturally slow metabolism may not cause people to gain pounds , new evidence suggests that everyone s metabolism may perversely slow down when they try to lose .
blatter , visiting president saburo kawabuchi of the japan football association , said any penalties would be for uncontrolled crowd behavior .
bolt timed . and spearmon . .
obviously , we re still conducting the investigation along with the iraqi minister of interior , supporting his efforts , odierno said .
well , this is kind of old hat to him .
the alleged relation of ppa and increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke is based on a recent government commissioned examination of more than local patients suffering from the disease .
unfortunately , we have not been organized in a manner that allowed us to have a laser focus on the customer .
carl crawford of the tampa bay devil rays and victor martinez of the cleveland indians hit conventional homers for
they found new genetic variants for depression , crohn s disease , coronary heart disease , hypertension , rheumatoid arthritis and type and diabetes .
obesity has become a hot topic as we lead increasingly sedentary lives .
the loss of land based ice is predicted to lead to a future rise in sea levels .
afterward , the three men loaded the paintings monet s poppies near vetheuil , degas count lepic and his daughters , van gogh s blossoming chestnut branches and cezanne s boy in a red vest into a white car parked in front of the museum and then drove off , police said .
the bombing killed people .
kim said it was a chance to become east asia s free trade hub linking europe , asia and the us .
the judge also sentenced ramlee to an additional year in prison and to four strokes of the cane because the indonesian man was in the country illegally .
the protest later spilled over into the offices of two u . s . based multinational grain dealers , purina and cargill .
germain katanga , , is alleged to have committed six war crimes and three crimes against humanity including murder , sexual enslavement , and using child soldiers in the democratic republic of congo s northeast ituri region .
a cnn poll of polls on the eve of the pennsylvania primary gave clinton a seven point advantage over obama , percent to percent with seven percent undecided .
hezbollah quickly denied responsibility for the attack , lebanese security sources said .
i m concerned about children , people trying to capture these cats that don t have knowledge of what they re doing , being scratched or injured or inhumanely handling these cats for five bucks . is it worth it ?
the shanghai composite index dropped by more than percent on monday , dragged in part by investors concerns over the damage caused by the foul winter weather .
sarkozy has insisted that any minister would have to leave the government if they failed to be elected .
in exchange for north korea s denuclearization , the nations have pledged to provide the reclusive communist nation with political and economic incentives and security guarantees .
manjhi s father looked into a legal adoption , but indian law does not allow single men to adopt .
a stampede outside a sports stadium in the philippine capital , manila , has left at least dead , many of them women , with more than injured .
the new york talks are aimed at normalizing diplomatic relations between the us and north korea for the first time since they fought each other in the korean war .
rudd promised a gradual withdrawal of the troops , but had been coy about setting a timetable for their return to australia .
by spring , doctors had detected the cancer in her groin , right arm , liver and a rib by july , it had invaded her brain .
so , who were the original choices ?
vonnegut , who often marveled that he had lived so long despite his lifelong smoking habit , had suffered brain injuries after a fall at his manhattan home weeks ago , said his wife , photographer jill krementz .
more people in the technology and scientific community oppose it out of fear of government intrusion into privacy .
is an address that each character thinks will be her ticket to fortune .
sharif was briefly taken into police custody at the islamabad airport about minutes after he arrived aboard a flight from london .
harry potter and the order of the phoenix took in . million in its first day , the best single day gross ever for a movie on a wednesday .
the unit also treated up to , local residents in its hospital , offers industrial training and provided necessities to people in need .
the times uncovered a biography on he that lists her birthday as january , .
this operation was very important for the people of sherween because we were able to find a very big hideout for the terrorists , kareem said of operation saber guardian , which began early tuesday .
ola brunkert was found dead late sunday at his home in the town of arta on spain s mediterranean island of mallorca , the spokeswoman said .
the imf , which has sold gold before , said it would coordinate the sales with central banks in an effort to prevent market disruptions .
i took part in a photo shoot that was supposed to be artistic and now , seeing the photographs and reading the story , i feel so embarrassed , miley said in a statement .
kim choong bae , president of the korea institute for defense analyses , disclosed a past survey of kma entrants to single out the country s main enemy while serving as the military academy s superintendent in .
but oil industry analyst phil flynn says , those profits are about average in terms of return on an investment .
you should do this about five times a week .
while condemning and protesting strongly at this regrettable incident , egypt demands the israeli authorities hold an immediate , full and comprehensive investigation into the circumstances , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
the treatment of children in indian residential schools is a sad chapter in our history .
some , elementary , middle and high school students nationwide took part in the survey .
former new york mayor rudy giuliani ended his gop presidential race and endorsed rival sen . john mccain of arizona on wednesday .
palin also said helping families with special needs children and cleaning up wall street were among the other missions she and mccain had discussed .
following the success of that operation , the organization s general assembly approved a resolution allowing interpol to seek public help in child sex abuse investigations .
i can lead this party to victory in the general election if you lead me to victory now .
the house voted late on saturday in favor of the bill , which updates the foreign intelligence surveillance act .
nts tax audits of foreign funds .
a reduction in the number of employed people and working hours is projected to pull the potential growth rate further down to . percent in the years to , the vision research team said in a report .
with the squirrel hanging on by its teeth , the woman ran out into the street , where she managed to shake the animal off .
about people were injured when the eight lane i w highway bridge collapsed into the mississippi river at evening rush hour on august .
one time kemp campaign adviser and president of the heritage foundation , edward fuelner
meanwhile , in the north , lebanese forces continued to fight members of an islamic militant group in the second day of fierce gunbattles at the nahr al bared refugee camp in northern lebanon .
that s peter piringer of maryland s montgomery county fire and rescue
i call upon the scientific community in our country , those who gave us nuclear weapons , to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace , to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete .
it was not immediately clear where the money was sent .
another elderly woman who was also in the court , tamara klimova , came home from holiday to discover her husband was missing . the body was not found for five years . prosecutors now believe he was killed by pichushkin .
the star , known as hd , could have swallowed either a gas giant twice the mass of jupiter or a small rocky one three times the mass of earth , the astronomers estimated in their report , published in the may issue of the journal nature .
in , he launched opus .
protesters also took over a police van .
the warning coincided with the release in iraq of a filipino truck driver a day after manila removed its small contingent of troops in response to demands from kidnappers .
today , l . l . bean is a billion dollar a year operation that does nearly of its business after hours .
the u . s . and iranian ambassadors to iraq will meet this week to discuss security issues in the war torn country , a senior bush administration official said sunday .
after being betrayed by the woman he loved , british spy pursues the truth behind the organization that blackmailed her
females in the wild typically have a cub once every two to three years .
but , he added , clearly the video is edited to include only the verbal context the iranians wanted to include .
those are but a few of the words that audience members used to describe britney spears ill fated comeback performance at the mtv video awards at las vegas palms hotel sunday evening .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe , under fire for denying that japan forced women to work as sex slaves during world war ii , offered a fresh apology monday but stopped short of clearly acknowledging japan s responsibility for the front line brothels .
senate majority leader harry reid says , he doesn t think there are enough votes to pass a bailout package .
in a nationally televised press conference , the catholic priests association for justice alleged kim seong ho , a former justice minister nominated as head of the national intelligence service
the poll showed that more than percent of koreans consider the current real estate boom a potentially harmful bubble , while only . percent of respondents believe the land and apartment prices are undervalued .
according to amnesty international , such claims are not uncommon in iraq , which has the fourth highest execution rate in the world .
sixty five year old yoon jong soo fled last month and is now under south korean protection at a consulate in northeastern china .
amos kloner , the first archaeologist to examine the site , said the idea fails to hold up by archaeological standards but makes for profitable television .
the cambodian government confirmed the deaths , wednesday , after the plane s wreckage was found on a mountain .
during the six week search , the team carried out both visual and acoustic surveys and used two boats to twice cover the dolphin s , kilometer range stretching from the city of yichang just downstream from the three gorges dam to shanghai .
let s revamp our lives with our own strength !
and , of them are killed with firearms .
the findings are likely to prove embarrassing to organizers of the olympics and the international olympic committee .
both countries have set out to court foreign direct investment .
for even more impact , replace the white bulbs with pink tinted bulbs .
under a new pilot program called insight , allstate will offer specialized computer games to , customers in pennsylvania aged to .
the law , which came into force on july , prohibits smoking in public indoor places .
the day after an . magnitude earthquake shook southern peru , killing at least people and injuring , , residents of one hard hit city yelled help us !
last year s pentagon report said china has deployed up to short range ballistic missiles in the three provinces facing taiwan .
last weekend s election presents the most formidable challenge to robert mugabe s years of rule in zimbabwe .
we hope that their kind gesture serves as an example that these intriguing animals don t deserve to be confined to tiny tanks or boiled alive .
the statement expressed gratitude for the good wishes castro received from around the world , and urged cubans to maintain their daily routines .
beijing dismissed outright the request from tibet , which has been controlled by china since .
congress before passage of a deal that must be voted up or down with no amendments .
convoys of buses carrying iraqi refugees are heading from damascus to baghdad , marking the first time that some of the . million iraqis who fled to syria are returning home as part of an organized plan .
oh , one more thing about the crash , first .
security reinforcements were brought in , one witness in the city told cnn , to stave off any possible uprising by anti government protesters , who in recent days have seen a stalwart oppression at the hands of the ruling military junta .
i don t think that turkey or iran or syria will accept this , so , we must be realistic , talabani said .
by monday afternoon , jackson s spokesman issued a response that said the writer s wild allegations concerning mr . jackson s health are a total fabrication .
the korea times reports that only koreans who have electronic passports will be able to enter the united states without a visa even after korea joins the visa waiver program , or vwp , as early as july , according to a government official on tuesday .
our legislature starts next week , and i intend to put my full efforts behind our no . priority extending health insurance to every new mexican by the end of my term .
tokyo s announcement came a day after japan s defense agency said it had deployed an aegis equipped destroyer which includes top of the line surveillance systems and ship to air missiles in the waters between japan and north korea .
denver , colorado ap an atlanta , georgia , attorney will have surgery next month to remove lung tissue infected with extremely drug resistant tuberculosis , hospital officials said thursday .
in a news conference tuesday , investigators said they believe he killed his wife , then tried to kill himself and his children by asphyxiating them with carbon monoxide in the garage .
the fund is a nonprofit company that says it was set up to help find madeleine , support her parents and bring to justice anyone who played a role in her disappearance .
the crash site , a dense jungle , kilometers south of phnom penh was spotted by the crew of a rescue helicopter earlier in the day .
now usb ports are to be found in portable video players and , inch plasma hdtvs .
fifty four burmese migrants have been found dead after suffocating in a truck smuggling them into southern thailand .
more than a week after hurricane ike hit , cars , vans , trucks lined up early today to make their way across the bridge leading to galveston .
still no sign of a recovery in the labor market
the humanitarian group oxfam said more than people have died in the region .
highways closed , flights canceled as winter roars in
the bank of england has cut its base lending rate a quarter point to percent , the lowest rate in months .
congolese bar owner patrick lumumba , who was arrested in perugia along with knox and sollecito was released tuesday after two weeks in custody .
those years of age and older are expected to make up more than million in the next seven years , according to government figures .
she said at a hastily arranged news conference that senior party aides told her president gen . pervez musharraf might impose emergency measures if the supreme court found that his recent election win was unconstitutional . a ruling is expected later this week .
last week , eu consumer protection commissioner meglena kuneva urged china to step up export quality . she said she had seen some improvement in how china handled eu warnings of faulty or substandard goods , but much more was needed to be done .
and good old foot work , grylls wrote in a november entry .
obama s choice for treasury secretary is timothy geitner , who was a top treasury official under president clinton , and currently heads the new york federal reserve .
the seven member jury , which deliberated for less than two hours , recommended no criminal charges in the september death of year old daniel smith .
that s the sound of money being made on wall street today .
ford played indiana jones in s raiders of the lost ark , s temple of doom and s the last crusade .
the misshapen prions , in a lethal chain reaction , alter still more healthy proteins .
a year old man from southport was taken to hospital with facial injuries which are not believed to be life threatening .
the egyptian born cleric began serving a seven year prison sentence in after being convicted in a british court of soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred .
a federal court jury in miami deliberated for just under two days before handing down the verdict .
hilton has professed in letters and phone interviews to want to change her partying ways .
the storm could drench puerto rico , as well , with to inches of rain , the center said .
brown is flying to berlin for talks on monday and plans to visit paris and washington after that . he has said he will continue to work closely with the u . s . administration .
the orchestra , the choir .
ramallah , west bank cnn palestinian pedestrians gawked at the unusual sight of female police officers directing traffic in ramallah on wednesday , the first batch of women to venture into a job traditionally reserved for men in the west bank .
cnn chilean president michelle bachelet arrived in the quake zone , announcing a state of emergency and promising aid after three powerful aftershocks rattled the region thursday , according to state owned media .
christopher hill , nuclear negotiator , media superstar .
the survey is conducted every three years .
it discounts the effect storms might have .
but i could sense how it supported my moves , pushing up on my bottom when i squatted and pushing at my soles to help lift my legs when i walked .
it s not clear who set up wen s profile
in a seminar hosted by the korean economic association in seoul , experts said that unless there is a wholesale restructuring of the country s fundamentals , it is inadvisable to push for expansion that exceeds national growth potential .
the reported abuse of iraqi prisoners by u . s . soldiers threatens to undermine part of george w .
it s not a big party , oertwig said .
. doll fashion designer
congress has made approval conditional on a broad range of operational changes that strauss khan has pledged to carry out to preserve the relevancy of the year old organization , whose mission is to promote global financial stability .
but usage in the region , which is expected to be the epicenter of global economic growth in the st century , has exploded .
hamas , an islamic party considered a terrorist organization by the united states , israel and the european union , seized control of gaza from the palestinian authority s ruling fatah party in .
on valentine s day , adults visiting between p . m . and midnight receive a free glass of champagne
hundreds of south korean residents near u . s . military bases have decided to file a lawsuit alleging the bases cause noise pollution , according to civic groups on monday .
we hope god will calm those people who are in fears and impress hong kong people to hold on together while going through the difficulties , said a statement from the hong kong christian church council .
unease about the stand off has helped push oil prices to record highs .
salt lake city international airport was no . for on time arrivals between january and august , while portland oregon international airport was tops for on time departures .
he insisted there was no evidence the data had fallen into the hand of criminals and said police were involved in the hunt for the missing disks .
the extra disc space can contain videos and lyrics , accessed by connecting a dataplay player to a computer .
heston s wife of years , lydia , was at his side at the time of his death , according to the family statement .
using a ground based telescope to peer into a distant point of light , scientists have come up with a startling conclusion
in the latest incident , a reservoir serving , people in north west china was polluted by a chemical spill .
siemion said investigators were working to determine the cause of the crash , which occurred as the plane was about to land .
four islamic jihad members were killed by israeli fire , according to palestinian security and medical sources .
prague , czech republic cnn members of a czech art group who hacked into television broadcasting with images of a hoax nuclear explosion were charged and will have to stand trial , a state prosecutor said thursday .
cnn a former university of south florida student who made a videotape showing how to make and use a remote controlled bomb pleaded guilty in federal court wednesday to providing material support to terrorists , authorities said .
he said he planned to investigate the jet and visit those hospitalized later in the day .
negroponte , the us deputy secretary of state , said he had urged general musharraf to stick to his pledge to step down as head of the army , and encouraged him to release political prisoners .
while the quintessential pairing of ripe tomatoes and lettuce is certainly enjoyable , a good salad can be so much more .
the korea herald reports the government plans to allow the national pension corp .
kidman is pregnant with her first child with hubby singer keith urban .
however , she made a complaint to the virginia tech police department and asked that cho have no further contact with her , the chief said .
who controls this information ?
in the months to come we will continue to launch new local currency products and services , said richard stanley , citibank china s chief executive officer .
ietnam s leaders have decided to remove dozens of companies from the control of the armed forces and the ruling communist party .
of cases where the route of transmission has been determined this year , all patients were found to have contracted the deadly disease through sexual encounters .
the organizers will begin issuing refunds next week .
these changes are part of the proposals in the reform of the criminal procedure law to be submitted by the justice ministry to the national assembly for enactment next month .
makaila nguebla , a dakar based spokesman for the rebel union of forces for democracy and development ufdd , said on monday brahim deby had been a key source of resentment who drove members of the president s administration to turn against him .
the nation s largest oil company , which earned nearly billion last year , says it will sell more than , stations over the next few years .
the spanish left hander finally prevailed after two hours and minutes , winning , and will next play frenchman florent serra in the second round .
more than half of japan s citizens do not want their next prime minister to visit the controversial yasukuni war shrine , according to two recent polls .
theological and spiritual foundations will be the sub theme on the first day . human dignity and mutual respect will be the topic on the second day .
numerous news photos showed bloody bodies crumpled in the streets .
she was the sexual aggressor .
earlier this month gerald schatten , a prominent american colleague of dr .
rather , they clock more than half their workday outside ward cleaver s time zone , the one that starts after breakfast and ends before supper , monday through friday .
the couple plan to marry over labor day weekend , and popcap , the seattle company that makes bejeweled , will fly the couple to seattle as part of their honeymoon .
in order to have another child people also remarry , keep a second wife in the house , or fake a divorce , the paper said .
cnn a student found four nooses in a classroom at central michigan university earlier this week , the school said thursday .
a major winter storm is snarling traffic and cutting power to thousands of customers across the midwest and northeast .
then the group s accident rates will be compared to a control group of people who do not play the games .
in japan , family ties tend to be strong and the nightmare of bad debts can spread to relatives , who often co sign loans .
but the financial times quoted us officials as saying the chinese army made the attack , which crashed part of a system for the defense secretary s office .
he said you ll know if you re succeeding if you can stick it out for four to six weeks .
just like that you re six years old
i still think that if you analyze most of the school shootings , it is not gun control . it is psychotropic drugs at the bottom of it .
nairobi , kenya cnn kenyans have long watched the u . s . presidential election with special interest and , in many cases , a special sense of pride .
born in kabul on october , , zahir shah received part of his education in france and returned to kabul for military training .
kirby said the programs also gave clear messages about sexual behavior and emphasized abstinence as the safest way to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases .
business people who normally hop day flights between las vegas and california were seen in hotel lobbies scrambling to find an available room .
like the curve and the pearl , blackberry s consumer oriented phones , the bold has a full size headset jack and a camera that can also capture video .
francesca apparently was disoriented when her rescuers saw her under a wing of the wrecked plane , her mother said .
the agency said the first indication of trouble saturday was the loss of temperature sensors in the left wing s hydraulic system .
shh the ap has learned it s a secret .
a new study indicates differences in health care by race continue right up until death .
camel expert chris hill agreed with gregory .
his extradition to france would land him in a cell to begin serving a year sentence .
independent music company zomba records will release discs featuring its roster of stars , including britney spears and n sync .
starting in , english will not be the subject of a standardized test for university admission .
in their minds , every mole is skin cancer . a nosebleed is surely a sign of a tumor .
afterward , doctors found singh to be undernourished , anemic and under cardiac stress , and the orissa state government banned him from running until he is older .
kerviel has been charged with abuse of confidence and illegal use of computers for his role in the losses but has not been charged with fraud .
now uk home secretary interior minister jacqui smith says she is proposing the new measures to protect vulnerable women and tackle the demand for prostitution .
the bill is to be sent to the national assembly next month .
the stadium , which will have a roof covering about two thirds of the seating areas , is surrounded by water on three sides .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
the temblors damaged homes and buildings , but caused no serious injuries .
the us struck after receiving specific tips from within zarqawi s organization , officials said .
if their aim is true , the alien appears on the game page whining that it s thirsty , perhaps and players click a button to send it home .
o keefe met with the astronauts families , who had been waiting at the landing site for the shuttle s return .
witness the slum residents in india who face toxic exposure while recycling computer parts .
our debt to her is beyond measure . obama and soetoro ng asked that donations be made for the search for a cure for cancer in lieu of flowers . a small private ceremony will be held at a later date .
many turks hope months of political turmoil sparked by the standoff between the ak party and the secular elite , including army generals , judges and politicians , has come to an end .
flood said jake had been in pain , shaking with a degree fever as he lay on the lawn .
the two injured men , and year old brothers from san jose , were reported in stable condition at a san francisco hospital .
it s really one of the best images i ve seen in a long , long time , said helen selsdon , an archivist at the american federation for the blind , where keller worked for more than years .
yahoo rivals microsoft and google also have been accused of helping the chinese government crush dissent in return for access to booming internet markets , but only yahoo has been accused of directly assisting in a dissident s arrest .
a survey of more than water systems shows significant levels of cancer causing arsenic , radon and other contaminants .
and people who ve had it are also at risk for shingles .
the relationship between the three was not clear .
the legislation was approved by the senate and house of representatives just before congress adjourned for the summer recess .
he had suffered health problems since resigning on december , , and died from sudden heart failure , medical sources told russia s interfax news agency .
many of them oppose beijing s rule .
fosse said patients were severely wounded when an israeli airstrike hit a food market in gaza city .
penis injections and vacuum pumps were available , but these treatments weren t appealing .
the actor says obama and clinton have each pretended to eat cheese steak sandwiches and go bowling , committed gaffes and distanced themselves from supporters who could damage their campaigns .
for us , in the unincorporated portion of horry county , this fire is not done , and we re fully involved in fighting this , and we ve got several more days to go .
the united states , iraq and other countries have been calling on turkey to refrain from a cross border campaign , which could throw one of the few stable areas in iraq into chaos .
a greenpeace campaign ship will be following the japanese fleet .
there wasn t any warning the warning was the earth tremors , lokopio told new zealand s national radio . it shook us very , very strongly and we were frightened , and all of a sudden the sea was rising up .
in that case , call the doctor because there could be a physical cause , such as an intestinal obstruction or a scratched cornea .
the children cackle and shuffle off to bed .
local reports also said the death toll was as high as or , with some saying that top local officials were among the dead .
as recently as thursday , just hours before the agreement was signed , chad issued a communiqu eacute saying rebels from sudan had crossed the border .
he was arrested late tuesday on suspicion of fraud .
the occasion is considered the uk s most important constitutional event of the year and is steeped in history , tradition , and regalia .
one , that simpson asked that guns be brought to the las vegas casino hotel room to retrieve sports memorabilia , and two , that the guns were on display while the recovery was going on .
the palestinian and israeli delegations have started the work in order to prepare the document , said abbas . and certainly before we go to washington this document will be ready . watch rice on how she senses a seriousness in the talks raquo
the nd bond flick picks up where casino royale left off .
he was formerly arrested in july on spying charges , and he was later taken to wuhan , a city in central hubei province .
lee said the bank has not yet decided how much of its . billion reserve will be allocated for the investment .
major korean broadcasting companies will begin land based mobile television services .
chavez also plans to increase taxes on luxury items such as hummers , which are imported privately and at great expense . there is no hummer dealership in the country .
fifty two commuters were killed by bombs on london s transport system on july , .
the babies should leave the hospital in six to eight weeks .
the organisations named nasir al tijani as the militia leader and demanded action from sudan s government .
senior generals from north and south korea have held the first of three days of talks aimed at easing border tensions on the divided peninsula .
the agency said the branches violated regulations that ban them from providing gifts and free issues worth more than percent of their revenues .
the barclays offer , mostly in shares , was worth at least percent less than the rbs led bid , which is mostly in cash .
oshima said he would deliver the message to the japanese government .
but asked moments later about some of the tough rhetoric she hurled from the stump , she said she was still concerned about obama s ties to former weather underground member turned chicago college professor william ayers .
suri cruise is the most popular kid on the playground .
amazon . com s amzn , fortune said it experienced its strongest holiday sales on dec . , as customers ordered more than . million items , or . items per second .
clinton has recently been claiming a lead over obama in the popular vote , a debatable claim , especially because the democratic national committee doesn t count the votes of florida and michigan , which clinton does .
the attacks coincide with the visit of u . s . defense secretary robert gates , who was meeting with military commanders , his afghan counterpart , abdul rahim wardak , and afghan president hamid karzai .
as leaders , said the iraqi president to his u . s . counterpart , why don t we use this opportunity ?
still , as some roads became traversable , more and more images of devastation from the past couple of weeks became apparent .
on wednesday , the contract fell cents to settle at . a barrel during the new york floor session , retreating from an intraday record of . a barrel touched during electronic trading earlier in the day .
the dow shed points to close down about . percent .
adel abdul mahdi says negotiations are still ongoing and it s too early to give exact figures and ratios .
voting is under way in the new hampshire primary , a key early contest in the u . s . presidential race , where republican and democratic campaigners are vying for support in their bids to be chosen as their party s presidential candidate . ballots ran low in some polling stations six hours before the last polling stations close at p . m . , indicating a larger than expected turnout , representatives of new hampshire s secretary of state said .
washington cnn the vice presidential search team for sen . barack obama has a list of about people under consideration to be the presumptive democratic nominee s running mate , one democratic senator said tuesday .
more than , people demonstrated in egypt .
amazon forest destruction speeding up , officials say
the study calls for a large increase in foreign aid for health care services in developing countries .
when she applied for a new passport , authorities began questioning her about her work .
he told reporters and a swelling crowd outside the west hollywood city auditorium may equality live long and prosper .
a medical examiner said the child s skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at to years .
liverpool manager rafael benitez hailed the growing confidence of his team and the character they showed as chelsea battled hard to equalize .
another passenger who was worried about possible danger caused the disturbance also complained and the two quarreled .
we felt as if all the values we had believed in were thrown out the window .
al qaeda plotter zacarias moussaoui says he has no regret , no remorse for the attacks on september , in the us that killed nearly , people .
the only member of prime minister john howard s center right government to sign the letter was barnaby joyce , a maverick senator from the junior coalition partner , the nationals party , his office confirmed friday .
moscow may target weapons at europe if the us builds planned missile defense facilities in the region , russian president vladimir putin has said .
i didn t go in with a clear enough idea of the match i wanted to play .
helicopters have dropped food to hundreds of thousands of people left homeless .
us treasury delegation is in macau to discuss lifting sanctions imposed on a bank in the chinese territory accused of helping north korea launder money .
she has these totals from other cities and towns .
bulgarian striker berbatov puts spurs ahead in the th minute , powerfully heading home from tom huddlestone s corner .
the taliban leadership council had extended the deadline as a sign of mercy , yousuf told reuters by phone from an undisclosed location , but had heard nothing from authorities seeking the release of the aid workers .
an armoured personnel vehicle was also seen firing into the lobby of manila s peninsula hotel and later rammed through the front entrance of the building .
but after french president nicolas sarkozy intervened , chad handed them over to france to serve their sentences .
i understand the president also wants to send a message about science and politics ?
the right hander was examined by a trainer midway through the three set victory , and she withdrew from the event before her next match .
that s what these fairy tales are for , to recognize what the values are and how society is constructed at the period of time those stories are being told .
word to calm the markets from president bush and italy s premier at the white house .
finding and isolating the dna was one thing , but sequencing the genome had its own challenges , scientists said .
the uci carried out all the testing at the tour , but a rift with tour organizer aso meant the french anti doping agency took sole charge of testing at this year s tour
we have nothing to do with the so called mugabe win , mdc spokesman nelson chamisa in effect we believe that whatever zanu pf and mugabe are doing is just but a continuation of the sham .
despite initial vows of bipartisanship , republicans are being more and more vocal .
no further details about the couple have emerged , and it is not known when the marriage took place or how long they were together before they discovered the truth .
tepco raised supply to . million kilowatts by gmt on thursday , from an original plan to supply . million kilowatts earlier in the day .
the criminal probe was opened after a team of three american experts hired by winfrey gave police the results of their initial investigation , police said .
human rights groups have long accused the military government of abuse and torture of prisoners .
like nearly all the exonorees , woodard has maintained his innocence throughout his time in prison .
the upswing comes despite continued patrols by the national guard and state police and the addition of two new classes of police recruits in the past year .
for instance , he told the inquest that he thought the car that passed him was a large , light colored german car but he did not know the make . in his statements in , he had said it was a black mercedes .
television footage showed a bright light followed by white smoke plumes streaking diagonally across the sky .
there s no military solution to this , obama said during a debate last april .
most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron , and had no chance of withstanding the storm s powerful winds .
ganis said some elements of the b show also were likely to work their way into the telecast .
but another senator who voted in favor said it would promote national unity .
, struck off the town of pangandaran at local time , causing a m high wave .
it considers the splintered dissident groups mercenaries who receive money from the enemy government in washington to undermine the cuban revolution .
dutch scientists have found that drinking alcohol up to three times daily can almost halve the risk of developing alzheimer s disease , a report has said .
however , a draw and a win for arsenal at home to steaua bucharest will see the london side finish top .
her body was burnt in a nearby forest and the ashes were dispersed .
during a july teleconference , nasa managers said the latest mission was risky , but decided to proceed because of what could be learned .
the year old man , who convinced his neighbors he was a retired army dentist after being told he was too old to work as a dentist s assistant , charged ringgit . for extractions and ringgit for dentures , the paper said .
south korea says it has offered new incentives for north korea to return to six party talks on its nuclear weapons program .
the public sector massages cost up to for minutes .
cnn breweries and beer lovers around the country are celebrating the th anniversary of the return of beer on april , , as the prohibition era was drawing to a close .
citigroup is buying wachovia s banking operations in a deal brokered by the fdic .
the cnn opinion research corp . poll was conducted by telephone from monday through wednesday among , adult americans . the poll s sampling error is plus or minus percentage points .
tokyo customs has asked anyone who finds the package to return it .
everything will be in ashes , not just a sea of fire , if our advanced pre emptive strike once begins .
and while enya won t commit to the idea of taking her tunes on the road , she does hint at the possibility .
we estimate if greenprint got into widespread use , in the u . s . alone it would save tens of millions of trees a year and hundreds of millions of pounds of polluting carbon dioxide gases .
the seven rapists , who abducted the pair and raped both , received sentences ranging from months to five years in prison .
the recall is particularly alarming since mattel , known for its strict quality controls , is considered a role model in the toy industry for how it operates in china .
passenger paul venter told the uk press association the wheels came out and went for touchdown , and the next moment we just dropped . i couldn t tell you how far .
it said rescue workers had recovered bodies . fifty two miners were rescued , but one later died .
harrods department store owner al fayed claimed former prime minister tony blair , mi , mi and the british ambassador to france were all part of the conspiracy .
talibani heads to u . s . months after he fell ill and was taken to jordan for treatment , iraq s president jalal talabani left iraq on sunday for the united states for a medical check up and to lose weight , according to a statement from his office .
earlier , one person was reported killed by a fallen tree in bengkulu province and two died in padang when the force of the quake damaged the building they were in , according to the indonesian social affairs department .
the bbc reports the latest deadline issued by taliban rebels threatening to kill a group of south korean hostages in afghanistan has passed with their demands unmet .
caracas already has purchased some billion worth of arms from russia , including military helicopters , kalashnikov rifles and sukhoi fighter jets .
bush is expected to say that although the economy is undergoing a period of uncertainty , the american people can be confident about our economic growth . interactive bush s message over the years raquo
with the democratic presidential race tied to a complex delegate system , the clinton and obama camps went after each other sunday over superdelegates .
retail sales plunged by the largest amount on record in october
the meteorological department had put the country s three major maritime ports chittagong , mongla and cox s bazar on the highest level of alert .
the issue of the abductees is an ongoing violation of human rights , while it is not as if the comfort women issue is continuing .
president bush granted pardons tuesday to citizens charged with a variety of crimes , but none was prominent .
the korea win solution corp . denied the allegations , saying its head borrowed kwon s mother s name but that she does not hold a stake in the company .
authorities rescued miskito indians who lived on low lying reefs and keys off the coast , said honduran congresswoman carolina echeverria .
moscow , russia cnn priests have tried unsuccessfully to persuade members of a doomsday cult to leave a cave in southern russia where they remain barricaded inside despite the intervention of their leader .
the bipartisan measure , which is backed by the white house , was passed by votes to .
jakarta , indonesia cnn indonesia has temporarily grounded all adam air flights starting wednesday because it says the discount airliner failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft .
planning for the surgery took a month , patil said , and lakshmi spent that month in the hospital .
after his talks with mr al maliki , brown went on to hold further meetings with the us commander in iraq general david petraeus and iraqi deputy prime minister barham saleh , who is responsible for economic regeneration .
go up to sedona , go to tucson . . . experience more of what the state has to offer than its ability to put on a super bowl , sullivan said .
that seems to indicate that wealthier students who can afford private schools have an advantage .
ahmed said the offer , which will run from christmas eve to twelfth night had been very well received .
president george w bush has resisted repeated calls to sack gonzales , who denies any wrongdoing .
south korea s economic growth was far lower than most of its asian rivals in the first quarter due to a stronger korean currency and high oil prices , the bank of korea bok said wednesday .
the muslim group had threatened to start killing the remaining hostages among them are women according to the seoul government from p . m . seoul time , monday , after the sunday deadline was passed .
uganda declared a state of emergency thursday in the worst flood affected areas of the country as humanitarian workers tried to reach villages that have been cut off by water .
the alyeska resort , long considered a niche venue for locals and adventure skiers , is undergoing a million expansion to lure larger groups of winter vacationers , families especially , to the peaks of south central alaska .
new westminster , british columbia cnn a pig farmer accused of being canada s worst serial killer was found guilty sunday of six counts of second degree murder , which carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison .
police found the bodies while investigating a report of shots fired saturday night in the small southern wisconsin town , chief tim o neill said .
at least , people have died this year , double the number killed last year .
at least people were reported killed and missing monday after a fire broke out at a cold storage warehouse under construction in icheon .
he suggests calling it mexican flu , since the strain apparently started in mexico .
the institute said in a report that hunger and malnutrition could rise as poor agricultural communities most sensitive to the environment , such as in africa , are hurt .
billions of people around the world cannot imagine their leaders giving up power without strife or bloodshed .
under a plan proposed by israeli defense minister ehud barak , israel would disrupt electrical supplies , reduce fuel shipments to a bare minimum to run hospital generators , and choke off shipments of goods to allow only essential food and medicine to enter gaza . in addition , it will continue military operations against terror organizations .
the outcome is expected to significantly affect the future course of a realignment of political forces in the lead up to the presidential election , as the by elections will test the possibility of various political groups uniting against the grand national party .
russell portrayed college student felicity porter in the tv series felicity for four years . the series ended in .
a journalist for zimbabwe s official herald newspaper reported that she had returned home from a week in south africa to discover that during her absence the price of beef had increased . times , a bottle of cooking oil had doubled and bus fares had gone up between three and fivefold .
more than a decade since it was first pioneered , a technique that greatly reduces the trauma of lung surgery still isn t widely used .
the international atomic energy agency called on north korea to end any nuclear weapon program and open all relevant facilities to inspections immediately .
supreme court justice joseph c . teresi will hold further proceedings to determine how much restitution dell will have to pay to its customers , the decision said . dell said disagreed with teresi s decision .
a taliban spokesman said two members of the group s top council had been promised safe passage by the afghan government to meet with the south korean negotiators .
the owner of a gun shop in the washington suburb of manassas , virginia , conatser said sales have doubled or tripled since this time last year .
the focus of the minute speech was to flesh out plans for economic reforms aimed at easing the philippines wrenching poverty that has led nearly percent of the population to seek work overseas .
most commercial operations pump water through sophisticated sensors that automatically adjust nutrient and acidity levels in the water .
according to interfax , penza deputy governor oleg melnichenko , who is leading the local effort to resolve the situation , said he was unaware of any deaths in the cave .
with eight minutes left alexander kerzhakov scored sevilla s fourth with his first touch .
today there are approximately million families , or more than million people who qualify .
the rate includes breakfast and a daily hatha yoga class totally optional , of course .
president barack obama meets in the white house this afternoon with the leaders of two troubled countries , first separately and then together with the presidents of pakistan and afghanistan .
last week , syria reported that its aircraft fired on israeli enemy aircraft that flew into northern syria early thursday .
but the terrain and clumps of brush concealed a derelict mine shaft , not uncommon in a state with a long history of gold and silver prospecting .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra has dismissed calls for him to step down , after thousands of demonstrators held another anti government rally .
the head of the swiss olympic committee told state owned drs radio that he is against a boycott but wants the ioc to intervene with china over the troubles in tibet .
doctors at pertamina hospital said they will continue to keep suharto , , on a ventilator until all his organs stop functioning .
he endorsed clinton shortly after and played a key role in the new york senator s unsuccessful iowa campaign effort .
president rafael correa of ecuador would like the rio group to categorically reject the aggression against ecuador , according to a statement on an ecuadoran government web site .
according to the official xinhua news agency , after a series of experiments on animals and what it described as a favorable response to the practice from both condemned criminals and their relatives .
but he emphasized that there was no indication the virus had mutated .
they eventually hope to lobby local governments to ban development that would tarnish the wall s natural setting .
the fifth harry potter movie led dvd sales , followed by planet earth
among educated chinese circles , li s books are viewed with amusement and amazement .
animal rights groups say the authorities waited too long before taking steps aimed at holding down a big rise in the numbers of stray dogs , such as neutering dogs and registering pets .
clashes and airstrikes , meanwhile , killed people , capping a week that saw more than people die in insurgency related violence .
former gop presidential candidate says the situation there is likely to be pretty tough before there s a surge in u . s .
embassies and american interests at home and abroad are prime targets for terrorist attacks , american al qaeda member adam yahiye gadahn said in a newly released al qaeda produced video .
a spring blizzard blamed for at least two traffic deaths , as more than a foot of snow falls in parts of kansas , the panhandles of texas and oklahoma .
federation of korean industries claims the government has to change the rules on overseas funds .
mccain questioned whether obama was aware of the al qaeda base .
the people s choice awards are on january .
south korea s main opposition grand national party chairwoman park geun hye called on the united states yesterday to initiate more concrete and realistic proposals to persuade north korea to return to multinational disarmament talks .
the contest , founded in as a sporting goods store promotion and now sponsored by the manufacturer of anti foot odor products , pits children from around the united states who have won state level competitions for the generally cruddy condition of their footwear .
there are some pretty unusual sites on the las vegas strip .
nasdaq stock market has agreed to buy nordic bourse owner omx for . billion , the two companies announced on friday , as nasdaq sets its sights on expanding beyond the u . s . market and adds to a wave of stock market consolidation .
bush said tuesday he would not alter his current war plan until after september , when his top u . s . general in iraq is scheduled to reveal whether the current troop surge is
taliban militants fired rockets near president hamid karzai in an apparent assassination attempt in central afghanistan on sunday , but the missiles fell far from their target and no one was hurt , officials and witnesses said .
the flip side , of course , is that if she doesn t win those two big states , will she give up her quest for the white house ?
earlier in the day two women and two men were handed over near the village of janda .
skilling s co conspirator , company founder ken lay was convicted of counts of fraud and conspiracy , but passed away in july of a heart problem .
the kidnappers have threatened to kill the south koreans , most of whom are women , if their demands are not met .
on may , castro wrote a message published in cuban newspapers discussing his recent health problems .
quietly discovered by british and german tourists , this simple fishing village has three streets , a handful of restaurants , a few hotels , time share condos up the road , a couple of shipwreck bars and a split personality the whitewashed old town is for locals , and the other half was built for tourists .
officials in japan and australia are working to resolve a row over two protesters held hostage on a japanese whaling vessel in the southern ocean .
i haven t seen it this bad in several years , said toki , a police officer who was directing traffic around a flooded area near sukarno hatta airport , where thousands of passengers were stranded .
best picture , best director tony gilroy , best actor george clooney , best supporting actor tom wilkinson and best supporting actress tilda swinton .
as helicopters hovered overhead , officers raided the addresses , which are scattered across the capital .
portugal international ronaldo helped united win the premier league , champions league and world club championship titles in .
washington cnn a chinese woman pleaded guilty wednesday to helping a spy provide the chinese government with u . s . military secrets about arms sales to taiwan .
alan fleischman of the march of dimes .
in southern gaza , palestinian security sources said israeli tanks and bulldozers entered the territory early tuesday morning and were conducting house to house searches after shutting down the main road between rafah and khan yunis .
standing on the edge of the former site of the city s historic walls are a series of eight asymmetrical towers that bestride the smog laden landscape like a colossus .
four soldiers three of them part of the u . s . led coalition , one of them nato were killed sunday in separate combat incidents in eastern afghanistan , according to coalition and nato statements .
the report by the government backed inquiry , headed by retired philippine judge jose melo , found elements in the military were responsible for the deaths of some activists .
the rev . adelir antonio de carli lifted off from the port city of paranagua on sunday afternoon , wearing a helmet , thermal suit and a parachute .
the ministry of government administration and home affairs yesterday released a new personnel management plan which will take effect beginning this year and carry through to .
two of the attacks targeted an office of the federal investigation agency one at the main gate and the other inside .
it sparked a king tut frenzy and the exhibit was a sellout
now president barack obama is about to unveil the first ever national vehicle emissions limits .
the united states has been criticized for accepting only a small number of refugees since the u . s . led invasion in .
walters had surprised an airline pilot , who radioed the control tower that he had just passed a guy in a lawn chair . walters paid a , penalty for violating air traffic rules .
nearly half a billion people around the world had access to the internet from their homes by the end of last year , according to market research firm nielsen netratings .
you are coming into a zone that has a lot of safety issues , atlanta police department spokeswoman judy pal said at a sunday news conference . she added that if you don t have business downtown , please stay out of the city .
now the prince of liechtenstein , apparently , has more real authority than any other royal in europe
it is the first time that there will be a trial of the banks accused of having manipulated the market . it will be a very difficult trial , he said .
its trick was to sign up famous sports personalities to equate the brand with their success .
we have a lot of work to do , u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill told reporters tuesday . it s certainly not the end of the process , it s really just the end of the beginning of the process . details of the deal
america didn t become the greatest nation on earth by giving our money to the government to spread the wealth around .
he also hinted at seoul s proposal of designating several more special economic zones in the north .
u . s . officials are looking for a commitment by the palestinians and israelis to carry out previous agreements linked to the so called road map plan for mideast peace .
rudd s policy on kyoto leaves the united states isolated as the only industrialized country not to ratify the pact .
at both places he was considered a genius at motivating people .
prime minister surayud chulanont urged top security officials on monday to be fully prepared for upcoming public holidays , including a buddhist holiday in march and the thai new year known as songkran , celebrated in mid april .
young north korean women , their tan rugged faces softened by cheap cosmetics , smiled and danced with regimented grace .
the government is seeking the slow but steady consolidation of south korea s telecom industry which has become becalmed due to overlapping investments and competition .
more than fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on them for pollination .
jacobs was honorably discharged in .
when the system began , in the days when bank interest rates were in double digits , a landlord could earn a significant return by investing that money .
the lung cancer patients and their families claimed they had mental damage from cancer caused by smoking .
the georgia rule actress troublemaker tops the magazine s eighth annual hot list , a ranking by editors weighing buzz and beauty for women in film , tv , music , sports and fashion .
last week , police detained a u . s . marine in the alleged rape of a year old girl on okinawa a case that has stirred outrage across japan .
but when it comes to the latest british secret service spy tale , the two koreas have formed a bond of a different sort .
a glorious saunter up a flower filled meadow to one of the world s most famous alpine huts .
he said france will never forget what it owes to america .
a canadian cruise ship struck submerged ice off antarctica and began sinking friday , but all people on board , including americans and britons , took to lifeboats and were plucked to safety by another cruise liner .
in the release , wood also said he would represent stern , named the executor of smith s will , in pursuing those individuals and entities responsible for the theft of personal property of ms . smith and or its unlawful use , sale or other misappropriation in the media .
hilton , , was sentenced to days for the probation violation but served about half the term , gaining credit for good behavior .
similar cases have been reported in new jersey , new york , alabama , utah , pennsylvania , texas and connecticut .
even though the international moratorium on commercial whaling applies more to the high seas than to japanese coastal outfits , it has severely cut supply , driving prices higher and speeding the meat s plunge in popularity .
french police are investigating the death of a year old spanish girl who lost consciousness while riding a roller coaster at disneyland paris , park officials say .
i have a bulletin board full of souvenir pictures next to my desk there s a picture of year old melanie and me in hawaii at sunset
but if you have enough people rallying behind what appears to be the likely choice , and i believe the choice is barack obama . . . then i think you have to step up to the plate and say , enough is enough . we want this to be over with .
prior to darwin s theory , published in on the origin of species in , it was accepted that man came from an archetype created by god , and was set apart from animals .
joe acaba and ricky arnold are both former teachers .
boats are going out to sea and fish for five days in terrible conditions and we re not getting enough to even pay our crews , he said .
the soyuz tma craft lifted off on time , roaring into the evening skies over kazakhtsan s barren steppes before turning down range .
rome , italy cnn italy s food fraud police say they have seized about , hams because the meat was branded with fake parma prosciutto trademarks .
we are in the midst of a once in a century credit tsunami .
human rights groups have called for a boycott of the two week sale .
the afghan government was not party to the negotiations , which took place in the central afghan city of ghazni and were facilitated by the international committee of the red cross .
the . billion suvarnabhumi project was intended to be southeast asia s leading air hub .
sen . hillary clinton used her big win in west virginia on tuesday to make her case that she has a better chance of beating the republicans in the general election .
the remaining hostages were alive , but two of the women were seriously ill and could die , a taliban spokesman said .
communist party chief of tianmen city , bie bixiong , told xinhua that those responsible would be punished according to the law .
they are able to accept special needs people in a way that maybe some other countries do not , williams says .
he had been declared dead after disappearing while canoeing off the english coast in .
in , the council passed a resolution establishing a group to monitor and report on countries and groups using child soldiers .
as an opportunity for personal growth , only to wind up more or less the way they always were .
north and south korean delegates celebrated the th anniversary of liberation day together in seoul , calling for unity and peace on the korean peninsula while stressing the need to fend off unjustified foreign intervention .
for his part , abbas thanked bush for the peace initiative he launched at a conference last november in annapolis , maryland , where israeli , palestinian and u . s . participants agreed to a two state solution as a goal .
over the weekend , as many as , people were arrested in yangon and the streets are controlled by police and soldiers who are checking everyone for cameras and cell phones , witnesses told cnn .
and sometimes our differences run so deep , it seems we share a continent , but not a country .
the washington state couples challenged the state s defense of marriage act , which restricts marriage to one man and one woman .
the korea herald reports the nation s business community on wednesday urged the public to stop organizing rallies against the president s impeachment in order to prevent the political turmoil from scuttling a nascent recovery of asia s fourth largest economy .
department of labor , despite the fact that the country s agricultural exports are expected to grow .
the u . s . navy also received a radio transmission that officials believe came from the iranian boats .
another was sent to the village of frixa .
zapeta , who speaks no english , said he didn t know he was running afoul of u . s . law by failing to declare he was carrying more than , with him .
our unity , our union , is the serious work of leaders and citizens in every generation .
there are reports there may be a video of the woman falling overboard .
on election day , wall street surged with the blue chip dow jones industrial average jumping more than points .
but a year later , inflation is estimated at about percent , the currency has plunged and goods are scarcer than ever .
bush said , what the iranian regime must understand is , we will continue to work together to solve this problem diplomatically , which means they will continue to be isolated .
tom hennigan , a reporter from the times of london in sao paulo , told cnn that tuesday s weather in sao paulo included low lying clouds and heavy rain .
thailand s tourism industry set to suffer
bombings killed six iraqis and wounded in northeastern baghdad and mosul on tuesday , and the death toll from a monday suicide bombing in karbala rose to .
seoul wants the united states to put more weight on diplomacy than sanctions for reviving the talks on pyongyang s nuclear programs but washington seems determined to go ahead with its efforts to put pressure on the stalinist north .
so what will she do as the show s third season ends and her school chums ponder a fourth season without zoey ?
australia s foreign minister alexander downer said on april that he believed north korea exaggerated the capability of its nuclear program to maximize its negotiating position .
speaking in johor during a minute news conference , chua , , apologized to his wife , three children and supporters .
factories and offices shut down giving many workers time off they might otherwise never get .
prime minister lee hae chan launched his harshest tirade yet against the nation s two most conservative dailies , urging the chosun ilbo and dong a ilbo not to rebel against history .
the premier of nova scotia , john savage , says quebec must be recognized as a distinct society .
the matched woods lowest final round to win , and he finished at under to break by five shots the hole .
an ipsos opinion poll released late on sunday suggested sarkozy would win percent of votes in the second round and royal would secure percent .
billionaire warren buffett tells berkshire hathaway shareholders that company profits fell more than last year , to just under billion .
this jury spoke loud and clear , that lillo had nothing to do with the murder of this police officer , tacopina said .
harrods department store owner and egyptian multimillionaire mohamed al fayed was questioned by police wednesday , a store spokeswoman said , after london metropolitan police said a man had been questioned in connection with an allegation of sexual assault on a girl under .
albania s government supports independence for kosovo , a province dominated by ethnic albanians .
a u . s . university will begin the questionable practice of teaching classes in both korean and english from later this month to enable korean students with limited english skills to earn a degree .
amid an intensifying dispute over the planned takeover of wartime control of south korean troops from the united states , a fresh debate over the so called constitutionality of the command transfer has arisen .
sitting on iraq s death row is a year old woman convicted in the slayings of three relatives .
all put to work as carpenters .
shiite government leaders , including al maliki , say the rape allegation was fabricated and is serving to undermine the government s effort to target all insurgents , regardless of their ethnic or religious affiliation .
the deal comes amid increased competition for turkmenistan s vast gas reserves since the death last year of president saparmurat niyazov , who had signed deals to build export pipelines to power hungry china .
we are not the enemy give us way .
first , remove financial barriers in access to transplants .
the general closure of the west bank and gaza went into effect early friday morning and will be lifted according to security assessments , a statement from israel defense forces said .
in what became one of the defining moments of his career , yeltsin rallied the people against an attempt to overthrow gorbachev s era of glasnost and perestroika .
from there , they were flown to taiwan . they had a good breakfast to sustain them on the long journey , said a taiwan keeper traveling with the animals to the island , according to xinhua .
washington had promised to resolve the issue as part of the implementation of a landmark feb . agreement under which north korea agreed to shut down yongbyon , its main nuclear reactor and processing facility , and allow u . n . inspectors for verification by april .
the dia director says insurgent attacks increased by from .
the us church attracted the ire of conservative anglicans by appointing gay bishop gene robinson in .
casey said the bush letter , dated december and addressed to mr . chairman , was intended to show the united states is serious about keeping the process moving .
the average employee prints about , pages a year , and roughly percent of that is waste , hamilton said from his greenprint office in the old town section of portland , oregon .
the ruling is expected to serve as the guideline for lower courts in dealing with around other similar cases of conscientious objectors .
yet coke officials say the cost reflects more to see and do at the new museum , including more than , coke artifacts never exhibited before .
we re now in a position because of the success of the security to make additional commitments on reconstruction and development , harper said . these are hard won gains by the military .
u . s . to plans to cut its forces in korea .
the justice department is conducting a criminal investigation into an e mail glitch at the white house that resulted in the failure to turn over hundreds of messages that had been subpoenaed by congress .
how do they make such serious topics funny ?
i have not found other cases in my clinical practice , but it is probably an underdiagnosed condition .
russian president dmitry medvedev congratulated obama on his victory and said he was hoping for constructive dialogue with the incoming u . s . president but also highlighted differences between the two countries , including the missile defense plan .
south korea plans to send new troops to iraq despite opposition movement .
civilians complain of wide abuses in these operations , saying innocent young men are taken away and never seen again , others summarily executed or beaten .
clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race because she trails obama in delegates won , states won and the popular vote this primary season .
but military and intelligence sources here said there is no solid evidence yet that leads the south korean government to a hasty conclusion north korea has completed fueling the missile and would test fire it soon .
abramovich has seen his fortune cut by over billion to billion . b in the global economic downturn , the magazine estimated .
hill was referring to the steps to be taken leading up to a day deadline for pyongyang to shut down its main plutonium producing nuclear reactor in return for fuel aid . the new york talks are aimed at normalizing diplomatic relations between the us and north korea for the first time since they fought each other in the korean war .
gendreau studies germiness while traveling , and he knows just how infectious travel can be .
half of the nearly million displaced iraqis are children , according to unicef .
over the past four months , buhritz , located just south of baquba , has seen an increase in the number of al qaeda in iraq fighters .
pack a picnic , and don t forget a camera .
jamaica s usain bolt is officially the fastest man on the planet as he set a new meters world record of . seconds at an international meeting in new york .
democrats , focusing on the potential for cures or treatments of parkinson s , alzheimer s and other diseases , made the embryonic stem cell legislation a priority when they took control of the house and senate in january .
two coast guard cutters are also headed for the area , but both are at least a day away , he said .
the first thing insoo does after hakwon is , of course , turn on the pc .
cbs correspondent kimberly dozier , who previously worked for bbc world service radio , was seriously injured . she is undergoing a second bout of surgery at a us military hospital .
the problem we have is not a lack of good ideas , obama said in milwaukee , wisconsin , friday . it s that washington today is a place where good ideas go to die .
cotte said the change in position was the result of a lap blanket held by leonardo s model .
iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful .
specialist barker is one of four us soldiers charged with murder .
another sign to many economists that the country s already in a recession .
love is not all around ?
for days , israeli battle tanks and rooftop snipers surrounded the church , where gunmen hid out and survived on boiled grass and well water .
analysts say that the absence of a serious alternative to thaksin s thai rak thai party seriously threatens the election s legitimacy .
the national assembly , dominated by chavez supporters , is poised to approve constitutional amendments that would give the government control over the central bank , create new types of cooperative property and extend presidential terms from six to seven years while allowing chavez to run again in .
according to early exit polls , half of clinton s supporters in indiana would not vote for obama in a general election match up with sen . john mccain , the presumptive republican presidential nominee .
texas and ohio are the biggest prizes tuesday democratic delegates are at stake in texas and in ohio .
in its first public response to talks last week , north korea said it would act as soon as it received funds frozen in a row over money laundering .
stocks opened sharply lower in new york as wall street waits for some news .
hur looked disappointed but listened to the notion that most south koreans want , u . s . troops to stay in the south , a legacy of the korean war , as a deterrent against north korea and for regional security even after the two koreas reunify . you get tired of a guest who stays more than three days .
in exchange , the government would then get an equity stake in those banks .
maybe not directly , says paleontologist hans franz
conatser said his store , virginia arms company , has run out of some models such as the ar rifle , the civilian version of the military s m and is running low on others .
other victims included three nepalese workers , three crew members , one interpreter and a mechanic whose nationalities have not yet been confirmed .
queen elizabeth ii was hosting a birthday party for her son thursday at buckingham palace .
siena s loss became our sightseeing gain , as its political and economic irrelevance pickled it gothic .
petroleum rich venezuela . last year , car sales increased by about percent , according to the cia world factbook .
dunwoody , a native of new york , was commissioned as a second lieutenant in after her graduation from the state university of new york in cortland .
unlike comparable laws in the united states and japan , however , the bill does not include provisions for imposing sanctions on north korea .
commercial waste , for example , has to be costed as a cost of production component .
in the old days , some jars were cut out of logs and lined with oil soaked paper to prevent juice leaking .
house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , said monday in a statement , the president s strategy in iraq has failed . it is time to change the mission of our troops to one that will promote regional stability and combat terrorism .
fighting over the past three days has killed at least palestinians and injured more , of them critically , medical sources said .
his early victory keyed a big night for cbs , which won nine trophies to go with its seven creative arts awards thursday , giving the network a leading wins .
his critics accuse him of becoming obsessed with power and seeking to become a lifelong leader just like his close friend fidel castro .
the european union has agreed to freeze the overseas assets of iran s bank melli , a spokesman for britain s foreign office said monday .
cultures in every country , dewolfe told a forum at seoul s elite yonsei university in the south korean capital seoul . we believe that people use web sites differently in every country .
flight og , operated by airline one two go , had flown to phuket from the thai capital , bangkok .
he was in the water for about an hour .
ben gordon scored points , while luol deng had and rebounds as the bulls romped home in the eastern conference first round series .
the dow slumped after investors initially tried to push stocks higher in the morning on better than expected earnings from morgan stanley .
at least people were dead and others were injured , said le van ut , the vice chief of police in vinh long province .
a representative answering the patient information line at bayfront medical center in st . petersburg , florida , said nick bollea , , had been discharged .
berezovsky , a vocal critic of putin , said he was in contact with members of russia s political elite .
astronauts from the us space shuttle endeavour are examining a gouge in its heat shield , sustained during take off from cape canaveral on wednesday .
rebuilding would be
public broadcaster nhk reports that year old tsutomu miyazaki was hanged early tuesday .
north korea is committed to dismantling its nuclear weapons program , an unofficial us envoy has said , after a visit to the capital pyongyang .
and in a surprise twist , wal mart would turn out to be a hero , not a villain .
more than a few hangovers were expected wednesday as many kenyans celebrated the presumptive democratic nominee s latest primary election win and him surpassing the delegate total needed to win the party s nomination .
the italian football league has closed a section of atalanta s stadium for four months after rioting by fans two weeks ago .
scorsese , , was up against clint eastwood , who beat him two years ago and went up against him again this year having directed two critical favorites though he was nominated for only one , letters from iwo jima . gallery
twenty militants were detained , and seven weapons caches were discovered , the military said .
however , a visa is still required for long term stays and work .
the blast seriously injured a lawyer standing nearby , but his injuries are not life threatening , french interior minister michele alliot marie said
some parts of canada and a number of u . s . states have had strict controls on smoking for years .
i send you three kisses one on your heart , one on your mouth and one on your eyes , wrote the chastened lover in a spidery scrawl full of corrections and crossings out .
he had predicted that the world would stand up and take notice .
but he gave no ground in the face of questions over deportations of illegal workers , such as a raid in massachusetts last week .
the financial instability in the united states and other global markets will continue for the time being , negatively affecting consumption and investment here . this was not the first time that lee cautioned about a slowing economy , but the tone was clearly different from the past .
if you ve had chicken pox , you have a significant risk of developing shingles , a painful reawakening of the chicken pox virus .
more than a million people marched through colombia s major cities thursday and drivers honked horns in unison in a mass protest to demand the immediate liberation of the country s kidnap victims .
new satellite data on the melting antarctic glaciers is causing concern among scientists , who say it s happening faster than anticipated .
obama also said she knows what it means to have family values .
the payback came , she said , when her husband decided to run for president in and mcdougall planted false information about our relationship in the press , claiming he had refused favors from clinton when he was governor .
robert fellowes , who is married to diana s sister jane and was formerly private secretary to queen elizabeth ii , testified at the coroner s inquest that he was in norfolk in eastern england on the august night that diana and her boyfriend dodi fayed were in a fatal car crash in paris .
visibility in the blowing snow was less than yards , and in stronger gusts if there s a car in front of you , you can t even see it , he said .
cnn aims to find out by opening an i report hub in second life , a three dimensional virtual world created entirely by its residents .
he sometimes asks me how i am in the mornings , she said .
authorities also took one shotgun , three semiautomatic pistols and , .
today , botnets are the weapon of choice for cyber criminals , said fbi director robert mueller in a statement .
and the casinos , given the propensity for the chinese to gamble , will probably be a success .
this rudeness has deteriorated public spaces , according to lew friedland , a communications professor at the university of wisconsin madison .
wielding video cameras like weapons , fighters quickly upload images of their attacks and create a valuable morale booster for their supporters .
perth , australia cnn a man who auctioned his life his house , his car , his job , even his friends on ebay said monday he is disappointed with the selling price
some women have told police they were raped as part of an effort to drive the immigrants out .
the man , a self employed public relations consultant according to the associated press , said he had also murdered both his parents and his father in law in the cities of ansfelden and linz , respectively , the spokesman said .
the poll , conducted by the university of new hampshire , surveyed likely democrats and republicans likely to vote in tuesday s primary .
addressing the general synod , the church of england s national assembly , monday williams said he took responsibility for any unclarity and misleading choice of words and possible distress or misunderstanding they had caused , both to christians and the public at large .
comfort women is a euphemism for wartime sex slaves .
ed donahue , washington .
according to the ministry of health and welfare , about . percent of males drink more than a bottle of soju at a time , which is regarded as high risk drinking .
registration began last week and tens of thousands of names already have been registered .
singapore generates a variety of toxic wastes , such as waste oil , spent solvent , spent enchant and waste sludge .
vatican city ap pope john paul ii celebrated christmas eve mass early wednesday against the backdrop of a possible war against iraq a war to which the vatican is voicing increasing opposition .
bonsall told investigators he pushed her down in self defense after she cut his arm and face with a steak knife .
their policy prescription is simple .
scientists at britain s oxford and exeter universities , who studied eating habits of women during their first time pregnancies , say that their findings seem to back certain traditional links between diet and gender while disproving others .
da costa , an ex policeman , allegedly shot president jose ramos horta outside his home on february , two military sources told the associated press , citing several witness accounts .
seong kyoung ryung , head of the presidential committee on balanced national development , unveiled the plan at a special lecture hosted by grand national party lawmakers .
and he accused orlando police of wanting a second bite of the apple .
. stopping your job search while you wait for a response
cutts was the father of davis year old son , blake .
and the united states is in the thick of the debate .
queen elizabeth ii highlighted president roh moo hyun s state visit to the u . k . with a welcoming ceremony with the horse guards and a luncheon that followed , hosted by the queen , at buckingham palace on wednesday .
the ministry said it would examine the appropriateness of capital punishment under the current laws during the first half of this year and review whether to retain the penalty .
recent political developments in afghanistan and pakistan , the prevalence of libyan fighters in iraq , and the evidence of a well established smuggling route for libyans through egypt , suggests that libyan factions primarily the libyan islamic fighting group are increasingly important in al qaeda , the report said .
striker pedro berruezo died as a result of a heart ailment when he collapsed during a second division match against pontevedra in at the age of .
thanks for the memories
bangkok , thailand cnn thai policemen who break rules will be forced to wear hot pink armbands featuring hello kitty , the japanese icon of cute , as a mark of shame , a senior officer said monday .
they are the men tasked with taking on english and european champions manchester united in the fifa club world cup on thursday
the northerners seemed carefully educated in international issues concerning their government .
the u . s . federal reserve cut a key short term interest rate by three quarters of a percentage point tuesday . the federal funds rate , an overnight bank lending rate that affects how much interest consumers pay on credit cards , home equity lines of credit and auto loans , was cut to . percent .
sleepy teenagers may not be able to help it , researchers say .
he was wrong about the surge in iraq .
nearly two thirds of the , tons of paper will be approved by the forest stewardship council , an international organization with a mission to promote environmentally responsible , socially beneficial and economically viable management of the world s forests .
if it went straight to cochin they would get a lot closer to the danger area , he said .
the new temporary leader and government of afghanistan will serve for two years .
which the new york film critics circle named the year s best was shut out of the best director and best drama categories .
ozone is part of the stratosphere , which stretches from six to miles above the earth s surface .
this is a very big message from this show .
rich country politicians talk of skill deficits and the need to improve training
the new law , approved by the national assembly in may last year , is aimed at giving residents substantial authority to supervise the management of local governments through a wake up call to corrupt and incompetent officials .
a train crash in a remote location in central democratic republic of congo killed at least people , the united nations peacekeeping force said on thursday .
the film centers around death
china has given a warm welcome to the taiwanese delegation , but the visit has provoked a mixed reaction back home .
us defence secretary robert gates called it a backdoor attempt to pull troops off the battlefield .
workers used a refrigeration system to bring the vault to degrees celsius just below degrees fahrenheit , and a smaller refrigeration system plus the area s natural permafrost and the mountain s thick rock will keep the vault at least c f .
but the mood could not have been more of a contrast , as rallies nationwide were solemn and calm .
nearly a million dollars and millions of acres of land have been paid out .
the decentralized system is organized not to pry into drivers privacy , says spokesman michael greenstein .
it is feared the death toll will rise , with several others reported missing .
allegedly under the influence and with a small amount of cocaine in her pants pocket , lindsay lohan was arrested after chasing the mother of her personal assistant in her car early tuesday morning , santa monica police said .
davos , switzerland cnn pakistan s president pervez musharraf lashed out thursday at what he called western intellectual arrogance toward his country , angrily dismissing claims that rising unpopularity has undermined his authority .
unveiling his report , ocampo told reporters the team had been working from outside of darfur , including a field office in neighboring chad , but had faced serious obstacles . we are now entering a new phase where unconditional cooperation will be essential to complete the investigation and identify those most responsible for crimes committed in darfur .
since the economic downturn , furman has been seeing more activity on her blog
police said the men were wearing dark clothes and hoods , and one of them spoke german with a slavic accent . they were all of average height , police said .
the foreign ministry is under criticism again this time for failing to bring home nine family members of three south korean prisoners of war from china , where they were staying after escaping from north korea in july last year .
apparently , israel s part of its aerial attack against hamas positions , hit part of the un position over there .
guseynov said officials would try to find experienced negotiators .
the deal with the dog was that we would get the dog , um , after we got settled , because as responsible owners , we , i don t think it would be good to get a dog in the midst of transition .
according to the cancer institute , there is no safe level of secondhand smoke , and it can have an immediate effect on a person s heart and blood vessels .
with the aging of the population , parks will be competing for an older crowd , which means that attractions may have to be geared toward year olds .
hudson s year old nephew julian , julia s son , has been missing since the shootings last friday .
they were completely professional , says tatiana andreeva , the director of the miss moscow beauty contest , who used the tandem school team to guard the competition this year .
father ly , who is , has already spent of the past years in prison for his opposition to communist party rule .
after saturday s results and a split decision in last week s super tuesday contests , clinton shook up her campaign sunday by replacing campaign manager patti solis doyle with a longtime adviser maggie williams , her campaign announced sunday .
inspired by a belgian exhibition of artist decorated rooms , bernard redolfi commissioned one artist a year to transform one of the windsor s rooms .
on the white house web site .
on monday , as olmert prepared to meet with abbas in jerusalem , the israeli cabinet voted to release palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture toward abbas .
blacks are historically a very mobile population in our society .
more than two thirds say they ve had no effect at all , says cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .
the new york philharmonic played in pyongyang on tuesday , and north korean state symphony orchestra is due to perform in london and the english city of middlesbrough in september .
moscow hosted the summer games , which were hit by the u . s . led boycott following the soviet invasion of afghanistan .
the residential component will not occur for several years . that is nothing new .
bulls don t borrow money . bulls are edible after they have been killed .
the military said it has taken precautions to guard the remaining families in the region .
in return , it would receive aid equal to , tons of heavy fuel oil from the other countries participating in the six party nuclear talks the united states , south korea , russia , china and japan .
president bush imposed sanctions tuesday against sudan in reaction to the genocide in darfur , and has ordered actions against companies and three people preventing them from doing business in or with u . s . companies .
watching the scene , the outpouring of warmth from total strangers , zainab wept , tears running down her face .
the attempted abduction was captured on closed circuit television cctv and broadcast nationwide to tv viewers .
but the animals could get a trust fund to shield them from hard times .
a government spokesman said the defeat went against public opinion and the desires of communist china s central leadership .
people were taken in july and held captive by taliban forces , who killed two of them .
by using this remote sensing ability , we ve been able to show the zebras change behavior markedly when they use the plains at night to minimize the risk of being preyed upon by lions , rubenstein said .
people gathered outside the hospital to hear news about friends and relatives
speaking earlier by telephone to reuters , yousif warned the taliban s latest demand for the release of prisoners in exchange for the remaining hostages was the last deadline .
it was when steve stricker watched him from yards away on an elevated tee that he realized how tough it would be to beat him sunday in the bmw championship .
he said there was no evidence of an explosion .
cho killed people and himself at the us university in april in the deadliest shooting spree in modern us history .
he won t say exactly how many soldiers that will entail , but did say it s more than ten thousand .
the successful launch made south korea the th country to send a person into space and second from asia .
instead of apple ceo steve jobs , celebrity seekers at tuesday s macworld keynote address had to settle for crooner tony bennett .
many people recover without treatment . however , severe infection and even death are possible .
the charges were confirmed by leonard vincent , who heads the africa desk at paris based reporters without borders .
the inquest into the paris crash that killed the couple and paul lasted six months .
the publication says angelina jolie , who gets more than million a movie , is the highest paid actress .
al qaeda was blamed for the bombing of the uss cole in aden that killed american sailors and the attack on a french oil tanker that killed one person two years later .
palestinian prime minister ismail haniyeh , a member of hamas , said , we made great efforts at keeping the truce and there was a positive palestinian position , but unfortunately this position was met by expanding israeli aggression and escalating it against the palestinian people , according to the associated press .
many passengers forget about the rules in their effort to avoid checking baggage .
auto industry adviser ted grozier said the exhibition will showcase the industry s efforts to reduce reliance on gas guzzling vehicles .
officials said one of the five people still hospitalized was in serious condition
tests determined kennedy had not suffered a stroke .
last month , natalie got the bad news herself .
saiz , at a news conference , refused to publicly identify the recipient country , but spain s ser radio , said it was russia , citing unnamed sources .
the dow jones industrial average dropped . points , or . percent , to close at , . .
pakistan s taliban chief claims responsibility for a deadly assault on a police academy , saying he wanted to retaliate for us missile attacks on militant bases bordering afghanistan .
the army of islam blamed hamas militants for kidnapping two of its members the week of june while they were leaving a gaza mosque after morning prayers .
counsel is trying to trash my client in some kind of emotional appeal .
queen elizabeth ii highlighted president roh moo hyun s state visit to the u . k . with a welcoming ceremony with the horse guards and a luncheon that followed , hosted by the queen , at buckingham palace on wednesday .
gul failed to win election in a first round parliamentary vote which opponents say was unconstitutional .
this criticism comes after remarks recently made by cnn commentator jack cafferty .
by october , the pentagon is likely to decide on a major realignment and perhaps a substantial withdrawal of forces in south korea .
the first pictures from nasa s mars phoenix lander , which successfully touched down near mars north pole sunday , showed a pattern of brown polygons as far as the camera could see .
according to the korea herald , he said south korea and the united states need to reach agreement on a washington plan to transform american forces here into units that can be deployed quickly in regional conflicts .
survivors described how the plane smashed through a wall and broke up , before bursting into flames .
they don t discuss problems
stem cells are cells which can be manipulated by scientists to grow into specific parts of a body .
forces korea beyond the peninsula if necessary , according to the korea herald .
it will be dumped from rooftops and setbacks come midnight wednesday .
donald tsang said the move was a most important step in the former british colony s political future .
the astronauts are using the shuttle s robotic arm and extension boom , tipped with a laser and a camera , to determine the exact size and depth of the gash .
we will hunt down the people that are responsible for that , he said .
gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non prescription controlled substances hours before taking custody of the children .
general zahir azimi , a defense ministry spokesman , said thousands of afghan troops with reinforcement from the capital city of kabul
well , getting bang for your buck while selling a home is getting a little bit harder .
the ecb cut its main interest rate by basis points to . percent
peter s basilica decorated with red poinsettias , a frail john paul presided over midnight mass , ushering in one of the most joyous christian holidays amid mounting tensions between washington and baghdad .
iranian officials previously confirmed the detentions of three other iranian americans scholar haleh esfandiari , who is the director of the middle east program at the woodrow wilson international center for scholars
of unknown origin and unique to puglia , they date at least from the middle ages .
he was relegated to the backup crew in march after he was accused of removing technical materials from a cosmonaut training center library without authorization . yi , ko s backup , replaced him on the primary crew .
beckham was also involved moments later as his clever reverse pass saw lampard bursting through but this time lehmann was able to keep out his strike .
the official said the bomber detonated an explosive vest , killing an iraqi commander and a soldier .
cardinals wide receiver , larry fitzgerald , says he s not too concerned about the steelers top ranked defense
a thick plume of black smoke covered the sky over london monday as blaze broke out in a disused warehouse on the site of the olympics .
president roh moo hyun reorganized cheong wa dae yesterday in what is seen as a move to reshape the ruling camp and promote smoother relations with parliament and the people .
yalcin aksoy of the turkish olympic committee also told reporters there was no question of the torch not coming to his country or being refused , and that such a move would be against the olympic spirit . no one should mix politics with sports , he said .
cox communications offered to install its service for free for consumers left without their dsl service .
the blast and fire occurred about p . m . saturday in the rahpouyan e vessal cultural center section of shohada hosseiniyeh mosque in the city of shiraz , iran s state run news agency reported .
the justices rejected appeals from xavier university and other individuals and businesses seeking to allow their lawsuits against the insurers to go forward .
in the story , the main character witnesses the rape of his friend but does nothing to stop it .
we would be interested in diplomatic discussions , and , in my view , it is quite resolvable , said larijani , who also said he believed there should be a delegation to clarify whether the british personnel intruded into iranian waters .
another hat trick went to germany s legendary striker birgit prinz , , playing in her fourth world cup .
hawkins had been on antidepressants but stopped taking them because they made him feel weird , maruca kovac said .
it surpasses a ban of million pounds processed meat , the associated press reported .
president bush called obama to congratulate him last night and stepped out into the rose garden to talk about it a short time ago
she declined to say how many police officers were involved in the investigation , on the ground that it could jeopardize the inquiry .
two other suspects also are accused of paying a courier , to bring a shipment of ivory from cameroon into the united states .
but the circumstances have forced the man she relied on to rely on her .
targets included suspected cache sites for explosives and roadside bombs , and the aim was to neutralize the threat before the troops go in , the official said .
pwc decided to withdraw its audit opinions for yukos when it became aware of new information which had it been known at the time may have affected yukos s audit reports , said a statement posted on the pwc s web site .
the intra party feud broke out this month after chung in bong , park s former legal adviser , threatened to unveil alleged ethical wrongdoings by lee , who holds commanding leads in all opinion polls .
born in in villa fiorito , maradona went on to almost single handedly take his country to world cup final glory in and then back to the final four years later where they were beaten by west germany .
ruling uri party lawmakers lee kwang chol and ahn min seok said that the kfa manipulated official documents and kept their annual budget intentionally unclear .
as many as , cats wandered seoul as of , city officials estimated , and the number has been increasing .
the main opposition grand national party gnp also expressed deep concern that the move will destabilize northeast asian security .
i do think now that chrysler has a very bright future .
i understand percent , said simpson , dressed in a navy blue jail jumpsuit .
the confederation dropped gusmao from the brazil squad to participate in a world cup meet in russia next weekend .
apple fueled rumors about jobs condition when the company announced last month that jobs would not attend macworld to deliver his usual keynote address .
the groom and his family then had a feast , while the dog got a bun , the paper said .
twenty seven miners were rescued monday less than five hours after a landslide trapped them deep below ground in a gold mine west of melbourne , australia , police said .
a federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit by outed spy valerie plame and her husband against vice president dick cheney and other top bush administration officials .
kandahar , afghanistan ap adjusting her black veil to get a better look at the computer screen , year old fatima points to something she just typed .
while the web allows kids the freedom to make friends , play games and research homework with the click of a button , it can pose a potential danger as online predators , cyberbullies and scam artists ply their trade .
russian authorities promptly arrested a slightly intoxicated passenger from uzbekistan , russia s interfax news agency reported , citing a national police spokesman .
according to the kbs poll , lee enjoyed a . percent support rate .
the boy and girl , aged and , watched as the scrub python devoured their silky terrier chihuahua crossbreed monday at their home near kuranda in queensland state .
a week of national mourning was declared by president susilo bambang yudhoyono , who is taking charge of a state funeral after suharto s body is flown by air force planes to the family mausoleum .
coccaro , who now goes by the name phoenix feeley , remained in custody for hours before she was told prosecutors were not going to pursue charges .
putin arrived on this wave on promises of stability and pride for one s country as a great power , and of a restoration of order and a major part of this ideology was pride in the past , orlov said .
more than , of the students have already surrendered , although less than have done so since early thursday .
intuition when feeding and caring for the new baby , because scientific knowledge about their development is limited , toda said .
abe on monday rebuffed criticism in the u . s . media for his efforts to champion the cause of japanese citizens kidnapped by north korean agents decades ago , while refusing to own up to japan s own past kidnappings .
does drinking alcohol shrink your brain ?
less than two weeks ago , the u . s . embassy warned americans to avoid the area .
us president george w bush will announce this week he plans to reduce us troops in iraq by about , by next summer , white house officials say .
the brazil forward has been linked with chelsea and ac milan , but club president laporta said after the triumph over deportivo la coruna that ronaldinho is staying put .
cnn meteorologist chad myers said six to eight foot swells were reported in the area through wednesday night and were not expected to come down until friday or saturday .
the primary season ends tuesday when voters in montana and south dakota weigh in in the lengthy nomination battle .
opening day headliners will include sheryl crow and allison krauss as well as reggae master burning spear . music the first weekend also includes the count basie band featuring patti austin , archie bell and billy joel .
a military physician needs to be a physician first and a military officer second , in my opinion .
it was the latest setback to woo s massive production , which marks his return to chinese language film after a stint in hollywood .
at the same time , the pope added , peace is a commitment that must be pursued with patience .
the latest government figures show the economy is much worse than previous estimates have shown .
tokyo , japan cnn authorities have raided two companies south tokyo for possibly exporting sensitive technology that ended up in a north korean nuclear facility , police said thursday .
the mastrogiacomo deal drew criticism in afghanistan and italy for encouraging the taliban to take more hostages .
the opposition , which controls the legislative chamber , has for days threatened to block central bank deputy gov . toshiro muto s appointment , which came last week , accusing the government of bulldozing bills and using strong arm tactics to push their own personnel decisions .
in the shadow of a garbage can , with what appears to be an empty cup perched in front of him .
the manager was asked about damage .
in addition to the u . s . embassy , protesters attacked other western interests including the embassies of britain and germany , as well as a mcdonald s restaurant and nike shop .
his warnings against drug use , violence , corruption and the temptations of wealth and power were sure to sound across the region .
the house of bishops may try to return to the question of a ban but the house of deputies which voted against the move by nearly a two thirds majority would have to go back on its decision for it to pass .
for a chief executive who has made such an enormous contribution to this great company , it is a tragedy that he should be compelled by his sense of honor to resign in these painful circumstances .
a veteran democratic activist in washington told cnn that former fannie mae ceo jim johnson has accepted obama s request for him to begin a screening selection process for the no . spot .
that s the ap s christopher torchia in baghdad .
korea s birthrate fell in to the lowest level on record , and among the world s lowest , as fewer women opted to get married and couples waited longer to tie the knot , a government report said yesterday .
the group also recommended five video games , all rated t for teens , including guitar hero
a senate committee vote on president george w bush s nomination of john bolton to become the next us ambassador to the un has been further delayed .
new york john travolta says his thinking is in line with fellow scientologist tom cruise , who has publicly defended the religion s stance against psychiatry and the pharmaceutical industry .
but hayden and sen . lindsey graham , r south carolina , said the iraqis did not consult them before launching their offensive .
the violence came after exiled tibetan leaders said a chinese crackdown had killed at least people in lhasa .
but many indonesian authorities believe abu dujana took over the organization and revitalized its military wing .
where is the missing indonesian plane ?
confusion is growing in kyrgyzstan for constructing the interim government .
kampusch said she still owned clothing she had while in captivity and that she has been back to the house where she was imprisoned .
. not paying attention
one of her main challenges in the next month will be to raise enough money to compete with obama in the final contests .
it could even attract a bigger audience in , thanks to the hollywood writers strike .
the women s brain activities were a bit more puzzling .
police confirmed they had been called to an incident at a london hotel by a concerned member of the public but said no charges were filed .
in exchange , the government would then get an equity stake in those banks .
i want to believe was the slogan on a poster duchovny s ufo obsessed agent fox mulder had hanging in the cluttered basement office where he and anderson s dana scully worked .
the two people named in the lawsuit are longtime pavarotti friends franca corfini strata , wife of the singer s dietician , and lidia la marca , wife of conductor leone magiera , who often performed with pavarotti .
real madrid launched their champions league group c campaign with a win over german club werder bremen in spain . skipper raul and dutch marksman ruud van nistelrooy were on target for real in their th european outing .
that s true despite the growing popularity of entertainment alternatives , which have stolen of the prime time audience from networks .
in washington , officials at the department of homeland security said there was no immediate concern that terrorism was behind the outage .
the biggest challenge posed by the nonstop economy may be a physiological one
several new fires were reported to have broken out in san diego county on monday morning .
i hope that many others in the future will be able to benefit from the change in the law which i helped bring about .
rome , italy cnn italy s prime minister lost a confidence vote thursday in the senate and will be resigning his office .
just , chinese . percent of all overseas visitors traveled to the u . s in .
part of that plan is the introduction this month of the redesigned dodge caravan and chrysler town country minivans , which are critical products for chrysler .
amid fears that violence might erupt , march leaders decided to halt the demonstration a couple of blocks from the tomb .
it is highly plausible that hill had flown back to washington with a proposal , containing creative ideas of the two communist allies and south korea on ways to resolve what kim jong il called the difficulties that have allegedly blocked pyongyang s return to the negotiation table .
most other mammals don t have this drive for romantic love and attachment .
however , pledge takers are less likely than other religious or conservative teens to use condoms or birth control when they do start having sex .
obama also said he talks with the former vice president on a regular basis , and often consults with him on climate change issues .
one worker said it was the second time in a week he was evacuated because of storms .
the children s bones were found
south korea foreign minister song min soon said his country already planned to withdraw its troops from afghanistan by the end of this year .
the u . s . navy will likely attempt to shoot down a faulty spy satellite thursday , the day after the space shuttle atlantis is scheduled to land , two officials told cnn monday .
i turned around , and it was like bodies falling out of the sky .
iran appears to bar some korean exports .
bhutto s pakistan people s party came in on top in february elections and is preparing to lead a new coalition government united against u . s . backed president pervez musharraf , whose supporters were routed in the polls .
police maj . claudio escobar said the search would continue until the seven missing people had been located .
the government has admitted detaining more than , people from the protests and several hundred are believed to be still in custody .
in greece , several thousand people took part in a rally which followed two straight days of demonstration which drew , and over , people .
authorities were still investigating what they believed was an isolated incident when the slaughter occurred at norris hall .
european markets were jittery again thursday following losses earlier in the week , while us shares played more positively and asia markets continued to showed marked contrasts .
outgoing president jacques chirac is to turn over power to sarkozy on may after years in office .
we can t find good enough beer anywhere but here .
the four key areas include computers , internet , telecom and social infrastructures .
the first skull of the earliest known ancestor of the giant panda has been discovered in china , researchers report .
on thursday , the faa initiated actions to seek a . million civil penalty against southwest for allegedly operating airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking .
iceland has even lured a big aluminum companies to build a massive smelting plants .
this inauguration in particular being a momentous one , more and more people would want to be there , and more and more people would want to do something to improve their appearance on a quick fix type of basis .
christopher hill , the chief u . s . negotiator at the six nation talks on north korean nuclear issues , and wu dawei , his chinese counterpart , met over breakfast yesterday .
buyukanit s remarks appeared to put erdogan s government under pressure to seek approval from parliament to send soldiers into iraq to fight separatist kurdish guerrillas .
ask why someone would choose a yoga vacation and the meditation , body contortions and discipline that goes with it and the answer repeats
former panamanian dictator manuel noriega s extradition to france was stayed wednesday .
kit bond , top republican on the senate intelligence committee , says the house speaker s comments this time yesterday were a tragedy .
the video appears to challenge the us military s account of events that took place in the town of ishaqi in march .
one of the word s greatest collections of historical letters , including a note written by napoleon to his lover josephine , has been found in a filing cabinet tucked away in a swiss laundry room .
i wasn t grasping the racket very well and i wasn t feeling very well when i went to the court . i couldn t play more than three balls on every point . i didn t have power in the legs .
but other than wearing nose plugs while swimming or staying out of freshwater above degrees fahrenheit , there is little people can do to prevent exposure to the amoeba .
hamas denied the claim , but two palestinians reportedly linked to hamas were later killed near a mosque in gaza city , and nine more people were injured .
william fallon resigned tuesday as chief of u . s . forces in the middle east and central asia after just a year in the post , citing what he called an inaccurate perception that he is at odds with the bush administration over iran .
the category cyclone raked bangladesh s southwest coast on thursday with maximum sustained winds of km h mph , destroying fishermen s hamlets and villages .
more than million copies from the book series titled meon nara , yiwoot nara , or far countries , near countries , have been sold since it was first published in , according to its publisher , gimm young publishers .
it is currently pending because of a parliamentary deadlock over other contentious bills . if passed , it would be the first major change to the military justice system in years .
two weeks after the july bombings , an attempted second wave of bombings struck other trains and a bus , but the devices failed to explode properly .
the findings go against the traditional view of romance
and then now , i m looking at all these blogs this morning about how everybody thinks she s fat and i m like , what ! fat
at a news briefing on the first day of the eighth round of the fta talks between the two sides in seoul on thursday , cutler said , for a balanced , high quality agreement and to meet the deadline we re determined to do something .
a south korean ship brimming with instant noodles , blankets and bottled water sailed wednesday for north korea as an international effort intensified to help thousands injured or left homeless in last week s deadly train explosion .
six months after the united states began deploying the additional american forces , the pentagon is downplaying expectations about the soon to be released interim report on the success of the surge .
john , shortly before the president elect unveils his new team , the president s speaking with his own and will speak with reporters in about a half hour from the treasury department steps next door from here , after the government announced its latest big bailout effort
at least people , including palestinian children , have died in gaza s worst day of fighting since israeli incursions in early march .
i strongly support that .
the fair trade commission fined sales branches of the nation s top three newspapers the chosun ilbo , joong ang ilbo and dong a ilbo for providing excessive free gifts and free issues .
body was dadullah .
the lebanese army has destroyed all fatah islam positions , defense minister elias murr said on the private lebanese broadcasting television . the army is combing the area . this terrorist organization has been uprooted .
millions of chinese made toys have been recalled in the us and australia after they were found to contain a substance linked to the date rape drug ghb .
the anti thaksin people s alliance for democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing his rule , told cnn on tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on thursday .
i always enjoy the match against fabrice , said federer who won and is chasing his th major title .
many people will have been able to seek refuge in neighbors homes and in public buildings such as schools and clinics , he said .
prosecutors indicted taiwan presidential hopeful ma ying jeou on corruption charges tuesday , dealing a blow to the harvard educated lawyer widely considered to be a front runner because of his reputation for being a clean politician .
holding candles , protesters against the impeachment packed the lane boulevard in gwanghwamun near seoul city hall , chanting impeachment invalid !
officials said the two wounded teenagers , age and , had been hospitalized and were expected to survive .
they ve made no attempt to have any contact with us at all .
treasury secretary timothy geithner s job security takes another hit .
the bomb lance was meant to kill the whale immediately and prevent it from escaping .
compared to exports to europe , an additional . is added to each barrel of crude shipped to asia .
that was a strong point in sochi s favor with the ioc , which likes to spread the olympics to new host countries .
all of the unidentified victims were foreign nationals , it reported .
london , england cnn harry potter creator j . k . rowling has revealed she thought of killing herself while penniless and suffering from depression as a single mother , according to a report in britain s sunday times newspaper .
that s why shares from toyota in tokyo to bmw in frankfurt were down heavily .
the result is seen by many as a sign of chronic immaturity of the korean political process .
illinois gov . rod blagojevich appeared in court tuesday afternoon to hear federal corruption charges against him .
there s still a holiday feel in the air , said nick bennenbroek , head of currency strategy at wells fargo .
img is the world s largest talent and entertainment agency .
some subjects will be taught in english to enable students to use the language .
the magnetic field forces the particles toward the north and south poles .
after kennedy spoke , obama told the boisterous crowed
but it s always possible that someone else had the same idea it s a simple and obvious idea , after all .
designed primarily for city and suburban use , the new car will be smaller than a smart car three of them can fit into a single parking space , light around kilos , twice as efficient as an average car and will have the lowest emissions of any car in the same class .
prime minister surayud chulanont is reported to have defended the move , saying the extra payments were worth it to rid the country of corruption .
the figure represents the fastest growth in four years due to a rise in housing loans .
but on saturday darwin walked in to a police station in central london and told officers i think i am a missing person , a spokeswoman for cleveland police , the local force investigating the case , told cnn .
kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide bomber walked on to a bus carrying officers to a police academy and detonated himself in kabul , killing at least police officers , police say .
the growth of more than trillion won in was the fastest pace since , when household debts jumped by . trillion won at the peak of the nation s credit card bubble .
the transformers co star tops fhm s annual sexiest women in the world poll of fhm readers .
we were very happy with them .
she also received more support than obama among white males , with percent voting for her .
the japanese club team has raced into the international spotlight after qualifying to play against the likes of cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney in thursday s fifa club world cup semifinal at yokohama s international stadium .
police say the toddler is ok .
but either way , gates told reporters in egypt that mideast allies should know the us will be open about its contacts with iran
three of these children died within a six week period in september and october of this year .
the snu panel received full authority from the university president to conduct the probe into hwang s research lab , the first time in the history of the university that a special panel has been appointed for such an investigation .
william s training attracted controversy when he landed chinook helicopter in a field on the property owned by his girlfriend kate middleton s family .
in recent months , militants have staged almost daily attacks on security forces in north waziristan since scrapping a peace agreement with the government .
on thursday night , the house of commons approved the nationalization legislation by a margin of votes .
sony reported a percent fall in annual operating profit on wednesday due to losses in its game unit and costs to recall pc batteries , but it forecast steep growth this year that beats market expectations .
prosecutors in a revived civil rights era case are trying to persuade a federal judge to allow a television interview that gilbert , who died in , gave in to be used as evidence in the trial of reputed klansman james ford seale .
the string bass player grooves like a white satchmo his bow sliding in and out between diners .
from the uh , pacific northwest into the northern rockies , northern plains with the great lakes in northeast , a white christmas looks like a very good bet now .
if you re using a canister vacuum , you have to take it out and then shake it into the trash , which puts all of that dust and that dander and that cat hair and everything else back up into the air .
two doctors were with the icrc team that picked up the four from san jose del guaviare .
it would probably have been easier to do a race without having omar s name , but then the race would just be a race , it wouldn t be a race for peace , zaina said .
russian president vladimir putin and u . s . president george w . bush failed to resolve their differences over u . s . plans for a missile defense system based in eastern europe but said they had agreed a strategic framework to guide future u . s . russian relations after bilateral talks sunday .
we re learning more of them this morning .
but percent said they d cast their vote for mccain instead .
the money from the sale of the bruni sarkozy photo will go to the swiss charity sodis , which provides clean drinking water to developing nations , christie s said .
the korea herald reports the number of new students enrolling at universities will be cut drastically by , by the end of under a tentative government plan unveiled yesterday .
the ap s janina versa says this doesn t indicate the economy is turning around
his top priority is spending time with his fiancee , jennifer meyer , and their month old daughter , ruby sweetheart . but work wise ?
many have waited years for it .
the number of striking workers was slightly fewer than in previous days .
perhaps the greatest milestone in the trial so far is that tom christerson , , has been living with his new heart he now spends his days visiting with friends and playing cards .
watch how the video may mark a historic shift in political ads
police said one of the three killed was a woman , but could not confirm the gender of the other fatalities .
we need to use force to change this regime , berezovsky , who has received asylum in britain , told the guardian newspaper .
the rodent jumped through a living room window in passau , on the austrian border , on tuesday and bit its first victim .
security officers were stationed outside elevator doors during saturday night s game between the phillies and pittsburgh pirates , said danny williams , spokesman for the fire department .
crichton also invited controversy with some of his scientific views .
two fires are burning in the area
while clinton s campaign is telling voters she has the track record to make good on her promises , the campaign for sen . barack obama of illinois is telling voters to hope for something different .
the year old tycoon , who voluntarily surrendered into custody sunday afternoon after dodging police twice , could face up to five years in prison or a maximum fine of million won , if he is convicted .
the advent of laptops , wi fi and blackberries means that high tech workers are no longer tethered to their desks , and the office of the future will be designed to let workers roam .
government officials have not said who they believe is responsible for saturday s attack , but they suspect al qaeda and taliban linked militants from pakistan s tribal region , who have carried out similar attacks in the past .
we want to see how the community responds to it , but we can see this being something that grows as we continue to grow and becomes a bigger and more exciting event in the future , byrne said .
london , england cnn two planes were involved monday night in a minor collision at heathrow airport , an official with the london fire brigade told cnn .
korea ranked third in the world for the nation s level of access to information technology it in , a government report showed yesterday .
something which hasn t happened for over a million years .
lee jay yong , who is , executive vice president of samsung electronics , is likely to be summoned for questioning if the prosecution discovers the source of the funds allegedly used to cbs in .
the massachusetts based group physicians for human rights reached that conclusion after carrying out two day clinical evaluations of former detainees who were never charged with crimes .
it says , the governor shall fill a vacancy , and i , as a former attorney general of my state , i have no knowledge where a secretary of state has veto power over a governor s carrying out his constitutional duties .
she said she believed the card had been found somewhere in illinois . that s all we know , she said .
further , the meat had to have taste and texture indistinguishable from real chicken flesh to non meat eaters and meat eaters alike .
some experts say the figures are grossly underestimated .
the actress has three other children , chris , izabella gabrielle and katya ariel .
more than , tags will hang on trees , indicating the trees were farmed by the coalition s standards .
we re definitely looking at dvd as an alternative to the cd roms that are being shipped today , says a product manager for apple .
one trader says perhaps if we hold here , it will mean that maybe we re getting close to a bottom .
the iranian parliament also decried the cia s and u . s . army s involvement in the bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki in world war ii , u . s . involvement in the balkans , vietnam and the u . s . support of israel .
all they want to see is a modern city , said lowe , whose walking tours take in singapore s historic quarters and craftsmen such as those who make wood carvings for the temples , or paper statues for traditional chinese funerals .
in a weekly cabinet meeting at chong wa dae , he told ministers responsible for the fta talks not to be bound by other factors such as its political implications and domestic protests as well as the time limit , and focus only on commercial interests .
an organizer of tuesday s protest , richard tsoi , said more than , people had turned out .
the m zab is listed by unesco as a world heritage site and lies on the edge of the sahara , the world s largest desert .
at this point , no one can ignore apple or what apple wants , given its position in the marketplace , said michael gartenberg , an analyst with jupiter research . the fact that they were able to do this deal with emi puts more pressure on some of the other labels to follow suit .
then williams lost sight of the couple as they turned into a hallway outside the cnn . com newsroom . slide show cnn . com newsroom evacuated
resistance was futile . it did go on an example not just of great marketing , but of the kind of movie theme song that no longer exists .
gillian gibbons , a year old teacher at the unity high school in khartoum , was arrested on sunday after complaints from parents that she had insulted islam s prophet by allowing the bear to be named mohammad .
there are all kinds of reports and there are all kinds of assessments that are going on .
this death comes amid growing concern in war torn iraq about the deteriorating infrastructure , and cholera is prevalent in areas where the water quality is poor .
now , yohanan , , a ph . d . candidate in the department of computer science at the university of british columbia in vancouver , has come up with a prototype for a robotic creature he ll use to figure out how humans use touch to communicate .
upon learning brianna morrison was carrying sextuplets , doctors advised the couple to opt for selective reduction , in which women carrying multiple fetuses reduce the number of viable fetuses to two .
on sunday , afghan television broadcast what it said was video of the woman , who identified herself as christina meier , calling for the release of unspecified prisoners while being prompted by a man .
gusmao , a highly respected former guerrilla leader , also assumed sole charge of coordination with the australian led peacekeeping force .
two passenger trains collided in eastern china s shandong province monday morning , killing at least and injuring , the xinhua said .
serena williams is seeded seventh while her sister venus could provide dangerous opposition for some of the current top players as early as the third round after being given the th seed slot , which is seven places above her current ranking in recognition of her past victories at wimbledon .
still , many japanese companies continue to invest in biotech , albeit more cautiously than ten years ago .
at her request , and in consultation with her family , she had stopped receiving nutrients through a feeding tube for the last few days , ross said .
more than . million fewer people were watching abc , cbs , nbc and fox than at the same time last year , statistics show .
we told them the strike is total and they have to comply , said peter akpatason , head of the nupeng oil union . asked if oil exports would be affected , he
household debt includes credit card use and all outstanding loans .
for his part , brinkley expressed deep concern over reported comments by pakistani religious affairs minister mohammad ejaz ul haq , suggesting that the award could justify suicide attacks .
tokyo , japan cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in japan on wednesday on a mission to smooth tensions created by rape allegations against two u . s . service members and to try to jump start stalled north korean nuclear talks .
in , bindeez was named australia s toy of the year .
spain s ministry of health did not immediately confirm the deaths .
john mccain and barack obama argued about the incumbent .
kim noted that the next steps included the north making a declaration of its nuclear program and disabling the facilities .
the korea times reports all eyes are focused on the possibility of an informal six party gathering in kuala lumpur this week as u . s .
iraq s future is in your hands , bush told the iraqi prime minister .
crichton was married five times and had one child .
john matteson won for biography for eden s outcasts
percent of republicans approve of bush s job performance , while just percent of democrats do .
cadillac records , the story of a rowdy musical revolution and the record label that helped to launch it , begins in , when muddy waters jeffrey wright is a sharecropper playing slide guitar under the blazing hot mississippi sun .
premier elect silvio berlusconi is not ruling out a possible tie up between struggling alitalia and air france klm , italian news agencies reported wednesday .
it was as if there was no remorse , no empathy for his daughter , for his grandchildren , for his wife . that s what s chilling .
aiko is what happens when science meets beauty , he said .
castro has not appeared in public since emergency surgery forced him to hand over power months ago to his brother raul castro .
the chinese government views development and urbanization as the key to alleviating this gap .
osama bin laden is believed to be hiding in the pakistan afghan border region .
still , in his prime time news conference , obama said without big ticket overhauls of health care , energy , and education , any recovery could stall .
the korea herald reports police have arrested eight present and former professional baseball players , two former college stars and two brokers on charges of dodging mandatory military service by faking tests to pretend they had critical kidney ailments .
but chen didn t identify the women in the photos , which appear to show chen and several female stars including singer gillian chung and actress cecilia cheung either performing sex acts or in sexually suggestive poses .
but unlike most touchscreens , surface can respond to more than one touch at a time .
there are several other nations on the rise that have the potential to become consistent global powers in the game .
its dining rooms overlook a serene garden of bonsai trees and the food is immaculate .
taipei ap pipi s eyes bulge fiercely when strangers approach the chihuahua dog in the cramped clothing store where her owner works .
rising to a height of meters and stretching across meters , visitors can walk between of kew s mature broad leafed trees .
manufacturing contracted in april .
zaituun soldiers decides to withdraw voluntary applications for deployment .
bjork performed in two tibetan freedom concerts in the united states in the s .
some countries reporting a drop in supply , like romania and italy , import most of their natural gas from countries besides russia .
that s where general motors has its headquarters in detroit .
findings from that research is expected in about months .
he claimed that in his last few months as prime minister
even as a youngster , jack understood that if people remembered him , they would remember his whiskey .
the three day meeting convenes against the backdrop of clashes in the antarctic between japanese whaling ships and conservation groups .
the bbc is quoting pakistan s president pervez musharraf as saying uk investigators are to assist in the inquiry into the assassination of opposition leader benazir bhutto .
i was interested in doing the music that i loved and hoped that there would be enough people out there to buy the records to keep me alive and do it with quality .
it rapidly lost strength as it traversed the peninsula and weakened to a category storm , but could still re strengthen , the national hurricane center warned .
the insurgents , however , threatened that their lives would be in danger if the afghan and multinational forces launch a military operation to rescue them .
in , the zoo began preserving cells and genetic material from hundreds of animals in a program it dubbed the frozen zoo .
wilson was at cedars sinai medical center in los angeles , said hospital spokeswoman cynthia harding .
the incident triggered a miles long traffic jam as police and ambulances scrambled to reach the scene .
police were interviewing museum employees in connection with the crime , but moura said all of the guards were longtime employees , none with less than years on the job .
after the world cup , verbeek joined hiddink in the netherlands with psv eindhoven , coaching its second squad .
the benchmark nikkei stock index lost . points , or . percent , to , . in early trade monday .
kim young oak , recipient of military medals and the first asian american officer to command an american infantry battalion in combat .
the korea society is a leading organization devoted to promoting south korea u . s . relations .
gore refused to endorse any candidate , saying that the election is days away .
the private sector can t do it .
but beckham said he did not see the children waiting outside his hotel as he arrived from the airport under police escort .
michael mcclinton is key to two parts of the prosecution case
the current politics do not give any hope to people .
south korea also has about peacekeeping troops in the country , which seoul had already been planning to withdraw by the end of the year .
dozens were killed in when militants bombed two synagogues , the british consulate and a bank in istanbul , the country s largest city .
un inspectors have verified the shutdown of north korea s main nuclear reactor , the head of the international atomic energy agency has confirmed .
china airlines has a troubled safety record with four deadly accidents in the past years , including a crash in the japanese city of nagoya in in which people were killed .
but most hair is sold for about to , says marlys fladeland of hairwork . com .
during the early s then prime minister rob muldoon and indian prime minister indira gandhi had such a bad that new zealand closed its mission in new delhi .
most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand s state run thai news agency tna .
gen . david petraeus said the move could be announced around the time of his next scheduled report to congress on the progress of the war , in april .
after days of singular responses , officials the world over were scrambling to get out ahead of growing expectations for more aggressive and coordinated action to prop up banks .
a muslim american saved us when our own people were on the train and didn t do anything , adler said .
the recent rise in tensions between turkey and the united states has led the military to increase its planning for alternatives , two military officials with direct knowledge of the ongoing assessment said .
the police raided this house and arrested him . during the primary investigation , he confessed that he is abu hamza al muhajir , the leader of al qaeda in iraq .
the city s official count of homeless people in seoul rose to in october , the highest number recorded since the asian financial crisis .
as the name implies , it s already become immune to vancomycin and every other antibiotic .
other aims of uniting the hamas and fatah factions are quelling a bloody feud between the two groups and ending a western boycott of the palestinian territories that has crippled the hamas led government since it toppled the moderate fatah party in january .
hamas prime minister ismail haniya delivered a defiant speech monday , promising that the current conflict with israel will deliver a new future to the people of gaza .
but the growing international presence in plants , real estate , stocks and bonds and in american branches of foreign owned banks troubles many business and trade experts .
yet archeological evidence has shown that an agriculture based civilization began about , years ago .
he also initiated the youth games with the inaugural edition set for singapore in .
the anti piracy organization blamed the web sites in question for infringing upon film producers rights by unlawfully distributing movie content in cyberspace .
although roh and his entourage will travel by car from seoul to pyong yang , the two koreas have reached an agreement that roh will get out of his vehicle and walk a few hundred meters across the military demarcation line .
the unmanned delta ii rocket carrying the phoenix mars lander rose from its seaside pad at a . m . , exactly on time , and hurtled through the clear moonlit sky .
north korea agreed last year to abandon its nuclear activities in return for aid .
users can send messages to one another and , in many cases , browse other profiles .
space travel , security threats and increasing passenger numbers are forcing major changes in the way airports are designed .
it had only become apparent in the last two weeks that the target of the flights was the us , chertoff said .
the flame goes tuesday to almaty , kazakhstan at the start of the country , , kilometer , mile global journey with protests expected in several major cities .
meanwhile , estimates of the iraqi death toll range from about , to the hundreds of thousands , with another million forced to leave the country and . million people displaced within iraq , according to the u . n . high commissioner for refugees .
the death toll was expected to rise overnight .
young people in south korea s workforce are more likely to have achieved an upper secondary education than anywhere else in the developed world .
in a laughable decision , us magazine giant time has been ordered to pay m in damages to the former indonesian president suharto .
but it depends how fifa interpret it and how uefa act in terms of the information they get .
migwi , who spoke to cnn at a township in nairobi that houses a slum , said he had not noticed any dead bodies . but , he added , they will die later from the injuries .
clearly the events of the s made our relationship more complicated , he said , adding
police also raised the number of missing to , after family members of six people said they have not been back home since the quake friday morning .
her workday begins at a . m . at her home office , chats with her asian clients , and settles down to four hours of trading .
big companies and budget companies routinely book hotels that are far from the center .
oil refineries and gas stations are enjoying increasing sales margin .
before the big name voice actors go into the recording studio , he explained , animators do a kind of rough draft of the film , with temporary voice tracks provided by volunteers within the animation division .
but his office said the decision was unrelated to those demands and was not a gesture of protest .
but delbeke was skeptical .
a fire last night destroyed row homes , and may be connected to the other arsons in the town .
a us military spokesman in iraq major general william caldwell said it was premature to conclude that the threat posed to aircraft by insurgents had dramatically increased .
several lawmakers walked out in protest , accusing yoo of defaming the assembly and mistaking reform for breaking the old , respected practice .
yemen s ambassador to the united states , abdulwahab abdulla al hajjri , said the attack was a private dispute .
president bush said he had until now refrained from intervening in the case , waiting instead for the appeals process to take its course .
noriega s attorneys have said they would immediately appeal a negative ruling to a federal appeals court in atlanta , georgia .
about east timorese soldiers were dismissed in march after they went on strike against alleged discrimination in the military .
if it continues , we ll lose them in years .
the ministry of government administration and home affairs announced plans to improve public services for foreign residents to help them better adjust to korean society .
so this is a nice departure from the usual .
vasana puemlarp said a boycott by opposition parties may mean not enough mps are returned to convene the body .
we have to write our history books new , because what we thought was that the activities of the romans ended at nine or years after christ , said lutz stratmann , science minister for the german state of lower saxony . now we know that it must be or after that .
which contains movies stored as digital information .
beijing , china cnn food prices are set to rise around the globe after years of decline , with climate change making it harder for the world s poorest to get adequate food , according to a report released tuesday .
obama , an illinois senator aiming to be the first black president , looked for a new hampshire win that would solidify his hold on the top spot in the campaign to be the democratic candidate in november and deal a second consecutive humiliating loss to clinton , the former front runner .
park also said that the heads of the central banks of korea , china and japan will meet in seoul next month , primarily to discuss foreign exchange issues .
the number of korean students studying in the united states neared , in , a . percent increase from the previous year , according to a recent report released by the u . s . immigration office .
former korean presidents kim dae jung and kim young sam will greet him there , but no other political events are planned , according to dulpure .
why can t we solve the problem of who gets scarce organs instead of creating more angst amongst ourselves ?
bmw s head of personnel , ernst baumann , said last month that , jobs would be cut by the end of the year .
she tells abc s good morning america , things will be different this time , because as she puts it , we ll have a president who will enforce the law .
three vehicles and concrete blast barriers were destroyed , the official said .
singapore s governing party faces a fight for power for the first time in years .
solar array energy on opportunity dropped from watt hours to watt hours as dust levels increased over the past week . the rover scaled back operations on june to conserve energy .
sporadic showers of rain across the country were no relief in the unusually high late august temperatures .
last week , richie , , was sentenced to nearly four days in jail after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge of driving under the influence of drugs .
the epicenter was about miles kilometers west of basco , the capital of the batan islands in the philippines and about miles kilometers south of taipei , taiwan .
the korea herald reports once the six party talks resume , the negotiators will start to discuss the next step of getting north korea to declare and freeze all of its nuclear facilities .
christopher hill , the senior u . s . envoy to the six party denuclearization talks , said friday that he would be agreeable to extended face to face sessions with north koreans .
gore told nrk he wanted to focus on his climate change campaign , which won him a nobel peace prize last week .
it is unlikely , the report says , that european governments were unaware of rendition activities on their territory , something the british government , among others , has denied .
obama leads mccain by percentage points in pennsylvania , percent to percent , according to cnn s latest average of state polls .
communist authorities have turned an ancient confucian temple , songkyunkwan , into a museum and planned to open its oldest neighborhoods to southern tourists .
some republicans see a crist senate bid as a boost to the party s chance of a vote to keep that seat from going to a democrat .
green buses will travel shorter distances than blue ones and will be used to connect to blue buses and subway stations .
live to the pentagon , an ap national security correspondent sagar meghani
the venue for the downhill skiing and snowboarding events in the winter olympics plus the nordic events nearby has become a haven for those who want luxury near their lift lines .
i ll be sending my bill in the mail for trash disposal , clayton anderson joked to mission control .
eleven million first time shoppers spent money online this holiday season .
we were percent sure that the baby was going to die if we didn t take it away from her , nuremberg zoo director dag encke told time magazine . this would have been a death verdict for the cub .
musharraf imposed a state of emergency and suspended constitutional rule on november , .
roh made the remarks in response to bush s praise for the korean troops humanitarian and reconstruction operations in the middle eastern country .
called and winter came , the release has reached the top on album charts across europe and in the u . s . since its november release .
atlantis commander rick sturckow eased the shuttle into the space station s docking port .
the protesters , angry about the exclusion of a candidate from a governorship election , had traveled to the airport to try and stop electoral officials from leaving .
it has different names in different countries ip tv in the united states , adsl tv in europe and broadband broadcasting in japan .
he says would shuffle rather than create wealth .
fisher price and the commission issued statements saying parents should keep suspect toys away from children and contact the company .
but mcfarren said she moved around in the bathroom during that time , bathed and changed into the clothes he brought her .
he went on to say that the agency s meddling in the presidential election cannot be justified under any circumstances .
mexico is telling businesses to shut down until next week
they have since fallen slightly but remain at near record levels .
european commission president josi manuel barroso welcomed the extension of the schengen zone , which will make it possible to travel , miles from estonia to portugal without having to show a passport .
sydney , australia cnn officials conceded tuesday that australia s welfare system failed a girl who was removed from a remote aboriginal community after being sexually abused at age , then gang raped at age when she was returned to live in the town .
more profoundly , in an age where skinny models and skeletal actresses are under scrutiny for the message they re sending young girls , what does it say that we re excoriating a young woman for a little thickness in her middle ?
robben island museum interim chief executive seeland naidoo says there is no alternative but to implement a humane culling program in conjunction with local animal welfare groups .
they dropped me off in the street and i thought they had already left , and i went back to where they had taken it , he said .
ruud van nistelrooy scored two late goals as spanish champions real madrid defeated bottom side levante on sunday to re establish their seven point lead over barcelona at the top of the primera liga table .
the second brigade has lost men in iraq .
in the scorched earth attacks , poisonous gas and chemicals were used against the kurds .
the best of kosovo is just a two hour drive to the west , where the settlement of pec known to albanians as peja
nasa normally tries to avoid adding to the orbiting junkyard , but officials felt they had no choice in this case .
the pakistan interior ministry say the former leader died when she hit her head on the lever of her car s sunroof after ducking for cover after a suicide bomb attack on her convoy .
political communications expert jeremy grace of rice university was watching the town hall event in nashville .
the comment reflects irritation in flanders home to percent of the . million belgians that hidebound economic conservatives in wallonia resist labor and other reforms that are commonplace in europe .
cnn at least people were killed thursday after a plane crashed in a poor , crowded suburb of kinshasa right after takeoff , according to a congolese ministry of information official .
this might not solve the problems with the u . s . politically but it will be in their hearts as something to remember , said assistant concert master kim .
it is about miles north of baghdad in salaheddin province , near the city of tuz khurmatu .
north korean officials on april telephoned south korean officers at the border village of panmunjom to propose cabinet level talks on april in pyongyang .
india s constitution outlaws caste based discrimination , and barriers have broken down in large cities .
it s unclear whether the hamas attack marks the end of a partial cease fire between militants operating in gaza and the israeli military that began in november .
several states attorneys general said in a statement that the huge social networking web site has agreed to add several protections and participate in a working group to develop new technologies , including a way to verify the ages of users .
unions also condemned the acts of vandalism committed by cowards .
the candidates spent nearly half of the debate , hosted by abc news , tilting over flare ups that have been fodder for journalists , partisans and pundits for the past few weeks .
he lectured regularly , exhorting audiences to think for themselves and delighting in barbed commentary against the institutions he felt were dehumanizing people .
when work on the island began , a team of dutch engineers were employed to create the palm by using a technique called rainbowing
in such cases , the other person should be able to pick up on the cues .
shopping
fossett was reportedly last seen taking off from the private airfield at the flying m ranch near yerington , nevada , on monday evening .
the university of free state thursday identified malherbe and van der merwe as two of the men in the video and said they are current students , according to a statement on the university web site . wednesday , the university said they had been banned from campus .
several special vessels have been battling a limited oil spill for days but fears of a much bigger spill grow as about tons of fuel oil remain inside the ship .
the report documented the killing of people in yangon , but human rights watch believes that the death toll there was much higher , and that hundreds remain in detention , the group said in a statement .
lynch , , was seized march along with other soldiers when their supply convoy took a wrong turn as it passed the southern iraqi town of nasiriyah .
as a second , commuting only car , it s wonderful , but those with room for only one vehicle in the garage may want to consider a larger subcompact or compact car , the edmunds . com review said .
the international cycling union uci has approved lance armstrong s participation in the forthcoming tour down under in australia , to be held on january , the first event of the uci protour , said a uci statement .
the korea times reported dawson plans to establish a foundation to help adoptees and orphans in korea .
a few tables , couches and plastic chairs .
it s not a situation you want , but we got back in there and you could feel the energy .
police said the kidnappers will not be held or charged for their actions , and were set free after giving up their weapons .
the setting s main attraction is the panoramic view of paris .
seven people were also injured .
spears drives off .
that s raffi , of course , now the federal government has declared the beluga whale , an alaska s cook inlet endangered , saying it will require additional protection to survive .
but the group said that women had a right to choose , particularly in cases of rape or incest .
we re very nervous about the potential risk . once it gets turned off , it could be very interesting , he added .
he said he accepted his share of responsibility for the defeat .
mccain spokesman tucker bounds said it s a double standard . the arbiters of this election are not demanding the same level of disclosure about sen . obama .
hamas leader ismail haniyeh denounced the annapolis summit in a televised address tuesday .
the crown prosecution service said campbell faced five charges three counts of assaulting a constable , one count of disorderly conduct and one count of using threatening , abusive words or behavior to the crew of the airplane .
unicef spokesman patrick mccormick said the study had been unable to draw conclusions on a range of factors , such as how much was spent on education .
the u . s . navy in late october came to the aid of the vessel , with the guided missile destroyer uss porter at one point opening fire to destroy pirate skiffs tied to it .
but the dalai lama said he feared communist china would try to influence this process .
the israel defense forces had no immediate comment .
he said he met al qaeda leader osama bin laden in afghanistan during the fight against soviet occupation when bin laden was a field commander and he was an ordinary soldier .
a third of clinton voters said they would pick mccain over obama , while percent said they would not vote at all .
karzai says he will accept the position if it is offered .
these muscles are bulkier and stronger but tire quickly .
nairobi , kenya cnn gangs of young men armed with machetes are roaming the streets in kenya as post election violence threatens to engulf the country .
she has to raise doubts about obama and get democrats to rethink whether they really want to rally behind him , cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said .
in the week after fall back , the number of heart attacks was about the same , except on monday , which had a percent decrease .
aragoncillo could have been sentenced to up to years for participation in a conspiracy to transmit national defense information , prosecutors said .
the deputy premiers of the two koreas on tuesday began three day talks here aimed at consolidating and expanding the details of economic cooperation projects at the second ever inter korean summit in october seven north korean delegates , including deputy prime minister jong sung hun , held a plenary session with their south korean counterparts led by vice premier kwon o kyu at a seoul hotel , said kim man sik , spokesman for the south s unification ministry .
lg electronics , south korea s largest home appliance maker , said some shipments have been disrupted by the strike .
recent rains have saturated the ground around mayon volcano in bicol , and the president was worried there could be a repeat of last year s landslides and flash floods that killed more than , people , said anthony golez , deputy director of the office of civil defense .
sentencing was adjourned .
in a what thought to be a largely theatrical move , outgoing japanese prime minister shinzo abe has been admitted to hospital , a day after announcing his resignation .
hoy , from edinburgh , became the first british athlete to win three golds at a single olympics in beijing the summer .
they are expected to hand over a declaration on the plutonium activities to chinese officials around midday local time overnight et thursday .
the philippine authorities have been trying to flush abu sayyaf rebels from hideouts in remote island locations .
the two countries must reach a final consensus over the next days as the march deadline looms .
a series of attacks have been launched against iraqi security forces in baghdad in northern iraq , killing at least people .
meanwhile , writers returned to the picket lines after their strike forced at least eight prime time shows , including the popular nbc sitcom the office , to halt production .
top seed andy roddick blasted aces to defeat tomas zib and storm into the third round of the , washington classic on tuesday .
louis dreyfus has moved all but of production from germany to asia .
khristine eroshevich face charges they conspired with another physician to provide prescription drugs to smith , who died of an accidental overdose in .
all this on the day the new york times reports the treasury department is putting together its chapter deal for chrysler that would let the automaker stay in business and reorganize under bankruptcy protection .
china is still among the world s human rights abusers despite rapid economic growth that has transformed large parts of chinese society , the state department said in an annual accounting of human rights practices around the world .
beijing blames the dalai lama and his followers for violence that erupted amid protests for tibetan independence last month .
with the warrant denied , the prosecution has no legal ground to keep her in custody .
this might be a good time to get that passport for your vacation .
paris , france cnn striking french rail workers overwhelmingly were voting thursday to return to work after a transport crippling , nine day walkout to protest president nicolas sarkozy s retirement reforms , initial figures indicated .
a demographic that is key to winning several swing states .
the yemeni coast guard rescued of the yemeni military personnel who were on the island when the volcano erupted , but they requested help from a nearby six ship nato task force en route to the suez canal , according to ken allan of the canadian navy s hmcs toronto .
but his testimony was a riveting account that brought home the brutality of the civil war and gave a voice to the tens of thousands of victims who suffered through the year conflict .
untreated , melanoma can spread quickly into the body from the skin .
the new policy came as the government has long come under criticism for failing to provide higher level education to talented students under the current system , which focuses on standardized education and equal opportunities .
based on all of the genomic information we have available today , it appears these sequences are closer to birds or chickens than anything else , asara said .
moving beyond the traditional female arena of romantic comedies , these new films range from kasi lemmons critical smash talk to me , starring don cheadle as a sharp tongued disc jockey , to the upcoming romance from hell days in paris , the culmination of actress julie delpy s year battle to reach the director s chair .
i twisted his arm and hit him on the face with my elbow .
donny george , the director of antiquities at iraq s national museum , told cnn on tuesday that u . s . laxity allowed looters to come back again and again .
at the pentagon , spokesman bryan whitman reiterated wednesday that the missiles are not aimed at russia and are designed as a defensive shield for u . s . allies in europe .
every day , she heads far from her home , trekking up and down steep hills to the wealthier parts of the afghan capital , where she can but hope richer people will take pity on her .
this is a shocking and deplorable video that is contrary to the high standards that we set for every marine , marine corps spokesman maj . chris perrine said at a news conference monday night .
oil and gold prices plunged .
the shooting happened near a middle school , but not on school grounds .
china reduced the number of executions it carried out last year but still executed more people than any other country in the world , amnesty international said tuesday in its annual report on the death penalty worldwide .
there also are technical reasons that this apparent diminished interest in television may be overstated .
more than people were recently freed after they were found to have been working in appalling conditions at illegal brick factories in the north of the country .
the talks continued saturday .
considering that is an election year
by early monday evening the centre of the storm had passed and was heading north west , past the eastern tip of cuba towards the bahamas .
the report did not say if there were any plans to try and locate the dolphin again , or try and protect it from the river hazards ranging from pollution and aggressive fishing to heavy shipping traffic that originally decimated the species .
but at the rate nasa recruits astronauts , these kids would have a greater chance becoming nba players than going to space . we want to turn that around . we want them to go to space , said wright , who is also chairman of the united states rocket academy .
even though nabi is unlikely to hit the peninsula directly and has weakened somewhat , the kma forecast it will bring up to mm of rain and strong winds in the southern parts of korea today .
the alliance for climate protection s campaign , dubbed we , will combine advertising , online organizing and partnerships with grassroots groups to educate the public about global warming and urge solutions from elected officials .
i hope to one day be as classic as he is , she told cnn .
australia has rejected criticism from delegates at a pacific island summit in fiji that it is acting like original bully .
shocked italians closed ranks as their prime minister insisted he would not withdraw italian troops from iraq after the slaying of fabrizio quattrocchi .
within that time , more talks are planned on ending the hostilities between north korea and the u . s . and japan .
two other israeli soldiers were killed in the raid .
images from the book echo classic nazi canards , rabbi abraham cooper of the los angeles based simon wiesenthal center said in a statement earlier this month .
, will you sign this ?
the city is working hard to clean up its act , and tucked among the tenements are some of southeastern europe s most lively cafes and bars .
last year , singh attempted to run a kilometer mile marathon , but doctors stopped him after kilometers miles when he showed signs of extreme exhaustion .
but i am still tired . maurice greene is one of my idols and i am proud to do the double like him .
a key goal is to get aid dollars flowing again from the united states and the european union .
thousands of tourists , many from britain , visit the battlefields every year .
and though our nation has sometimes halted , and sometimes delayed , we must follow no other course .
last week saw the killing of the leader of al qaeda in iraq , abu musab al zarqawi , and the appointment of ministers in the iraqi government for defense , security and the interior .
i hope we re going to launch a serious process of negotiations between us and the palestinians , said olmert . this will be a bilateral process but the international support is very important .
getting this project and making it happen and understanding who these characters were on the inside of it was pretty easy for us , because we re both guys of a certain age who understand the creaks and aches .
these days america s perceived rival in asia is china , not tokyo .
the operation was launched with intelligence gleaned from the interrogations of suspects arrested in the unsuccessful february strike on an oil processing facility in the desert kingdom , an official told cnn .
still experimental but expected to win approval from the u . s .
the american people , as opposed to some of their leaders , seek no converts to their ideology .
those polls have consistently shown me much further behind than we actually are .
actress sandra bullock on friday won a three year restraining order against a woman she said had tossed animal fur over her gate , left woven palm fronds in her yard and tried to run down her husband .
the us justice department has released the first video of the plane crashing into the pentagon on september .
after consultation with the information communication ethics committee we closed five communities , which claimed japan s sovereignty over tokto , a daum spokesperson said .
we saw the plane go straight down the runway .
the animals escaped from a small petting zoo in the east of the capital and appeared shortly before a . m . gmt at a busy roundabout a few hundred meters yards away , police said .
french commuters faced a sixth day of travel headaches monday as transit unions continued a strike which was costing the national rail authority an estimated million euros million a day .
the ap s rita foley in washington says barack obama is about to unveil it
on thursday , a grand jury handed up a manslaughter indictment against the wife , not the husband .
it did not give details . the statement said the spending would focus on areas .
this year , the ministry plans to arrange showings of a doraemon film in singapore , china , spain , france , and at other japanese diplomatic missions around the world .
quoting a ministry spokesman on saturday , north korea s state run korean central news agency said , bush is a hooligan bereft of any personality as a human being .
leandro aragoncillo , , a former u . s . marine and philippine native who worked as a military aide to vice presidents al gore and dick cheney before joining the fbi as a civilian employee , pleaded guilty to four charges of espionage in may .
just don t forget to buy zink paper , which doesn t come cheap at almost cents a sheet .
the books have sold a combined . million copies and were both made into movies .
while collecting opinions from the ambassadors , minister ban is expected to explain seoul s plans to dispatch rehabilitation forces to iraq and strengthen ties with the middle eastern and african nations .
neither side had many chances in a scrappy first minutes in which the biggest threats came from the free kicks of real winger wes sneijder .
the tape is subtitled in english , and an arabic transcript was released .
maradona and bilardo would not confirm they accepted the positions after leaving the meeting with grandona .
this is kind of a new thing for us , civil air patrol maj . cynthia ryan said monday , adding that every google generated tip is reviewed and the best ones passed on to pilots .
israel and the palestinians are in peace talks that include the future of jewish settlements and east jerusalem .
the glacier calved split off and a big wave washed over the boat , elisabeth bjoerge loevold , acting governor of svalbard , told reuters . the boat rocked back and forth and passengers fell on the deck .
disney , for example , has spent an estimated million over eight years on its indiana jones adventure .
tuesday s weak u . s . retail sales report the latest in a string of sluggish economic data revived fears about the economy slowing abruptly , and possibly falling into recession , barry hyman , equity strategist at ekn financial services , told cnnmoney .
even the most generous population estimate in put the number of people in the city that year at , .
the spokesman said an investigation by the british parliament s intelligence and security committee isc published last year found there was no evidence that intelligence passed on by the saudis could have prevented the bombings .
many countries , like the united states , bar imports of products made by prisoners .
maria sharapova ran her record to and gained the women s semifinals on wednesday with a , victory over defending champion daniela hantuchova .
so then we had to back down the streets , so as we were backin out , ambers were flyin all over and catchin the fields here on fire , so we d get out of our cars and put that out .
the organization will promote medical services available at member hospitals and provide information on reservations , transportation and translation services .
the kcci survey showed the textile sector will see export and output decline by . percent and . percent , respectively , in the second half , while steelmakers will also suffer a decline of . percent in exports during the same period .
iraqi officials , who claim the shootings were unprovoked , dispute blackwater s claim that the guards were responding to an attack and said on saturday they had a videotape showing the blackwater guards opened fire without provocation .
thaksin , who is now banned from thai politics , has since lived in self imposed exile abroad , mainly in britain .
according to the decree , the excommunications would take place with immediate effect .
apple fans relieved about jobs health news
other countries also took fresh action sunday to support their economies .
auto analyst jim henry tells the ap the company s future looks murky to him
the year old aid worker was freed during a raid in the western part of the capital not far from the restaurant where she was seized saturday while dining with her husband , zemary bashari said .
critics reportedly wonder whether the park deliberately delayed the upgrading to avoid disruption during the high demand , winter vacation season .
crist said he joins floridians in prayer and grief for the families of those killed .
the bbc is quoting taliban militants as saying they have agreed to free south koreans held hostage for more than a month in afghanistan .
that , as firefighters start to get the upper hand on wildfires there .
but i said , i am with god and this is my goal , regardless of the results .
for that , it is necessary that germany , which today holds the eu presidency , and france , which has always been its privileged partner in europe , see eye to eye on this .
interior ministry spokesman zemeri bashary blamed the attack , according to ap , on the enemy of afghanistan , the enemy of the people of afghanistan , a term often used to refer to taliban militants .
the show drew . million viewers sunday , up percent over last year s vmas .
sen . barack obama led with about percent of state delegates in the caucuses , compared to about percent for sen . hillary clinton , with about percent of the state reporting by thursday morning .
korea s joint chiefs of staff and other government agencies sent a five member fact finding team , including two forensic experts , to nepal to assist in investigating the accident and to bring back the body .
cnn united nations envoy ibrahim gambari met sunday with myanmar s detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi in an effort to quell recent tensions between the country s military leaders and protesters , the u . n . confirmed in a news release .
a spokeswoman for the competition acknowledges there was some consternation among the judges when they realized cholla was of the equine species .
but the governor said its photo would be posted in all local media for the family to recognize it .
since the s hardly any new development has taken place .
that would bring the total number of forces being added in iraq to between , and , troops , the report said .
south korea established its first ever permanent joint governmental office for economic cooperation in the north s border town of gaeseong .
the bubble was not an e commerce phenomenon .
an airport worker told the bbc the boeing pilot , named later as year old peter burkill , said he had lost all power and had to glide the plane in to land .
a typically minute drive took an hour .
the agency says in the past , it has not been easy to provide food to north koreans because of shortages of funds .
the taj mahal hotel in mumbai , india , had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before a hour rampage began wednesday , leaving at least people dead , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said saturday .
she made clear that in those moments . . . she heard meredith scream so much that she , being scared , covered her ears .
a smattering of small parties won seats , and other seats for women and for minorities are to be assigned according to the percentages each party gained in the election .
thick plumes of smoke are choking the sky over the camp as soldiers attack the militants with tanks and artillery .
the afghan government and south korean diplomats on one side and taliban rebels on the other have continually snagged over the rebel demand for kabul to swap jailed insurgents for the koreans .
the official said turkey believes the iraqi delegation talked about the issue with a view to the long term and did not come up with concrete proposals .
retailers are offering bigger than usual discounts on their door buster specials .
according to the embassy statement and a senior u . s . military official , several small boats approached the global patriot , a cargo vessel contracted by the u . s . navy s military sealift command .
the growing crisis in israel and lebanon is also expected to be high on the agenda at the asean talks .
one of the men lying on the ground and another man came up with a pole , and started smashing it into his head .
the rays now host the world series opener against the philadelphia phillies wednesday night .
the olympics must be held in an atmosphere of true brotherhood , eu justice and home affairs commissioner franco frattini told italy s ansa news agency . otherwise this feast of sport would be seriously at risk .
hours after he was fired by cbs , radio host don imus met thursday night with the rutgers women athletes whom he had ridiculed with racist and sexist comments .
an autopsy will be performed on the child s body to determined how she died , police said .
the issue of whether to allow north korea to develop a civilian nuclear power program is not likely to be an obstacle that would derail the six party talks on the north s nuclear arms program , the top u . s . envoy to the talks said in washington .
jupiter doesn t stay the same color all the time . we are just lucky it is going through what we call a global upheaval , meaning the belts and bands are changing color at the same time .
the celebrity supercouple are in cannes to promote the michael winterbottom directed a mighty heart , in which jolie plays mariane pearl , widow of slain wall street journal reporter daniel pearl .
they were apparently responding to cries of distress from an injured whale and were in danger of becoming stuck too , brennan said .
warner home video , a unit of time warner , is especially keen on the technology
among them , clinton won percent .
according to reports and lawmakers , a total of students were sent home from the annual college scholastic ability test on wednesday last week after they were found carrying their cell phones and other banned items such as a mp player .
these time costs increased with the complexity of the chores
the list includes figures who were top aides for former presidents roh moo hyun and kim dae jung .
in , he was photographed wearing a nazi uniform to a party .
an earlier study of mice exposed to mobile phone radiation conducted by the institute in the mid s found a two fold increase in lymphoma in genetically modified mice .
upon news of her death , texas gov . rick perry ordered flags in the state to be flown at half staff .
pakistani president pervez musharraf has vowed to fight militancy and religious extremism , going after taliban and al qaeda within the country .
she previously was hospitalized for two days in february following a fall at her home in suburban los angeles .
xinhua said firefighters and fire engines were trying to contain the fire .
and cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said the poll strongly suggests an obama surge in new hampshire .
but the globes have not correctly forecast an oscar best picture winner in four years , the last one being the lord of the rings
activists outside torched the flag of the chinese communist party , demanding an end to its monopoly on power in the mainland and scuffling with police .
policing million de mining million and road construction . million .
crusading against these bans is ctrl . alt . shift , a uk based organization that attempts to engage youth to combat global and social injustices .
kate and gerry mccann have been seeking legal advice from top lawyers since they were made arguidos or formal suspects over the disappearance of their daughter .
gibbons left the northwestern english city of liverpool for sudan in july , pa said .
we re sure that most of you have heard by now that one of the background music tracks that was licensed from a record label for use in the game contains two expressions that can be found in the quran , a statement on the game s web site said .
that makes him inches taller than the nba s current tallest player , yao ming , but too short to be the world s tallest living man .
sleep inducing goodies to pack in the carry on bag include ear plugs , comfy socks , and noise canceling ear phones .
death to those who have abducted the south koreans , the crowd shouted .
china , already the world s largest producer and consumer of coal , is expected to surpass the united states as the world s largest greenhouse gas emitter in the next decade .
the security alert rose from level , which had been in effect since the start of the train bombings trial last year , to level the maximum alert , the interior ministry said .
read said the balloonist , who was heading for portland , oregon , is equipped with provisions and a survival suit .
he resigned and the gnp will take stiffer measures against violators of the election law , cho told reporters .
the father is year old model gabriel aubry . the two met while shooting a versace ad in los angeles two years ago .
but they need to know what this has produced .
is to exist and flourish in the future , this is not a tenable position , fox told lawmakers during the session .
passengers , two pilots , four flight attendants and five crew members who were being repositioned when it started the day in san salvador .
we want the designers to offer some clothes that are a little bit more robust , she also told cnn , and we certainly don t want people under the age of to be modeling .
the board has the power to dismiss him or could choose to report a lack of confidence in his leadership .
mosul is about miles km north of baghdad .
but he said they have been unable to identify any of the babies .
israel agreed monday to relax a blockade of gaza after fuel shortages left residents struggling with severe power cuts amid concerns from aid agencies of a humanitarian crisis .
the cricketing world is reeling from the sudden death of pakistan coach bob woolmer during the opening stages of the sport s world cup in the caribbean .
the idea is to get banks to trust each other again so they ll start lending to each other , and then to people in businesses who need cash .
its moviepoint kiosk allows customers to download dvd quality films in about seconds onto its moviekey , a usb memory device that costs between and , depending on the storage capacity from to movies .
ship departures were delayed by hours , while commuters struggled to get to work in their own cars as local transportation was idled for eight hours starting at different times in cities across italy .
after all , few people will see much the city has to offer in the daylight .
the bush regime showed strong commitment to maximize its interest in its negotiations with south korea for free trade agreements fta , although it wants to complete negotiations by the end of the year , said a visiting u . s . trade official tuesday .
investigators started looking into samsung in january after a former company lawyer alleged the company created slush funds worth million .
beijing , china cnn china s legislature , the national people s congress , kicks off its annual two week session wednesday .
the executive committee of european soccer s governing body also discussed the future format of the champions league and uefa cup from to .
to take effect , the reforms must be approved by voters in a december referendum .
in the same letter , taylor also dismissed defense attorney karim ahmad khan from the case and asked to represent himself .
i started watching his work when i was years old , said dicaprio , who has starred in scorsese s last three films and introduced the director to the guild audience earlier in the evening .
new jobless claims rose more than expected last week , to , .
russia and any country that aspires to the pathway to democracy can only benefit from free , open and peaceful airing of views regardless of whether they are supportive . . . or whether it s critical of the government and its policies , mccormack said .
experts say the bottom line is that parents should get more involved in the online lives of their children .
the mccanns reported that madeleine had gone missing days before her th birthday on may from their holiday apartment in praia da luz in southern portugal .
you can also boost your omega levels by switching from corn and soybean oil to canola oil .
the remark also cast doubt on a japanese government apology to the sex slaves .
on thursday , the board of the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers icann will vote on two key proposals .
there will also be cross checks with more than , pieces of information relating to suspects wanted by the japanese authorities and the international police organization interpol .
the latest polls show that presidential frontrunner lee myung bak of the grand national party maintains a percent to percent lead over his rival park geun hye despite park s all out attacks on the former seoul mayor .
when a problem arises
a truck being used to push back the plane in preparation for the flight experienced some form of failure causing it disconnect from the aircraft , a singapore airlines spokesman said .
aaa tracks the retail price at a national average . a gallon this morning .
to gather the french people around a new french dream , he told supporters at his ump party .
the children have been living in an orphanage in abeche , in eastern chad , since late october .
the joong ang ilbo reports an apparent rift between president roh moo hyun and the military establishment over how to approach the northern limit line that separates the two koreas in the yellow sea seemed to widen as the defense minister has made it clear that he will fight any challenge to the line , even if it costs him his job , quoting high ranking military sources yesterday .
although kosovo is a province of serbia , it has been under u . n . and nato administration since a day nato led air war that halted a serb crackdown on ethnic albanian separatists in .
kurochkina said the company was taking steps to resolve the situation and free the hostages .
all but percent of the new victims last year were male , and a third of them were in their s .
it s a long way from the streets of east london to the hollywood hills and becky charts beckham s incredible rise to football stardom , a journey that has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer .
and an apparent lack of adequate emergency lighting left victims groping in the dark after the lights went out .
breaking news from capitol hill , where a senate panel has endorsed hillary clinton for secretary of state .
seoul mayor lee myung bak is likely to be questioned by prosecutors over a corruption scandal surrounding a vice mayor in relation to his ambitious project of restoring the chonggyechon stream .
to take advantage of that energizing blue boost , lift your shades the minute you get up or take a minute walk first thing in the morning .
in a report following an month investigation , regulator amf also alleged eads had misled financial markets by failing to meet standards on the publication of information .
one person described as unaccounted for was later confirmed dead , ocean isle beach mayor debbie smith told cnn .
the museum had functioned as the national museum of contemporary art , korea , until it was closed down in .
indonesia is looking for new technologies and management systems for waste minimization , treatment and , where possible , recycling or reuse .
baines appeared cheerful and talkative when the los angeles times interviewed her in november as she cast her vote for barack obama for president , whom she said she supported because he s for the colored people .
president barack obama says us forces must disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al queda and the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan .
especially children already in pain from serious illnesses .
we will always remain hopeful and remain optimistic but with four missing we re concerned about them , he said .
the spanish built casa transporter crashed near the town of miroslawiec , a few hundred kilometers northwest of warsaw , around p . m . gmt .
we are not going to run risks , said diego palacio , colombia s minister of social protection . we are going to persuade people who are on riverbanks or islands that they have to leave immediately .
however , the mineworkers union said not enough is being done to protect the safety of its members , with the number of deaths on the job for already surpassing the figure for all of by .
when masked youths threw stones near the u . s . embassy , norwegian riot police used tear gas to disperse militants and seven people were arrested .
the ministry also announced the price would be raised by more than percent to cents per liter about cents a gallon .
and one candidate is ready , willing and able to end the war and to rebuild our military while honoring our soldiers and our veterans .
the british broadcasting corp . said ying had already pulled out , but the chinese embassy said only that she was weighing her options .
researchers may have found king solomon s mines
in southern india , where at least , were estimated to have died , wailing relatives gathered around bodies .
the document , which was on loan to the archives from until earlier this year , was sold tuesday at sotheby s auction house in new york .
sunday s attack has raised the prospect of a major turkish military incursion into northern iraq targeting the kurdish separatists .
so far this year , it s been detected in dead crows in new york , connecticut , maryland and new jersey .
the observatory isn t expected to be feline free for long .
major rallies were held in barcelona , where more than , people took to the streets , london , montreal , new york , paris , rome , washington and other major cities in the middle east and asia .
the group said she was held at the government technical institute detention center in yangon for five days .
mining for iron ore exposes naturally occurring heavy metals like arsenic and cadmium , which are both carcinogens .
musharraf has been accused by western critics and his political opponents of rolling back democracy in pakistan in an effort to maintain power .
it s a synergistic match made in heaven to have the book and movie come out within a couple weeks of each other .
the video compression chips that make dvds possible are the key component in the direct broadcast satellite business , which is growing rapidly in asia , europe and the united states by offering hundreds of channels to consumers who don t have cable tv .
wednesday s violence falls on the fifth anniversary of the fall of baghdad .
classes in schools and universities in tbilisi were suspended for two days .
according to an affidavit from the federal agent who questioned them , cowart and schlesselman planned to charge at obama with a car , firing from the windows as they went .
with virtual golf , boxing , baseball and bowling already on the market , future games could involve different and unexpected groups of muscles , bonis said . physicians should be aware that there may be multiple , possibly puzzling presentations of wiiitis .
the white house said it was deeply troubled by the move , which happened at a delicate time in the international negotiations over north korea s nuclear decommissioning .
a law enforcement source told cnn that mann was shot in the face .
communist china is considering possible retaliation against the series of south korean government reports that has raised fears over the safety of chinese food imports .
it is claimed that recruiting officers routinely falsify enlistment documents to register children as being , the legal minimum age for recruitment .
its expansion was the most famous construction project of herod , the jewish proxy ruler of the holy land under imperial roman occupation from b . c .
a group of people have gathered beside a gazebo in an outdoor park to discuss the presidential election .
but home minister syed hamid albar said monday such a plan will not be practical .
the paper said that he may have died from exhaustion brought on by too many hours on the internet .
baitullah mehsud s followers have kept up the fight against u . s . , nato and afghan forces deep inside afghanistan .
since march , prosecutors have been searching for irregularities in the way lone star bought keb in august .
despite the u . s . propaganda iran has not relinquished its right to the nuclear fuel cycle and it never will do so , said the cleric , who is secretary general of iran s top security body , the supreme national security council .
growth in european export markets , meaning both established western european markets and new markets in eastern europe , is a major factor behind our success , said ralph weyler , who oversees audi s marketing and sales . we are steadily and consistently increasing our market share in these regions .
trillions and trillions of new spending mean record tax increases and record government debt .
the international olympic committee has already voiced concern over distance events at the olympics in august and has said that the marathons could be called off if the conditions posed a danger to athletes health .
minister of interior and justice ramon rodriguez chacin blamed a fault in a generator at the plant in guri , which caused a high voltage power transmission line to overheat .
studies have shown that physical exercise , the kind that keeps the heart healthy , also keeps the brain healthy , according to the national institutes of health s cognitive and emotional health project .
this is the first fatality in what israel says could be a long and hard fought effort against hamas .
so who assisted the koreans ?
if so , your doctor and pharmacist should be able to justify the choice .
with the presidential elections looming next year , the next nts head would have had less than a year in office .
the moon gray coupe has headlamp washers , power rear head rests , heated outside mirrors and an electro pneumatic system that closes the door should the driver leave it ajar .
he said he spoke to diana about the possibility that fayed would give her a ring shortly before her death .
the killings are drug related or retaliatory for the most part , police have said .
at the british international motor show earlier this year a host of new low emission vehicles were on show .
according to animal shelter officials , big , black dogs like gozer have more trouble finding a happy home than do other dogs .
other papers echoed the sun s thinly sourced story and the rumor spread quickly through internet message boards .
another person , an overweight student , sits and places his feet on brick like props to enable him to stretch higher .
seinfeld s producing an upcoming reality show where celebrities referee real couples arguments .
japan s antarctic fleet has resumed illegal commercial whaling after anti hunt activists suspended their pursuit of the vessels in the southern ocean to refuel .
change in its assessment report released this year .
chinese authorities have reported a death toll of , and say most of those killed were innocent victims .
the icelandic singer , bjork , has caused controversy among fans in communist china by shouting tibet !
malaysia s prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi says he will not resign despite a big setback for his governing coalition in saturday s election .
for the emancipation of the niger delta , or mend , said it conducted the attack , which resulted in the seizure of an american oil worker .
police in sydney have seized weapons including swords , iron bars and petrol bombs in a major operation to prevent a repeat of last week s racial violence .
storm surge , high winds , and heavy rain to cuba .
the company sold two of the buildings for undisclosed prices in december and february .
seoul southern district court said yesterday that shin hyun bum and oh chang rae , musicians from an underground punk band called the couch who exposed their genitals during a live mbc broadcast in july , received a month suspended sentence and an eight month suspended sentence , respectively , both with a two year probation .
bush says he is committed to his surge strategy , under which more us troops are being poured into baghdad .
the estimate is less severe than a report that judged the iranian leadership was determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure .
republican rudy giuliani and democrat john edwards abandoned their failing u . s . presidential bids on wednesday , narrowing the race in both parties to two main candidates ahead of next week s multi state round of voting .
los angeles , california cnn tired of global warming doom and gloom ?
nearly , others have been wounded in action .
none of the sickened neighbors in konan , southern japan , was severely ill , although about were hospitalized , authorities said .
for everyone here in ohio and across america who s been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up this one is for you , clinton said before supporters in columbus . you know what they say , she said .
the european union has dismissed an israeli minister s remark that it had been given the green light to continue .
somewhere beyond these mountains , two and a half hours outside of las vegas , there is a secret airbase where spy planes like the stealth fighter and the blackbird first tested their wings .
whenever i am in padang i think about my escape routes , almost every moment .
his only response in english was i don t speak english .
david beckham is known in every part of the world , said brown who has already spoken in support of england hosting the showpiece .
john , the president elect will begin his inaugural celebration on january th , traveling by train to the nation s capital .
adams said he was inspired by an article in the prestigious medical journal science , in which researchers concluded that light behind the knees might be an effective way to treat jet lag .
this method was politically and strategically absurd .
the minimum cost will be . per gallon , up from the current . per gallon .
the report is being discussed at a meeting of the intergovernmental panel on climate change ipcc .
breaking news from the middle east where the un says it is halting aid deliveries to gaza , sighting israeli attacks on staff and installations .
boston red sox manager terry francona declined comment monday on a report the team received a mailed threat targeting black and latin players .
total compensation after the hospital gave injections of fake armillarisni a , made by the qiqihar no . pharmaceutical co . ltd . , based in the country s northeast , a lawyer for the hospital told the information times , a guangzhou paper .
fda is initiating an import alert against several species of imported chinese farmed seafood because of numerous cases of contamination with drugs and unsafe food additives , said dr . david acheson , the agency s assistant commissioner for food protection , in a conference call with reporters .
today s larger races can feature , or more athletes , all having fans who want results quickly if not instantaneously .
the main faction of the milf is holding peace talks with the government but renegade members are believed to be linked to the jemaah islamiah network and continuing their fight for an islamic nation in the southern philippines .
he said market principles play an important role in the formulation of economic policies under the current administration .
south korea was a colony of japan in . many south koreans still harbor resentment toward japan s occupation .
president thabo mbeki has admitted that his government failed to plan properly after being warned about possible shortages years ago .
the fairness of martial law enforcement has often been questioned as it is under the direct control of field commanders .
the cheetah moved toward the ball quickly and knocked her to the ground .
koreans are still barred from buying foreign real estate as an investment as opposed to a domicile .
when megan s law was enacted , few could envision a day when a sex offender hiding behind a fake screen name would be a mouse click away from new and unwitting victims , she said .
his daughter , sarah spoke of a childhood where sir edmund was planning expeditions , and coming home to a family eager to see him again .
a girl s gotta cover her back and have a dress , just in case , she said .
of course , that s partly down to the sheer number of eateries in tokyo estimated at more than , establishments
i am more determined than ever to carry on this campaign , she told supporters in charleston , west virginia . i am in this race because i believe i am the strongest candidate .
the man was found naked , with his clothes lying intact inside the cage .
snare drum beating , parade music
several of the hair samples investigated were up to , years old .
chinese authorities have confirmed that at least several hundred children died in schools in one town alone and an untold number have perished in schools elsewhere .
as for the pictures of the president s bride in her birthday suit , predictably recycled by the british tabloids , members of the public i encountered were universally on carla s side .
in japan , the ethanol boom is hitting the country in mayonnaise and miso , two important culinary ingredients , as biofuels production pushes up the price of cooking oil and soybeans .
we have a basic framework of agreement between iran and the agency , iranian deputy nuclear negotiator javad vaeedi told a joint news conference saying talks yielded great results , according to a translation of his words by iran s press tv .
up to capital gains taxes on multiple homeowners .
yahoo had been at best inexcusably negligent and at worst deceptive in evidence given to the house foreign affairs committee last year , it said .
ethanol can be made from either crop .
the quality of them and the entertainment value of them are much better than we actually thought they would be .
she also appealed to the militants , saying , the terrorists should lay down their arms . if there are any differences in opinion they should be resolved through dialogue .
tam has released a list of passengers , crew and employees , including seven tam workers who it said were killed on the ground .
i proposed to the board that they establish some mechanism to judge whether the agreement reached was a reasonable outcome , wolfowitz said in a statement he read at a news conference before upcoming meetings of finance ministers in washington this weekend .
planned cuts at the company , which had , employees at the end of , will be made by the end of the year , according to motorola , which did not provide specifics on the break down of the lay offs .
clinton said the woman ran into trouble and went to a hospital in a nearby county but was denied treatment because she couldn t afford a payment .
he is to hand over power on monday .
omar osama bin laden and his british born wife have left spain on a commercial flight bound for egypt .
london , england cnn the parents of missing madeleine mccann have accepted pound , . million libel damages and an apology over stories published in two british newspapers that alleged they were involved in the disappearance or death of the girl .
officials shut off the road at the kilauea military camp toward the jaggar museum and observatory . only volcano employees were allowed inside that part of the park .
the seattle based coffee chain began offering their holiday theme drinks , like the gingersnap latte and peppermint mocha twist yesterday .
david ferrer , feliciano lopez and fernando verdasco are expected to be back on the team .
the bubbly beauty has charisma for miles a true american idol , her fans argue .
i started to get bored because of the middle sections of the show .
president george w . bush said on wednesday he had no regrets about the unpopular war in iraq despite the high cost in lives and treasure and declared that the united states was on track for victory .
the minute film , fitna , features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the quran to paint islam as a threat to western society .
pardo later killed himself at his brother s house .
congressman henry waxman says he has internal documents that show that executives at the company were building golden parachutes for executives on their way out the door , as their company was failing .
the previous all time record in cnn or gallup polling was set by truman , percent disapproval in january .
libya ended decades of international isolation in when it agreed to halt a weapons program prohibited by the united nations and pay compensation for the bombing of a u . s . airliner over scotland in in which people were killed .
the frenchman , known only as eric , and his three afghan colleagues would be freed if at least one of the taliban s demands were met , spokesman qari mohammad yousuf added .
belgium has become the second country in europe after the netherlands to decriminalise euthanasia .
the door is approximately feet wide , and the cart was big enough to hit it and somehow open the door and the cart went through , said dominic verdi , deputy commissioner of the city department of licenses and inspections .
that s why it s important for kids to get the shut eye they need throughout childhood and adolescence .
drop working hours to a reasonable level and you ll see fewer accidents and higher productivity .
it s frigid , and i know yesterday we were feeding a lot of folks on the sandbag line and i m not sure it got above yesterday .
cox is the spokesman for the regional emergency committee in puerto cabezas , nicaragua .
completing a joint , two month examination into lotte world in december , last year , the dongyang structural engineers group and the korea disasters research institute said they found serious problems with four of its attractions a roller coaster , a bumper car arena , a movie theater , and a swimming pool .
if that sounds like good news to you , don t cheer too loudly .
the announcement came after the nec ruled monday that roh again violated the election law requiring public officials to stay neutral ahead of elections .
the concert , expected to attract international and local artists and draw a crowd of over , people , will be held to mark world aids day on december . details of the lineup will be announced later this month .
the latest wave of fighting flared on thursday after more than a week of relative quiet between the lebanese army and fatah al islam , a militant group said to be affiliated with al qaeda that is holed up inside the camp .
according to the washington post , the resignation won t stop congressional committees from seeking evidence in the investigation .
leaflets were dropped on wednesday warning local people to leave the area fuelling rumors that a military rescue operation could be launched .
protesters smashed windows and set fire to part of the building , the associated press reported .
prodi acknowledged that he would have to make some changes in his leadership , but he told the senators that the country needed continuity in government and that his was legitimately elected by the people .
police do not know who carried out the attacks , and have refused to speculate .
the research findings were reported in this week s issue of the journal , proceedings of the national academy of sciences , which came out monday .
possible damage to columbia s protective thermal tiles on the left wing from a flying piece of debris during liftoff on jan .
the attack wounded at least people in addition to the five slain , lebanese security sources said .
they began the cleanup from recent flooding that gov . ted strickland called devastating .
rafael nadal will miss spain s davis cup final against argentina later this month because of the knee problem that saw him withdraw from the masters cup in shanghai .
asari was arrested in september last year and is standing trial for treason .
ford calls its high tech system visual engineering . ?
the train derailed shortly after local time at bioce , about km north of podgorica .
an army source told al jazeera that al abssi s wife and daughter identified his corpse at a tripoli hospital .
we have a place , all of us , in a long story
bhutia is from india s northeastern sikkim state , which borders china .
eartha kitt turned sultry into an art form during her long career
nasa fears the united states will risk losing its title as the leading spacefaring nation as russia , europe , japan , china and india improve their ability to send humans and cargo into space during the gap years .
russian president vladimir putin has been warned of a plot to assassinate him during a visit to iran this week , kremlin officials have said .
public outcry and unrest over the fraud led to three deaths last week , including one investor s suicide .
they are also searching for members of regional terror group jemaah islamiah .
he says kids are very trusting of old saint nick .
if his baby had needed to be soothed three months ago , sandler , , of houston , texas , might have handed the baby off to his wife and then found an excuse to leave the house .
the government decided tuesday to allow conscientious objectors against mandatory military service to conduct alternative services such as caring for the disabled , instead of imprisoning them .
up to , people marched through central madrid , according to organizers , pressing the same anti war , anti aznar case .
the new restrictions will only apply to the inside of premises , meaning smokers are still free to light up on the
my hormones are too way out of control to be dealing with this , zeta jones said after winning .
abe s ruling liberal democratic party ldp is working on a draft of a new constitution .
gault , who police said runs his own animal training business , had been interviewed several times in connection with the girl s disappearance , and had denied involvement , blatter said , although he was still considered a suspect .
both said they would not go back into mining .
the u . n . nuclear watchdog said a day earlier that pyongyang had granted the iaea access to its nuclear facility in yongbyon again .
new york cnn students at a high school in virginia prepared thursday for the funeral of a popular classmate , the victim of a deadly drug resistant strain of bacteria that has turned up in schools across the country recently .
torre said he had lunch with owner george steinbrenner on friday .
a list of more than programs slated to be reduced or eliminated altogether .
but the highlight of the trip is a two hour drive each way around the mountain to get to the trailhead through villages nestled in valleys displaying a panorama of north korean daily life under leader kim jong il .
the hotel announcement comes after the government lifted a ban last week on cubans owning cell phones . that privilege , too , will be too costly for most cubans .
fritzl told his wife that his missing daughter had dropped off the children at the house because she could not take care of them , police said
the bbc reports the secretary general of burma s largest rebel group , the karen national union , has been killed .
galyani s passing came after the year old king himself recovered from the symptoms of a stroke after being hospitalized for three weeks in october .
china s state run xinhua news agency said friday that percent of rail traffic had returned to normal . but guangzhou s train station remained packed with a backlog of hundreds of thousands of travelers hoping to get home for the holiday .
the bombing threatens to deepen the country s political turmoil days before a key presidential vote . watch how ghanem s death disrupts lebanese politics raquo
nine children were injured wednesday at grace divine primary and secondary school in port au prince but there were no fatalities , said brigitte gaillis , head of operations in haiti for the international federation of the red cross and red crescent .
she decided not to attend amid criticism that it would be inappropriate for her to be there .
the who plans to send the study to many officials around the world .
or you may walk up hills to strengthen your leg muscles .
sydney , australia cnn a kayaker fought off an foot great white shark with her paddle on monday after it knocked her off the craft at one of australia s most popular beaches .
administration officials have toned down that support in recent months after intelligence assessments indicated musharraf s agreement with tribal leaders gave al qaeda and taliban militants free rein along the afghan border .
davis was sanctioned for failing to take appropriate action when informed of the incident , and sokoloski was censured for his unsatisfactory performance of duty .
the final settlement is likely to be a single lump sum followed by annual payments to mills until the couple s daughter reaches years old , and could include a privacy clause barring either party from speaking publicly about the split .
they can start their pregnancies healthy , they can be sure to deal with problems like smoking , and alcohol , and drugs , and nutrition , even before they get pregnant .
french president jacques chirac , who has been an outspoken opponent of the u . s . led war in iraq , called the u . s . a steadfast friend and ally .
an elaborate multi course cuisine in which presentation is raised to an art form .
buhari rejected the result as blatantly rigged and called on parliament to impeach president olusegun obasanjo .
so if you are itching to see cloverfield but are worried you might get sick , experts recommend taking a dose of over the counter anti vertigo medicine , sold under such brand names as bonine and dramamine ii . it might not protect you from all the symptoms , but it could , and it certainly can t hurt , stewart said .
and dadullah s death is perhaps the biggest military loss the taliban has had since the u . s . led invasion .
jolie , who has visited pakistan three times as a united nations goodwill ambassador , said she hopes to return to do more humanitarian work .
the move comes exactly a year after north korea carried out its first nuclear test , on october th .
when police arrived he stabbed himself with a butcher knife , puncturing his aorta .
the plot described at an israeli cabinet meeting sunday morning was foiled after israeli security services passed on the identities of the militants to the palestinian authority , the israeli daily newspaper haaretz reported .
a bruised , half naked seventeen year old boy showed up at a gym with a chain locked to his ankle .
when we called the parents of the teenagers , some of them refused to come to the station to meet them , said a police officer .
these spy dens and military command and control centers from which you plotted your aggression against afghanistan and iraq and which still provide vital moral , military , material and logistical support to the crusade shall continue to be legitimate targets for brave muslims . . . until and unless you heed our demands stop the crusade and leave the muslims alone , he said .
the venue has , permanent and , temporary seats .
richard gibbs of the baylor college of medicine in houston , who led a team that decoded the dna of a monkey called the rhesus macaque , called the new work a good outline of cat dna .
stewart when you talk about the regulators , why not the financial news network ?
musharraf has said he will step down as pakistan s military chief before taking the oath this weekend as president .
on monday , the actor announced plans to build eco friendly homes in the louisiana city s lower th ward , an area devastated by hurricane katrina .
over the past several months , many travelers who applied for a passport did not receive their document in time for their planned travel . i deeply regret that , says assistant secretary of state maura harty , who is in charge of passports for u . s . citizens .
marcus pizzuti , a commercial artist who recently moved to rachel believes area contains spacecraft with antimatter annihilation reactors powered by alien substances that are way off the periodic table .
today s power brokers no longer work in the steel and glass towers of the traditional record business instead , they re tech geeks , bedroom bloggers and silicon valley visionaries .
a roundabout effort to bring some holiday cheer to the police ?
at least , korean citizens took to the streets in downtown seoul and across the nation saturday in rallies against the impeachment of president roh moo hyun and the u . s . presence in iraq .
sunday s victory in charleston was the american s first clay court title since the french open .
they dated back to the late cretaceous period , roughly million years ago , in an area where krause also was finding dinosaur and crocodile fossils .
south korea , which voted for last year s resolution , said it decided to abstain in consideration of special status of inter korean relations .
after losing out five times , director martin scorsese was awarded his first oscar on sunday for his mob informer movie the departed .
the moniker itself is preparation for the onslaught of surfboard memorabilia and shoulder to shoulder visitors , jostling each other as they rush to the sand and wait to make bookings at the tourist information center .
the number of broken hearts aside , romance fraud costs victims millions of dollars each year .
almost one year after the original apple iphone went on sale , apple ceo steve jobs has announced a g version of the device , finally putting to rest months of rumors and speculation .
magistrate william campbell said the jury s decision ended the case as far the courts in the bahamas were concerned .
china is pressing former south korean president kim young sam to cancel a planned visit to taiwan , but kim s aides say he will go .
hopkin said darwin introduced himself as john jones and that he acted a little bit suspicious .
rescuers and their family had given them up for dead after hours underground after a tunnel collapsed , the china daily said .
cape canaveral , florida cnn space shuttle endeavour roared into orbit wednesday carrying teacher astronaut barbara morgan , who was finally fulfilling the dream of christa mcauliffe and the rest of the fallen challenger crew .
world sharemarkets slump on recession fears
their bill would make it a crime to hijack the identities of other computer uses to send bulk commercial e mail or to conceal key information about the e mail s source .
i really didn t expect this , added hoy , who received a standing ovation after he came to the stage to collect his award from sir steven redgrave and american athletics legend michael johnson .
the us has vowed to push for further un sanctions against iran , following the latest report on its nuclear program .
kim sook , director general of the ministry s north american affairs bureau told reporters that president roh moo hyun and u . s .
there was no claim of responsibility for the attack , nor evidence that it was linked to the demonstration .
chocolate contains a theobromine , a chemical that can affect the heart , kidneys and central nervous system .
e . a . mcilhenny invented the blend of peppers , salt and vinegar here after the civil war , and everything on , acre avery island , from the bayou bridge on , belongs to his descendants .
the staid displays don t attract droves of youths who have hipper places to go , so there s peace and space to ponder a spicy , healthy dish that is part of korea s heritage , as well as diet .
sixty eight percent of the lab confirmed cases have been reported in tameem province , where kirkuk is located and where the ailment was first detected .
papers endorsing john mccain include the arizona republic , which says mccain would be a leader in the tradition of harry truman , with what it calls a noble willingness to stand up and stand alone .
president roh moo hyun instructed the administration on tuesday to take measures to eliminate the legacy of japan s colonial rule of korea , the korea times quoted chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo as saying .
only bodies have been positively identified .
officials hope to liquidate some of its assets to repay investors who were defrauded .
forces korea will elevate the legal drinking age from to , the stars stripes reported .
bush called the ideas innovative but said the u . s . still wants to anchor the defense in poland and the czech republic .
negotiations have failed in the past because north korea wants the sea border to be redrawn further south .
yi is to return to earth on april , along with two of the station s other current occupants , american astronaut peggy whitson and flight engineer yuri malenchenko .
the brazilian system is one of the most modern in the world . we have few accidents compared to other countries in the world , lula said .
the national intelligence estimate nie published on monday took u . s . friends and foes by surprise after years of stridentrhetoric from washington accusing tehran of pursuing a covert nuclear weapons program .
a warrant for laurean s arrest on murder charges was issued over the weekend .
baiji police chief saad nufoos was dismissed from his post as a result of the attack , according to an iraqi interior ministry official .
us marine commanders have defended their decision not to send troops into falluja to quell the macabre disturbances that followed after four american civilians were killed and their bodies dragged through the streets .
israeli troops have begun pulling out of the gaza strip years after they captured the narrow coastal area .
luxury car theft is common in moscow .
astronauts on the third spacewalk had the unplanned job of repairing a thermal blanket which had peeled back near atlantis tail during the june launch .
foreign minister ban ki moon blamed japanese counterpart nobutaka machimura for his inappropriate comment .
most of those sickened nearby complained of sore throats , and about people were evacuated to a nearby gymnasium .
fabio grosso and mauro camoranesi scored their penalties for italy who won a shoot out to beat france in the final of the world cup .
the lack of water has caused some officials to consider ways to store water more effectively .
i was kinda losing a little hope , said ausnes .
clinton responded when did i say that and to whom did i say that ?
high school students were ready to take to the streets to criticize the new college admission plan drawn up by the education ministry , which they say creates a hypercompetitive school environment .
pyongyang admitted in that it had kidnapped japanese to help train its spies .
partition is not on the table , the embassy statement read .
it shouldn t be so hard to follow these guidelines except you ll be on the receiving end of an endless line of questions .
his office emphasized the link is only suspected at this point , and a confirmed case would require more extensive testing .
younes kaboul scored in injury time to earn tottenham a remarkable premier league home draw with aston villa , sealing a remarkable fightback after trailing and possibly saving manager martin jol from the sack .
criticizing gnp presidential hopefuls lee myung bak and park geun hye , roh said saturday that it would be horrific to see the opposition party win the presidential election in december .
but these days that rationale is being questioned .
the latest scare was set off by worries that countrywide financial , the largest u . s . mortgage lender , could face bankruptcy if liquidity worsens .
the event came as the gop s four remaining candidates jockey for position going into next tuesday , when more than states will be holding primaries or caucuses .
when i first started this , it was only a dozen or so of us , reminisced the former factory worker turned drag queen .
manchester united midfielder cristiano ronaldo escaped injury after wrecking his ferrari on the way to training on thursday , the premier league and european champions have confirmed . cristiano was involved in an incident this morning .
thieves smashed or pried open row upon row of glass cases and pilfered or just destroyed their contents .
u . s . officials have not ruled out the military option .
violence had been expected at the rally , which marked the largest fatah gathering since hamas took over the area .
sean connery , who played dad to ford s globe trotting archaeologist in s indiana jones and the last crusade , will not reprise the role in the new movie .
the british foreign office called the footage unacceptable .
nor is this the first time that sex and the city has run afoul of israeli religious sensibilities .
revising the constitution , but the democrats have been saying that people s everyday lives should come first . i think those policies should be prioritized , said hirofumi nemoto , , a newspaper seller in chiba , who said he voted for the democratic party .
the korea times reports seoul and tokyo on thursday devoted themselves to resolving rising tensions diplomatically over japan s attempts to conduct maritime surveys in south korea s economic waters near dokdo . japan s undersecretary for foreign affairs shotaro yachi proposed his visit to seoul to hold talks with south korean foreign ministry officials on friday .
that contrasted with a turnout of at the presidential election a month ago .
i have a lot of friends over there .
the year old south korean was found in a quarry where he worked in cheongwon county in north chungcheong province police said .
governing china is a project that is extremely demanding . only by reform , opening up and implementing socialism with chinese characteristics can we build a more modern , prosperous china , wen said at his debut news conference in the great hall of the people .
the possibility of another attack against the united states recent reports of increased communications among suspected al qaeda operatives the war against terrorism remains in high gear .
the latest new tvs , mp players , computers and pretty much any other shiny and expensive gadget you can think of will be on display next week in las vegas , nevada , long before they make their way to your local big box electronic store .
ten other people were taken to a hospital with minor injuries .
while china s internet usage has been growing in leaps in bounds , the government limits the web sites its citizens can visit .
the south korean defense ministry is also considering sending military equipment and personnel to help rebuild affected areas .
the reasons the court has reached this decision rest with the hospital , not with mr . hinckley , friedman said , adding that hinckley s prior visits have been uneventful and his family has done all that has been asked of them .
yakubu ayegbeni had left chelsea fighting to hold onto their trophy when he fired a th minute equalizer nine minutes after the home club had mikel john obi red carded for a reckless challenge on phil neville .
one of the most popular products is nintendo s brain age also known as brain training
zimbabwe opposition leader morgan tsvangirai was the clear victor of last month s poll , a top us envoy says .
park officials declined to speculate how much money johnson could get for the diamond .
the governor of illinois has been arrested on federal charges .
cnn heavy rains poured into a coal mine in east china s shandong province friday , trapping miners beneath the surface , china s xinhua news agency reported .
these are known as blimps and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance .
such as mobile phones , wireless messaging units and game playing devices has caused a physical mutation in young people s hands .
a pakistani express train derailed early wednesday morning , killing at least people and injuring at least others , police said .
sao tome and principe , a twin island nation in the gulf of guinea , aims to become the latest .
rescue helicopters are hovering with their skids just inches from the floodwaters to allow flood victims to cling to the aircraft .
he did not speculate on who it might be , but in separate interviews , pakistani government and intelligence officials said they believed it was possible that ayman al zawahiri , the chief strategist for osama bin laden , was the one surrounded .
seven samples taken during the tour which had at first been tested negative were retested by the french lab , french sports daily l equipe said on its website
it was a high intensity blast , said asaduddin owaisi , an andhra pradesh state lawmaker from hyderabad . he said it caused carnage at the park .
more than tibet supporters including some buddhist monks waved banners and tibetan flags outside the ioc headquarters monday , as delegates from the unofficial tibetan national olympic committee met with the organization s officials to discuss the request .
yahoo started a begging category but the recent spike in activity and diversity of sites led yahoo to rename the category e panhandling .
rudd s sweeping victory over howard in saturday s elections ended almost years of conservative rule in australia .
rove said the recent investigations by congress into his possible role in the firings of several u . s . attorneys did not affect his decision .
cnn myanmar s pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi is ready to cooperate with the government and is committed to pursuing a dialogue with the ruling junta , according to a statement the united nations special envoy to myanmar read thursday on her behalf .
hours earlier , maliki called recent us criticism of his work discourteous .
the session was delayed from its original date , tuesday , due to the shooting at virginia tech earlier this week .
in speaking at an event marking the th anniversary of the founding of the jewish state , bush said , some seem to believe that we should negotiate with the terrorists and radicals , as if some ingenious argument will persuade them they have been wrong all along .
lee and six young fishermen were kept and trained as spies to infiltrate the south .
at least monks are being held , according to the new light of myanmar .
a united nations driver who had seen the crash site and visited area hospitals had told cnn that the number of dead appeared to be far fewer than originally reported .
asian and european market have surged as investors returned from the easter holiday in a mood to buy , encouraged by upbeat u . s . housing numbers and overnight gains on wall street .
the moat is separated from the emperor s residence by high stone walls and woods .
and i defended tax cuts when i campaigned , i helped implement tax cuts when i was president , and i will defend them after my presidency as the right course of action .
because no one owns antarctica , no one is responsible for the continent s safeguard .
at least others were wounded , he said .
sunday the english version of the self styled cyber diplomats homepage www . prkorea . com english had been hacked and its web board swamped with messages thought to be written by japanese people .
the attack , which is likely to raise fears about greater election violence in pakistan , took place in the town of charsada in peshawar province between p . m . and p . m .
beijing , china cnn a gas leak killed coal miners thursday in southwest china , while another six are missing and presumed dead , state media said .
i am confident in his ability to survive this , ryan said .
female voice i was up till , and then i have scoliosis , and i was sitting on the floor and my back was hurting , and i was so .
britain s queen elizabeth will not attend the wedding of her eldest son prince charles to his long time partner camilla parker bowles , adding to an air of chaos that has surrounded plans for the day .
this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , said jeffery s . pettis of the u . s . department of agriculture s bee research laboratory and a co author of the study . other stressors on the colony are likely involved .
aid groups and charities condemned the violence and distanced themselves from the militants .
last month the ministry of defense had said the prince would be heading to iraq as an armed reconnaissance officer in the blues and royals regiment .
the move , announced by interior minister nicolas sarkozy , allows local authorities to impose curfews and lets police perform raids without warrants .
negative attitudes towards bush were common in all countries except israel
strict inspections will be in place when south korea resumes importation of u . s . beef , following a public outcry over concerns about mad cow disease .
the ministry will introduce the so called positive list system in september , under which only medicines with proven efficacy and price competitiveness will be covered by health insurance .
the more people who come here , the better it ll be for our community .
and al qaeda s deputy leader tried to woo hamas into an alliance and called on muslims to attack american and israeli interests in support of the group .
president hu was not there to see them as he had already left hong kong for the mainland earlier in the day
the united states , the european union and colombia classify it as a terrorist group .
mauresmo had an early scare when jackson , the world number , had a break point in the opening game .
a lawyer for the father said there was more to the story than just cultural issues .
by the time he was done , animals worth around , had been killed , including a turtle , bearded dragons and thorny devil lizards , neindorf said . although none were considered rare , some are difficult to replace , he said .
cnn scoring bargain accommodations in rome can be as tricky as deciphering ancient ruins .
in the latest case on wednesday , officers found a man in his s in the bathroom of his apartment surrounded by bottles of detergent and other chemicals , said a kanazawa police officer .
pyongyang has warned that it will see any sanctions imposed by the council as a declaration of war .
odd as it might be , that research might have implications for millions of humans .
one of the more poignant passages deals with her shock at finding she s pregnant .
she admitted all three of the dead babies were her children , and said she possibly was the person who put the babies in the freezer .
but labor cabinet minister peter hain accused the conservatives of scurrilous , right wing , ugly tactics .
lohan who recently reunited with her father , michael lohan , after a year estrangement tells in touch weekly that her parents divorce triggered her behavior .
she gathered eight moms and their daughters on a recent sunday afternoon at the cook s warehouse in atlanta .
speaking to reporters after a brief court appearance , porter admitted he killed his children , apologized and said he thinks about them all the time .
half of it s just getting to talk to people you would never meet otherwise .
the constitution doesn t have any caveats .
but works minister s samy vellu cast doubt on that assertion , saying his government had made no such order .
the election had been due to take place in late , but saakashvili said it would now be scheduled for jan . to receive the trust of the people .
shooting also erupted in a cemetery and led four burials to be canceled , local media reported .
some women s groups are disappointed .
roh stressed that the change , even if realized , would not benefit him and the governing party but would enable his successor to manage state affairs in a more stable manner as the four year presidency would fit with the four year term of the national assembly from .
navy cmdr . bill oefelein told investigators he and nowak had been involved in a sexual relationship that he ended in january , two months after meeting air force capt . colleen shipman .
ufo strike has uk in a lather over e . t .
the star paid for his lemonade , which year old carter , year old chandler and year old chase fontaine were selling for cents .
inside , banafsha and the other children get to laugh .
they are the main contenders among candidates vying to replace romano prodi , who stepped down as prime minister in january .
demonstrators descended on city centers across the country tuesday to press congress to give the estimated million people in the united states illegally a path to citizenship .
the regal ex stray with a bright white coat and black splotches was carried off the mountain wednesday for the last time and will live with some park rangers in the valley below due to old age and a recent infection claiming the last of his teeth .
the couple plan a , mile horse race across north africa to draw attention to the cause of peace .
they have to begin from zero in order to save the sport , to present to our children new role models .
baghdad , iraq cnn eight former officials from executed iraqi dictator saddam hussein s government will be transferred from u . s . military prisons to iraqi custody in the coming days , iraq s deputy justice minister told cnn on sunday .
the families expressed their sorrow for the three men who were killed in a rescue effort thursday .
triesman urged an end to the culture of secrecy surrounding the finances of english football clubs , who he said now have debts totaling about billion pounds . billion
the decision is widely viewed as a rejection to the state auditors demand that the fss nullify its approval of the deal to strip the u . s . private equity fund of a majority stakeholder status in keb .
jang seok hyo , the head of the grand canal task force , met with executives from five domestic construction companies last month over breakfast to talk about the project , according to kang seung kyoo , the deputy spokesman for lee s transition team .
chinese ambassador qian hongshan and scores of blue uniformed chinese laborers who built the new million queen s park stadium as a gift from beijing were visibly uncomfortable as taiwan s anthem echoed inside the , seat venue .
more than people have been killed in blasts at three cities in iraq , in one of the deadliest days there for weeks .
they also said the couple went on frequent vacations that would have given the two women ample opportunity to flee .
. leaving on a bad note
south korea s foreign minister song min soon had similar telephone discussions with his u . s . and chinese counterparts , and planned to talk with the japanese and russian foreign ministers , the foreign ministry said .
the castle opened for tours earlier this year and has thousands of visitors already , some coming back for a second or third time .
al maliki also questioned whether retaliation was the actual motive of those behind the police officers killings .
the hearing for the order is scheduled for february .
last monday , a blast in an illegal mine in yuxian county killed people .
the government denied any such plans .
initially they were great , said the phoenix police traffic coordinator , officer terry sills . until people found out what they were .
although vatican cameras captured some sleeping children who had been unable to stay awake for the late ceremony .
the film premieres here sunday , just four days before it opens in theaters worldwide .
i hope it can help patients around the world , he said .
a group of atalanta supporters , who sit in the curva nord or north bend of the atleti azzurri d italia stadium , attempted to smash through a barrier and force their way onto the field at the start of a serie a match against ac milan on november .
i ve got about a mile of round , curving , beautiful white sand beach about yards wide .
the center was set up as part of efforts to develop seoul into a global city favorable to foreign visitors and residents after the city government announced plans for the globalization of seoul last july .
north korean delegation had a courtesy visit to the blue house .
some , jobs created this year , more than half of them in high wage , non manufacturing industries .
as part of the exam , their belly size was measured by using a caliper to find the distance between their backs and the surface of their upper abdomens .
cannavaro was on the ground for about minutes receiving treatment before being carried off on a stretcher .
the tigers say they never planned to .
abc tried to reach agreement to air the commercial on a different night , according to people familiar with discussions , and was left out .
after the final whistle in their defeat of heavily favored saudi arabia .
three prominent burmese dissidents detained following last month s protests have been released , the bbc has learned .
beijing , china cnn china has arrested nine tibetan buddhist monks who it says bombed a government building in tibet , state media reported .
certainly i think what he said is not shared by most of the people in the world .
according to the report , the service learned in may that an iranian organization linked to hezbollah had been involved in wire transfers of cash amounting to about billion won .
moore and his roommate approached cho and asked if he would like to sit with them .
sushi zanmai lets you pick your dishes from a conveyor belt and is great value for money .
anniversary of the end of world war ii .
japan s derailed commuter train accident has killed at least people .
his remark was met with laughter .
the iranian players and the referees had to be escorted out of the stadium .
earlier sunday , the government had deployed about pro junta thugs and riot police on the road leading to suu kyi s compound , witnesses said .
the strong price is due to supply concerns in general , on top of which we have the geopolitical news , said victor shum , a singapore based energy analyst with purvin gertz .
sicko promises to take the health care industry to task the way moore confronted america s passion for guns in bowling for columbine and skewered bush over his handling of september in fahrenheit .

nighttime hanami is known as yozakura and paper lanterns are hung in ueno park for the occasion .
police in moscow have broken up a series of gay rights protests , detaining more than people , including activists from the us and britain .
his father , prince charles , is an active conservationist and patron of several wildlife charities .
this year , for the first time , nielsen is measuring viewership in the estimated percent of homes with digital video recorders .
taiwan s newly elected president has pledged to establish better economic and political ties with communist china .
the marriage license is good for days .
the site , said to be like one in north korea , was bombed by israel in .
and carried signs that said the genocide olympics .
ramos horta , running as an independent , francisco guterres , a former guerrilla fighter and a member of alkatiri s fretilin party , and fernando de araujo of the democratic party , another resistance leader .
the babies were transported from bayfront medical center to all children s hospital shortly after their birth .
mccain later took aim directly at obama for lacking specifics .
many men refused to leave , according to an associated press reporter on the mountain .
the top priority for the spacewalkers , patrick forrester and steven swanson , was activating a rotating joint on the outpost s newest segment , allowing a new pair of solar wings to track the sun and provide power to the station .
kim started the company and is accused of defrauding investors .
it s time , it s prudent that we begin to explore mars looking for the possibility of a life form that s exhaling methane , said lisa pratt , professor of geological sciences at indiana university , at a nasa news briefing thursday .
he once told his wife , there are people who are better than me , as he tucked his prestigious awards inside his closet .
but pushing daisies has more to say how good things often come with a catch .
in the champions league there will be no changes to the core format of eight groups of four teams each , platini said .
the session follows polls in december and the announcement on saturday of the formation of a six party coalition led by the people power party ppp .
the japanese makers are able to sell cars for a better value than hyundai in the key u . s . market , yun said , as they benefit from weakness in the japanese yen versus the u . s . dollar .
with england firmly on course for a place in the world cup finals in south africa , former manchester united and real madrid star beckham has every incentive to prolong his career .
dozens of young people clashed with police in oslo during one demonstration .
but , hill said , i certainly have made very clear repeatedly that we need to ensure that we know precisely the status of that .
more than offenses in china are punishable by the death penalty , including drug trafficking and embezzlement , bannister said .
the order for the planes is worth about . billion at list prices .
an arrogant perry spokesman fired back , saying our forefathers fought the revolutionary war to throw off the yoke of a european monarch and gain the freedom of self determination .
indeed he is , john , he is en route to new york right now to pay tribute to vets in a speech from the deck of an aircraft carrier that would be the uss intrepid , a world war ii era ship that s now a floating museum , john ?
that could put the long struggling leftists on track for gains in the runoff voting march , reversing defeats in the last municipal voting in .
most of the victims were ages to .
the two siblings confirmed to have died of bird flu in the eastern province of van , had close contact with poultry .
the potential balance of power on the supreme court moved front and center with news that supreme court chief justice william rehnquist was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and is in the hospital after undergoing a tracheotomy .
director lynn franco , of the conference board
ambassador to seoul alexander vershbow today to discuss the visa waiver program vwp , officials said .
so , obama s on the wrong road ?
state department spokesman tom casey said tuesday that the u . s . wanted the koreans returned to their families and stressed that u . s . policy was not to make concessions to terrorists .
we are troubled that garry kasparov and other leaders of the opposition have been arrested and detained . we call for them to be given proper access to legal counsel and fair treatment in processing .
cnn more than , cases of dengue , a sometimes deadly mosquito borne disease , have been reported in a southeastern brazilian state in the past four months , authorities said thursday .
that hostage was executed by the kidnappers , a source said .
robbie gould kicked a game winning field goal in overtime to give the bears a win over the packers .
rahm emanuel has accepted barack obama s offer to be white house chief of staff , obama said thursday .
on my last visit , the tooting horn of the fish truck woke me at a . m . with a honky chorus of the overture .
serbia s pro western president boris tadic declared victory sunday in the country s parliamentary elections , despite a challenge to his bloc from nationalist groups .
in getting ready for the resumption of classes , the university s student government asked hundreds of reporters to leave campus by monday morning .
the six party talks involve the two koreas , the united states , japan , china and russia and are now stalemated .
that chapter is closed .
at the request of his family , the final moments of yeltsin s funeral were not televised , allowing his wife , children and grandchildren to bid him a final farewell in relative privacy .
thousands of ecstatic pakistanis , waving placards and singing , took to the streets tuesday as the results began trickling in .
his pick would serve for two years before running for election in . if the candidate won that contest , he or she would have to run again in , when clinton s term ends .
and at an energy department event , president barack obama made another appeal for quick action
college enrollment will be cut by in years .
the leaders of both parties vowed to restore pakistan s deposed judges within days after the first session of parliament .
in texas , sen . hillary clinton holds a two to one advantage over obama with hispanic voters , while obama has the overwhelming advantage with black voters in the state s democratic primary , according to cnn s exit poll .
my number one priority coming in is making sure that we ve got an economic recovery plan that is equal to the task .
edwards said he and seale belonged to the same klan chapter , or klavern , led by seale s father , clyde , who has since died .
copts survived roman persecution and arab conquest , and today are generally free to worship in egypt .
america s most wanted reported the sightings , saying that authorities believed xue was homeless and frequenting chinese restaurants and martial arts studios .
here are five ways to avoid germs while traveling .
analyst sylvia gereda said colom owed his victory to support from the country s rural areas the area where there is hunger , where there are necessities .
along with the usual luxury amenities such as swimming pools , the building plans also call for car elevators so residents can park on their floors .
you are more than welcome , he said in broken english , a common phrase you hear in the middle east .
however , the source said , the kabul government came out with a categorical stance after karzai s return and rejected any deal with the taliban on a prisoners swap .
president barack obama meets this hour at the white house with brazil s president .
killed in the attack were a bodyguard for the president and two attackers , da costa said .
the celtics have boldly shown the knicks and ers that the old powerhouses still can compete against the warm weather capitals of san antonio , miami , dallas and phoenix .
he was governor of the region at the time and is accused of ordering the killings of as many as , kurds in and , as the iran iraq war was nearing its end .
stalin s star has brightened for those angered by lawlessness , economic uncertainty and their country s decline on the world stage .
wednesday s announcement reverses a statement made in february by the ministry of defence and the royal family , which said that harry would be sent to iraq with his regiment .
during the last gap in space flight , which ended in , the agency had a brain drain in which experienced engineers and technicians left for other opportunities and essentially , the manned space program went off the radar screen , lambright said .
about clown hopefuls strutted their stuff for the judges hoping to capture their eye .
the action , which was also reported yesterday by major japanese news organizations and foreign media , marks the first time that japan has barred the import of korean made electronics , korea s major export item .
chocolate ganache dipped devil s food cupcakes injected and topped with delicately and variously flavored whipped cream .
the project has grown to include a new wheelchair accessible boardwalk .
the men , four aged , , and , who all come from the huyton area , a year old man from formby and an year old man from litherland remain in police custody .
the tour continues in dublin on saturday .
federal officials are pushing ahead with an experimental auction of takeoff and landing times at new york city area airports
and that it was unpleasantly surprised to learn that this was not the case . david cerny bears full responsibility for not fulfilling his assignment and promise , said alexandr vondra , deputy prime minister .
many in hong kong donated money and supplies to the demonstrators .
space shuttle atlantis is set to capture the hubble space telescope on its robot arm at midday , miles above the earth .
hundreds of argentines took to the streets of the capital , where they banged pots and pans in support of the striking growers , who are protesting an increase in export taxes for their products .
police said that of the six cars in that train , the doors were open on only two of them .
zambian and chinese dance troupes performed outside .
its return has only served to underline the cultural influence exerted by the year old winfrey who , earlier this year , became the first black woman ever to make forbes magazine s list of global billionaires .
the decision immediately triggered the resignation of popular foreign and defense minister jose ramos horta .
balco has been at the center of a long running professional sports steroid scandal , including allegations against baseball home run king barry bonds .
the korea times reports tens of thousands of citizens on monday held rallies at the square in front of seoul city hall and several other locations in seoul to protest the government s move to abolish the national security law , a symbol of anti communism at the center of an escalating ideological conflict .
the principal was shot dead monday .
the us voted against the plan , saying the reforms did not go far enough , but pledged to work with the new council .
the liverpool skipper did not react when the lighter was hurled at him by marseille fans as he went to take a corner at the away end of the ground .
security chiefs said the group believed to be planning the attack had been under surveillance for some time .
the delivery is part of a new deal signed by u . s . , u . n . , and north korean officials and others , which gives outsiders including the u . n . world food program much greater access to the country .
the report will be discussed by the agency s nation board and is expected to be approved as early as monday , paving the way for the beginning of the iaea mission overseeing the shutdown and eventual dismantling of the yongbyon facility .
turnout has been brisk in iraq
hanuman is one of the most popular gods in the crowded pantheon of hindu deities .
she paid more than . million in taxes that year , according to the returns .
he who misses this war misses the opportunity of a lifetime and gets deprived of the reward , he said in the video .
the th century rosslyn chapel , about seven miles south of the scottish capital edinburgh , featured in the last part of dan brown s the da vinci code one of the most successful novels of all time which has been turned into a hollywood film .
the crew members were rescued after their panamanian registered cargo ship started to sink , the xinhua news agency reported monday .
earlier this year , the singer denied being involved romantically with new york yankees baseball player alex rodriguez .
for travelers feeling smothered by mexico city s claustrophobic chaos , fresh air and wide open spaces are not far away .
alston acknowledged a higher number of killings in recent years was due to the government s drive to wipe out the rebels , but dismissed the inner purge theory as unconvincing , saying it relied on old and fabricated data .
mary kate has huge energy , he says .
the riots began sunday night , after two teenagers on a motorcycle were killed in a collision with a police car in the town of villiers le bel , the val d oise police prefecture reported late monday .
as time runs out for the us korea free trade agreement , seoul and washington began their fifth round of free trade negotiations in the u . s . state of montana , faced with the challenge of making progress in sensitive areas such as agriculture , pharmaceuticals and tariff rates .
the survey , carried out from the end of february through early april , randomly sampled public servants , office workers and students .
the women were included in the iowa women s health study from through .
he was speaking a day before the un nuclear watchdog meets in vienna .
tehran , iran cnn iran has expelled a german diplomat for undiplomatic behavior , the foreign ministry said sunday .
on the main korea stock exchange , the banking sector sub index rose . percent to . point , outperforming the . percent gain of the benchmark korea composite stock price index .
the wounded child , a year old girl , was taken to a hospital in rockford , illinois , where she was reported in critical condition late saturday , hospital officials said .
beckham watched nervously as madrid rallied for the win before pointing up to his wife victoria and friends tom cruise and katie holmes , who were sitting in the stands .
the commercial will also run on univision , bet , msnbc and tv one .
this year s nominees are kenny chesney , brad paisley , rascal flatts , george strait and keith urban the same lineup as last year when chesney won , except that brooks dunn were in the mix instead of strait .
china is the host of the six party talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program , along with russia , south korea , japan and the u . s .
he called on hamas to apologize for the fighting in gaza and to hand government offices to the new palestinian leaders .
which typically means that few significant laws are passed
the position comes with an incense filled office , a desk and a laptop computer .
wall street is on the move , up .
crossing through a tunnel to start the journey , a military outpost greets travelers with a slogan proclaiming , we will fight forever for kim jong il .
athens , greece cnn the wildfires that have scorched southern greece , killing dozens of people , reached the ancient city of olympia , birthplace of the olympic games , an official said sunday .
i am very proud to endorse my friend and fellow republican a hero john mccain , giuliani said at the ronald reagan presidential library in simi valley california , two hours before the republican presidential candidates were to face each other in their final debate before the super tuesday contests next week .
details
the tsa stopped short of banning the toys in carry on bags but suggested travelers place them in checked luggage .
hillary clinton on wednesday reiterated her vow to stay in the democratic presidential race , but she said it would be a terrible mistake for her supporters to vote for john mccain over barack obama .
torres said she was wearing the same clothes as when she was last seen buying soda from a store in batad town , not far from the grave site .
the thing i just kept hearing from every account of dylan was about this life of serial change , in a way far more profound to a culture than david bowie s different chameleonlike changes or madonna s that would come decades later .
describing it as a massive leap forward , gamble said the investigation involved agencies from countries . investigators made the case public after the sentencing of ringleader timothy david martyn cox on monday .
extra vigilance is necessary as the months pass to prevent a depression , experts warned , pointing out the importance of looking for the best in life .
authorities detained members of the french charity , zoe s ark , in october as they tried to fly children from chad to france .
david kellerman s body was found early this morning , and police are calling it an apparent suicide
his international efforts have earned him the title of united nations messenger of peace .
taliban militants kidnapped south korean volunteer workers on july when they were traveling on a bus from kabul to kandahar .
at the base of the island , as many as , pairs of ad eacute
shops opened on monday for the first time since the disaster , and fishermen are selling their catch in the town s market .
kim claimed lee had used phony residential addresses for property speculation .
he has pleaded not guilty to the charges if convicted he faces life imprisonment .
in december , president bush signed the energy independence and security act , which included a provision calling for congress to pass legislation opening access to domestic energy sources such as the outer continental shelf and the arctic national wildlife refuge , according to a fact sheet
in publicity material issued to promote the film , itv had said it ends with moving scenes as malcolm pointon , the subject of the documentary , passes away .
fighting around the coastal nahr al bared camp has been simmering on and off for about eight weeks , but flared thursday as fresh army reinforcements were brought into the area as part of a final assault , the source said .
kloza also said reducing demand is one of the best ways of lowering gas prices .
let s get the story live from the white house from the ap s mark smith .
president barack obama , meanwhile , has picked a former shuttle commander to head the space agency .
on a day of upsets , fifth seeded chilean fernando gonzalez followed roddick out of the tournament and the pair were later joined at the exit by another american , eighth seed james blake .
the unusual heavy rain caused huge material losses to the dprk , creating unprecedented difficulties in people s living and economic construction , the official kcna news agency said .
avian flu is just one of the tests our laboratory will be carrying out to try and establish the cause of this respiratory infection , watson said in a written statement .
i was asked to participate in a project funded by the dod to create the perfect mirror , fink told cnn .
here s our brian thomas
his five year presidential term expires in november and he is seeking to retain his position as president and army chief .
posted a video of a quirky performance of the days of christmas on youtube .
included in the report was a list of governments and private companies who had broken the un trade embargo on iraq .
calling the two inter korean business projects symbols of peace and stability on the korean peninsula , roh went on to denounce conservative groups , including the main opposition grand national party gnp , for opposing the government s engagement policies toward the stalinist state .
they did the right thing , joseph han , a strategist at daewoo securities co . in seoul , said of the fed s aggressive cut .
mccain took the offensive in the hofstra university debate , reflection of obama s lead in a growing number of polls .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id for people seeking u . s . passports , faster service is getting slower .
don t get me wrong , though . i was really shocked and happy lucy said i actually blushed when i heard the news .
jerry bodlander , capitol hill .
old bills will be in circulation indefinitely and can be exchanged for new notes at any bank without the need for personal identification .
washington state man has solved the mystery of a meow ing couch .
all businesses in jamaica were closed sunday and a curfew , imposed saturday evening , remains in effect , the police commissioner said .
most of the victims died from smoke inhalation or were trampled in a rush to get out of the club .
that s down from the end of , when even higher metal prices drove the penny s cost to . cents , according to the mint .
today , president barack obama begins his mission to bring change to the country
the head of iraqi forces in falluja said they had found slaughterhouses where hostages had been held and killed , along with records of victims .
these two dogs , lucky and flo , have been so successful , they have attracted death threats from malaysian criminals .
currently , spouses surviving their partners are entitled to shares of the inheritance in accordance with the number of their children .
bush administration had set its red line attempts by north korea to transfer nuclear materials to a third country , and promised to deal with such attempts immediately and severely .
the plane s cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder have arrived at the ntsb laboratory in washington , the agency said , and are being evaluated .
more worrisome is that only about , year old juvenile chinooks used to predict returns of adult spawners in the coming season returned to the central valley last year .
koizumi called the snap ballot after parliament blocked his plans to privatize japan s post office the centerpiece of his economic reform proposals .
venice , built around a network of canals and small islands , has for years been trying to tackle the problem of floods that have regularly blighted the city .
australian police have detained an indian doctor over the failed car bombings in the united kingdom , and have been speaking to another doctor .
segolene royal , the socialist who lost her presidential race against sarkozy last spring , said france was punishing sarkozy for the rising cost of living and meager increases in pensions , among other issues .
that was then , this is now . good luck to her .
president bush has always relied on solid republican support for his iraq policy .
north korea did not give a date for its test , which was announced on state tv , but said it would boost security in the face of us military hostility .
yangon , myanmar cnn united nations secretary general ban ki moon is to send a special envoy to myanmar amid reports of several deaths in clashes between security forces and thousands of protesters led by buddhist monks .
deputy prime minister and finance economy minister kwon o kyu has arranged a series of meetings with business editors and editorial writers next week .
iran is ruled by a shiite muslim government hostile to the fundamentalist sunni al qaeda .
during sunday s event , schlossberg appeared with shriver , obama s wife , michelle , and talk show host oprah winfrey .
the cnn opinion research corporation poll was conducted by telephone from friday through sunday , with , americans questioned , including registered democrats who said they support clinton and registered democrats who said they back obama .
the year old aiko , masako and naruhito s only child , cannot ascend the throne under current law , and plans to revise the law were shelved after hisahito s birth .
blair said on wednesday that the remaining troops in southern iraq would be responsible for securing stretches of iraq s frontier with western iran .
i expect that the issue on cuba is going to continue to be an issue between us , rice said on her first visit to spain as secretary of state .
more than percent of registered voters must cast their ballots for a referendum to be binding .
zadroga s father , joseph zadroga , said his son also suffered from sarcoidosis and that he and others should be added to the list of victims .
on monday , four mobile providers in the asia pacific region announced partnerships with apple to bring the iphone to their regions later this year .
most video game companies would frown on people manipulating their games , said garth chouteau , a spokesman for popcap .
barack obama and hillary clinton , respectively the top democratic campaigns are bringing in hundreds of extra staff and volunteers to nevada .
blair is due to make a statement about the , british troops serving in iraq in the house of commons .
so how green is this computer ?
gul , who as foreign minister helped turkey win eu accession talks status in , is the first politician with a background in political islam to become president in mainly muslim but constitutionally secular turkey , over the army s opposition .
prices remain supported by concerns that a turkish incursion into iraq in search of kurdish rebels could disrupt crude supplies .
seoul , south korea ap deadly space laser aside , some south koreans are finding another aspect of the latest james bond flick hard to swallow its depiction of neighboring north korea as a diabolically evil regime and the whole korean peninsula as a backward underling to western saviors .
revenge fantasies are normal , says jeffrey kaye , a san francisco psychologist who specializes in couples counseling .
savepolaroid . com has about , members
the us , which has had a military presence in south korea since the end of world war ii , currently has about , troops in the country , to complement the south s own force .
it s safe , tourist friendly and comparatively cheap for anyone coming from north america or western europe .
you ll likely see the glaciers calving where sections of them crack and float away or crumble into the sea .
but the associated press , quoting an unnamed police official , is reporting that investigators have determined it was not the missing child .
omar one of bin laden s children raised a tabloid storm last year when he married the year old british woman , jane felix browne , who changed her name to zaina alsabah .
maybe barney , the presidential dog , is a lot like his master
the election sapped support from the fringes including jean marie le pen s once influential extreme right national front and the socialists farther left allies and leaves france facing a parliament tilted unusually well to the right .
the korea development institute , in its september monthly report , said that the core problem of the korean economy is that it has no powerful industry to propel it to prosperity in the years ahead .
rain was interviewed by the u . s . magazine mid march .
the committee will investigate fossella s arrest in alexandria , virginia , on may , when police say he was pulled over after running a red light and registered a blood alcohol level of . percent
immigration officials say the bureau plans to store the data for a long time , without saying how long .
other than the bears , the steelers are probably the team that s closest to my heart .
seoul international high school , which is located in myeongnyun dong , jongno district , will conduct most classes in english , and every student will reside in dormitory halls , according to officials at the seoul metropolitan office of education .
and there needs to be .
le monde newspaper reported that the video showed several hooded men attack deby as he drove into the garage shortly before a . m . gmt on monday .
rep . paul gillmor of ohio was found dead in his apartment in the nation s capital wednesday , leadership aides for both the republican and democratic parties said . gillmor , a republican , was .
new mexico gov . bill richardson is withdrawing his nomination to be commerce secretary , citing the distraction of a federal investigation into ties to a company that has done business with his state .
wwf officials said they planned to relocate several of the rhinos in the park to another part of indonesia in the hope that they breed .
perhaps you ve seen wang zhi zhi , the big bopper from beijing , drain a for the dallas mavericks .
whatever your position in that debate , one unmistakable legacy of vietnam is that the price of america s withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , whose agonies would add to our vocabulary new terms like boat people , re education camps and killing fields , the president said .
profits in , adjusted for inflation , look likely to set records .
the kenyan red cross says the violence has claimed at least lives and driven , from their homes since incumbent kenyan president mwai kibaki claimed the december election over orange democratic movement leader raila odinga .
the federal reserve has held benchmark u . s . interest rates steady and , while nodding to a recent easing in core inflation , restated that inflation remained its top concern .
clinton is locked in a neck and neck race with illinois sen . barack obama .
defense secretary robert gates is in the middle east , trying to reassure allies about america s efforts to improve relations with iran .
whidbeycamanoislands . com .
aso was responding to a question posed by an opposition lawmaker on how the japanese government aimed to solve the issue of north korea s kidnapping of japanese civilians who were taken to be trained as spies in the s and the s .
kosovo s push for independence has been a major factor in the serbian presidential race .
and like harry s family at the time , readers don t know if his most recent update will be his last .
but this is not the first time brutality in shanxi s brick industry has stirred their concern .
in this disko bay town , the world s iceberg capital , the harbor is now open year round because winter is no longer cold enough to freeze it solid .
political analysts say there is a high chance the election will be a four way competition in that context , but the key point is whether the two gnp contenders lee myung bak and park geun hye will join forces in the end to win the election over the center left forces .
a good starting point is florence s cathedral , the duomo piazza del duomo , which dominates the city s skyline .
meanwhile , iran s top nuclear negotiator told global security officials meeting in munich , germany , that his country did not pose a nuclear threat to any nation , the associated press reported . full story
shortly afterward , repossi said fayed telephoned to say that he needed this ring for the end of august because at the beginning of september their engagement would be announced .
days later , the men were observed mixing a massive amount of explosive materials that german authorities said could have resulted in a stronger explosion than the terror attacks in madrid in and london in .
stone , whose film opens october less than three weeks before the november presidential election said he was fascinated by bush , a bum at the age of years old .
aziz said to preventative arrests had been made so far , and said the emergency , imposed by general musharraf on saturday , would last for as long as is necessary .
the woman underwent surgery to remove the mass of black , curly hair , which weighed pounds and measured inches by inches by inches , the doctors said .
the retired transit worker said he was suddenly whipped around and saw one of the dogs , ginger , being swallowed by the sweeper s round bristles .
the former south korean foreign minister is the organization s eighth leader and succeeds kofi annan , who was at the helm for years .
france has agreed to send a battalion of troops to eastern afghanistan , a nato spokesman has said .
the place is incredibly quiet , even in the high season .
the second round of ticket sales has just been launched , and applicants will be randomly allocated seats .
there was an exchange of fire , they said , but there were no casualties on the lebanese side .
said commerzbank strategist ralf groenemeyer in frankfurt .
the european union has already said it will seek wto intervention .
in his weekly radio and internet address , obama says he will fight the lobbies and others who oppose his . trillion budget .
and third gold medal in succession
clarence house , where prince harry lives with his father prince charles and his brother prince william , declined to confirm the report , saying it doesn t comment about the royals private lives .
the office complex was purchased by lone star s star tower subsidiary , c j trading , which had been incorporated for more than five years when the transaction was made .
israeli military strikes have killed palestinians , including seven in northern gaza and three in southern gaza , palestinian security sources say .
the white house has announced the president will host a global summit on the meltdown november th .
a total of states will hold nominating contests on super tuesday .
a police source at swat province s special branch of police said there were dead and to people injured in the blast , which occurred in minora , swat s capital .
juventus ace trezeguet has been left out in the cold by france coach raymond domenech since september and was omitted from the original selection .
yesterday the joong ang ilbo reports the same plaza was filled with balloons , music , clowns and teenagers showing off their hip hop dance moves .
pyongyang calls the allegations a smear campaign .
he said technology being developed for iran s civilian nuclear power program could be used to enrich uranium for use in weapons , and that iran is continuing to develop ballistic missiles .
most people s sex lives are not as exciting as other people think they are .
football is like this , we have to be strong to face it .
the washington pyongyang rendezvous drew immense interest from international and local press , with dozens of reporters stationed in front of the north korean embassy for hours under the scorching sun waiting for the north s delegation to emerge . a dangerous minute car chase ensued on the streets of beijing in the afternoon from the north korean embassy to the venue of the bilateral talks as the delegation s cars tried to shake off the throngs of press vehicles .
th commission report to be released thursday suggests iran may have facilitated the attacks by providing eight to al qaida hijackers with safe passage to and from terrorist training camps in afghanistan .
only one case of autism was found when testing the brain function of children years after thousands of healthy italian babies got two different amounts of the preservative in a study of whooping cough vaccine .
fujian province has issued warnings of possible mud and rock slides .
interviews are nothing if not opportunities to drive yourself crazy .
new york cnn gleaning stem cells from cloned monkey embryos , as a team of oregon researchers has done , is an impressive step .
memphis , tennessee cnn a woman was found dead near graceland on wednesday as thousands of fans filled the tourism complex to mark the th anniversary of elvis presley s death .
establish a set of steps to help you reach your goal .
her father , captain mark phillips , won a gold medal at the munich games .
the seoul central district prosecutors office said monday that it had begun probing eight peer to peer sites at the request of the coalition of anti piracy in the korean movie industry .
a chartered aircraft carrying a total of tourists and crew members , including south koreans , was missing in a mountainous region of southern cambodia early monday .
doumar applied the death on the high seas act , which permits compensation for economic losses but not for pain and suffering .
a claim by a local television broadcaster that former president kim dae jung has an illegitimate daughter , who for years was looked after by spy agency operatives , was rejected as baseless yesterday by kim s aides .
but for an estimated million people , the annual trek is a critical opportunity to see family and the vast majority travel by train .
those who did had a particular kind of brain protein gene .
the defense department said last week it would begin killing the eastern gray kangaroos at the abandoned military site outside canberra after a proposal to truck them to remote forest land proved too costly .
laboratory teams on two continents report success in a pair of landmark papers released tuesday .
more than three quarters , percent , of respondents in a cnn essence magazine opinion research corp . poll said the country is ready to be led by an african american , up percentage points since december .
according to the return , obama and his wife , michelle , earned over , in and paid , on the income .
about , more customers in scattered parts of los angeles also were without power , los angeles department of water and power spokeswoman maryanne piersen said .
in a video posted on his web site , starr says he will no longer sign fan mail or memorabilia .
the high profile four day tour comes as anger grows in washington about the size of its trade deficit with china .
the investigation remains the entire responsibility of the relevant authorities , and it would be inappropriate for airbus to enter into any form of speculation into the cause of the accident , the airbus statement said .
pad officials have rejected the warning and vowed to continue their demonstration which has not stopped since it began last sunday .
obama joining some big and little kids in the oval office to chat with the crews of the space station and the space shuttle discovery
evidence found in computers seized in a raid over the weekend suggests that venezuelan president hugo chavez recently gave the leftist revolutionary armed forces of colombia million , colombia s national police chief said monday .
the ministry of maritime affairs and fisheries said that wednesday it has asked deep sea fishermen in the gulf to take precautionary steps against a possible terror attack , including emergency communication networks and limitation from alighting from vessels . , from last week the government was preparing for possible terror attacks on airplanes and overseas vessels , in response to threats from an islamic terrorist group which allegedly threatened to attack ships delivering u . s . military equipment to iraq , putting south korean shipping firms on high alert .
this inauguration in particular being a momentous one , more and more people would want to be there , and more and more people would want to do something to improve their appearance on a quick fix type of basis .
ethnic albanians make up the majority of the population in kosovo , which remains a province of serbia .
we don t know if these people didn t just find these items lying around .
the japanese government has been spreading the name in a bid to distract other countries from the name of dokdo and make them perceive the islets as a disputed area .
nobody mentions it , but i m sure wildlife is disappearing there .
clinton had had one more year in office , the nuclear and missile issues would have been resolved , and an era of peace would have descended upon the korean peninsula , said kim dae jung , in an apparent criticism of the administration of george w . bush .
i will say what i want and he will say what he wants .
we think north korea is trying to gain leverage ahead of the talks , south korea s top security adviser , ra jong il , was quoted by his office as saying .
the group s second album produced a top hit , the aural assault of and is . and love s third lp , forever changes , is considered one of rock s finest albums .
while airbus is likely to be buoyed by delays to boeing s rival creation a jet promising faster , more environmentally friendly flights orders for the dreamliner aircraft are now in excess of from customers .
in fact , the major wrangling appears to be over how much to fight a global recession with big spending packages .
imports also hit a record high for the second month on higher oil and raw materials prices and climbed to . billion , rising . percent over last year .
paramedics checked the baby at the scene but found no injuries .
baghdad , iraq cnn dozens of people picking up cylinders of cooking gas were victims of a suicide car bomb attack tuesday morning in the northern iraqi city of baiji .
christopher hill , the top u . s . nuclear envoy who just visited pyongyang , said there were some differences over the nuclear declaration and that the six nation talks , expected later this week , now seem unlikely to open this month .
educators and parents have expressed worries over the reform plan , saying it would only raise household spending on private education .
the court had criticized prosecutors for using pre trial detention as a form of punishment .
but researchers for the american society for microbiology found that only percent actually do , when it comes to public restrooms .
we know that if we do not act , a bad situation will become dramatically worse .
the government has calculated that creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country would cost too much .
to secure its own business environment for tomorrow , the organization reviews every aspect of the operations and decided to focus on the core business functions such as the manufacturing system , environment technologies , and development of new generation powertrains . as a result , suzuki concluded to suspend the wrc activities from .
the korea times reports north korea has shut down its nuclear facilities in yongbyon as part of a disarmament deal .
i just wanted to get through the dinner and say i had dinner with steven spielberg , and he gets excited , seinfeld said .
we acknowledge that there is great public sensitivity surrounding pictures of the victims and these have not been included , the broadcaster said .
british rising star andy murray claimed his second successive masters series title on sunday , beating surprise package gilles simon in straight sets in madrid to follow up his shock semifinal win over former world no . roger federer .
if the memorandum of understanding mou on the u . s . visa waiver program for koreans is signed on the occasion of my visit , exchanges in the human resources field will take place he said .
world trade liberalization talks known as the doha round have dragged on for more than six years and are now said to have reached a crucial stage .
the times capped germany international was officially left out because of his injury , but the tabloid reports ballack has agreed a , euro deal with real .
the . mb floppy might survive longer than we think , but by the traditional floppy , superfloppies such as the zip , and even cd burners will disappear as dvd burners become stock items .
remnants of prohibition survive today in the form of state owned liquor stores and local laws that , for example , prevent sales of alcohol on sundays or in grocery stores .
eighteen musicals , from hairspray to the producers to the lion king , are dark through sunday and possibly beyond , the first shutdown of shows in more than years .
the smartest guys in the room was released , based on a book of the same title by fortune reporters bethany mclean and peter elkind . click here for an excerpt
further , japan s corporate codgers had trouble keeping up with biotech s dizzying pace
al zawahiri does not reference the recent terrorism incidents in the united kingdom in the video .
a law enforcement source close to the investigation said a . caliber handgun and a mm handgun were recovered at the scene .
police say the boy was kept chained to a fireplace .
but the world govering body said it was satisfied that armstrong could take part .
now there s no getting away from it .
democrats hillary clinton and barack obama were locked in a near dead heat two days before the biggest presidential voting so far while john mccain tried to nail down the republican nomination for the white house .
president roh moo hyun instructed the administration on tuesday to take measures to eliminate the legacy of japan s colonial rule of korea , the korea times quoted chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo as saying .
stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was also sought by the fbi in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of .
a study says the air force offers the best chance for employment , with percent of the jobs open to women .
tani was supposed to return to earth in december aboard atlantis , but his trip home was delayed because of problems with the fuel gauges in the shuttle s external tank .
portugal s current legislation places it in a minority in the european union with poland , ireland and malta , where faith has also trumped political activism .
the violence broke out after anti u . s . demonstrators broke through riot police lines late friday afternoon to try to cut down the fences .
a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate already tops million .
weeks after his november resignation , the u . s . securities and exchange commission filed a civil fraud lawsuit against black , as well as hollinger international s former deputy chairman and chief operating officer , david radler , and hollinger international .
the report of the house of commons international development committee said britain should work with the united nations to ensure that the aid reached the refugees themselves and did not benefit the burmese military government .
a taliban spokesman told cnn the government is lying and that both men have been killed .
in conventional surgery for lung cancer , the surgeon makes a six to inch incision on the chest and spreads the patient s ribs open to gain access to the lung .
the sanctions approved in december banned all countries from supplying iran with materials and technology that could contribute to its nuclear and missile programs and froze the iranian assets of key companies and individuals related to those programs .
in south korea , ucc user created content is synonymous with amateur online videos .
only through the conversion of hearts , only through a change in the depths of our hearts can the cause of all this evil be overcome .
twenty eight people in this village of have died over the last years from cancer a rate much higher than the rest of country .
they are trying to persuade iran to give up its most sensitive technology , which could be used to generate electricity or make bombs , in exchange for incentives .
president bush s aides are lying about white house e mails sent on a republican account that might have been lost , senate judiciary committee chairman patrick leahy suggested thursday , vowing to subpoena those documents if the administration fails to cough them up .
last month , a judge ordered spears to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol .
some gave fiery speeches while others just stood quietly by the tomb in a large mausoleum in the tigris river village of ouja the small hamlet just outside tikrit where saddam was born .
the patrol officer was passing the pont de l alma tunnel in paris at a . m . , moments after the couple s mercedes crashed , and was flagged down by passers by .
howard pledged billions of dollars in tax cuts and launched a web video on climate change .
sao paulo , brazil cnn naomi campbell has been hospitalized in sao paulo and is being treated by one of brazil s top specialists in infectious disease , the hospital s press office said tuesday .
the paris relay started to go wrong almost from the start , despite the presence of , police along the route , riding motorcycles , jogging or on skates .
if the price sounds unappealing , then shoppers also have to overcome the unusual method of cultivation , which sees the coffee beans harvested from the faeces of an indonesian jungle cat .
a judge in niagara falls , new york , has apologized for jailing nearly four dozen people over a ringing mobile phone in his courtroom , his attorney said wednesday .
prior to her birth , he released a photo showing his bearded face and pregnant belly .
ford says it has completed tender offers that will reduce its debt by percent , and shave millions of dollars off its interest costs .
her trial is to begin next month .
the latest exchange comes as a new poll suggests mccain would pose a tough match for the eventual democratic nominee .
in a survey of major industrial sectors , the kcci said low priced chinese textile goods will continue to erode the market share of korean players in the coming months , while higher oil prices will also weigh down on their already slim margins .
police already have the power to stop and search people but have no right to ask them their identity and movements .
the infant , ana marie , remains hospitalized .
critics say soldiers accused of crimes are not given defendants rights to the extent they are guaranteed in civilian cases .
this is based on the international gsm mobile standard .
the official death toll rose to sunday when a seriously burned man on the island of evia died in a hospital .
i am very touched when you sing about che , castro told chavez during his call to chavez s alo , presidente ! program referring to revolutionary icon ernesto che guevara , to whom the program was dedicated .
we want to use this to sequence the dna from museum specimens and therefore help to understand the evolution of species by using museum collections that date back several hundred years , schuster said .
these quick trips have traditionally been to restaurants or local factories where obama often meets with workers during shift changes .
britain s department of health said the written warnings which include the simple phrase , smoking kills
subsequent generations started favoring words and names they were familiar with but didn t have a good understanding of .
after months of successive heat waves , heavy rainstorms flooded parts of northern greece on sunday .
chelsea pulled one back on minutes as deco s shot was only parried out to captain john terry , who tapped in from close range with roma appealing for handball .
mitchell said there is a surveillance tape of the girl in the l arche restaurant and madeleine s parents are hoping to be able to use it to determine if it is their missing daughter .
ochi yosuke received the highest score from a panel of judges in the final late friday at the teatria rock club in oulu , near the arctic circle .
the french couple then traveled to windsor , outside london , where they were greeted by queen elizabeth and the duke of edinburgh before being taken to the castle in a state carriage procession .
perhaps what was most striking about thursday s nominations for the th annual golden globes wasn t what received a nomination , but what didn t .
there were so many wounded that ambulances struggled to get them all to hospital .
the alaska governor heading off to the republican governors conference in florida this week , and keeping her options open about maybe running for president in
the university and police are still in the process of releasing the names of the people killed in monday s shootings .
maybe , according to a new study , which found that men find women sexier if they re sporting a crimson hue rather than , say , blue or green .
it s not likely that prices will go back to as low as we re used to , said abdolreza abbassian , economist and secretary of the intergovernmental group for grains for the u . n . food and agriculture organization . currently if you re in haiti , unless the government is subsidizing consumers , consumers have no choice but to cut consumption .
in , a british man hung a sign over a highway telling his wife he wanted a divorce .
taiwan s president , chen shui bian , made unusually strong pro independence remarks sunday in a message apparently aimed at provoking rival china and shoring up his base .
senior hamas official mahmoud al zahar also gave a televised address monday , saying the leadership in gaza salutes the resistance men and that their actions were justified because of what israel has done . they israeli forces shelled everyone in gaza .
darpa , the defense advanced research projects agency , a subsection of the dod , specialize in technologies they believe are about years away from being realized and try to make them happen in five years time .
the united states is pushing japan to suspend its hunt of humpback whales , and the american ambassador to tokyo said wednesday an agreement to stop it may have already been reached .
she was the only major candidate on the ballot .
falun gong has been drawing attention in the west for the last two years .
her mother relies on her help
after the time consuming process , the last passenger was rescued past midnight saturday , nearly hours after the accident was reported to police earlier in the day , fuseya said .
he served as the al qaeda media emir for baghdad and then was appointed the media emir for all of iraq , said brig . gen . kevin j . bergner , multi national force iraq spokesman , who briefed reporters .
the apartment building is located in the sirinevler neighborhood of istanbul , near the airport .
in his last visit to the state before voters go to the polls , mccain said , the pundits have written me off just like they ve done four or five times in the past . . . .
the three women and one man from the latest group to be freed were said to be hugely relieved at their release .
in iraq , he said civilians were massacred in cold blood , while relief workers , journalists and others were taken hostage and put to death in the most barbarous fashion .
the latest improvements , many believe , far surpass even the very best of what the consoles are capable of .
with , american lives lost and thousands injured , many of them permanently , americans are asking how much longer must our troops continue to sacrifice for the sake of an iraqi government that is unwilling or unable to secure its own future , said pelosi , d california .
gonu was expected to make landfall on the iranian coast just east of the strait of hormuz late thursday , according to a tracking map posted on the joint typhoon warning center s web site .
avoid offering personal details that can be controversial or have no relevance to the position , such as political and religious beliefs or stories about a recent break up .
there s really no excuse for making bogey that way , she said .
i told her not to bother , that it wouldn t make much of a difference , says her daughter , edythe london , a professor of psychiatry and pharmacology at the university of california , los angeles . on the basis of what i ve read , i don t think it staves off dementia .
back in , he told children at edwards air force base to aim high
america s thousand troops in south korea are mostly a symbolic guarantee of u . s . involvement in any conflict .
us president george w bush described the news as a severe blow to al qaeda and justice for zarqawi .
as we approach a new century , we also find ourselves on the frontier of a new world .
connor cruise shot his part over two days more than a month ago , playing smith as a young man and mostly shown in photographs .
we think it s inadequate , fitton said .
it was a combination of relief and sadness really , she told the ap .
it s also true that the manager always has an important role to play . it was a great season for me and for my club , and the coach was important for me because i learned a lot for him , he said .
some people are scared to discover the process is running faster than the models , said konrad steffen , a glaciologist at university of colorado at boulder and a greenland expert who serves on a u . s . government advisory committee on abrupt climate change .
half of the top ten metro areas are in california .
folks in mobile , alabama , will be needing a pretty big roc cola to go along with a massive moon pie , planned for new year s eve .
president george w . bush said wednesday he will nominate robert zoellick to be the th president of the world bank , replacing paul wolfowitz , who was forced to step down . he s deeply devoted to the mission of the world bank
two delivery workers for the grand rapids press were killed sunday morning after their car fell into a deep ravine created when a rain swollen creek washed out a road , the newspaper reported on its web site .
wolju also was forced to step down .
not just so they won t grow up to be psychopaths , but because guilt , say the experts , makes you less inclined to cheat , steal , or do drugs .
the year old actress said the audience will be seeing a lot of her in the really dark , scary film .
everybody talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it .
darwin made headlines in december when he walked into a london police station claiming to have amnesia .
washington s top nuclear negotiator has indicated the united states is prepared to sign a peace treaty with north korea as part of a deal to resolve the current security standoff .
it proved an uphill battle .
durani also said that it is ridiculous to point fingers without any reason .
a long standing aversion to the u . s . enemy is very much alive among ordinary north koreans and the pyongyang government , under kim jong il , knows how to keep the hatred burning by constant reminders of the u . s . threat .
shouting as he was dragged to the floor , the reporter called his shoe throwing a farewell kiss to a dog who launched the invasion of iraq .
flight controllers prefer landings at kennedy space center because of cost and schedule .
as if that was not bad enough , didier drogba and claude makelele had also joined terry , michael ballack , andriy shevchenko and wayne bridge on a growing injury list on saturday .
a young mother who may have been depressed apparently hanged three of her small daughters and herself in a closet using pieces of clothing and sashes , authorities said tuesday .
when she was rescued from the charred soyuz vehicle on the kazahkstan steppe , yi looked so exhausted that she was not able to walk by herself .
the us coalition says an overnight raid killed taliban militants in afghanistan , but village elders say the dead were civilians .
pakistani president , gen pervez musharraf , has been criticized for failing to clamp down on the mosque s activities .
in an addendum to the main agreement , north korea also would acknowledge concerns about its proliferation and uranium enrichment activities and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities , the officials said .
such an incident should not occur , as the airport area has tight security .
you could go and if you were in the club , arrange a time and a place when online you could view a child being raped and brutalized in real time , he said .
when freud , the father of psychoanalysis suggested that our behavior is not always ruled by our conscious thoughts , nor is it always in our best interests , he formed the basis of the idea that individuals can be curious about themselves and make a study of their own minds .
but the trendiest british weddings are now at least metaphorically green as couples seek to reduce the impact of their nuptials on the environment .
we strongly encourage our athletes to participate in opening ceremonies , seibel said . it is a tremendous honor to walk into the olympic stadium behind the flag of your nation , and to do so in a ceremony honoring and celebrating athletes from around the world .
the disabling project has been going well at three sections of north korea s yongbyon complex , hill said wednesday , including its fuel fabrication facility , reactor and reprocessing center .
the pill helped more than million men get their groove back and blasted the topic of erectile dysfunction into the open .
more than were arrested , and several were badly beaten up by the baton wielding police including two journalists who were in critical condition the witnesses and sources said .
the gnp constitution requires the primary to take place sometime in june with some , people participating in the event .
because cruise ships are the biggest vessels to use the area regularly , their chains tend to cause a lot of the damage , said john bothwell , a research officer with the british caribbean territory s environment department .
world number monaco now plays american sam querrey , who upset th seed mikhail youzhny of russia .
the obama administration wants to promote dialogue with iran , but israel worries that could lead to greater tolerance for iran s nuclear ambitions .
lumingas , who works with the local sam ratulangi university , said it was extraordinary the fish survived for hours in a quarantined pool .
we will meet aggression and bad faith with resolve and strength .
diana suffered for years from this dracula family , al fayed said monday .
spears honks and the car lurches forward a few feet .
another photo shows her kneeling on the ground , her back to the camera , apparently before getting into the vehicle .
testifying before a congressional committee in washington , gen george casey said if the new iraqi constitution was rejected in a referendum in two weeks time , the situation could deteriorate .
the korea times reports that in a summit meeting in the laotian capital , president roh moo hyun and leaders of the member states of the association of southeast asian nations asean signed the joint declaration on comprehensive cooperation partnership between south korea and asean , which focuses on economic cooperation between the two sides .
his aides said chung seeks to save capitalism from the capitalists by enforcing rules and ensuring fair competition among small and large market players .
some are asking that daddy get a job or mommy get money they need to buy the house back .
hwang and his team received millions of dollars in state funding and private funding and charges could include fraud and embezzlement .
the celebratory mood also caught on with people in the city of miryang , south gyeongsang province , where some percent of secret sunshine was filmed .
bogota , colombia cnn preliminary dna tests indicate a year old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels , colombian officials announced friday .
we have two days to go .
we all face many common problems and challenges that must be addressed in partnership with other countries , including russia , said gates .
the two koreas agreed to resume stalled high level talks later this month , officials said on thursday , in the first concrete sign of easing tensions on the divided peninsula after the north signed a breakthrough disarmament agreement .
in life , fbi informant earnest gilbert so feared his fellow ku klux klansmen that he never had the courage to testify about the killings of two black teenagers . in death , his voice is finally being heard in a courtroom .
caretakers left two apples and other food that maomao enjoyed at the burial site , an engineer at the panda reserve center told cnn .
but others call it a bold stroke for latin america s financial independence .
just as it radioed the tower , the plane crashed into the suburb of masina , he said .
the newspaper reported that guns , home made bombs and extremist literature were found in the apartment .
the parents of a four year old british girl who disappeared while on a vacation with her family in portugal will be presented to pope benedict xvi at the pontiff s weekly general audience wednesday .
girardi said he was comfortable with matsui in right , and matsui said it was a matter of focus .
the flight was heading from southeastern turkish city of diyarbakir to istanbul , but landed at ankara s airport , where the suspect was detained .
animals on all fours can better handle the extra belly weight .
those groups have set off bombs in the south , but never in the capital .
other men in the group feel that women become very concerned about their appearance when they turn .
unfortunately , narcissism can also have very negative consequences for society , including the breakdown of close relationships with others , he said .
the research group s consumer confidence index is up points , its expectations index , which measures how shoppers feel about the economy down the road , has skyrocketed .
it will be deeper and longer than what many think , he added .
oil prices have nearly doubled from about a barrel a year ago , which goldman sees as a sign that the world is in the midst of a super spike in oil prices .
although parts of the amber room have resurfaced , the vast majority remains missing .
why did i do that and write the story with the girl and the apple , because i wanted to bring happiness to people , to remind them not to hate , but to love and tolerate all people . i brought good feelings to a lot of people , and i brought hope to many . my motivation was to make good in this world , he said in the statement .
especially through queenie , who runs a senior citizen home and is surrounded by it every day .
still , the house is likely to clear it by midweek , while key senate committees get to work .
rehnquist , who is , the leader of the court s conservative majority , is expected back on the bench next week .
russian media reported that for every person he killed , he placed a coin on a chess board and that he had been planning to cover all squares on the board .
she was well into her s when african american became the common reference in the united states .
, , he woke her up , paced at the bedside , and told me for the first time that the situation was much more serious than he had previously acknowledged .
in europe monday , the ftse fell by . percent to , and the french cac fell to , , losing . percent .
the prosecution launched a nationwide crackdown on illegal gambling last month and arrested representatives of companies that produced and distributed illegal arcade games , including the sea story .
machin said he yelled at the driver to stop , but the truck kept going .
at a campaign rally monday in reno , nevada , obama said he is concerned about the tenor the campaign has taken in the last couple days .
a second quake with a magnitude of . struck the same area about minutes later , and more aftershocks could follow , tamotsu aketagawa , an official who monitors earthquakes for the country s meteorological agency , told the associated press .
a heat wave in chicago was blamed for deaths .
jury selection begins may , and u . s . district judge henry t . wingate is deciding whether prosecutors can show the video clips during the trial .
she had hoped to find that alcohol might protect against such brain shrinkage .
according to the bank of korea bok , spending on overseas education and training recorded . billion in the first eight months of this year , marking a . percent year on year growth .
ap sports correspondent john clovercarver reports that plaxico burress apparently shot himself friday night
he took a spot in the opposition leader s side , and refused to look at kibaki as the president entered the chambers .
george w . bush on monday claimed the united states was exploring whether iran had a role in the terrorist attacks , a scenario discounted by the cia .
iraqi police also found and defused an explosive device in a van parked near an air base in central baghdad .
south korea has one of the lowest birthrates in the world , even below the average in industrialized countries , a united nations agency said yesterday in its world population report .
moto taxis , three wheeled motorbikes with a covered backseat for two , are mncora s primary form of transportation .
cnn a saudi arabian human rights attorney is asking the government to allow him to represent a woman who was gang raped and then sentenced to prison for speaking out about the case .
major consumer electronics companies unveiled dvd players in japan and north america in .
the british economic magazine economist has proposed that korea redenominate its currency to one won to one euro , according to the chosun ilbo .
they named him in honor of the next president .
the best way to see the privately owned virginia herd is aboard the pony express nature tour cruise .
a group of software online service companies and publishers are developing a technical standard for labeling information that is distributed on computer networks .
but michael caruso , padilla s defense attorney , said the prints on the form were not consistent with someone who filled out the document .
the fiscal shortfall is projected to be . billion , the governor s office said .
president elect obama says he knows turning the economy around will not be easy .
but snow on palm trees stole the show thursday .
the korea military academy allows dating between male and female cadets .
the ambassadorial job in tokyo has been vacant since yu myung hwan was chosen as foreign minister last week .
she is expected to speak today .
earlier this week , the united states said it was keeping stealth fighter jets in south korea after they arrived last month for a training exercise .
the reports were part of a flurry released wednesday by the federal election commission .
secretary general ban ki moon on friday designated actor and activist george clooney a u . n . messenger of peace .
how can i be expected to prove my innocence while usada endeavors to break their own rules at every turn ? i m infuriated by the behavior of usada and the french anti doping lab lnndd , he added .
among countries that use the euro , it raised its growth forecast for the first quarter from . to . .
an informant who helped break up an alleged plot to bomb a fuel pipeline feeding the city s busiest airport was so convincing to the suspects that they actually thanked god he was with them , federal authorities said .
the new restrictions ban military personnel from leaving their bases except for official business , work , worship or travel to and from off base housing .
the us has said it is willing to give north korea more time to act on its nuclear disarmament pledge after talks with japan on regional security issues .
according to kyodo , there was toilet cleaner and bath powder nearby , along with a sign outside that read , poisonous gas being emitted .
a hiker found the wreckage in california s sierra nevada , some miles from where the famed adventurer took off months ago .
i just ask people to be nice and avoid the fines , she said , noting that cafe owners who ignore the ban must pay up , too .
a powerful earthquake rattled vanuatu in the south pacific early thursday , causing cracks in roads and buildings and prompting brief evacuations due to tsunami fears , officials said .
even more extreme is the million that former defense contractor david h . brooks of long island reportedly spent in on his daughter s bat mitzvah .
after a tour of microsoft s headquarters , the software giant s founder bill gates will host a dinner for hu at his home .
royal and sarkozy have said they intend to continue much of chirac s popular foreign policy , particularly in the middle east , and will seek to give it their own twist .
rain in the east , some snow in the mid west and northern rockies pose travel troubles for motorists today the day millions of us are heading back home to close out the thanksgiving holiday weekend
the body was not immediately identified but the car was registered to the father of the year old girl , and the inquiry into the mother s whereabouts is now a homicide investigation , detective senior sergeant simon scott said .
raro is one of the world s rarest and most premium coffees .
woods has won six times in the chicago area four at cog hill , two in the pga championship at medinah . the only place where he has had more victories is the san diego area , where he has won eight times .
the korea times reports international financial experts say the government needs to scrap the plan to cap the flow of funds out of the country and permit more investment abroad . a move to control the flow of money could result in backpedaling from its commitment to the liberalization of foreign exchange transactions and other economic reforms , they warned .
the israeli cabinet has agreed to widen the country s ground offensive against hezbollah in southern lebanon .
the korea times reports south korea is aiming to wrap up talks with the united states on the relocation of the yongsan garrison in central seoul by as early as next month , according to a top foreign ministry official .
the breakthrough promises a plentiful new source of cells for use in research into new treatments for many diseases .
the opposition alliance of the democratic action party , the people s justice party and the islamic pan malaysian islamic party , or pas claimed seats , or percent .
picking on italians staple to draw attention to their cause , consumer groups called the one day pasta strike thursday , not against eating it , but against buying it .
boy , look at that , lloyd said as he approached the rubble . all this happens in a couple of minutes .
warlord mujahid dokubo asari , speaking to reuters during a break in the talks with president olusegun obasanjo , repeated his warning to foreign oil workers to leave the region , which pumps almost all of nigeria s . million barrels per day output , until a final deal was achieved .
indonesians appease mountain gods with sacrifices
in a summit last week in annapolis , maryland , abbas and israeli president ehud olmert agreed to work toward a palestinian state over the next year .
the pan government taskforce , headed by vice education minister kim young sik , will hold its first session at the central government complex in downtown seoul .
this experience give me insight into the university and the police department .
ordinary automobile license plates issued to drivers here and even most other vanity series plates carry both arabic and western numerals and script , defining the issuing city and country .
it would be a huge mistake if we become a protectionist nation .
journalist tom coghlan told cnn on sunday from kabul that he had witnessed a shift in nato battle tactics .
students at a south carolina school whose shoddy construction was highlighted by president barack obama are finding some big improvements today .
an albanian bodyguard who accompanied bush in the town told the associated press
the korea times reports about north korean refugees arrested in crackdowns by chinese police last month have been sent back to the north where they will likely face severe punishment for defection .
we are not this story s author , who fills time and eternity with his purpose .
the associated press also reported that the two women broke into tears after seeing international red cross officials at a u . s . base .
when her suv had to stop at a red light , photographers jumped out of their cars and surrounded it , the associated press reported .
critics say the deal effectively ceded the area to militants , and some u . s . military officials say it was followed by a rise in attacks in afghanistan .
no shortage of reading material on capitol hill today
it came after two researchers from hwang s team said the producers of pd notebook , mbc s investigative report program , used coercion , manipulation , and hidden cameras in order to secure recorded interviews unfavorable to hwang .
in , he vetoed a bill that would have allowed him to do just that .
the abc television program good morning america demonstrated the invention monday , a two wheeled , self propelled scooter that can travel at about mph .
he has also called on south african president thabo mbeki to stand down as a mediator in the crisis .
to cover those costs , state and federal officials are considering creating a trust to dole out financial aid to state wildlife agencies assuming oversight of the animals .
read the promotional literature carefully .
i realized my family , my two dad family was going to look different than i thought it was going to look , he said .
the traditional , star studded glamour fest is in the works in case an agreement is reached .
secular opposition parties then boycotted the presidential voting process in parliament , creating a political deadlock and forcing gul to abandon his bid .
sheriff s spokesman steve whitmore said hilton was easy to work with .
the late actor who ran away with the dark
also joining bush on the iraq visit are u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , national security adviser stephen hadley , defense secretary robert gates and joint chiefs chairman gen . peter pace .
eva longoria , minus new hubby tony parker , comedian drew carey , nba star kevin garnett , movie producer brian grazer , gov . arnold schwarzenegger and english actors john hurt and ray winstone also made what were likely their first trips to carson , a downright gritty suburb compared to the stars usual haunt of beverly hills .
backstreet boy kevin richardson stood with musicians in front of chicago , in which he plays shady lawyer billy flynn , while two stars of the producers , brad oscar and gary beach , were at the st . james theatre with orchestra players from their show .
she worked in film , theater , cabaret , music and on television during her lengthy career .
lt . dennis van uhm , , was one of two dutch soldiers killed in the explosion miles kilometers northwest of camp holland , the dutch military base in restive uruzgan province , spokesman lt . gen . freek meulman said .
downer is the most senior government figure so far to give evidence .
officials said the red mosque , or lal masjid , complex had been cleared of militants but troops were combing the area for booby traps and explosives .
the attack wounded , hospital officials said .
after obama s statement , clinton released her own remarks , saying the heated rhetoric i know does not reflect what is in our hearts .
the sudwestrundfunk public broadcaster reported that two suspects had german citizenship while the third was pakistani .
chavez has sent soldiers to striking oil facilities to little effect , and venezuela s tanker shipping fleet lay at anchor , its crews having joined the strike .
here are three technologies that auto industry insiders we consulted think could raise the bar for automotive fuel economy and quite possibly secure the x prize s huge purse .
norway rats typically have four to six litters a year , each containing six to babies .
another man died shortly after being shot in the head , while the third was shot in the leg .
but the commission found restaino s conduct so egregious that his years of service and clean record did not matter .
the celebratory mood spread to the seoul city hall plaza , where hundreds of citizens including president lee myung bak watched the event on a giant screen .
more than half the members of the cabinet are new faces , including some well known dissident figures .
it is part of a heavily used route linking the mekong delta and ho chi minh city .
with elections coming and political parties polarized along ethnic lines , the country is struggling to cling on to its image as asia s tolerant melting pot .
they injected poison into his ear .
lab tests have confirmed illnesses in texas and new mexico as the same type of salmonella , right down to the genetic fingerprint .
german actor ulrich muehe , whose haunting portrayal of an east german secret police agent in the oscar winning drama the lives of others won him international renown , has died at the age of , his family says .
about an hour later , in ajbala , near mahawil , militia members bombed the asfouk mosque and the house next door , which belonged to a local imam , police said .
the quake could be felt as far as miles away , xinhua said .
and if you don t like the way you look or feel insecure , when people say things about you in magazines or just in everyday life they can be hurtful .
putin s decision to lead united russia , announced just three weeks before he cedes the presidency to his hand picked successor , dmitry medvedev , left little doubt that he intends to remain at the forefront for years to come .
in simpson was cleared of murdering his former wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ron goldman .
the first abb employees
the united states is calling on the north to dismantle all atomic programs .
he said the cancer is treatable but not curable .
even though the battered housing market and credit crisis have created turmoil in financial markets , economists expect global growth to slow rather than collapse next year , according to a report released monday .
the united states welcomed pakistan s decision to consult with british investigators .
fuel rods are used to power nuclear power plants , and produce tiny amounts of plutonium when used .
while barack obama concentrates on colorado , with rallies in denver and fort collins , presidential rival john mccain is focusing his attention today on iowa and ohio .
ambassador anthony brenton submitted the request to the foreign ministry in moscow , a spokesman said .
speaking on wednesday , lebanon s defense minister elias murr said the fatah al islam militant group has two choices either surrender or face decisive military action .
in the long run , americans can be confident about our economic growth .
in a joint written statement wednesday , the united states , russia , the european union and the united nations announced the appointment of blair , following days of growing speculation that he would be named as mideast peace envoy .
a three judge bench headed by the chief justice agreed and said that the nature of the offence and the evidence is very difficult to examine at this stage , and granted bail to dutt until the lawyers get a copy of the verdict .
lead supporter senator rick santorum of pennsylvania said the measure was about preserving the institution of marriage .
dr . christiane northrup , an obstetrician gynecologist and author of three books on women s health , says when it comes to infertility , she recommends the fertile soul and fertile heart , which focus on complementary and alternative therapies .
and at a rally today in defiance ohio , john mccain asked voters for their support
it is the largest single day arrest of tibetan protesters in nepal since the demonstrations broke out in march following china s bloody crackdown on protesters in tibet .
north korea returned to the six party talks which also include japan , china , russia and south korea in december after conducting its first nuclear test in october , but the talks stalled over the north s objections to u . s . financial sanctions .
is showing signs of declining .
each will have received a call from charles kaye , former executive administrator to the orchestra s founding conductor , the late sir georg solti , and now its driving force .
of those acres , , were in florida and about , were in georgia .
but there is little love for kim dae jung in his homeland .
i totally refute it as a blatant lie , said lord paul condon , who headed london s metropolitan police from through .
koehler s office said the rejection was based on the opinions of legal experts , prison authorities and a criminal assessment of klar , who is years old .
he won t be going abroad , however , to bask in the aura of great italian masters .
so count dennis lehane among the doubly fortunate few .
we d just got back together and i became pregnant very soon , and i didn t know if it was the right moment to have a child .
a truce declared by fatah al islam in the palestinian refugee camp ended soon after it was announced tuesday , when a u . n . relief convoy in the camp came under fire at gmt
here we go again , on janet jackson s wardrobe malfunction at the super bowl .
the former british colony returned to chinese rule in but was promised a wide degree of autonomy under a one country , two systems formula .
in a recent poll , his popularity fell to , and he has been hit by successive ministerial scandals .
johnson , , made the dig saturday at the park and left his equipment in a locker .
the city of poway except for the high valley area also began allowing residents to return to their homes .
mary ewert said her husband wanted his death to be filmed in order to show that a terminal illness does not have to result in a painful death .
but while israel was quick to denounce the new palestinian government , the u . s . responded more cautiously , saying the deal was still under review .
their efforts have been successful so far , the gloucestershire constabulary emergency services said monday evening .
i may be able to pardon the military regimes of chun doo hwan and roh tae woo , but i can t pardon the ongoing treason against history by the chosun and dong a , lee said in a meeting yesterday with korean correspondents in berlin during his visit to europe .
right now we have every reason to believe that if somebody s in a life jacket , they should be fine , they should be alive .
days later , the new york times reported that u . s . satellites detected construction of some platforms and tunnels , possible pointers to a preparation for an underground nuclear test .
remains in the works .
the priest said he demanded an explanation but that a lieutenant colonel merely told him relations between the state and church were good .
authorities believe the driver , tonya bell of oxon hill , maryland , was going about mph when she tore through unifest , a church sponsored street festival in southeast washington .
the idea that we will always choose a person s well being over mission success , it sounds good , but it doesn t really turn out to be necessarily the way decisions always will be made .
ideas that changed the world
the cd contains two full length movies
the pilgrims are massed in tent cities on the outskirts of mecca .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
balfour s mother has also acknowledged her son has been questioned about the shootings .
but police said on thursday that the videos showing an angry cho ranting and pointing guns at the camera added little to their investigation .
unification minister chung dong young said monday that north korea presented a roadmap toward its ultimate abandonment of nuclear weapons during the initial stage of the fifth round of the six nation talks , which recessed last week in beijing .
october will be the last day of the polish presence in iraq , major dariusz kacperczyk said , speaking from warsaw .
the rebels say two civilians died in a claymore mine explosion in the north west in an attack they blamed on the sri lankan army .
in its april response to a landmine monitor questionnaire , south korea acknowledged for the first time that it has begun production of self destructing antipersonnel mines , the report said .
the second striking a dairy warehouse in northern gaza city . a third targeted a workshop in gaza city s sheikh radwan neighborhood a bit later , the palestinian source said . watch as people survey the damage at one site
half of the korean minor manufacturers plans to relocate their plants abroad within years .
jennifer hudson to sing national anthem at super bowl
the first substance is epo cera , a new version of the endurance enhancing hormone epo .
it s game one of their national league division series .
in the waning days of her campaign , clinton argued to voters and superdelegates that she should be the nominee because she was the stronger candidate to beat mccain in these swing states during the general election .
a javan rhino was captured on video attacking a camera set up in an indonesian jungle to study the habits of the animal , apparently because she sensed the lens was a threat to her calf , the wwf said thursday .
sit there in the box , for to weeks and maybe even longer , and sweat it out , and hear all of the stories , all of the victims .
the curfew will last from on thursday until on sunday to protect civilians , officials say .
taliban spokesmen yousuf said fighters were holding the captives at different locations and any attempt to free them by force would put the koreans lives at risk .
earlier on sunday , pitt told a news conference fatherhood was fun and good for his work , though he s not getting much sleep .
freddie mac s chief executive says the announcement should provide a new measure of certainty to many of those families during the holidays .
plans call for the human rights situation to be reviewed next year .
the legal age limit to own a gun in finland is , which auvinen passed in june of this year .
scheduled to continue into the weekend , according to a spokeswoman for the sncf , the national railways .
but a united news of bangladesh report put the death toll at at least , .
from worst to first , tampa bay completed the transition by beating boston in game of the american league championship series .
fergie , whose name is stacy ann ferguson , is a member of the black eyed peas . her hit song big girls don t cry from the dutchess has been nominated for a grammy award in the best female pop vocal category .
it s not uh , appropriate , i think , to think of lower gas prices as stimulus , but as , really , as cushioning , uh , as the economic environment has uh , turned very recessionary .
palin also apologized tuesday for any misunderstanding caused when she referred last week to the patriotic values of the real america and pro america areas of this great nation .
three to four bank accounts under borrowed names were used for the slush funds , the prosecution said .
florida based valpak has seen use of its coupons increase percent since last year for products such as groceries , take out food , home improvement products and specialty retail .
china s state media have hit out at a report by the us department of defense on beijing s military build up .
sao paulo , brazil cnn an foot whale that entered the amazon river and swam about , miles upstream has been trapped for a second time on a sandbar , brazilian news media reported sunday .
global warming soon will affect everyone s life . . . it s the poor sectors that will be most affected , romero lankao said .
they re not large , he said .
oil prices have also been driven higher by recent reports from the u . s . energy department , the international energy agency and opec suggesting oil supplies are flat or falling , as demand is growing .
but the headlines will be reserved for the veteran maier , who has battled injuries in recent seasons and appeared past his superb best .
washington cnn a cyclone wrecks coastal myanmar , spawning outbreaks of malaria , cholera and dengue fever .
the government of myanmar , also known as burma , blames the knu for waging attacks to destabilize the military junta that has run the country for two decades .
last week , ford motor co . f , fortune said industrywide sales could drop as low as . million for the year , which would be the lowest level in years , according to ward s autoinfobank .
maybe you want to try fly fishing , white water rafting or a long alpine slide ?
shortly before tuesday s morning session , hill told reporters he believes the north koreans are committed to following through on the february agreement .
in an isolated valley south of taipei , the air is thick with the smell of feces produced by about dogs living in a shelter run by volunteers .
the discovery of the so called living fossil ignited worldwide interest .
cancer mortality rates are falling in great britain and the united states , said seffrin .
other motorists and i helped evacuate the wounded before the ambulances came .
i am just the luckiest guy on the planet , he says .
the former football star gained international notoriety in when he was tried and acquitted of murdering his ex wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman .
at least two of the victims were crandon high school students , wtmj told cnn .
his lead , with around percent of support , solidified this week when the seoul prosecution cleared him of long held allegations of involvement in a financial fraud while indicting his former business partner for stock manipulation and embezzlement .
the guns n roses singer says dr .
chinese officials summoned the japanese ambassador in beijing to express their strong dissatisfaction at koizumi s action .
central islip , new york cnn a jury on monday convicted a millionaire couple of enslaving two indonesian women they brought to their mansion to work as housekeepers .
most years the nominees are veteran acts , or at least established stars who ve paid their dues .
she s years old , but for lee young soo , life as she knew it ended at age when the japanese government forced her to become a sex slave for its military members during world war ii .
a minute later , they suddenly jumped out brandishing knives and ran away , zhang said .
reclusive north korea agreed earlier this month at six way talks to shut down its main nuclear reactor , the source of its weapons grade plutonium , in return for energy aid .
scotland s murray added to his victory at the previous masters series event in cincinnati , which helped spur him to reach the final of the u . s . open last month before being beaten by federer .
many of the suicide attacks have been aimed at pakistani politicians , officials and soldiers .
north korean leader kim jong il and south korean president roh moo hyun signed a joint statement thursday , pledging to begin work on a permanent peace agreement that would replace the cease fire accord signed at the end of the korean war .
i think one major problem facing myspace is whether and how they can overcome the language barrier , said lee da young , a year old university student . i wonder how many koreans can communicate with those abroad in english .
peck was driving the vehicle carrying rice .
he s the youngest mayor ever in the city s history .
a pipe broke , severing power cables to the lift and trapping workers at the bottom of a . km shaft .
the u . s . military has shot down dummy intercontinental missile warheads in tests both inside and outside the atmosphere using projectile weapons and is also examining the possible use of long range lasers to burn up such warheads in flight .
today , it s hard to find a singer larger than a size and without a sexy look all of which are played up with sensuous videos , modeling spreads and provocative magazine covers .
he closed out the set in the next game with one of his aces .
the six workers from a charity called zoe s ark had tried to take the children to france for adoption , claiming they were evacuating orphans from sudan s darfur region .
it dates back to biblical times but , the great soap related hygiene revolution didn t happen until the mid th century when ignaz semmelweis , a sharp hungarian doctor working in vienna , noticed babies died more often after they were delivered by medical students rather than midwives .
henin said she has since controlled her asthma with the help of a specialist .
we re learning more about the toddler in texas who s become the first swine flu fatality in the us .
the nobel prizes in medicine , chemistry , physics , literature and economics will be handed out in stockholm by sweden s king carl xvi on december , the anniversary of prize founder alfred nobel s death in .
we believe the victim of this event was the intended target , cassell said .
this particular animal tested negative , he said .
the ministry said it plans to announce hospitals antibiotics usage every three months as part of an effort to provide correct information about hospitals abusing antibiotics .
they re always saying , when is the next album ? they know when i finish in the studio it s got to be a few years before the next album .
queen elizabeth will not attend prince charles wedding .
while the cause of her death is still unclear , a bomber blew himself up near her limousine .
no one knows that better than eugene thermilon , , a haitian day laborer who can no longer afford pasta to feed his wife and four children since the price nearly doubled to . a bag .
yang returned home after eight hours but her mother was still being questioned as of p . m .
in contrast , u . s . students took th place in reading , nd in science , th place in math and th in problem solving .
most spas take pride in keeping up with the latest trends , from organic ingredients to asian massage .
the official said a total of people were working in the warehouse when the fire started at around a . m . in the basement of a two story warehouse owned by the logistics company korea .
the international organization said that south korea s ranking remained unchanged from in its latest human development report .
planes are overcrowded .
the queen politely replied we are happy to be here .
foreign students will also be required to take korean classes .
beijing has widely advertised the new net services even before issuing a planned set of behavior regulations .
the anfal trial began august and included genocide charges against saddam hussein .
but with the cost of installing necessary software and integration systems , the total robotics market could be worth closer to billion .
the contracts under consideration are small .
shublaq was detained by singaporean police and charged with entering the island illegally .
he recommends the use of an anti jet lag device that travelers can set to receive a dose of light shining in their eyes while they re in flight .
he had collected trash to put himself through college , then rose to become one of the youngest ceo s of hyundai construction , earning himself the nickname the bulldozer .
one death was blamed on the hurricane .
responding to a question from mansfield , inspector paul carpenter of the metropolitan police said he had found no images of the mercedes movements after it left the ritz hotel until it had crashed in the tunnel .
as a means of solving this problem , smaller companies have been largely dependent on foreign workers .
growth is estimated to remain in the mid percent level between and and could drop further below percent after , according to the report titled the impact of demographic changes on economic growth .
it s time again to think about getting your flu shot .
they knew each other but of course they weren t close .
people who read this will say , i last five minutes or my partner lasts eight minutes , and say , that s ok , he said .
second life weddings happen often enough in world , as it s called in second life .
archaeologists have found more than relics from a huge battle between a roman army and barbarians in the third century , long after historians believed rome had given up control of northern germany .
the body of pakistan s assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto was being flown home friday , as sporadic violence was reported in cities across the country .
over the next few years , their capacity will double and then quadruple .
in early christian texts , mariamene is the name of mary magdalene , he said .
the world health organization says there are close to such cases around the globe , and more countries report their first cases including colombia , the first south american nation to report a swine flu case .
the government had expected a drop in support amid growing concern over ethnic tensions in multi cultural malaysia and unease over rising food prices .
blatter said brazil now has not only the right , but the responsibility to organize fifa s world cup .
the new south wales state minister for fair trading , linda burney , ordered the toys pulled from store shelves tuesday when it was learned a year old boy and a year old girl were admitted to a sydney hospital after swallowing large quantities of the beads .
though medvedev s speech showed russia is not softening its foreign policy , he followed the remarks with a congratulatory telegram to obama in which he called for continued cooperation on a number of issues .
only one crew member survived , said binaya shakya of yeti airlines , the company that operated the plane .
he supports the concept of a phased withdrawal , a gradual pullout of a brigade or two of u . s . troops from iraq each month for months .
if humbertson or his or her heirs don t come forward , the gold and white belvedere will be held in trust for five years , according to the state s unclaimed property act .
good boss protection strategy
kuznetsova s next opponent will be denmark s caroline wozniacki , a winner over japan s aiko nakamura .
our help will continue to be one of assistance , not interference , to support not to direct , to listen not to ignore , to understand not to fear , binns said .
the air show continued sunday without the blue angels , but with a tribute to the pilot who was killed , said kansteiner .
four chairs will be placed facing the empty seat reserved for the chairman and all visitors must enter the office barefoot , said vivek kangdi , the school s vice chairman .
people are worried , he said . they just want to know , even if their homes are destroyed .
hur bok nam , a year old north korean , urged the two koreas to live up to their compatriotic spirit and join forces to fight foreign forces a theme all north korean minders stressed .
the cause of the collapse was under investigation , it said .
currently , nine foreigners are under investigation in pusan for conducting performances beyond their visa sanctioned jobs .
megan mcallister s lawyer announced it on national tv this morning
among those airlines that had worse than average figures were ba , lufthansa of germany , air france , italy s alitalia and klm of the netherlands now merged with air france .
north korea s envoy charged the resolution is based on false information and cast a no vote .
clooney joins fellow actor michael douglas , nobel peace prize winner elie wiesel , primate expert jane goodall , cellist yo yo ma , israeli conductor daniel barenboim , brazilian author paulo coelho , japanese american violinist midori goto , and olympic equestrian competitor princess haya of jordan .
historians say some ancient korean fishermen had full body tattoos , believing that would protect them from sea beasts when shipwrecked .
begin your day the french way , with a caf eacute
senators approved the same resolution on tuesday by a majority , nekpai said .
more than , internet cafes or bars have been inspected during a probe that began in april , the newspaper said .
according to the daily last months , the japanese government sent a letter to companies that used an estimated , koreans forced to work in japan , asking them to identify the location of the remains of deceased workers .
the train ride up there is spectacular . you see wonderful vistas as you leave denver through the northern plains and into the mountains , kristal kraft , a real estate agent in denver , says .
and its deaths now account for almost half of the recorded fatalities worldwide , according to figures from the world health organization .
cnn myanmar s government seems unaware of the scope of the death and destruction cyclone nargis wrought on the country more than a week ago , a u . s . military commander said tuesday .
most western countries advise against all but necessary travel to afghanistan , while some countries have outright banned it .
a judge has emphatically rejected a bid by a man who claims to be the illegitimate child of the late princess margaret to see her will .
a trust , he said , would provide stability in such cases and shield the issue from the political whims of congress .
the central bank is expected to cut a key interest rate another half point today , meaning almost free money going out the door at a half percent .
scientists at the university of north carolina find adding choline to the diets of pregnant animals improves memory performance in their offspring .
home prices in and around seoul surged by more than percent over the last two years .
he was playing unbelievable tennis and there was nothing i could do , said nadal , who is still without a title this year .
earlier this year , the iraqi information ministry brought out saddam hussein
icann also voted to break the english language prominence of domain names by allowing internationalized names
the estimated growth potential for the five years to is . percent .
as house members consider an auto industry bailout today , one of the senators who heard from the ceo s of the big three car companies yesterday is saying no to a billion loan .
the team is collecting opinions from experts and security related organizations on measures to upgrade english education for men and women in uniform , he added .
massage that stimulates those glands could be detrimental , young says .
concern for her health has grown since winehouse was taken to a hospital earlier this month for severe exhaustion and spent a short stint in a rehab facility . she has since canceled a series of british concerts and postponed a tour of the u . s . and canada .
copies of the traditional glossy program booklet for the th annual globes were still on hand for reporters covering the event .
the document says , flexible movements by u . s . forces in and out of korea would mean that the government would have to accept american decisions to cut its forces , the possibility of the use of those forces in circumstances involving taiwan and u . s .
a site administrator in austria tipped police off to eight digital video clips that included scenes of children between the ages of and being sexually molested or raped , hesztera said .
still , there s no way to tell how much of a particular person s loneliness is due to genetics , said mark leary , professor at duke university who runs the psychology department s self , emotion and behavior lab .
there still are scenarios under which he could lose .
a senior u . s . official says the insurgents may have had recent training allowing them to conduct more precise targeting of the rockets , believed to be made in iran .
the other u . s . astronaut , sunita williams , will remain on board with cosmonauts fyodor yurchikhin and oleg kotov .
in addition to juliet , bessmertnova also danced the leading female roles giselle , ivan the terrible , the angara and the golden age .
on wednesday morning , a mock warning of an earthquake north of the philippines sent nearly , people in the coastal village of buhatan scurrying for the hills .
china tops world in internet users
i think that uh , jobs losses will continue probably through february or march of next year .
a letter inviting a working level delegation to visit and monitor the suspension of the operations of nuclear facilities was sent to the international atomic energy agency , north s korean central news agency reported saturday .
the bank of japan s quarterly tankan report of business confidence also showed signs of improvement , with business expressing increased optimism about the june quarter .
the two mode system also is better for towing .
the hague , netherlands cnn a former congolese militia leader suspected of war crimes and crimes against humanity made his first appearance at the international criminal court at the hague monday .
now , its resurgence shows another chill in relations .
evans , , works at cardiff university in wales .
a few days ago , some girls were kidnapped around here , and many people have gone missing . the girls mother still comes around here looking for them , but they still haven t been found , banafsha says .
i think the engine was off , said san diego resident ian lerner , who was heading to lunch at a shopping center about a half mile from the neighborhood of about homes when he saw the jet flying low .
thousands of opponents of thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra are holding a protest in bangkok , vowing to stay in the streets until he steps down .
the company s chief executive rijkman groenink said as recently as last month that he continued to prefer the barclays deal for strategic reasons , but he conceded the consortium s bid was financially superior .
fears of terrorist attacks have been mounting as u . s . forces gear up for a final assault on iraqi insurgents in najaf , who are threatening to blow up oil pipelines .
behind the peace process were two unchanging israeli american presuppositions , both of them derived from a startling incomprehension of reality .
a national average . a gallon .
but the consumer and investor confidence the president is expected to call for criminal penalties for corporate leaders who knowingly misreport their companies earnings .
in these frenzied , media saturated times , the lure of a simpler past is more powerful than ever .
improved sanitation contributes enormously to human health and well being , especially for girls and women .
we declare that we are not the parents of the two babies , mr .
i don t believe he will remain in detention long . they will get the information that they need from him and then they will let him go , he said .
sharks existed before there were dinosaurs and they pre date humans by millions of years .
obama fundraising machine has built an advantage in money to buy ads , but clinton s win in pennsylvania could help close the gap .
li said the party has studied and drawn from other country s political systems , along with its own experiences . but , we will never copy the western model of a political system , he added .
the court ruled that boultbee and atkinson will be allowed to return to canada to serve their prison sentences .
thursday , lexi was hospitalized after complaining that her feet hurt .
frankfurt , germany cnn the world s automakers will make new efforts to win customers over with more environmentally friendly cars at the frankfurt auto show this week as they tout new vehicles with hybrid propulsion and more advanced , cleaner engines .
last week , northern rock asked for an emergency bank of england loan amid the global credit crisis .
paris ap rallying to salvage one of the world s most treasured troves of antiquities , unesco and the british museum on april announced plans to send teams of experts to iraq to restore museums and artifacts ransacked in the aftermath of the u . s . led invasion .
the official , who hid his identity , called the documents academic research papers that should not have been disclosed to the public .
professional women in the workplace have it rough in many ways , but are freer than men to pull up stakes and try something completely different .
ricardo lagos weber , minister of government affairs , who made a statement from santiago an hour after the quake hit , said information from isolated areas in the far north was coming in slowly .
his father was a journalist and michael loved the writing profession .
east timor , should he step down ?
the police chief has refused to resign after the deaths of two farmers , allegedly after injuries they sustained in battles with police during a protest in seoul last month .
several officials close to president elect barack obama s transition tell cnn that defense secretary robert gates is expected to stay on the job for at least the first year of the new administration .
a process that will climax in the november presidential election .
the talks , which began on monday , had been extended into thursday after north korea said it wanted the macau bank issue resolved first .
the latest official death toll from the algerian government is including five foreign nationals but hospital sources say that more than were killed in the bombings and that number could rise , as people are still missing and are feared dead .
he rose to fame in the s with starring movie roles including ben hur , for which he won an oscar .
different actors including richard gere , heath ledger , christian bale and cate blanchett play incarnations of dylan at various phases of his public and private life .
the objective is to find them then assist them back to their planet .
the second set went with serve to force a tie break , which murray calmly negotiated despite facing two set points after conceding an early deficit .
a fourth suspect in the killing of a year old british woman in italy has been arrested in germany , italian police and german prosecutors said tuesday .
in april , , eric robert rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing .
they had been expected to fall , but the national association of realtors says sales actually grew more than as buyers took advantage of deep discounts on foreclosures .
rivera , who won miss world caribbean in , had been a target of controversy from the start of competition , as rivals complained she was too experienced and should be disqualified .
myspace , in cooperation with partner sentinel tech holding corp . , would then provide the information to the national center for missing and exploited children so the organization could work directly with law enforcement , he said .
nearly million households bought a fresh christmas tree in , according to the national christmas tree association .
gaza officials warned the move would cause a health catastrophe while a u . n . agency and human rights groups condemned israel .
in a separate incident , a female suicide bomber attacked an iraqi army checkpoint south of baghdad and killed two iraqi soldiers wednesday , an interior ministry official said .
in washington , u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states supported iraq s efforts to conduct its diplomatic relations the way it sees fit .
gibbons , , was sentenced to days in jail last thursday .
in the afternoon session , for the attempted murder charge , she kept her eyes straight ahead .
a publicist for the year old british supermodel confirmed campbell was treated at a hospital and had a small cyst removed . there were no other details .
the plan also aims to reinforce public education while lowering parental spending on private tutoring .
speaking to the arabic satellite network al arabiya on thursday , bandar now abdullah s national security adviser said saudi intelligence was actively following most of the september , , plotters with precision .
carter said the two hamas officials indicated that they would accept a peace agreement with israel if the plan were approved through a referendum of the palestinian community .
it s a set of principles that directs him or her to what s virtuous and right .
manchester united strolled to a away win over struggling sunderland to return to the top of the english premier league on boxing day .
more than inches of snow was on the ground monday morning in portland , cnn affiliate kgw tv reported , an amount not seen since .
stop to see how you re doing . pat yourself on the back if you re doing well , he said . and if you re not , figure out why so that you can revise your plan .
america and the world will not be blackmailed , bush said , noting that washington was working with south korea , japan , china , and russia to find a peaceful solution to the crisis .
parker translated delanoe s speech into english for the guests , who numbered about .
palin s mother says her daughter has a special a special ability , that is , to relate to people .
the man had posted a note outside his front door that warned residents that gas was being generated inside , the officer said .
it has its own economy and millions of residents who own and create property , make friends and even get married , according to secondlife . com .
police then bided their time , reasoning that surely he was about to hold another operational meeting , caruso said .
that experience let me know keenly how hard life could be , said wen , who worked as a geologist in china s hardscrabble gansu province .
destruction of indonesia s peatlands to make way for the production of palm oil is leading to a significant increase in greenhouse gas emissions , a problem that will get worse as demand for biofuel grows , greenpeace reported thursday .
adams says st . augustine is also to blame for why it gets no respect compared to jamestown and plymouth , massachusetts , where the pilgrims settled in .
wright patterson air force base in dayton , ohio , which manages the f program , will have an informal , private retirement ceremony tuesday with military leaders , base employees and representatives from holloman air force base in new mexico .
the trigger doesn t have to be sex it could be chocolate or a winning lottery ticket .
his proposal for a new deal to tackle the international food crisis was endorsed by the world bank s steering committee of finance and development ministers at a meeting in washington . the world bank and its sister organization , the imf have held a weekend of meetings that addressed rising food and energy prices as well as the credit crisis upsetting global financial markets .
a spokesman for the muslim league party pml n said the activists had been arrested over the past four days in punjab province , sharif s powerbase .
landed it in one piece after losing both engines to bird strikes .
sean connery , who d never read the j . r . r . tolkien series and claimed he didn t understand the script .
what are some of the other broader economic impacts if an automaker goes out of business ?
odinga supporters carried white flags , olive branches and protest signs as they tried to get to uhuru park , where the rally was to have been held .
airlines dispatched a dozen additional flights to retrieve tourists who want to leave the yucatan resort city of cancun , mexico , ahead of the storm , airport spokesman eduardo rivadendiera said .
they never told each other their names , and bashed the woman to death in a car park after she saw their faces , kyodo said , adding the three robbed the woman of around , yen .
from today , citizens could face prosecution for posting messages on internet websites in favor of or against specific presidential candidates , the nation s election watchdog said yesterday .
the minister once again reiterated myanmar s position that the relief phase of the disaster is already over and the country has entered the reconstruction and rehabilitation phase .
the liberals have said one of their conditions for extending the mission is that it ends in .
china s construction minister has ordered an immediate investigation , xinhua news agency reports .
german chancellor angela merkel will visit south korea in july on the first leg of her trip to northeast asian countries , an official at the korean german chamber of commerce and industry kgcci said monday .
col . greg julian said afghanistan s national military command center told him that four girls were hurt in the incident .
dimitar berbatov flicked the ball on to jenas , who charged towards the edge of the area , before side stepping justin hoyte .
the sanctions being taken under a u . n .
clinton got the support of older voters , with percent of those years or older backing her , according to the polls .
north korea also accused south korea of driving their relationship to confrontation and catastrophe .
iran on sunday confirmed it will attend this week s conference on iraq in the egyptian resort of sharm el sheik , saying its delegation will be headed by its foreign minister .
education is the bedrock of china s development , and fairness in education is an important form of social fairness , wen said in the speech at the cavernous great hall of the people in central beijing .
palestinian militants have fired more than qassam rockets into southern israel from gaza over the weekend .
tensions have been high along the iraqi turkish border , with turkey threatening to launch a full scale cross border offensive against separatist guerrillas from the kurdistan workers party , or
once recruited , many are brainwashed , trained , given drugs and then sent into battle with orders to kill .
eckstein said immigrants received , each because they left behind possessions to go to israel .
the subjects went into the magnetic resonance imaging , or mri , scanner , which is like a large tunnel .
those voters made up a majority percent of all those respondents .
our aim , as is the aim of the united states government , is threefold security for the iraqi people , political reconciliation and that the iraqis have a stake in the future , brown said .
victories on tuesday by obama , especially in the big states of texas and ohio , would give the illinois senator a major boost toward the democratic nomination in the november election .
in malabon , one of the most densely populated areas of the capital , local radio reported residents renting out boats to pedestrians .
north korea now has announced plans to resume work on its megawatt mw graphite moderated reactor at yongbyon , and a mw graphite reactor at taechon .
the storm system already had been blamed for five deaths on friday in kansas and texas .
michael mullen , met with pakistani president pervez musharraf in rawalpindi to discuss the security situation in the country .
the runner up to hanalei on dr .
the group was found at mantaolan , which is on the island of rinca off komodo national park , the head of the rescue team said .
in overnight operations in the capital , u . s . warplanes bombed homes in sadr city s habibiya district , witnesses and an interior ministry official said .
a north korean television station said kim was visiting factories in sinuiju , a city on the border with communist china .
the head of iraqi forces in falluja said they had found slaughterhouses where hostages had been held and killed , along with records of victims .
in an interview released monday , putin suggested that russia may respond to the threat by aiming its nuclear weapons at europe .
there are enough women in the program that coincidentally this can happen , and that is a wonderful thing . it says a lot about the first years of spaceflight that this is where we re at .
who was the first actor to play james bond ?
us envoy christopher hill is traveling to the region to discuss the next steps , and a senior chinese negotiator is heading to pyongyang next week aiming to kick start negotiations .
a federal judge on wednesday ordered sudan to pay nearly million to the families of sailors killed in the terrorist attack on the uss cole .
snow told conservative talk show host hugh hewitt on thursday that financial reasons may prevent him for serving the remainder of his boss s presidency . i m not going to be able to go the distance , but that s primarily for financial reasons .
speaker kim expresses his regret on provocative remarks .
malaysia has urged the burmese military to drop preconditions for talks with pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
he wanted to pursue all of wmd . . . to reconstitute his entire wmd program .
and john was saying , no , let s go home because i want to see sean before he goes to sleep . and it was like he wasn t sure if we would get home before he sean went to sleep and he was concerned about that .
jennifer hudson to sing national anthem at super bowl
anti hunt protesters have clashed , sometimes violently , in recent days with japanese whaling ships in the south pacific .
maybe there was a sexual predator
chinese shares have fallen after former us federal reserve head alan greenspan said its stock market was overvalued and due for a dramatic contraction .
the president elect agrees with illinois lt . gov . pat quinn and many others that under the current circumstances it is difficult for the governor to effectively do his job and serve the people of illinois , obama spokesman robert gibbs said .
the korea times reports south koreans will be allowed to visit japan for up to days without a visa from march , quoting the japanese foreign ministry on monday .
those surveyed are unhappy with the nation s level of taxation levied on foreign invested firms .
the attack at scotland s busiest airport , which according to reuters caused five slight injuries and damaged the airport entrance , came hours after two car bombs loaded with fuel , gas canisters and nails were found in central london primed to detonate .
that man was actually the targeted commander that they were searching for responsible for making roadside bombs and attacks on afghan and international troops .
i regard this as an attempt by the japanese government to suppress and censor my book and i think it is absolutely outrageous , kyodo quoted hills as saying .
the oscar for foreign language film went to the german drama nowhere in africa , about a family of jews who leave germany before world war ii and settle on a farm in kenya .
anyone hoping for a bruising showdown between the computer industry s richest executive and one many regard as its coolest would have been disappointed .
the un reporter on torture has arrived in communist china .
among the shuttle s upgrades is a new system that will enable the spacecraft to tap into the station s electrical system and stay longer at the outpost . if the power transfer system works properly , nasa plans to extend endeavour s mission from to days .
there are two types of corporate bankruptcy under u . s . law .
thanks for everything , scott and endeavour crew , station resident clay anderson said to shuttle commander scott kelly . godspeed .
they are doing exactly the same thing now , which is simply putting up a smokescreen immediately before the hearing in order to make people believe that jerome has accomplices that have not been identified , selnet told cnn last week .
the investors are pumping . billion billion euros into alitalia .
voters in manitowoc , wisconsin have picked a man to run their city who looks young enough to run for student council .
these are all valid questions to ask of the universe .
roy , who taught cho one on one after removing him from giovanni s class , recalled cho exhibiting a palpable anger and secretly taking photographs of other students while holding the camera under his desk .
for every green vehicle there were many others
turks will closely follow the military s reaction to gul after its top brass snubbed his swearing in ceremony on tuesday .
yonhap reports the issuance of the writ for kim gyeong jun signals the start of a high stakes probe of his former business partner , presidential candidate lee myung bak of the conservative opposition grand national party gnp , a month before the december th election .
stocks are slipping , following mixed reports on manufacturing and factory orders .
my goal every summer is to win the u . s . open , roddick said in a statement released by legg mason organizers .
asia accounted for just a small fraction of the estimated million users worldwide .
a report said bollea was driving faster than mph in a mph zone .
six years ago , the federal communications commission ordered phone companies to make it possible by .
although more expensive , it s best to take a cab that is either registered with the hotel or waiting at a cab stand . here are hikes you can easily do from mexico city .
scrubbing whole cantaloupes by using a clean produce brush and cool tap water immediately before eating .
they performed with other comedians in degree heat on makeshift stages , including a basketball court , then in between shot short videos for the daily show .
pyongyang s list included television sets , blackboards , desks and chairs , according to the korea times .
japan s abhorrent practice of enslaving women to provide sex for its troops in world war ii has a little known sequel
indonesia and other poor countries have often expressed concerns that some independent experts say are justified that samples from viruses in their country are used to make vaccines by drug companies that they then cannot afford to buy .
archaeologists believe a desert site in jordan may contain the ruins of the elusive king solomon s mines .
a vast array of pharmaceuticals including antibiotics , anti convulsants , mood stabilizers and sex hormones have been found in the drinking water supplies of at least million americans , an associated press investigation shows .
ma , a nationalist , opposes reunification with china but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with china .
the gunman then hid in a church for several hours before police stormed the building and found his body and that of another man .
clearly angered , park said that the trust between president lee myung bak and her had been shattered .
the yangtze is one of china s most important transportation arteries , and shipping is to continue through the reservoir , with giant ship locks built to carry freighters and ferries around the immense concrete wall .
saying it is one thing and doing it is another , said dorian traube , a professor of social work at university of southern california .
shukor , , will bring a symbolic load of malaysian food to the space station , said zulkeffeli mat jusoh , a program director for the malaysian space program .
the recent argument regarding the interest rate ceiling on private moneylenders shows that the free market is never free from politics .
but in the end , for my gang at least , these trips are well worth the trouble and are some of the best times our extended family has together .
german president horst koehler on monday rejected a pardon for christian klar , a former member of the red army faction raf who has spent over years in prison for his part in killings that shook west germany in the s .
while tuesday is an important primary day for democrats , it could also be a turning point for republicans .
mark lagon , ambassador at large for the state department s trafficking in persons office , said tuesday that many different variables played into the decision .
kim seung kyu , head of the national intelligence service , is also said to be stepping down soon .
mutilated infants , girls and women face irreversible lifelong health risks both physically and mentally , according to unicef and other charity groups .
brazil s economy is the world s th largest , and its cautious economic policies have helped it weather the global economic crisis better than most .
this is the money of the palestinian people and everyone has the right to this money .
paris , france cnn the paris suburbs were again rocked by riots after a second night of lawlessness monday caused widespread destruction and left scores of police injured , according to french authorities and media reports .
winfrey personally selected the school s pupils , all of them straight a students from underprivileged backgrounds .
he now operates a consulting and public relations firm based in suburban washington .
for our families , our cities and the whole world .
noel is the th named storm of the atlantic hurricane season .
sen . barack obama holds up his original opposition to the war on the campaign trail , but he didn t start working aggressively to end the war until he started running for president .
snow becomes the show in las vegas
we want to create our own ideology collectively creative , diverse , the president said , adding that it would help develop values of cooperation and solidarity .
the report showed that . percent of those who took the medical checkup were in good health while . percent had certain diseases .
the military blamed the rebels for the blast in a statement to the media .
heart disease is the no . cause of death in men and women in the united states each year , killing nearly , people in .
us military is racing to inspect more than , facilities across iraq to reduce a deadly threat of electrocution from bad wiring .
in the north , a suicide bomber targeted foreigners in a four wheel drive vehicle monday , killing two afghan civilians and wounding two others , officials said .
usually it starts slowly as kind of a hazy greenish color building up in frequency dancing across the sky . . . and to me that s religion , said photographer dave brosha of yellowknife , northwest territories , who s seen more than canadian auroras . it s just one of the most incredible feelings a person can have
huntelaar , who has goals in internationals and in league games , has long been linked with the two time defending champions .
once the fire had been extinguished , an hour later , the plane was found to have broken into two .
fallon , the head of u . s . central command , was the subject of a recent esquire magazine profile that portrayed him as resisting pressure for military action against iran , which the bush administration accuses of trying to develop nuclear weapons .
when the soyuz spaceship reached orbit about kilometers above the earth in just minutes , the staff at the cosmodrome celebrated the success by applauding .
for those who cannot afford to buy digital tvs or install converters , the central government will offer help , such as subsidizing converters for people in the nation s lower income brackets .
livni said she does not support new elections but believes that if olmert resigns , the israeli parliament the knesset can form a new government .
there was some confusion at some polling places , including one in northern iraq , in which voters claimed they d been purged from the rolls by arab election officials .
the poll also suggests that debate watchers favorable opinion of obama rose slightly during the debate , from percent at the start to percent at the end .
surveillance footage from the station showed a man bringing her into the building and through security .
a japanese diplomat in seoul told the korea times that yachi s visit to seoul , if realized , signifies japan s willingness to find a negotiated way out of the ongoing quarrel over the rocky islets in the east sea . the south korean government pledged to do its best to seek diplomatic solutions , but said it would accept yachi s travel to seoul should japan suspend its plan to carry out the maritime surveys during the on going negotiations .
mugabe zimbabwe s only leader since its independence from britain in took the oath of office sunday , hours after election results showed he won friday s runoff .
in its ruling , the state supreme court called marriage a basic civil right .
but you decided to spill my blood .
tymoshenko , clad in immaculate white , pledged that the new government would push strongly for ukraine to integrate more closely into europe and quickly join the world trade organization .
severe sunburns in childhood may particularly increase the risk of melanoma in later life , so children in particular should be protected , doctors say .
florida s delegates are not slotted to count in the race , and the democratic candidates opted not to campaign there , steps called for by the democratic party as a way of penalizing the state for moving its primary to an earlier date .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn a bridge under construction at a marina collapsed thursday , killing seven workers and injuring , nine critically , the head of dubai police said .
the two sides agreed on working level steps to disable the nuclear facilities , an unnamed spokesman for north korea s foreign ministry told the state run korean central news agency .
when asked when birkhead would get custody of the month old girl , who has been living with stern in nassau , stern said he wanted there to be a gradual transition .
beijing , china cnn six workers have died building venues for the beijing olympics over the last five years , an acknowledgment monday that came after a series of clarifications by a chinese official .
the constitution gives the senate the sole authority to decide who is qualified to serve as a senator .
the government has been investigating the activities of the mosque , whose students who are demanding that taliban style rule be imposed in the city .
none of us who take part in this program could imagine that something like this was going to happen , gaztanaga said .
the ministry attributed the surge of exports to the steady growth of the global economy , domestic pressure to cut inventories , and concerns over aggravated export conditions in the latter half of the year .
they are easy to manipulate and will do the unspeakable without question or protest , partly because their morals and value systems are not yet fully formed , she said .
better yet , banish it from the bedroom .
there is no such thing as banning workers from india and bangladesh , he told the bbc .
william mcnary , president of u . s . action , also says the money would be better spent on helping the victims of hurricane katrina .
throughout the s , japanese investors armed with the strong yen snapped up high profile u . s . real estate deals like rockefeller center in new york city .
foreign direct investment fdi stood at . billion last year , down . percent from .
at a conference of the un nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency iaea , in austria , mohamed elbaradei said he saw no clear and present danger , and that talk of force was counter productive .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has declared his candidacy for the top job at the un , officials say .
meanwhile , kenyan attorney general amos wako called for a recount and a government of national unity , according to a statement from his office .
he also filled his novels with satirical commentary and even drawings that were only loosely connected to the plot .
a team from the u . s . national transportation safety board was expected in cameroon on tuesday .
it was not true , she said before gently chiding the military . the truth is always more heroic than the hype .
michael moore s controversial documentary fahrenheit will remain r rated .
belgium s political crisis may be the result of years of problems finally rearing their heads , said hugo brady , a research fellow at the center for european reform in london .
two people were killed and one person was wounded , hospital sources said .
upendra kumar , amit kumar and jeevan rawat are accused of buying , coercing , or stealing kidney s from poor uneducated laborers in order to sell them to foreigners or wealthy indians who wanted kidney transplants .
former spice girl melanie brown has given birth to a daughter in california , her publicist said tuesday .
authorities said more than officers were injured , of whom were hospitalized with broken bones and lacerations .
in the moscow meetings , the united states attempted to allay russian fears about america s plans to install interceptor missiles in eastern europe .
use of generators was limited for fear the fuel used to operate them would run out .
the program , which will run at midnight , could reach about , people in venezuela .
stephen holmes , , died on a neighbor s front lawn in wollongong , just south of sydney , late saturday after being shot in the chest , new south wales state police said in a statement .
a total of u . s . military bases in five south korean cities uijongbu , tongduchon , paju , chunchon and pusan will come into the hands of koreans from to , an earlier than expected return of land by the american troops .
spots of blood were clearly visible on the floor , and shards of broken glass .
richard roberts stepped down after allegations he misspent school money on a personal life of lechery .
this man talked with knbc tv about what it was like in his neighborhood .
he said officials believe people are left in the cave , but only nine will be alive if nedogon s report is true .
our purpose is to keep this blessed country free , safe , prosperous and proud , mccain said .
bethlehem , west bank ap rain drips through the wooden roof of the ancient church of the nativity , a cold and nearly empty place except for a few monks and a couple of children begging for change .
after the three nation trip , he will visit washington for a meeting with u . s . , he will stop over in san francisco .
a photograph taken by a city official showed bicyclists and equipment being hurled high into the air by the collision .
kim also said it would be difficult to shut down the nuclear reactor by the saturday deadline .
the july failed attacks happened days after the july london suicide attacks , which killed commuters and four bombers . watch the trial conclude for four men accused of plotting the july attacks raquo
his remarks contrasted with a recent media report that the united states is set to make an announcement next week that it would restore some economic sanctions it had partially lifted in and .
the gnp has failed to incorporate the changing security environment of northeast asia in the post cold war era into its policy platform .
but joe trippi , an adviser to former democratic contender john edwards , said sunday obama had a full head of steam after saturday s wins and was poised to win this week s potomac primaries in maryland , the district of columbia and virginia .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s islamic rooted government expanded the ban to most enclosed places as part of an attempt to reduce smoking rates in the country and the effects of second hand smoke .
a burial chamber also was discovered .
somewhere in south america right now a head banger is getting very excited .
there was a bit of anger by the premature announcement of his exit , but we are now going to make an effort for him to stay .
whether the new plan is related to the joint contingency plan with south korea , dubbed oplan , was not confirmed .
hundreds of iraqis managed to negotiate a series of security checkpoints in blistering summer heat to reach the airport in the hope of catching a glimpse of their heroes .
we can confirm that there has been a small explosion at our victoria street office this morning , said a capita spokeswoman , speaking on condition of anonymity in line with department policy .
two penalties by brazil midfielder diego , one of them controversial , and a boubacar sanogo goal gave the german side the win in front of a passionate , crowd .
they are a mere response to harsh and groundless unilateral actions by our partners and are aimed at maintaining the balance of forces in the world .
conservatives criticized it for being a communist propaganda show .
most of the cuzco area lives off of agriculture , said gonzalo valderrama , , a local anthropologist who joined the protests . just because there is more tourism investment , it does not necessarily benefit those who live in the surrounding state .
north korea agreed to take the first steps towards nuclear disarmament at six party talks earlier this month .
ekeli said gaanev s claim of poor care was idiotic and that conditions at the aquarium are excellent .
some relief workers say that almost every woman living in aid camps has been raped or become a victim of gender based violence .
she did , if only because she handled the pressure of being in contention in a major championship for the first time so well .
it s like we were picked up and thrown away , she said .
under the landmark february th deal , north korea agreed to shut down and seal its yongbyon reactor within days in return for aid .
microsoft has sold nearly million windows vista licenses in the first days that the latest version of the operating system has been available , chairman bill gates said tuesday .
we have reminded the o of their obligation to enforce smoking legislation .
former congresswoman consuelo gonzalez , clara rojas and her young son emmanuel , who was fathered by one of her guerrilla captors .
on a range of issues , including counter terrorism , regional emergencies and arms control .
identifying the world s finest airports is easy .
this man calls it a rich man s party
state department official who is in pyongyang to discuss north korea s nuclear declaration , has reported progress in some areas but sticking points in others , the official said . the united states is still struggling to get north korea to disclose its nuclear programs , a challenge in a society so tight lipped that it would keep even clothing sizes secret , a u . s . official said on thursday .
the center is teaching , men and about women to read and write in english and training them how to use a computer .
we launched a helicopter and a small boat from san diego to conduct the search , and also there were coast guard cutters , which are larger boats , operating in the area . they were also diverted to participate in the search .
i want to see the movie just to see what the critics are complaining about , a year old lee se young said after slapping down , won . for a ticket .
ashley alexandra dupre , reportedly identified in court documents as a call girl known as kristen , appeared in court on monday as a witness against four people accused of operating a high class prostitution ring allegedly used by the disgraced democrat .
this is supposed to reassure all parents about the safety of children s vaccines , but it probably won t comfort some
seoul police said yesterday they were opening a criminal investigation of year old veronique courjault , in connection with the confirmation that she was the mother of two infants found in a freezer at her apartment in southern seoul .
xinhua said the pudeng mine , outside of linfen city , had been ordered to suspend production for unspecified reasons , but that the mine s operators resumed operations without a permit .
lohan was at a loss for words when letterman talked about her georgia rule co star jane fonda .
while he praised the u . s . catholic church for uniting a widely diverse flock in the profession of the faith , benedict a strict traditionalist also worked to guide american catholics toward a more conservative view of doctrine .
jermane bonilla , from los angeles , said he thinks the united states is a special country , the most powerful nation on earth and the most beautiful country on earth , in my mind .
roh s remarks came as leaders from all sectors of life issued a statement opposing the hasty relocation of the capital .
no other injuries were reported , and the blaze is reportedly contained .
wga members walked off the job november after talks broke down over how writers are paid for the use of their material on the internet and dvds , among other issues .
for travelers who need to arrive at their destination ready for action , a jet lag pill might be a good solution .
bruni has a short answer for those who thought the marriage came too fast wrong .
jones apparently got the idea for the skymine system while watching a discovery channel show with his kids . he pulled out an old college science textbook and immediately turned to a passage about converting c to baking soda .
oil and energy are expected to be on the agenda as mccain campaigns in california and sen . barack obama speaks in new mexico on monday .
the convoy s three sport utility vehicles all bearing polish flags were hit in the blasts , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
in a country where music like most aspects of life is tightly controlled , symbolism will be heavy in the performance .
judge mark potter said thursday the claim by robert brown , , was an abuse of process and made solely for the purpose of seeking to establish an imaginary and baseless claim .
they said simpson had instructed them to deny guns had been used during the september altercation with two sports memorabilia dealers at the palace station hotel .
on his first european trip since taking office , president barack obama has arrived in london
so nasa has commissioned a mini book to show that , indeed , americans did land on the moon .
despite the lawsuits , more people than ever are using so called peer to peer networks , like kazaa and limewire to copy music and movies from each others hard drives .
north korea is armed to the teeth with weapons of mass destruction and selling its weapons and missile technology to any state willing to pay for it , a top u . s . official has warned .
johnston , , joined the bbc in . he said in a video released in early june he was being treated well and was in good health .
armstrong and hansen , however , are expecting without the use of any artificial fertilization process .
europe s third largest airline said a consortium it belongs to that includes u . s . private equity firm tpg was working on due diligence of spanish airline iberia .
persons can lower their risk for the disease and other tick borne illnesses by avoiding tick infested areas when possible , using insect repellents containing deet , and performing daily self examination for ticks , the cdc advised .
north korea is believed to be developing nuclear weapons washington has said it may have one or two or even more already .
police said the suspects arrested wednesday are believed to be the top tier and key players involved in the movement and distribution of cocaine and cannabis throughout the uk .
sag president alan rosenberg said no strike vote has been planned , and the union s negotiators are coming to the bargaining table every day in good faith .
him sarun said the crash site is thought to be between kamchay and bokor mountains in kampot province , about kilometers miles southwest of the capital , phnom penh .
i had feet of water at my house , he said .
col . steven flaherty of the virginia state police said thursday that he had hoped the package would contain new clues about cho s motive and crime , but after reviewing the content , investigators found it simply confirmed what we already knew .
the joong ang ilbo reports that in an effort to sidestep a constitutional court ruling halting the transfer of korea s administrative capital , leaders of the governing uri party have backed a proposal by assemblymen from the chungcheong provinces that largely revives the plan to move the national government out of seoul .
the size and especially the quality of the rough material was extraordinary , he told the associated press by telephone . i only hope i will one day come across another stone like that one .
the latest find tends to support the gliding in trees theory .
the korea times reports south korea is considering lifting a ban on travel to allow its companies to advance into the war torn middle eastern nation , quoting government sources yesterday .
an official at siem reap airport said of the passengers were from south korea and three were czech .
as for south korea u . s . relations , an overwhelming . percent complained about an unequal power relationship between the two traditional allies .
for a different view of the island , try a manhattan harbor brunch cruise for two aboard a s style yacht
we are capable of winning our final three games .
the number of dead now stands at , , the social affairs ministry says .
as you stroll through a bamboo grove and take in views of manoa valley , nuuanu valley and the pali , the shade from ancient trees , birdsong and the smell of the forest make you forget that you are in a major city .
erakat told cnn s late edition the inclusion of the wider international community will correct the mistakes of the last israeli palestinian peace talks in the united states .
president bill clinton was joined yesterday by former korean presidents kim young sam and kim dae jung at an event in seoul , where the three reminisced on years of failed attempts to contain north korea s nuclear arms efforts .
in this last escapade , paris and nicole write their own play in tribute to their decades long friendship , enlisting the help of celebrity counselor sally kirkland to lead the production , e ! said in a release .
there s no multimedia presentation , no snack shop in the ancient city , no place to buy a drink just a guide droning on .
you don t get legislation through in the first days , it gets considerably tougher .
the u . s . state department and the fbi are investigating the incident .
it s no secret that the road ahead , particularly , is going to test our mettle , said lpga commissioner carolyn bivens .
new york s mayor and prosecutors want to know why hospital workers didn t tell police when they treated new york giants wide receiver plaxico burress after he shot himself in the leg .
those states have high concentrations of voters who have been strong clinton supporters latinos in texas , and blue collar workers in ohio and pennsylvania .
brown s decision came amid demands by activists for foreign leaders to boycott the ceremony in protest over beijing s crackdown on protests in tibet .
soba noodles in tsuyu soup , with deep fried shrimp on the side , or sample the classic tempura soba
she said negotiations between her opposition party and musharraf involve appointing a caretaker government , holding fair elections and returning to parliament powers that were removed after the coup in which musharraf seized power .
it is south america s largest oil exporter and the fourth largest supplier of crude to the united states .
another outsider looking to become a serious force is china . since a rankings high of in the world in , china has plummeted to sit at th .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill , the chief u . s . negotiator , said in geneva that north korean officials agreed they will provide a full declaration of all of their nuclear programs and will disable their nuclear programs by the end of this year .
bush thanked all those involved and said the bill was essential to stopping the crisis on wall street becoming a crisis in the wider economy .
spotted five days ago , they have hit a dead end after traveling miles through san francisco bay and up the sacramento river .
are still unaccounted for . at a news conference thursday , police in covina , california , said pardo knocked on the door of his in law s home , where they were having a christmas party attended by more than people .
bush also encouraged the chinese government to engage in substantive dialogue with the dalai lama s representatives and to allow access for journalists and diplomats , the statement said .
bruce springsteen and billy joel are planning a joint concert to benefit obama s campaign .
rising inflation increases the pressure on the european central bank to raise interests at its next meeting , despite the risk of slowing growth amid a global financial crisis , a possible u . s . recession and soaring energy costs .
the poll results will determine three national assembly members , six chiefs of local administrations and local councilors , nationwide .
there will be magic shows , costume contests , musical performances , readings and last but not least book sales . gallery fans show off their harry resemblances raquo
he flew in from geneva , where he had met north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan over the weekend .
pickton , , was tried for the killings of mona wilson , sereena abotsway , marnie frey , brenda wolfe , andrea joesbury and georgina papin .
but chadian prosecutor alain kagonbe tld bfm tv it was a very merciful ruling , and if that ruling had been rendered by the french justice system it would have been the same .
she is set to join british prime minister brown s government of all talents and move to london for three months to take advantage of the carlamania that is gripping the country .
if somebody uses your public key to send you an encoded message , you alone can decode it because you alone have the private key .
the insurgents wanted to scare away chinese businessmen from the region .
a british soldier also died sunday from wounds suffered in southern iraq when a roadside bomb exploded last week near the soldier s convoy , the british defense ministry said .
lance cpl . david motari , a marine based in hawaii with the st battalion , rd marine regiment , is being processed for separation , and also received non judicial punishment , officials said in the statement wednesday night .
clinton campaign chairman terry mcauliffe said puerto rico was another great win for the new york senator .
a team of about city inspectors beating villagers who tried to block trucks from unloading trash near their homes .
they are also saying we are going to kill the crew if our demands are not met .
his body was found dumped near a cemetery in the provincial capital of lashkar gah on sunday afternoon , nabi jan said .
she beat miss indiana nicole elizabeth rash , the first runner up , and miss washington elyse umemoto , the second runner up for the , scholarship and year of travel that comes with the crown .
the fact that such entertainment was primarily aimed at children and teens raised the ire of authorities , including social scientists , newspaper columnists and political leaders .
he also said a rise in divorces and childless couples has contributed to lowering the average number of family members .
maintenance is more important than aesthetics , new york city cosmetic dentist steven fox advises .
the vatican said a disgruntled young corporal , whose body was also found in the apartment , killed them both , then shot himself .
it s american history and world history , said trickey , the daughter of minniejean brown trickey , one of the little rock nine .
but the mission suffered a setback when the rocket failed to deliver one of two probes into orbit .
miliband said the government had a deep disappointment about the late news of the rendition flights , but he said britain believed the united states acted in good faith when it made the initial assurances that no flights had taken place .
li recently visited japan to lay the groundwork for wen s visit .
local news media reported that most of the bus passengers were from eloxochitlan , an extremely poor town in central mexico .
a little known san francisco company unveiled a personal computer that crams processor , memory , battery and storage into a package the size of a paperback novel .
what i think is funny is every single news person here apologized to me , said year old retired attorney martha karsh , out for a stroll with her college age daughter , katie , told the ap . it s not real news .
in africa , , people have died from cancer since the start of
thaksin , who became a billionaire in telecommunications , bought manchester city during his months of post coup exile .
there s a lot to be said for that immediate gut reaction , observes arlene matthews , a college counselor and author of getting in without freaking out three rivers press . it s all about whether they feel good there .
australia s prime minister john howard has warned his government that it risks annihilation by the opposition labor party in elections later this year .
no fewer than seven of them raced genentech to commercialize t pa , a blood clot dissolver for heart attacks .
they said militiamen torched all but two buildings in khor abeche , km from nyala on thursday .
sleeping in the florence area could mean halfway to bologna .
a blizzard that s hitting the upper midwest today will bring more heavy snow to the northeast by tomorrow .
south korea s main opposition party looks set to win at least of posts in key local and regional elections , according to exit polls .
i think that eventually , one way or another , there is going to have to be a palestinian government that accepts the quartet principles , because that is the only basis on which you can get a state , rice told reporters .
the federal reserve cut short term interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point , its seventh cut this year as part of a continuing effort to keep the u . s . economy from slipping into a recession , and left the door open for further cuts .
the new cnn orc poll also indicates that americans think obama would do a better job dealing with the tough economic times .
two workers were taken to hospital with smoke inhalation .
uri chairman shin apologizes on behalf of his late father .
oklahoma city bomber convicted for murders .
north korea halted the dismantling of the plutonium producing plants in august after a stalemate over verification measures .
we maintain a high visibility on campus not to catch you doing something wrong , but to give you a sense of security and safety , he wrote .
said the letter , addressed to the british parliament and released to media organizations by the iranian embassy in london , england .
scientists point out there s nothing new about these viruses .
tokyo , japan cnn a u . s . marine accused of raping a year old japanese woman last year was found guilty thursday of committing wrongful sexual contact and indecent acts , the u . s . military said , but he was acquitted of rape .
like most cities , dallas felt the effects of suburban sprawl in the early s .
target , macy s , and kohl s all say sales plunged by from a year ago .
nairobi , kenya cnn the kenyan government and opposition parties have reached a four point plan to end weeks of bloodshed , former u . n . secretary general kofi annan announced at a news conference friday .
in a statement , britannia operator limited , the oil company operating the rig , said the alert was raised following an allegation by a worker that there was a suspicious device on the installation .
the dinosaurs essentially starved to death .
mark smith , washington .
ethnic restaurants and supermarkets are commonplace in the united states .
many of them children
praising the troops , bush said , every day you show bravery under incredibly difficult circumstances . i m incredibly proud to be the commander in chief of such a great group of men and women .
one of the women , karen etchebery , claimed she was followed shortly after going to police .
the rebels told afghan authorities to trade taliban prisoners for the hostages by pm local time .
outh korea will pay up to . trillion won or . billion , for the relocation of u . s . military bases , about half of the total costs , the defense ministry said yesterday .
if there needs to be a little pressure then you know i will provide it , he said after talks with israeli prime minister ehud olmert .
but most saw it as a reminder by beijing of who s in charge amid tensions over the expected victory of pro democracy candidates in september elections .
to scientists surprise , the geomagnetic storm powering the auroras raced miles in a minute across the sky .
veteran striker henrik larsson is making a surprise return to the international arena after being named in sweden s squad for the european championship finals .
they sought shelter first in a lean to they made of branches , then in the culvert under a road .
one official said more than , people had died there , while thousands more were missing .
care of us , but on the other hand it s absurd that our freedom is being limited because of some militant groups , said liah ganeline , a second year medical student from israel .
you ask any sailor and they will tell you that you care for a ship , you tend to their needs and sometimes they play you up .
by next fall , nasa plans to launch its biggest red planet rover yet , the . billion , suv size mars research laboratory .
he also said he considers himself the luckiest guy in the world .
government invoked emergency arbitration .
the statistics office attributed the fall largely to the strengthening won , which may hurt local exporters by making korean products more expensive overseas .
the bus was destroyed and as many as people were wounded in the explosion , acccording to the state run associated press of pakistan .
he said the boat was for him and his partner and he was going sailing around the world , hopkin said .
the continued increase in the global population will only exacerbate the situation .
syria and saudi arabia agreed to attend the conference just days ago after a push from the arab league , which agreed to participate following a meeting on friday .
mervyn edward griffin jr . was born in san mateo , south of san francisco on july , , the son of a stockbroker .
directed by laurent cantet , the class entre les murs was the first french film to win the main prize , the palme d or , at cannes since under satan s sun in .
speaking in florida , where he has been visiting the headquarters of us central command , bush warned that withdrawing troops too early could turn iraq into a cauldron of chaos .
the family is concentrating on its internet and media campaigns to publicize her disappearance across europe .
he had earlier visited japan and guam .
one man , however , was charged with arson and homicide in connection with a fire near the southern town of areopolis on friday that killed six people .
london , england cnn a web site that encourages girls as young as seven to give virtual dolls breast implants and put them on crash diets has caused concern among parents and children s activists .
it was better than we could have imagined , barry goldstein , project manager for the phoenix mission , told cnn .
a joint statement hailed the talks as a breakthrough toward a just and durable solution to the mindanao conflict .
giles fielder civil said he believed winehouse and his son , blake fielder civil , had used cocaine , crack cocaine and heroin and were in abject denial about their problem .
following the government s action the iba suspended its study , which was due to start on monday .
it has become scorsese s biggest commercial hit , and critics praised it as a welcome return to the vivid , bloody crime genre whose modern conventions the director helped pioneer in such films as taxi driver and goodfellas .
while many scientists once thought that only lighter greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , could travel across the earth , they now say that aerosol clouds can too .
last wednesday , the illinois senator said that if it were necessary to root out terrorists , he would send u . s . forces into pakistan without the country s approval .
a chrysler spokeswoman says the company will reach out and notify specific dealers before it has any more to say in public .
in the six party talks to be resumed late this month , the south and the north must work together to make substantial progress in solving the nuclear issue , blue house spokesman kim man soo quoted the president as telling the north s delegation .
the two coalition service members were killed and were hurt in a helicopter crash southeast of baghdad , according to multi national force iraq .
we have to take some bold steps now to make sure that we prevent the worst from occurring .
taro aso , while speaking to the budget committee at the house of councilors on wednesday , was quoted as saying , south korea and china are helping north korea . i cannot comprehend why they would do so .
tim geitner is uniquely qualified uh , to do this job
las vegas , nevada cnn scores of bikini clad babes and bare chested hunks downing drinks by the pool .
a few thousand people joined the march through the rainy capital , according to initial police counts .
naha , japan cnn at a zen buddhist temple in southern japan , even the dog prays .
cruise , during a famously heated debate on nbc s today show in , criticized brooke shields for taking anti depression drugs and berated host matt lauer for suggesting that psychiatric treatment might help some patients .
players outside mobile savvy japan will have to wait .
two were blinded and remain hospitalized , and two were treated and released , he said .
this is a strong message to north korea , he added .
will announce plans to cut its global workforce by , , or nearly percent , according to newspaper reports .
the palestinian islamic party hamas , which wrested control of gaza from its fatah rivals two weeks ago , has pledged to seek his release .
even the police are investigating .
these incidents have exposed serious problems in the production and distribution of medicines , the information times cited one of the plaintiffs lawyers as saying in the hearing that began on monday .
with the reputation and credibility of the united states on the line , the controversy was inflamed by graphic new pictures .
earlier , he turned on his court appointed lawyers , accusing them of criminal non assistance .
i guess i m a little bit disappointed at the final price , i d hoped it to be a little higher than that , usher told nine network television on monday .
it has been a contested area for some number of months , nato spokesman maj . john thomas said .
canberra , australia cnn koalas are threatened by the rising level of carbon dioxide pollution in the atmosphere because it saps nutrients from the eucalyptus leaves they feed on , a researcher said .
in a statement issued in miranshah , the main town , the militants accused the government of breaking the agreement .
the plan is not a quick fix .
he also said he believed deeply in european integration , but appealed to france s partners to understand the importance of what the called social protection .
news of his rejection came as the two sides resumed talks .
the first state run center for migrant workers will open today in daerim dong , southwestern seoul , to help migrant workers adapt to korean society , korean government officials said yesterday .
the united nations food and agriculture organization fao has declared the international year of the potato to raise awareness of the tuber s importance in addressing global hunger , poverty , and threats to the environment .
dhs will begin accepting applications via a secure internet site on august , and will require visitors to use the internet system beginning january , homeland security secretary michael chertoff said .
only three husband , anderson and indian born chawla had flown before .
she was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances . she was proud of her grandchildren and great grandchildren and left this world with the knowledge that her impact on all of us was meaningful and enduring .
reports have suggested that pyongyang already may have as many as a dozen nuclear bombs .
the buildings are located in downtown moscow , about midway between red square and lubyanka , the headquarters of the kgb , where political prisoners were interrogated and executions carried out .
some police were needed to rescue the men and restore order after they fled to a pizzeria and the mob tried to force its way in .
the suicide bombing took place as a train was pulling into fort station the country s main railway station in colombo s city center , authorities said .
we did talk about the need to keep the temperature down , rice said after seeing putin in an effort to calm rising tensions between the former cold war enemies .
the ap s mark smith is live at the white house to explain
that s been my forte as the governor of an energy producing state and as a former chair of the , of the energy regulator entity up there in alaska , she said .
stevens is charged with lying on senate disclosure forms .
and what s the key to doing a good bush ?
i can actually , on a regular basis , save to at the grocery store .
despite all the efforts , analysts say most computers in europe and america are not recycled but scrapped .
korea s performance in some other areas , however , is less impressive , with th place for indices for transparency and corruption , th for quality of life and th for inflation rate .
i saw them almost as soon as i walked into the ithaca farmers market
he stressed that the gunmen are local criminals not members of the taliban or al qaeda militant groups who carry out such kidnappings for ransom payments .
appelhans said the man had been threatening since autumn to release pictures of their meetings together .
once the nuclear disablement is completed , washington and pyongyang are to begin talks on normalizing their diplomatic relations , one of north korea s key goals .
it might be diverse , but not everyone is happy .
portobello festival is popular with celebrities such as kelly osborne and courtney love , who have attended the festival s screenings and premieres .
one of the church s annual half million visitors agreed the installation was done with historic sensibility .
targets for privatization include the korea expressway corp . , incheon international airport corp . , the korea airports corp . , korea housing guarantee , korea district heating , korea appraisal board , and power plant subsidiaries of korea electric power corp .
the presumed republican nominee also wants to create an alternative system for paying income taxes and double the income tax exemption for dependents , mccain said during a tuesday speech at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh .
set your alarm to wake up half an hour before the plane touches down .
the team confirmed the sellout at the end of the fourth inning and lee kept his end of the promise .
the european parliament this year approved a new transparency rule mandating that airfares have to include all taxes , fees and charges added to the basic ticket price and known at the time of publication .
but when police launched their nationwide search early this month for men with tattoos , they were looking for a new breed of criminals young men who have their bodies tattooed to evade the country s mandatory military service , crucial to its defense against communist north korea .
u . s . president george w . bush on tuesday justified recognizing kosovo as an independent nation , saying that doing so will bring peace to a region scarred by war .
the investment in petrol electric hybrids is massive .
more than million people attended the demonstration last week in the aegean city of izmir .
in october , u . s . officials claimed north korean officials admitted to a clandestine uranium enrichment program that could be used to develop nuclear weapons and that violated its international commitments .
the north korean media was monitored by south korea s yonhap news agency .
after taking a break from the elections , more congressional hearings this week on the nation s financial crisis
you ve seen the stories about how this is supposedly the worst summer for air travel since the wright brothers took to the skies .
newspapers show different attitude toward mbc live music show .
next to the calories and nutrition details on the side of a food package , you may soon be looking at the words china free , as the labeling movement that debuted in the u . s . is quietly trickling into south korean food and beverage industries .
north korea agreed sunday to declare and disable all its nuclear programs by the end of the year , the chief u . s . negotiator said the first time the communist country has offered a timeline to end its secretive atomic program .
nasa said it requested nowak s detail be ended because the agency lacks the administrative means to deal appropriately with the criminal charges pending against nowak .
mokbel faces trial at home where authorities allege he ordered and paid for the murder of rival crime boss lewis moran in a melbourne club in .
exxon mobil reports it made more money last year than any other american company ever , more than billion and the company it beat that held the old record was itself .
the tech fueled nasdaq composite charts index slid . percent , cutting bigger losses .
paul is seen squatting in the lobby of the hotel to tie his shoe laces , shifting his weight from one foot to another and rising steadily .
a pas de deux in front of the milky way with wall e propelled by a fire extinguisher , eve s maternal glow as she carries out her primary directive , the fleeting moment when first time space traveler wall e turns back , sees the earth and tries to share his joy in the discovery .
the reports come after abe s scandal scarred government lost control of the upper house of parliament in july elections .
they support israel which to them includes jewish settlements on the occupied west bank .
south korea has been the second largest contributor to the u . s . led coalition operation in iraq , after britain .
japan has said it will resume bilateral talks with north korea on saturday .
as they cleared the area , they found several bodies .
clinton , a new york senator who has consistently performed well in larger states and enjoys core support among traditional democratic voters , carried a seven point lead over obama in polls going into the vote in the key northeastern state .
i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture .
price increases have helped shore up revenue as traffic in u . s . stores flattened and then declined last quarter for the first time since the company went public in .
london , england cnn britain s largest union is merging with united steelworkers , creating the first trans atlantic labor organization , the two labor groups said sunday .
according to pew , obama leads mccain among women , percent to percent .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh condemned the attack and offered rewards to anyone who assists in the investigation , according to saba , yemen s official news agency .
by wearing two hats , daschle not white house staffers will be writing the health care plan that obama submits to congress next year .
tens of thousands of right wing israelis have rallied in tel aviv , calling for prime minister ehud olmert to quit over his handling of last year s lebanon war .
web sites associated with those names will not actually appear in browsers until a later stage in testing .
they feel , they ruminate over it , bybee said .
mexican authorities have evacuated tourist resorts and shut down off shore oil facilities ahead of the potentially devastating arrival of hurricane dean .
a wave of bombings that followed the red mosque siege left dozens dead .
he not only scored a convincing victory in north carolina , but he also made hillary clinton s path to the nomination even more difficult by finishing closely behind her in indiana .
in mammals at risk of extinction
set in the very eye of the war on terror , this is necessarily a grim and painful movie , but the tense , raw alliance of reporters and public officials from three continents has us hoping against hope for a breakthrough .
i don t like that , professional kenyan runner stanley leleito said playfully , burying his head in his hands when told of the forecast .
from a distance , it looks like an apparition
hurricane felix weakened monday to a category storm , but the national hurricane center warned it s still dangerous and could strengthen .
roddick had said her business ethics were partly inspired by women s beauty rituals that she discovered while traveling in developing countries .
beijing is reported to be spending at least billion on the venues and related infrastructure , all designed to feature a modern country that has grown in three decades to a political and economic powerhouse .
but bush critics , especially in the right wing of the republican party , claim that the president is lowering the bar for the nation he once included in his axis of evil . they say bush appears more interested in striking a deal with pyongyang before he leaves office than in making north korea honor its pledge .
when a landslide blocked the mine s main entrance , one of the trapped men , using his personal cell phone , called australia s equivalent to from about half a mile one kilometer under ground .
bush has repeatedly cited successful efforts to bring anbar tribesmen over to the coalition s side in the fight against al qaeda in iraq as evidence of u . s . military success .
it urged north korea to answer all unresolved questions relating to the abduction of foreigners clearly and transparently .
the anguished parents of madeleine mccann , the british girl missing for more than a week after appparently being snatched from a portuguese vacation resort , have made a fresh appeal for her return .
sarkozy , , and bruni , , first surfaced as a couple earlier this month on a visit to disneyland paris .
obama , mccain discuss need for new era of reform
more crucially , the authors assume that labor markets function perfectly and that higher wages are based only on changes in human capital .
entire islands and mountains have disappeared to be used in land reclamation sites and for the new chek lap kok airport .
he said that he hoped people realized that he was no longer a radical bomb thrower and that he was now firmly in the american mainstream .
in recent months , palestinian militants have fired hundreds of unguided and crudely made qassam rockets into israel .
us marine commanders have defended their decision not to send troops into falluja to quell the macabre disturbances that followed after four american civilians were killed and their bodies dragged through the streets .
the company apologized to china s government and its people for any offense arising from misinterpretations of its well established position of neutrality .
in addition , further sharp increases in crude oil prices have put renewed upward pressure on inflation , and may impose further restraint on economic activity .
he noted that the content of gadahn s message is nothing new .
in his acceptance speech , the nominee pledged that he would do his best to win the presidential race .
but on a day when the air quality is poor , she often struggles to catch her breath .
president barack obama says it s time to change the way things are done in the nation s capital
that leg has been shrouded in secrecy because of political sensitivities surrounding tibet .
his first wife , linda , died of breast cancer in .
in the landslide election of , lyndon johnson won victories in the northeast , west and southwest .
the senate is scheduled to vote on the bill at thursday evening .
though that element certainly still exists , now there are also a few very sophisticated restaurants and hotels the blue wing saloon and the tallman hotel , most notably , as well as or so worthwhile wineries .
in october , a coalition of dairy farmers , consumer groups , and environmentalists in wisconsin announced a boycott of monsanto , claiming that its genetically engineered products are unsafe .
authorities believe all had been abused or were at immediate risk of future abuse , a state spokesman said .
while writers picket in hollywood and new york , the impact of a strike entering its fourth day was being felt beyond the east and west coasts .
two adult fish were released into the crofton pond two years ago , police said .
bogota , colombia cnn millions of colombians wearing white t shirts marched in their homeland and abroad monday , to demand the country s largest rebel group stop kidnapping people and release those it holds .
taking measures to address the humanitarian crisis and promoting reconciliation , healing and restoration , annan said .
while interpol declined to release the suspect s name , police in thailand said a year old canadian named christopher paul neil is the person sought .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistani president pervez musharraf said wednesday that british investigators are heading to pakistan to help clear up the confusion surrounding thursday s assassination of benazir bhutto .
many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview .
it s more important for him than to win another gold medal .
it felt pretty scary , haydn jones of nottingham , who lives in a third floor apartment , told cnn .
today , siena s thriving historic center , with traffic free , red brick lanes cascading every which way , offers italy s best gothic city experience .
mentioning that the right of u . s . president george w . bush to negotiate trade and commerce agreements will expire in june , she said the administration is obliged to finish the korea u . s .
the us and its allies fear iran is building a nuclear weapons capability .
one economist now says the economy has slipped into a depression .
a guilty plea today from former detroit mayor kwame kilpatrick s chief of staff .
researchers predict that the recurring oxygen depleted dead zone off the louisiana coast will grow this summer to , square miles its largest in at least years .
she says she s only going to do it until the election , regardless of the outcome .
we are in love , and this year my birthday wish is to be able to stand when we get married , he said .
the us military cannot account for , ak assault rifles and pistols given to the iraqi security forces , an official us report says .
what we said is what we ve said to north korea , if you want to if you want the way forward , if you want to be accepted by the world , if you want not to be isolated , get rid of your weapons programs .
it is a world undergoing profound change .
such actions are dangerous and could have quickly escalated into something much worse , said geoff morrell , pentagon press secretary .
he said it was not yet clear how many of the dogs had taken part in the mauling or why they had turned on the caretaker .
the most in more than five years .
in addition , asean countries committed to send medical personnel for a total of to help with the medical needs of the displaced population .
the quake also prompted a tsunami warning for peru , as well as chile , ecuador and colombia .
they were in iran visiting family members or engaged in professional work , according to the u . s . state department and their relatives and employers .
the party revised its constitution in november to that effect , in a stated attempt to make its primary election campaigns for the presidential nomination fairer .
carrie s stoop , charlotte s gallery and that restaurant where samantha threw a martini in a boyfriend s face .
proceeds from the auctions , which are held in a lavish hotel here , go to a rehabilitation center for victims of traffic accidents .
government interference would amount to censorship , he said .
the th seed battled back from a set and a break down to overcome the world number one in the all russian fourth round match , setting up a quarter final against china s li na , who upset serb seventh seed jelena jankovic .
for the last man on earth , will smith sure has a lot of friends .
the scientist floated in the air , free of his wheelchair and electronic communication gear for the first time in years . many people have asked me why i am taking this flight .
uri party formed a committee to investigate bribery scandal surrounding cheonggye stream restoration .
she said the accused had sought to target facilities visited by americans , such as nightclubs , pubs or airports .
under the kyoto treaty on greenhouse gases blamed for global warming , companies that generate large amounts of polluting carbon dioxide and methane can buy offsetting credits from projects that remove contaminants .
she has our full support professionally , emotionally and financially , the label said in a statement . we ve advised her to take complete rest during this difficult period and have put all her promotional commitments on hold .
sebire insisted there was no reason her doctors should not be permitted to help her commit suicide .
men were more likely to be heavy drinkers than women . but the link between brain volume and alcohol wasn t as strong in men .
brazilian model ana carolina reston died in november at age .
shia labeouf was charged with misdemeanor criminal trespassing after the transformers star refused to leave a chicago drug store , police said sunday .
the president and the queen took markedly different approaches to their formal remarks .
no korean president has made such a demand since japan paid compensation when the two countries restored diplomatic relations in . roh said at the yu gwan sun memorial hall in seoul .
according to al jazeera , the girls were attacked with battery acid .
white house spokeswoman dana perino accused the democrats of releasing the report for partisan reasons and to muddy the waters after a series of positive reports from iraq including a reduction in violence , increased economic capacity of the country , and signs of continued political reconciliation from the bottom up .
two thirds of members must attend before an official session can be held . the next session has been scheduled for october .
now , with the movie follow up to the show set to premiere later this month , a number of them are planning trips so that they can see sex and the city . . . in the city .
while some are now trendy hotels and restaurants , they still look so authentically ancient that mel gibson filmed scenes here for the passion of the christ .
clinton is also hoping for a win in pennsylvania in april .
clarence house said prince harry was very disappointed but would not be leaving the army as a result .
they urged their supporters to show up in large numbers .
there is no doubt that charles is less popular than the queen , who commands wide respect throughout britain for her unswerving devotion to duty for more than half a century .
in , bombings of commuter trains in madrid , spain , killed people .
the korea win solution corp .
have led to about million in north korean funds being frozen at a macau bank .
neither candidate is expected to reach the , delegates needed to win the democratic nomination .
the emergence of the mobile phone and the rise of text messaging as a popular means of communication would appear to have impacted on standards of writing as evidenced in the responses of candidates , the report said , according to wednesday s irish times .
some doctors have been concerned about replacing face to face contact with virtual contact .
we plan to use hair and other keratin containing body parts , such as nail and horn , to untangle the secrets of populations that lived long ago , so these populations can send a message from the past about what it might have taken for them to survive , schuster said .
chinese hopeful liu will return for berlin
authorities in punjab province have already barred a rally by bhutto s pakistan people s party .
an obama administration plan to go after employers who knowingly hire and exploit illegal workers is not much different from the bush administration s .
aside from a few movies based on legends , or old stories , most north korean films advertise the totalitarian government and its socialist creed .
this a much bigger figure than the eight who registered in and the eight who registered in .
the new hall will be used from the next parliamentary regular session that begins s ept .
barack obama and hillary clinton are in a neck and neck race for the democratic nomination .
tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama has been cleared to resume international travel after a medical checkup showed he has recovered from a recent abdominal ailment , his spokesman said .
that drew criticism from many spaniards , who said the words seemed to hark back to franco s obsession with spain as a unitary state fending off the independence minded zeal of regions like catalonia and the basque country .
the robot also will investigate how the water may change the chemistry and mineralogy of the soil , scientists said .
more than , refugees have arrived in the yemeni port city of aden since january , compared with , people in the first four months of , according to a spokesperson for the united nations high commissioner for refugees .
try to sleep at take off when gravitational forces and a shortage of fresh oxygen make ideal conditions for dozing off
after uncovering evidence it said showed funds were being used for illegal activities in countries such as china .
as authorities continued efforts to free south korean fishermen being held by somali pirates yesterday , seoul is set today to sign an anti piracy treaty in singapore .
tourists holed up in downtown athens hotels were told by hotel staff not to leave their rooms as police fanned out across the city , brown said .
paris , france cnn right wing candidate nicolas sarkozy and socialist rival segolene royal will face each other in a presidential run off after they came through a first round vote on sunday , preliminary results showed .
lohan was released at a . m .
only a fraction of the trees on corner lots and at garden centers will bear the tag , however .
a judge filed preliminary charges against former president jacques chirac on wednesday in a probe of suspicions that people were given fake jobs while he was mayor of paris , his lawyer said .
bernanke s also warning of further sizeable job losses and increased unemployment in the coming months .
the tigers of south east asia have built their booms by welcoming foreigners .
in a statement as the meeting opened , chen said the session meant that both sides have grasped a rare historic opportunity and that future talks should deal with finance . we face a global economic slowdown and uncertainties have increased in the environment .
its impact on the understanding of gene function and its benefits to mankind will continue to increase over many years to come , the award citation said .
but like copy proof key disks of the past , these methods can frustrate legitimate buyers and are frequently overcome by industrious software pirates .
grassley is sharply critical of the economic stimulus plan and obama s proposed . trillion budget , saying the price tag will have to be covered by the middle class .
we have numerous , uh multiple refuges made at this time
the senior spanish government source said a man had been trying to commandeer the boeing to paris .
it is alleged the board paid millions of dollars in bribes to saddam hussein s regime to secure contracts .
by , the remaining , will be withdrawn gradually , he added .
but communist party leader gennady zyuganov told journalists that his party did not believe the initial results , and said the party planned to conduct a vote count of their own .
witnesses said the strike came as worshippers had gathered for afternoon prayers .
emergency rule is not compatible with free , fair and credible elections , said john negroponte , a day after meeting the pakistani leader .
originally , we wanted restaurants to keep percent of the areas smoke free , but owners of chinese restaurants both big and small worried the plan would hurt their business , zhang peili , an official with beijing s municipal government supervising the ban , told the newspaper .
it is the first time for an incumbent top tax official to appear before prosecutors since the tax office was separated from the ministry of finance and economy in .
tonight , i can stand before you and say that i will be the democratic nominee for president of the united states .
kim listed maintaining respect for people and their rights , politically neutral and independent investigations , future oriented approaches among prosecutors , and reforming the prosecutors office as the most critical issues he would deal with during his term .
like the animals in formaldehyde you have got an actual animal in there . it is not a representation .
yet the struggle for equality , recognition and respect continues .
the company won contracts totaling more than million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police .
lyon , france cnn french police have discovered the bodies of three babies hidden in boxes in a house in eastern france , a judicial source said on thursday .
the bbc s charles scanlon in seoul said a deal was reached with only minutes to spare after a marathon session of talks . there was intense pressure to close a deal because president george w bush s trade promotion authority , a so called fast track power , ends on july st , and any agreement had to be reached days beforehand by the end of sunday .
in nigeria , a rebel group responsible for a large number of the attacks on the country s oil industry ended a month long truce , while an attack on a shell oil rig in the delta served as a reminder of the supply risks there .
he is not going to let this whip him , and he s upbeat , bush told reporters in the rose garden . my attitude is we need to pray for him .
the deputy chief of the polish mission said pietrzyk was released wednesday afternoon from a u . s . military hospital and was to be taken first to ramstein air base in germany and then to poland for further treatment .
the spaniard triumphed to hand federer a third straight defeat in the final at roland garros , with the swiss top seed still seeking to win the only grand slam crown missing from his collection .
according to the jerusalem post , interior minister meir sheetrit was one of many who called for a broad military offensive .
sales of used homes rose last month .
superior court judge robert schnider refused to make stern a part of the paternity court action but said he would review the matter in two weeks after he considers the law more closely , opri said .
the lawsuit , filed tuesday in u . s . district court in the group s hometown of detroit , seeks unspecified damages .
the trail blazers ended months of debate thursday night when they chose oden over fellow college freshman durant with the no . pick in a highly anticipated nba draft .
we ve known for a long time that the mice were killing albatross chicks in huge numbers , said rspb scientist richard cuthbert , who recently visited the island to assess the problem .
in a joint statement the two ministers said a free trade agreement fta would open new markets and expand opportunities for korean and eu businesses while giving valuable momentum to liberalization of global trade .
round the world racers to go on pirate alert
university officials reported the threat to police around a . m . saturday , said los angeles police department spokesman officer mike lopez .
meanwhile , the number of americans filing new claims for unemployment last week topped forecasts predicting , .
his wife , michelle obama , filled in for him at events in columbus and akron , ohio , on october .
the foreign secretary said thursday s revelations were the result of new information the united states gave to britain last friday .
a heavy overnight snowstorm blanketed jerusalem and other parts of the holy land in white on wednesday , closing schools and stores and grounding public transportation .
of her , members , sluppick said , people have reported their financial losses .
top nuclear negotiators from the united states and north korea continued with a rare and exclusive meeting in berlin to discuss the denuclearization of the communist regime .
earlier , xinhua reported that two women had been pulled alive from the rubble of a collapsed residential building in the sichuan county of beichuan .
meanwhile obama , who s been campaigning in oregon , focused his attacks on sen . john mccain , the presumptive republican nominee .
swiss born steffen is one of dozens of scientists who have peppered the greenland ice cap with instruments to measure temperature , snowfall and the movement , thickness and melting of the ice .
jupiter s year is much longer than an earth year it s years , she said .
twitpay was one of several projects in development at startup weekend , held november in atlanta , georgia .
los angeles , california cnn in hollywood , santa claus comes in all stripes , from the childlike edmund gwenn in miracle on th street to north pole draftee tim allen in the santa clause flicks to gutter mouth billy bob thornton in bad santa .
and we believe that the geneva convention clearly prohibits the extradition of a prisoner of war and requires immediate repatriation back to his own country .
drew peterson is due in court this afternoon .
the joong ang ilbo reports the company has decided to close its research and development center in korea .
so many fires breaking out simultaneously in so many parts of the country cannot be a coincidence , prime minister costas karamanlis said in a nationally televised address on saturday .
infants , the elderly and people with weakened immune systems are at greatest risk for severe infections .
the mother of the children , who were born in , and and all died shortly after birth , admitted on wednesday she tried to hide them and was held for questioning .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn
the interview comes at a time when the governing camp has been strongly criticized by the nation s largest opposition grand national party gnp for allegedly weakening the alliance .
perhaps the inevitability of another catastrophic earthquake accounts for the lack of emotional attachment to the city s architecture
the club currently competes in the unibond league s first division south , seven divisions beneath the english premier league .
the major sorting center in belfast , for example , has intercepted scores of such homemade devices using the technology .
but the united states still holds the top spot as the country with the most billionaires americans account for percent of the world s billionaires and percent of the total wealth , according to forbes .
everyone has a theory to explain the plummeting ratings
four cabinet ministers accompanied bachelet to help coordinate aid and recovery efforts , according to the associated press .
kids are everywhere in the lobby sushi bar , splashing in the pools , checking out the exotic birds , playing lawn croquet or racing around the property s acres .
a few months after snagging love , the label signed the doors . and the rest , one could say , is history
cnn shuffling through airport security in your socks or sitting in traffic may seem like a breeze compared with the stresses of settling in under the same roof with family .
british police identified iraqi physician bilal abdulla , , as one of the two men suspected of leaving two car bombs in central london on friday and ramming an explosives laden sport utility vehicle into a terminal at glasgow airport on saturday .
some of the money for the campaign comes from gore himself .
ana s president apologized for the problems with bombardier aircraft at the airline s annual shareholder meeting in june .
they called on the government and tour operator hyundai asan to immediately halt the program which they accused of financially benefiting the north s rulers and its weapons program .
eight pakistan commandos were killed in tuesday s raid , which began in the predawn hours , he said .
uri party with dlp and mdp agreed to jointly submit a bill to abolish the national security law .
about soldiers had arrived to help with disaster relief , and military aircraft were examining the damage .
the year old juvenile moved in with galindo and when payments were not received , the father , martinez , called greenfield pd to bring back the daughter , according to a written police statement .
in internet searches , stryde hax allegedly uncovered web pages showing lists complied by china s general administration of sport that show a date of birth for he . that would make her
but as a saint of our times has said , every day we are called to do small things with great love .
but my counterpart wendy cutler and i agreed that it is important to make progress on major issues in this round , because it is the final round of talks this year .
this one is the first one that is at the same time probably rocky , with water , and in a zone close to the star where the water could exist in liquid form , said stephane udry of the geneva observatory in switzerland , who led the study .
microsoft shares dropped slightly to . after closing at . on nasdaq .
japan s government friday released some key reports indicating the island nation s economy is suffering along with the rest of the world .
the economy that never stops has its downside .
stocks giving back some of the gains from a two day rally .
hamas prime minister ismail haniya delivered a defiant speech monday , promising that the current conflict with israel will deliver a new future to the people of gaza .
the new plans are largely better plans .
tladi said the corruption charges were linked to agliotti to a certain extent .
in various regions of our solar system , competing gravitational forces virtually cancel each other out , leaving corridors through which spacecraft can travel with little effort , according to lo .
it also said it was setting up a new lending program under which so called primary dealers could borrow directly from the fed at the discount rate .
the solidarity center describes itself as an international nonprofit allied organization of the afl cio established to provide assistance to workers around the world .
england has a two tier dental care system with some dentists offering publicly subsidized treatment through the national health service and others performing more expensive private work .
still , she says scavenging for food in the dump is actually an improvement on her previous life .
kesuma , as the boy was named , was flung into the depths of mount bromo .
here are actors and the legendary roles they turned down
fda officials said they are issuing more warnings and even pulling some drugs off the market .
this is the rd space walk of the mission , and it s considered to be the most difficult and delicate job yet for the atlantis astronauts .
wolfgang tiefensee , the minister responsible for east germany , was speaking after a mob of about germans attacked and chased eight indians through the streets of a small eastern town at the weekend . people are fearing for their health , people are fearing for their lives , he told reporters .
tony blair is to become a middle east envoy working on behalf of the us , russia , the un and the eu .
sharon was considering a trip to paris , but no date had been set .
the dumplings were imported in november from chinese manufacturer hebei foodstuffs import export group tianyang food processing , the ministry said .
the bombing killed others and wounded , including who police said were in critical condition .
police are having difficulty identifying the dead victims of the fire at a warehouse in icheon , due to severe bodily damage .
afghan president hamid karzai has issued a decree asking the country s election commission to set a new date for the country s presidential election .
the realignment of the u . s .
we will not be changing it to tsuyoko since it is loved by citizens by the current name , yamaguchi said .
the portuguese woman , his romantic partner , was arrested because she was with him at their luxury home in southern spain , but was not named on the french warrant , the police official said .
atlantis is staying in orbit
most pastureland is next to forests .
one of the first reported wireless viruses was aimed at the palm os , developed by palm computing , and released in september .
the global competitiveness report released yesterday showed that asia s fourth largest economy climbed notches .
chavez , seeking to transform venezuelan society along socialist lines , will present his blueprint for constitutional reform wednesday .
the mother has already filed suit in courts in paris and geneva , switzerland seeking compensation from sheikh khalifa , president of the united arab emirates , and the prime minister and vice president of dubai , sheikh mohammed al maktoum .
why today s young americans are more confident , assertive , entitled and more miserable than ever before , said narcissists tend to lack empathy , react aggressively to criticism and favor self promotion over helping others .
asked whether u . s . president george w . bush would go to the opening portion of the olympics , white house press secretary dana perino demurred , citing the fluid nature of a foreign trip .
it seems that fans like making it easy for uefa to punish them .
prince charles and his companion , camilla parker bowles , will not attend the wedding of his godson this weekend , sparking reports in newspapers that they refused to be seated apart .
the year old rather , whose final months were clouded by controversy over the report , says the complaint stems from cbs intentional mishandling of the aftermath of the story .
shaquille o neal added points and james posey pulled down rebounds .
they named it tsuyoshi , after the popular baseball outfielder tsuyoshi shinjo , and waited until it reached reproductive age .
entering to the theme song from the rocky movies , clinton compared herself to rocky balboa , the boxing hero played by sylvester stallone , during an address to the afl cio in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
foreign journalists were not allowed along the route , where cheering bystanders shouted go china ! under sunny skies .
it s hard to get lost and there s no danger of traffic jams .
a third woman died when she became trapped in her flooded cellar .
an attack on an african union army base in the sudanese region of darfur has killed at least peacekeepers .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , according to wire service reports from moscow , said we have really urged the chinese over several years to find a way to talk with the dalai lama , who is a figure of authority , who is not a separatist , and to find a way to engage him and bring his moral weight to a more sustainable and better solution of the tibet issue .
that made overall wholesale prices rise more than expected in april .
the researchers have a couple of theories .
donald morrison , spokesman for baa scotland which operates a number of airports in the country , said obviously because heathrow is such a busy airport there s going to be a knock on effect on flights and this will affect scottish passengers .
the car industry instead faces a softer target of grams , said an eu diplomat speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter .
barack obama had a formidable online presence during his quest for the white house , and he is once again turning to the internet to communicate with the american public as president elect .
jewel thieves caught with m ruby
the aircraft landed in philadelphia about minutes later , and none of the passengers or six crew members aboard was injured .
he wanted a brighter and freer pakistan , rajput says , as she turns the delicate pages of the scrapbook .
the species had not been observed alive in more than eight decades , since they were collected for a museum in .
hillary replied in a familiar fashion
experts aren t sure how long the comet s show will last but estimate it could be weeks if not months .
that blast struck a bus outside the targeted building , killing many of those on board , according to algeria s state run news agency .
dicaprio , nominated for an academy award for his role in the film blood diamond last year , will play a newcomer who exposes the accounting fraud at the houston based company , the studio said .
in the grass plaza behind the year old gate , a makeshift mourning altar was set up with apples , ears and soju on a picnic mat .
nearby another cornell scientist and his wife sold their bumper crop of squash and pumpkins in brilliant shades of red , orange and yellow .
the national democratic party has filed a formal complaint with election officials , saying mccain is trying to skirt election laws by opting out of the program .
it s a really challenging play , and if i can pull it off we don t know if i can yet i hope people will stop and think , maybe he can do something other than harry , he said .
some countries have reserved the right to study the ins and outs of the deal , an eu ambassador said on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue .
but the bush administration has balked on proposals to let the automakers tap the billion wall street bailout approved in october .
the two were even closer friday evening , when chavez was to addressed an anti imperialist rally in a soccer stadium in buenos aires while bush was in montevideo , uruguay , across the river plate .
a video posted earlier wednesday , by sturmgeist , was titled jokela high school massacre .
in may , washington said it would cut a third of the , u . s . troops stationed in korea by the end of next year , prompting concerns in seoul of a sudden security vacuum .
the sequel from time warner inc . unit warner bros . topped the previous wednesday record of . million for s spider man , according to box office tracker media by numbers .
that includes for most individuals and more than billion for businesses .
wal mart wmt , fortune stores inc said it would only sell blu ray players and discs .
tour de france director christian prudhomme told reporters rasmussen s eviction by his team was the best piece of news we ve had in the last eight days as the race continued on thursday without a rider in the overall leader s yellow jersey .
the objective is the elimination of the pkk terrorism , davutogulu said , addressing a press conference with iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari .
police said they think the attack at the zoo was intended to cause panic rather than casualties .
israel rejected the newly anointed palestinian unity government sunday after the palestinian prime minister said the deal didn t rule out popular resistance against occupation .
kwon jae yoon and lee yoon gyeong , year old high school students , stood there and prayed .
advice to obama on battling presidential aging
fifty four percent of those questioned in a cnn opinion research corp . survey conducted after the debate ended said that obama did the best job in the debate , with percent saying sen . john mccain performed better .
it would have been his first grass court match since losing to john mcenroe in the wimbledon final .
vatican officials said on monday that the mccann family would be among those brought up to greet the pope during his weekly audience with faithful in st . peter s square .
des moines , iowa cnn the presidential candidates began the new year making their pitches to undecided voters and working hard to motivate their supporters to get out and participate in thursday s iowa caucuses .
there is no limit on how long the suspects can be detained after a warrant application , but judges usually respond to such requests within hours .
elite jamboree of uh , rich capitalist leaders of the world .
the special ad hoc committee looked into allegations wolfowitz broke conflict of interest rules in dealing with his girlfriend , shaha riza , who left the world bank when wolfowitz took over the top spot in .
it is this painstaking attention to detail that murray has built a career on , but he concedes that the material and process selection has been the most challenging task of the whole project .
a south korean foreign ministry spokesman also confirmed the body was that of shim sungmin .
fighting sparked by a government led push against outlaw militias in the southern city of basra had left more than people dead by saturday , according to iraqi authorities .
even though he s been reaching out to other former opponents like hillary clinton , the president elect is not expected to offer mccain a job in his administration .
it s no fun when a wild tusker is lumbering toward you , and you are trapped in a jeep with no choice but to drive in reverse on a muddy , twisting , hilly road flanked by a jungle on the left and a gurgling river to the right .
when asked why iran s leadership was not invited to the conference , bush said they would not be constructive and weren t going to come anyway based on recent comments from president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
the standard poor s index lost . percent friday and the nasdaq composite lost . percent .
judge patricia bergin found there was no binding contract between te kanawa and leading edge at the time she pulled out of plans for the concerts in australia and her native new zealand .
the writer director darnell martin , who made the tough and nimble i like it like that , is out to capture those days in all their proud , violent glory .
after about a minute , the person returns to the bike and rides away .
pc moving pictures will be sharper than ever .
we join the rest of south africa in deploring this violence , said achmat dangor , ceo of the nelson mandela foundation , according to a statement released on monday .
investigators claimed they secured sufficient documents , accounting ledgers and computer files required to probe the so called money for parliamentary seat scandal through the search .
winehouse , , is well known for her song rehab , which describes the singer s reluctance to enter a clinic .
it makes no sense for us to shovel more money into the problem if you have not seen an auto industry that is committed to restructuring restructuring that , frankly , should have been done years ago , years ago , years ago , he told reporters .
the arrests come after three children were removed from the compound late last month .
wednesday s deaths occurred in an agricultural area on the north side of the diyala river from the city .
sung kim , director of the state department s office of korean affairs , will head an eight member delegation that includes nuclear specialists , state department spokesman sean mccormack said .
president barack obama says it s time to change the way things are done in the nation s capital
i think they re good people , they are patriots and they are running because they think they can lead this country to a better place and i don t want the campaign in this stage to degenerate into so much tit for tat back and forth that we lose sight of why all of us are doing this .
the amendments would abolish presidential term limits , give the president control over the central bank and let him create new provinces governed by handpicked officials .
edwin j . feulner , president of heritage foundation , said that a regime change in n . k . is a long term goal for the bush administration .
the poll results will determine three national assembly members , six chiefs of local administrations and local councilors , nationwide .
david beckham is eager to play under new england manager fabio capello despite the stormy relationship the two shared at real madrid .
smaller , better , cheaper
chavez s supporters say radio caracas television rctv backed a coup which briefly ousted him .
iraq s interior ministry said police clashed with gunmen in central baghdad s mansour district .
the democrats next face off on may , when indiana and north carolina hold their contests .
meanwhile , the korea times reports the prosecution is expected to issue its interim report on the linkage of conservative presidential candidate lee myung bak to an alleged financial scam on december th .
based on the evidence gathered by the investigating officer , it was clear that the majority of the cluster munitions were fired at open and uninhabited areas , areas from which hezbollah forces operated and in which no civilians were present .
this is great for me because it means i now get to have my mother strictly as my mother with no added pressure .
president roh moo hyun on thursday strongly criticized opponents of the government s plan to relocate the nation s administrative capital to central chungchong province .
beijing will use the strictest standards to control emissions and curb pollution for the summer olympics but it will be an uphill task , the host city s mayor was quoted as saying sunday .
the tourists were apparently unhappy that the guides had taken them to too many shops , when they wanted to see historical sites in the territory that portugal returned to china in , the south china morning post newspaper said .
earlier , the party called on the government to set a specific timetable for the withdrawal of troops from the middle eastern nation in the first half of next year .
the deaths were in provinces in the area and flooding has caused the homeless to flee for shelter as they braced for more downpours , the agency
the sniping came four days before saturday s democratic primary in south carolina . this first democratic primary in the south is crucial .
in a season in which italian football has been dragged through the mud by match fixing and football violence , wednesday s result perhaps completed the process of rehabilitation that began with the country s world cup success in germany last july .
think positively , but don t get carried away and expect everything to be perfect .
until the beijing authorities recognize that there is a burning spiritual hunger among the chinese people and set about providing legitimate facilities to fulfill this need , cults such as falun gong will continue to flourish .
it s mommy underneath this big mask .
president bush said that he delivered that message personally to musharraf during a wednesday phone call .
the catch is that not all off label uses have been thoroughly studied .
he suspects pipi lost her vocal cords in a new surgical procedure that doesn t leave a scar .
iranian officials also informed the agency that they would expand their centrifuge installations to close to , by may , the report said .
in a statement , the ministry said it was deeply disappointed and angered at the japanese leader s visit to the shrine .
whoever could get down to pounds first would be the winner , and the loser would have to mow the winner s yard in a dress .
udinese strengthened their claims for a uefa cup place with a win at home to atalanta fabio quagliarella and antonio di natale grabbing the goals in the first half .
asked wednesday about rumors of jin s departure , central bank vice governor su ning said monetary policy would not be affected by personnel changes at the finance ministry .
change is coming to america !
sidr s eye crossed the khulna barisal coast near the sundarbans mangrove forests around p . m . a . m . et , the bangladesh meteorological department said .
the changes would cut the number of sectors back to three
madeleine s parents have said she disappeared from their hotel room in a vacation resort in portugal s algarve region on may while they dined in a restaurant nearby .
morgan stanley may be taking a page out of the s wall street playbook , said boston university school of law professor charles whitehead , who spent years in the banking industry . however , there remains an open question about whether sovereign wealth funds raise issues unanticipated by earlier waves of purely private investors .
along came the commoditization of hardware and the primacy of software .
men and women draped in white robes circled the kaaba , islam s holiest site , seven times in a ceremony anticipating the official start of the pilgrimage on monday .
london , england cnn a former london police chief said thursday that princess diana would not have died in paris if she had been willing to accept protection from british officers .
the diamond , mined in india nearly years ago , has been privately owned since .
the russian ministry of emergency situations said it sent a special investigative team to the disaster site .
they will be joined by the red hot chili peppers , keane , foo fighters and others .
the animal , formally known as ailuropoda microta , or pygmy giant panda , would have been about three feet long , compared to the modern giant panda , which averages in excess of five feet . meters .
gates was returning from a meeting in quebec with defense ministers from allies also serving in the southern sector of afghanistan .
after months of uncertainty , then a period of transition , we are beginning a new chapter in chrysler s proud history and we have the chance to write a terrific story , chrysler chief executive tom lasorda said in an e mail to employees .
backed by the ruling liberal democratic party , ito was campaigning for his fourth term in office before sunday s elections .
japanese stocks plunged monday morning after wall street declined at the end of last week amid pessimism over the u . s . government s plans to forestall recession .
the act also stipulates that ministers cannot be fired without written permission from their party .
a lawyer for jackson says there was never a valid agreement , and that the money was given freely .
the shooting was the worst in a series of incidents over the past week at state homes for handicapped or abandoned children , where neglect and abuse are rampant , according to recent media reports .
england , buoyed by the brazil game and making the most of crouch s height , soon had estonia on the back foot but had to wait until the th minute to break down the dogged hosts .
gasoline consumption plummeted . percent to . million barrels in july from the same month last year , affected by soaring international oil prices , according to a report by the ministry of commerce , industry and energy mocie on monday .
adding fruits , nuts , and other well chosen ingredients offers a welcome change
kim ji ho , a seoul based spokeswoman for lone star , declined to comment .
the upcoming round of the six party talks next month will design a roadmap based on the outcome of the working groups .
the saudi petroleum minister , ali i . al naimi , said the country will reach the . million level by july .
when shipman cracked it to talk to her , nowak allegedly sprayed her in the face with pepper spray .
but it s a good bet that in this era of tightening budgets and limited commitments , your company again and again faces the question of whether to hire a permanent staff for a new project , bring in temps , or have a subcontractor far away handle it .
the head of the u . s .
and there was ibm , saddled with , loyal workers and a sacrosanct no layoffs policy , watching in anger and bewilderment as its new , more nimble competitors ran rings around it .
the election campaign in britain begins .
before storming the school , the hostage takers had seized a health official in the nearby town of karak in pakistan s north west frontier province , pakistani interior minister nisar memon told cnn .
on wednesday , pakistani and indian officials signed an agreement in new delhi to reduce the risk of an accidental nuclear war between them .
werder bremen s hugo almeida , the third striker , also has just caps and last featured in august .
the last asian to hold the post was u thant of burma , from to .
he had been admitted to hospital in modena on august with a fever .
there s been a population explosion in a nativity scene that antonio vigilante has been putting up each christmas over the past years in a brooklyn catholic church .
according to reuters , portman also said in a discussion of his trade goals for this year that a free trade agreement with korea would be the largest the united states had negotiated since the north american free trade agreement with canada and mexico in the early s .
as a player , to me the dodgers were the yankees of the national league because . . . you either loved them or you hated them .
south korea is not opposed to american forces playing a greater role in northeast asia unless it means a weakening of the combined defense posture to keep peace and stability on the korean peninsula , seoul s top diplomat said monday .
the birth on saturday followed a pregnancy of more than a year after the . meter mother ray mated with a male manta also kept at the aquarium . aquarium workers will have to rely on
this is the core of good leadership , whether you re managing a corporation , your immediate family , or just your own life .
tu says she is insufficiently recovered from a hip complaint , while shaughnessy is suffering from a left knee injury .
they joined the government earlier this year .
it showed a video of honda employees wearing the device and bending to peer underneath vehicles on an assembly line .
the south korean national intelligence agency nia admitted last week to seizing mr .
robert hopkin , of gibraltar , said darwin came to see him in november over the sale of a foot catamaran worth pound , , .
kennedy was sentenced to die in for sexually assaulting his stepdaughter in her bed .
hot weather and santa ana winds marked the height of traditional wildfire season this weekend , after one of the driest years on record .
jon , barack obama gets his first detailed intelligence briefing today .
here s white house correspondent mark smith
they were not explicit , and that was the difficulty the police had .
a landlord is promising months free rent if his apartment tenants in ohio , florida , north carolina and texas lose their jobs .
amid mounting pressure on north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons program japanese and north korean diplomats have resumed talks on normalizing diplomatic relations .
the korea times quoted roh as saying the government will maintain the mt .
he said it was time to move on to give his juniors a chance to move up .
a year old american girl has taken to the skies , hoping to become the youngest female pilot to cross the atlantic ocean .
for a family whose lives were tortured by the random and brutal violence of iraq , the sheer magnitude of stepping onto american soil was surreal .
unable to have children , the ruling couple went in despair to pray to the mountain gods who , according to the tale , agreed to help in exchange for the ultimate sacrifice of their last child .
machimura s visit had been intended to repair relations between the two countries , which have been strained by an ongoing row about koizumi s shrine visits , as well as disputes over gas fields and history text books .
the idf confirmed to cnn that a small number of israel forces have been in the area since friday to prevent qassam rockets in the area . an idf spokesman said there have been no incidents in the region .
asia has seen the most rapid deterioration , with the northeast region in particular suffering a significant slowdown .
because of the boycott , candidates from thaksin s thai rak thai party stood unopposed in many seats .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the question is , can he start doing that with general election voters tonight ?
i think we are in a process and that iran continues to pose a danger , german chancellor angela merkel said in paris at a joint news conference with french president nicolas sarkozy in response to the new american findings that were released monday .
the military seized control , accusing the twice legally elected thaksin shinawatra of corruption and abuse of power .
no matter what anybody thinks of the controversy surrounding this event , mr . bonds achievement is noteworthy and remarkable , selig said in a statement .
returning to south korea to find his son .
a spokesman for the show said the taped interview will air as planned .
ten air force reserve f fighter jets were the cause of the lights seen over parts of central texas earlier this month that many believed to be ufos , according to an air force reserve news release .
the question is whether it was good enough to kill people in britain .
people are likely to flee destabilized countries , and some may turn to terrorism , he said .
an ipsos opinion poll released late on sunday suggested sarkozy would win percent of votes in the second round and royal would secure percent .
the groom , dave best , had emailed his friend at the start of the year .
gas prices have dropped nearly since july , when the national average for a gallon of regular gas peaked at . .
forty two gold medals well be handed out at the watercube during the olympics , which start august .
new york cnn emergency workers on sunday continued searching for victims or survivors of a crane collapse that killed four construction workers and injured others at a four story townhouse in manhattan .
the korea times reports the majority of the voters want the next president to revive the economy , with an economic philosophy of prioritizing growth over redistribution .
the framework for negotiations was agreed to by palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert .
three years after his crusades epic kingdom of heaven , director ridley scott returns to the shifting sands of the middle east with body of lies .
you have crossed the borders , nasrallah said , accusing israel of extending the simmering conflict between israel and hezbollah beyond the lebanese frontier .
got to have a quick trigger finger to play this game
oil and gold prices tumbled .
neal watson , a president of the bahamas diving association , told cnn he implored abernethy to stop what watson considered a dangerous practice cageless shark dives specifically targeting dangerous shark species .
federer , who can match swede bjorn borg s five successive titles this year , took a few games to find his range on an unfamiliar looking and chilly centre court .
during the beijing talks , u . s . officials say , north korea claimed it already has nuclear weapons and that it had reprocessed spent nuclear fuel rods for more weapons materials .
an arrest warrant against him remains in effect .
in august , a woman was charged in delaware with plotting the real life abduction of a boyfriend she met through second life , another virtual interactive world .
sen . john mccain , in an effort to woo women voters , spent thursday with the hosts of abc s the view a show targeted at women , a key voting bloc .
the all boy hansamm institute is one of dozens of cram schoolsproliferating in areas around seoul where the pupils study hour after hour , preparing to clear a hurdle that will determine their future college entrance exams .
the bok logged a deficit for a fourth consecutive year , but its losses narrowed more than expected in .
the weekend storm was the second of six expected to hit vietnam this year , state forecasters said .
the reaction came after the pro opposition korea times and sister company hankook ilbo conducted a survey of adults across the country .
in fact , on their list of pleasurable activities , moms rank child care lower than eating , exercising , or watching tv , according to a university of michigan study .
canada , britain , spain and italy rank as top sources of visitors to the island .
iraq has had troubled relations with both arab states in the past .
irish prime minister bertie ahern uh hern said wednesday he will step down may after almost years in office .
it was determined that the release of this portion of the spoken words of khalid sheikh mohammed would enable enemies of the united states to use it in a way to recruit or encourage future terrorists or terrorist activities , said pentagon spokesman bryan whitman .
the fda said it was taking this step while it continues to investigate the outbreak with the centers for disease control and prevention and individual states .
kim il joo , ex head of the gnp s songnam district chapter , allegedly received . billion won . million from the head of the firm called miraero land , identified as kil , for lifting a height restriction and helping the businessman meet the mayor in person .
i would rather not try to make a new historic turning point with this meeting , said roh whose term expires in february of next year
rather , we found that there was no comprehensive plan that integrated the combined capabilities of defense , state , usaid u . s . agency for international development , the intelligence community , gao said .
supreme court judge pedro guillermo urbina declared that fujimori was guilty of abusing his power when he ordered an aide to pose as a prosecutor and search the luxury apartment of the wife of his spy chief without a warrant in november .
the venetian houses , slot machines with room to expand to , and more than gambling tables .
over the past year the corpses of rabbits , three chickens and four wild birds have been found headless in and around the city of bochum , police spokesman volker schuette said .
thierry henry helped barcelona claim a rare away win , but they were far from impressive in seeing off third division side alcoyano in tuesday s spanish cup round of first leg clash .
nearly , people in countries , including , women and nearly , minorities , participated in the clinical trial , the results of which were published in the new england journal of medicine .
we will make an effort to hold speedy negotiations in the hope we may conclude by the end of , but certainly there is no commitment for a firm timetable for their completion , olmert said at the start of sunday s israeli cabinet meeting .
sanitation is a cornerstone of public health said who s director general dr . margaret chan .
a total of people of them passengers were aboard the princess of the stars when it overturned about a mile off sibuyan island early saturday as typhoon fengshen pummeled the philippines , according to the ship s owner , sulpicio lines .
and percent feel obama would better handle helping the middle class , almost double the percent who feel mccain would be of better service to the middle class .
the results can be enlightening , surprising and sometimes , a little disturbing .
they have no involvement with the secular or ethnic people , said aljibury .
the girl s suicide wednesday night was part of an expanding string of similar deaths that experts say have been encouraged by internet suicide sites since last summer .
it was the former arsenal star s th goal in his th game in the champions league .
chaos erupted at the hospital when former prime minister nawaz sharif arrived to pay his respects to bhutto less than three hours after her death .
it is not yet known if the military will recognize the election which clearly turned out to be not in their favor .
on a cool , breezy baghdad night , a thick plume of black smoke climbed into the sky , which was occasionally illuminated by red flares or tracer fire .
david beckham s th cap ended in disappointment as france beat england in their friendly international at the stade de france on wednesday .
food is a real need , but what about the sugarcoated breakfast food advertised on television ?
five cameras that can sense nearby objects are mounted beneath the screen .
syria denies it had anything to do with the killing , but u . s . and european officials have since shunned the damascus government . rice said the talks were limited to iraqi security .
anchorage , alaska ap a commercial fishing boat hauled in what may have been one of the oldest creatures in alaska a giant rockfish estimated to be about a century old .
even if you don t think you ll get a deal , it can t hurt to take a chance .
love and unity not hate , one read .
alex rodriguez concedes the new york yankees have a lot of work ahead .
authorities in spain are looking into whether a u . s . company can be charged with stealing spanish heritage for excavating colonial era treasure from a sunken british warship .
president bush has complained that iran s quds force a paramilitary arm of iran s revolutionary guards has helped orchestrate attacks on iraqi and u . s . forces inside iraq .
we ve also come to see the role of work in our lives in a dramatically different light as well .
hd dvd is one of the several ways we offer a high definition experience to consumers , and we will continue to give consumers the choice to enjoy digital distribution of high definition movies and tv shows directly to their living room , along with playback of the dvd movies they already own , blair westlake , a corporate vice president of microsoft s media and entertainment group , said in a written statement .
jerusalem has been under intense international pressure to let goods pass , because of shortage of food , medicines and fuel .
he s got a rally in the state capital at mid day , then heads to northern virginia this afternoon .
an international committee of economists and experts in public health and policy carried out study .
gmt sunday , along with the truck trailer they were packed in ready for distribution around britain ahead of the launch early saturday morning from an industrial park in the town of newtown le willows , northern england .
the north s chief delegate kwon ho ung stressed that the south must end its joint military exercises with the u . s . to improve inter korean relations .
a large fire on the tgv atlantic line damaged km . miles of cable along the signaling network , forcing high speed trains to be rerouted along slower lines , the sncf said .
he waved farewell as the lifeboat carrying barbara
u . s . embassy workers in iraq were told to remain in secure buildings and wear protective clothing as rockets continued to rain down on baghdad s international zone .
roberts won the best actress oscar in for erin brockovich . her screen credits also include steel magnolias and pretty woman .
tim , right now the dow jones industrial average is virtually unchanged , down . points earlier in the session , but in the sense that the market speaks with one voice , an all is dicey assumption , it appears to be saying , tell us something we don t know , we know the employment economy is sour , we know people are saving and not spending .
north korea said , the u . s , should make an apology for labeling north korea as an outpost of tyranny .
we also have to take into account that benazir bhutto died bravely and that the attack on her is ultimately an attack on her country , she said .
lower gas prices were offset by higher prices for food and other items and unemployment claims were lower than expected last week .
the korea times reports the nation s household debts surged to an all time high of trillion won in june , up from . trillion won in march as banks increased consumer lending again during the second quarter of the year .
after watching a video replay of the ugly scenes , spalletti added these people are sick .
key voice stars mike myers , eddie murphy , cameron diaz and antonio banderas return , with justin timberlake headlining the newcomers as geeky teenager artie .
but it s one thing to make a movie about ernesto che guevara and the cuban revolution and show it in france , quite another to screen it in cuba .
the country s first space walk , ap correspondent christopher bodeen reports it is carried by national tv .
fossella has said he will not seek re election .
no results have been announced in the election a vote recount is under way .
a lost beatles track recorded in and performed just once in public could finally be released , according to paul mccartney .
senate majority leader harry reid tells nbc s meet the press roland burris appointment to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat , is tainted , because of the serious legal troubles being faced by illinois governor rod blagojevich , the man who appointed burris .
werning said in a statement that pinpointing the age of reproductive maturity opens up so many complementary avenues of dinosaur research .
christopher hill , u . s . chief negotiator for the six nation talks , proposed the idea of interrupting oil supplies at a meeting in beijing , on effort the report said .
we have never been a collection of red states and blue states , obama said in his election night victory speech . we are , and always will be , the united states of america .
clear of the surfaces of chests and tables , and only replace what is meaningful or pretty .
south korea said that preparations were under way to send m worth of fuel oil shipments to the north , as one of the first steps under the agreement .
the declining interest payments led to the imf s budget gap .
the dubai court of misdemeanors last thursday found them guilty and ordered them jailed for three months , after which they would be deported .
rudy has fallen like the dow jones industrial average , said bill adair , chief editor of the st . petersburg times . what s happened is he gambled on florida and put all his chips on florida , and it s beginning to look like he gambled wrong .
all the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to darfur at this point , they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern chad .
north korea s nuclear test was entirely attributable to the united states nuclear threat , sanctions and pressure .
new york cnn in papers filed for a lawsuit in manhattan , j . k . rowling says she feels betrayed by a fan , steven vander ark , for his role in trying to publish an unauthorized reference work , harry potter lexicon .
a third person was killed and four were hurt when a tornado touched down in rural taylor county near the southwest georgia city of albany , the spokesman said .
the human population at that time was reduced to small isolated groups in africa , apparently because of drought , according to an analysis released thursday .
the family of virginia tech killer seung hui cho feels hopeless , helpless and lost and is deeply sorry for his unspeakable actions , according to a written statement released friday by his sister .
pereira s year old grandson , mateus , was attacked by the anaconda while wandering near a creek on his grandfather s ranch in the city of cosmorama , about miles kilometers northwest of sao paulo .
sharif who leads the opposition party pakistan muslim league hoped to return to pakistan after seven years in exile in saudi arabia that followed his ouster by musharraf in a bloodless coup .
but a quinnipiac university poll released wednesday shows him leading mccain by points , to percent .
mugabe representatives have denied that any retaliatory attacks have been going on in the wake of the march presidential and parliamentary election .
for anyone thinking of a calamari feast , walker smith said giant squid contain high levels of ammonia in their bodies as a buoyancy aid .
i got injured last year and wonder if i should hang up my skis , but dan pooh poohs that notion and takes me up in the chairlift . spectacular vistas !
the two also exchanged accusations over clinton s recent comment that the united states could obliterate iran if the islamic state were to attack israel with nuclear weapons .
rogge was in the chinese capital to meet with officials from national olympic committees and members of the ioc , in the last major consultations ahead of the august games .
stephanie rice , who won three gold medals at the beijing olympics in world record time , was named australia s swimmer of the year .
she flew up to the international space station last december planning to come home in early july after a seven month stay .
since being admitted he has been undergoing tests and on friday , a statement by the hospital revealed ballesteros had suffered a partial epileptic fit but said he had left intensive care and was in a stable condition .
the official , john walters , said venezuela had become a haven for shipments of cocaine manufactured in neighboring colombia .
de menezes s relatives said they wanted to see a full and thorough inquest into the electrician s death .
obama s inauguration could draw the largest crowd in history , and that has security officials planning for just about anything .
the campaign launched in september last year , aims to gather the signatures of million people .
shepperd agreed with military officials that the situation could not have caused a nuclear detonation .
chirac asked .
the traditional big breakfast and dinner at
his condition remains extremely serious but by the same token , stable , notaros said . the next few days will be the telling point .
president elect lee myung bak claimed tuesday that korea is capable of catching up with japan in years and becoming a close rival of china .
hilton was led out of the courtroom wailing after sauer ordered her back to jail . watch the media mayhem surrounding hilton
in both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , gen . qasim atta , spokesman for baghdad s security plan , told state television .
one blast struck near hanuman temple , which was crowded with hindus worshipping hanuman , the religion s monkey god .
they said the battle will weaken the democratic nominee before he or she gets a chance to take on the presumptive republican candidate , sen . john mccain .
london , england cnn widespread strikes are expected to cripple france s transport network just as rugby fans make their way to paris for this weekend s world cup final .
floods have destroyed at least , houses and ruined crops on . million acres . hectares , the china news agency said .
i can t sleep due to concerns that we caused so much trouble , yoo said in the interview , shown on television . i feel very sorry .
more than firefighters were still combing through the debris hours later .
trading was light as investors waited reports of a new federal reserve scheme to break the log jam in the credit markets .
in a statement , sony said this was due to a more extensive lineup of games of the playstation .
but taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi repeated a position he announced earlier this month , saying there would be no negotiations until u . s . and nato troops withdraw from afghanistan .
two helicopters and a ship had been dispatched to help , the spokesman said .
the news came as us nuclear envoy christopher hill confirmed that north korea now had access to funds that had been frozen in a macau bank .
just a laid back guy with a sense of humor .
it is proposing that restaurants change the names of exotic , but bizarrely named , delicacies to make them more delectable for the estimated , visitors arriving in august for the summer games .
even same species cloning has a high failure rate , and surviving animals are often less healthy than naturally born animals .
he said thousands of u . s . and iraqi soldiers backed by everything from air support to dog teams are searching for the soldiers .
kim s close friend , shim song dae , disclosed to the public wednesday several e mails that kim had sent to him in may prior to his kidnapping , which revealed his yearning to return home and see his loved ones .
favorites have won their first game in the tournament , hiddink said monday .
fourth seed nikolay davydenko won the sony ericsson title in miami on sunday with a surprise victory over spanish second seed rafael nadal .
lee jae oh of the gnp and kim han gill of the ruling party , both of whom have recently been elected as the two largest parties floor leaders , met at mt . pukhan to discuss measures for normalizing the situation at the parliament , ruling party officials said .
many of the casualties were taken to sms hospital , the largest government hospital in jaipur .
in mid march , obama had a percent to percent edge over clinton , but his support has dropped six points while she has not gained any ground , says cnn polling director keating holland .
the operational specification of adam air will be revoked . in effect , adam air will not be allowed to operate any airplanes effective a . m . wednesday , march , according to a statement from indonesia s civil aviation chief , budhi muliawan suyitno .
typhoon krosa made landfall near the border of densely populated zhejiang and fujian provinces .
in an exclusive interview with cnn en espanol , fernandez called on opposition members to work with him to continue efforts that have turned the dominican republic into one of the fastest growing economies in the caribbean .
radcliffe s earnings from the first five potter films have been held in a trust fund which he has not been able to touch .
kim sook , director general in charge of north american affairs at the ministry on wednesday , rejected suggestions that the u . s . base relocation talks could drag out until next year , after the ninth future of the alliance policy initiative meeting on the issue ended tuesday without significant progress .
add a mirror somewhere .
japan s nikkei was down about percent , as was australia s all ordinaries index .
guitars with the technology come preset with six types of tuning to play different kinds of music .
state news agency antara said dozens of buildings were either destroyed or damaged , while witnesses said electricity was temporarily cut in some places , including a hospital , which was briefly evacuated .
their final meeting before tuesday s primary in pennsylvania .
whether we are in the media , in public life , in corporations , or as volunteers
atletico said reyes will have a medical on tuesday morning and will join the squad on a pre season tour to amsterdam .
van basten , a former dutch star striker , previously announced he would be leaving .
dozens of gay couples rushed to tie the knot at chapels , parks and beaches across massachusetts on thursday as the end of the three day waiting period under state matrimonial law led to a marathon of same sex weddings .
and late wednesday , cnn reported that california gov . arnold schwarzenegger , who was in the audience for the debate , planned to endorse mccain thursday .
the mccanns reported madeleine missing on may this year while on holiday in praia da luz , in southern portugal .
she and pitt already have four children year old maddox , year old pax and year old zahara , who are adopted , and year old shiloh .
word of the investigation follows an mbc program tuesday claiming that korean high schoolers were using chinese prostitutes during field trips .
burris was on the cbs early show , saying he ll try to take the seat given to him by the embattled illinois governor today .
in announcing the verdict , the judge didn t mention a settlement announced tuesday by a foundation headed by the son of libyan leader moammar gadhafi .
the band have played several times since they split , including at live aid in .
cathedral offers garden to sex abuse victims
chrysler ceo bob nardelli already has thanked the administration for its help , saying the cash will help the company get through its current crisis and eventually help return it to profitability .
tuesday , in his first public statement on the arrest , the idaho republican said he did nothing inappropriate .
he said more than million computers worldwide have been used in recent weeks to attack estonian government and business web sites since a dispute arose with moscow over estonia s moving of a soviet era war memorial from downtown tallinn .
whitson and tani performed virtually the entire job in the darkness of night , pausing during the daytime swings around earth when volts of electricity would course through the cables .
two other united players , paul scholes and ryan giggs , are included , along with arsenal s cesc fabregas and liverpool captain steven gerrard , who won last year .
their departure follows comments made last week by south korean unification minister kim ha joong .
a g iphone and a newton type tablet are reported to be in the works , but not yet ready for prime time .
the majority of the assistance is to be sent to africa , with none of it targeted for north korea , where dire food shortages have been under way for months , the white house officials said .
the previous warden and an assistant warden resigned , and three others were reassigned after an inmate was beaten and choked by guards in march .
after taking a break from the elections , more congressional hearings this week on the nation s financial crisis
meanwhile , in jamaica , residents cleaned up fallen trees and debris monday as the island nation started to recover from its brush with dean on sunday .
belgian police have offered a million . million reward for tips that help them track down a man who stole . million million worth of diamonds from an antwerp bank last week .
the two democratic presidential candidates will face off at the national constitution center in philadelphia , pennsylvania , just six days before the pennsylvania primary . there is much at stake for both .
prosecutors accuse taylor , , of orchestrating the atrocities in sierra leone from his presidential palace in liberia s capital , monrovia .
prodi s coalition allies rebelled over keeping italian troops in afghanistan and allowing the expansion of a u . s . military base in vicenza , italy . watch what led to prodi s resignation
bin laden and taliban leader mohammed omar escaped the u . s . invasion in , and bin laden was last thought to be hiding in the rugged mountains along the afghan pakistani border .
and , it was a major player in european politics from the th through th centuries .
the daily freight service is the first tangible result of an inter korean summit in october between president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il .
security on the train and at stations is cursory , at best .
he was an avowed skeptic of global climate change , giving lectures warning against consensus science .
colombian forces killed people in the cross border raid , which targeted a rebel group that has fought the colombian government for more than years .
which involve introducing an antigene which encourages the body to produce antibodies boosting the body s immunity to a particular disease
bessmertnova died at a moscow hospital after suffering from a grave illness , yekaterina novikova said , but she would not specify the cause of death .
he called on palestinians to drop their secular government and instead govern themselves by sharia islamic law .
south korean president roh moo hyun and the north s kim jong il issued the declaration after a three day historic summit in pyongyang .
twenty years ago , a japanese man would have apologized if his son or daughter went to work for an american company , says outgoing u . s .
and the story behind its development
despite a forecast calling for rain right at launch time , the weather ended up cooperating .
according to the pew internet project , women are more likely to look up health information on the internet .
italy have several options to replace totti but look stretched at the back with few suitable candidates to cover for ageing central defenders fabio cannavaro and marco materazzi .
several british newspapers came across the information and gave it to the family .
for his part , blair , the staunchest of u . s . allies on iraq , predicted that britain would continue to stand side by side with the united states after he leaves office .
the year old retired judge says that in the old days , even the lowliest office workers had a reasonable command of english . nowadays , employers have trouble finding employees with enough skill to even answer the phone .
she has massaged patients with rashes and just avoids those areas so it isn t a complete deal breaker .
it centered in the molucca sea , some km miles south east of the city of manado .
uri party failed in by elections .
chae said he chose namdaemun because it was easily accessible by public transportation and yet situated in a lightly populated area where the fire was unlikely to hurt people , according to police .
south and north korea navies succeeded in exchanging radio communications .
atom bombs aside , it has also had huge applications for the military like the synchronization of the global positioning system gps which is a network of satellites transmitting radio signals at the speed of light to receivers around the globe .
the south korean government has declared a state of disaster along a stretch of coastline affected by the country s worst ever oil spill .
his counterpart in venezuela , president hugo chavez , says that colombia should accept that it made a mistake , he said , according to the bolivariana news agency .
the , figure is an increase of a few hundred of the machines over may , when the iaea last reported on iran .
we believe menu foods made a decision to put short term corporate interests ahead of the interests of its consumers , and because of that we have thousands of families mourning the loss of their pets , and that shouldn t have happened , said attorney jay edelson , who represents the plaintiffs .
but republican senators suggested leahy was over reacting .
authorities estimate that red cross warehouses containing emergency supplies will go empty within a week .
it might as well be a road to the twilight zone because it takes us to a place that doesn t exist .
harmony jude creech apparently had been dead for weeks , harnett county sheriff larry rollins said late saturday night .
iran on tuesday dismissed as ridiculous u . s . suggestions that it may have been involved in the sept .
an interim report from independent board members at societe generale concluded that kerviel alone was responsible for the losses , which the bank announced in january .
when you re laying in the grass on a summer day , and you see the clouds , you wish you could jump on them , he said .
chelsea had made the better start as they looked for the win which would have all but sealed qualification for the knockout stages .
fey won for best actress in a tv comedy , and her nbc show was picked as best comedy .
rudd was the first of ministers to take the oath of office before governor general michael jeffery on monday in ceremonies broadcast nationally , formalizing the hand over of government from ousted prime minister john howard .
coming soon , god willing , the testament of the attacks on new york and washington , abu musab waleed al shehri , presented by sheik osama bin laden , god preserve him , the banner read .
the event was organized by a group called bersih which is made up of opposition parties and dozens of non governmental organizations .
a uk parliamentary committee has said that britain should quadruple the amount of aid it gives to refugees in burma over the next six years .
she finished , unofficially , hours , minutes and seconds later as the station traveled over russia . the year old astronaut , who grew up in the boston area , had kind words for the temperamental treadmill , which has had its share of breakdowns . no problems .
in the case , he allegedly took the woman shopping at neiman marcus , where he bought her a dress and shoes before trying to rape her in his boston apartment .
twenty four sailors , including four south koreans , were freed nearly six months after they were abducted by somali pirates , south korea s foreign ministry said sunday .
so the aliens could fly around instead of just hover .
the year old fell ill after frequenting a market in the main city , guangzhou , and he was diagnosed as having the h n strain of the virus .
due to its fault lines , greece is one of the most quake prone countries in the european union .
a hardware store in northern harare closed its doors monday through tuesday to re price all its goods .
he told me that what happened between them had been brief and sporadic .
the ministry of science and technology said yesterday that a third team of inspectors from the international atomic energy agency will investigate facilities at the korea atomic energy research institute in daejeon from nov .
the real issue is whether policy makers will acknowledge the growing diversity in japanese society whether japan will be a nation that affirms differences , or rejects them , otsuji said .
kyodo did not specify where it got the information , but said fujimori could make an announcement later thursday .
sen . george voinovich , r ohio , echoed lugar tuesday , laying out his plan in a letter to the president . full story
france has not revealed details of the defense deal , but islam told le monde it was groundbreaking .
beijing , china cnn engineers worked to open additional spillways at an earthquake created dam in southwestern china monday , as water was piling up behind the structure faster than they could drain it , state media reported .
he likes the idea of staying behind the camera , rather than pulling double duty as filmmaker and performer as he did in his directorial debut antwone fisher and now the great debaters .
hosseini said earlier sunday that larijani was going to the iraqi capital because iran had some questions and ambiguities about the agenda .
if you re having a hard time , plan to call a friend or go out for a walk with someone you feel comfortable with .
initiated by the bank of korea , the issue of a new currency has emerged as a major agenda item among academics and politicians .
the joong ang ilbo reports the interest rate ceiling allowed to be charged by registered private lenders will be lowered sharply to percent in september from the current percent , the finance ministry said yesterday .
one official said prison shops would even label their products to hide their origin .
the us episcopal church has chosen a woman as its next leader making it the first church anywhere in the anglican denomination to do so .
the bank declined to comment , but a source close to the bank said the rumor of the trading loss was baseless .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s upper house of parliament voted down the nomination of former finance ministry bureaucrat koji tanami as central bank chief , leaving that seat vacant from wednesday for the first time since world war ii .
the couple have since divorced .
his remains were later found in a shallow grave in karachi s eastern outskirts .
beijing , china cnn more than , chinese children have contracted hand foot mouth disease , and although it is a common childhood illness , its rapid spread and the children it has killed have raised concerns in china , state run media reported monday .
mughniyeh was killed in a car bombing in the syrian capital , damascus , on tuesday .
dr . richard williams , nasa s chief health and medical officer said the question of sex in space is not a matter of crew health but a behavioral issue that will have to be taken up by others at nasa .
the world s largest deep blue diamond is the hope diamond , a . carat stone housed at the smithsonian institution in washington , dc .
the u . s . candidacy was uncontested .
he dashed out rashly to haul down nicolas anelka with ribery easily beating the portsmouth man from the resulting spot kick .
more than percent of the donations were under , and more than half were under .
simply by offering to pony up for its mistakes , netscape won admirers .
new york times , wall street journal reporting that general motors and chrysler have held preliminary talks about a merger or making a deal in which gm buys chrysler .
you kind of always want to ask , why , why , why now ?
they went through the kitchen , they knew what they were doing .
they may be good in keeping our brains active . to study what brains look like when people are searching the internet , small recruited two groups of people
citi also said sir win bischoff , chairman of citi europe and a member of the citi management and operating committees , would serve as interim ceo .
in his speech on thursday in washington , bush said his administration took climate change seriously .
saddam hussein s trial has heard its first witness testimony .
disgraced ex peruvian president alberto fujimori has decided to run in the election for japan s upper house of parliament in july , the country s ntv network reported thursday on its web site .
it is one in a series of inquiries into the alleged abuse or killing of iraqis by coalition forces .
cristiano is the most exciting player in the country at the moment the quickness of his feet and the skills he possesses make you think , at times , that he is from another planet , said pfa chief executive taylor .
last year and the sixth largest plunge ever .
senator obama s campaign is about one speech he made in , she said , referring to the illinois democrat s speech in which he announced his opposition to the then pending invasion of iraq .
i think a woman should be pretty when she is in prison , just as much as when she s free , said year old anna ivanova , as she put on silver eyeshadow and frosted lipstick .
fellow americans jack nicklaus and walter hagen won five apiece .
northern illinois university on friday identified the man who fatally shot five people in a classroom as steven p . kazmierczak , whom police described as an award winning student revered by colleagues and faculty .
iraq s new assembly is going to hold its first session .
gordon johndroe , spokesman for the white house s national security council , said former prime minister bhutto and other political party members must be permitted freedom of movement and all protesters released . it is crucial for pakistan s future that moderate political forces work together to bring pakistan back on the path to democracy .
local dishes like husband and wife s lung slice or chicken without sexual life conjure lots of furrowed eyebrows on famished foreigners .
dhirgham al zaidi , who sometimes worked as his brother s cameraman , described the reporter s hatred for the material american occupation and the moral iranian occupation .
they did it so fast that there was no time to take out anything . and the bulldozer broke everything on the way , devi said .
they also have to pay a , dirhams fine for public indecency .
rai state tv , reporting from the stadium , said one of its cameramen was injured as well as a cameraman for a private network .
tyler noble , a reporter for cnnradio affiliate cknw in vancouver , said at least two gondola cars broke away and hit the ground after the accident , both from relatively low heights near the tower that split and caused the system s heavy cable line to slacken .
the announcement of wright s departure from the obama camp came after the illinois senator on friday denounced some of the ministers s sermons , calling them inflammatory and appalling .
such rhetoric by north korea at times of increased tensions is not rare , and it comes just two days before a scheduled visit to south korea by the chief u . s . negotiator in north korean nuclear disarmament talks .
asked by germany s der spiegel weekly whether he thinks the u . s . could still avoid a recession , he said that as far as the average person is concerned , it is already here .
this is the single biggest promotion waterford has ever been involved in .
the world s top ranked player made the announcement on his web site , describing his withdrawal as one of the most difficult decisions in my career .
the postal service ended its fiscal year . billion in the red , battered by a faltering economy that cut deeply into the amount of mail being sent , and a requirement to contribute . billion to fund healthcare for retirees .
its home market , germany , was second , with , cars sold last year .
sen . barack obama said tuesday that washington needs to draw on faith based groups to solve the challenges the country is facing , from saving our planet to ending poverty .
violence flares at greek teen s funeral
among the dead is a month old girl .
her key meetings will take place on tuesday , when she meets putin and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov .
eu bans imports of live birds .
she said he was one of the reasons she employed full time security guards .
we ve had a lot of interest . i think people like the fact that it resonates with the nativity story at a time when the actual meaning of christmas often becomes forgotten in festive overkill , she said .
a version of their article appeared on the journal s website on monday the print version is due out soon , reviews editor madeleine hummler said .
afghan president hamid karzai announced the planned meeting sunday , as he prepared to meet with president bush at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland .
read about mccain s victory mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination .
cox , , was given an indeterminate jail sentence , meaning he will remain in prison until authorities decide he is no longer a threat to children .
in one sense then this new committee is the logical next step .
in september , the u . s .
the concert was a huge success but it was the last one solti would conduct .
despite growing public distress and lackluster response from some of its members , the radical korean confederation of trade unions launched a general strike nationwide yesterday .
another grim economic forecast this morning .
burma has been ruled since as a military dictatorship , with the junta failing to honor the result of the elections won by suu kyi s party .
the technology already exists for anonymous etc .
mosquitoes carrying dengue viruses breed in stored , exposed water , including places as shallow as jars , discarded bottles and plant saucers , according to the world health organization .
we need the president to respectfully tell senator mccain to get out of town .
police found a gun in a second house , leading them to believe mendoza is unarmed , tranter said .
the lawmakers negative reaction overshadowed u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson s claim of tangible results .
shortages of diesel and gasoline have led to rationing over the past week , causing long lines at filling stations and disrupting trucking in key export areas .
foreign and trade ministers , attending the member asia pacific economic cooperation apec forum in pusan , urged the world trade organization wto members to show the flexibility , needed to put forward trade and investment liberalization and facilitation .
since the beginning of the assault against the fatah al islam fighters which are said to have ties with al qaeda scores of militants and at least lebanese service members have been killed .
kim made it clear that he would stay away from politics to avoid influencing the elections .
pope benedict will make a pilgrimage to the holy land in may .
that s alabama senator richard shelby on the cbs early show .
cleveland , ohio cnn a group of greyhounds rescued after a life of racing are helping to save more canine lives with the donation of their blood .
photos of prejean dressed only in underwear surfaced after she had answered questions about same sex marriage during the pageant .
that deficiency could save the vcr for a while .
in a news conference with international news media held at the presidential palace in caracas , chavez called interpol s secretary general , ronald noble , a gringo policeman and a tremendous actor .
the video , which surfaced tuesday , showed four white students putting five black female housekeepers at their university dormitory in bloemfontein through a series of competitions in the style of the program fear factor .
the drug mimics the effects of melatonin .
it cost him eight stitches , a severed fingertip and several bruised ribs , but craig has once again stepped into the shoes of james bond for quantum of solace , set to debut in u . s . theatres friday .
negroponte will convey to musharraf how seriously the united states views his imposition of emergency rule and will suggest he rescind it , senior u . s . state department officials told cnn .
i m very concerned that no one is interested in a controlled test .
lee s camp , however , said his wealth has nothing to do with his brother in law s activities and those who raised the suspicions should present clear evidence supporting his alleged connection to the case .
maine hunters and fishermen always knew they could count on l . l . if at a . m . they needed long underwear , or a warm cap .
treasury department in talks with mortgage industry leaders , was not intended to bail out lenders , speculators or those who knew they could not afford the homes they bought .
her closest challengers , former lawmaker elisa carrio and former economy minister roberto lavagna , were trying to force her into a november runoff .
this is the first time a mammal has been cloned from a sample stored at conditions reasonably close to what might be expected in permafrost , teruhiko wakayama , who led the study , said in a statement .
turks strongly reject the genocide label , insisting there was no organized campaign against the armenians and that many turks also died in the chaos and violence of the period .
the united nations established refugee camps in thailand for those who flee myanmar , but the camps are reserved only for victims of political persecution .
kostunica s comments came after bush said
also , more people start dying because of malnutrition , disease , heat waves , floods and droughts all caused by global warming .
it said the four , from austria , canada , china and finland , had taken shelter in a bunker under the post after it was earlier shelled times by israeli artillery .
the collection s former owner , new jersey businessman henry vaccaro , took possession of the memorabilia in after a failed business venture wound up in bankruptcy court .
hong kong , china cnn thousands of people marched through hong kong s streets sunday to demand the right to pick their city s leader and legislature and hoisted yellow umbrellas to form the year their target year for full democracy .
most of the dead were women and children and many of the bodies are said to be too badly burned to be identified .
the star duo have only completed one match between them so far this season . ronaldo being back is a big plus , said ferguson . you miss players who make a difference , who can change the pattern of a game and create opportunities for you .
details of how the cash will actually be saved are still emerging , but obama is prepared to say the active support of groups that have fought each other and lawmakers for years shows even they know reform is a necessity that cannot wait .
bidding closed sunday and reached nearly , an amount usher said his house in the western city of perth was worth on its own .
this has to be carefully calibrated , worked out with the pakistanis , but i am very concerned that you have a safe haven in pakistan today where they al qaeda can regroup , rethink , and get ready for more attacks , hamilton said on cnn s newsroom on wednesday .
government spokesman mustafa barghouti accused israel of war crimes and said palestinian president mahmoud abbas should consider halting his regular meetings with israeli prime minister ehud olmert .
these measures will be implemented in france without delay , said sarkozy .
some observers believe that , amid military tensions , kim jong il is using the talks to coax further economic aid and other concessions from the nervous south .
the people of the community of west end , particularly those who work at old bahama bay , certainly today were in such shock , and they felt the tragedy because they had become a part of the community .
in a speech broadcast on national radio and television , president idriss deby said he signed a decree increasing the government s powers for days , beginning friday , as provided for in chad s constitution .
the meeting will be held sunday in jeddah , with as many as countries , four international organizations and oil companies agreeing to attend , according to the statement , posted thursday .
dressed in a gold brocade robe , bhumibol stepped onto the balcony and sat in a golden throne as the crowd erupted in shouts of long live the king !
the legislators were temporarily prevented from leaving by demonstrators who locked the exits .
nieves and her husband , michael rodriguez , , said he had planned to take the cash to a bank .
abu risha s assassination is believed to be a severe blow to the awakening in anbar .
president pervez musharraf said thursday that pakistan believes its forces have surrounded a high value al qaeda target in a remote tribal region near the border with afghanistan .
karachi , pakistan cnn some of the toughest criticism of pakistan s pro democracy movement comes from an unlikely source
hamas and islamic jihad claim to have ambushed israeli troops in a gaza city suburb .
the main agenda will focus on the implementation of the shutdown of nuclear facilities in yongbyon , which north korea promised to do under a february agreement in the six party talks .
that represents about half of the family s percent ownership of the company s voting shares , likely more than enough to seal the news corp deal , the journal reported , citing unnamed sources .
noriega s lawyer , frank rubino , said he would continue to fight the extradition .
police in zimbabwe have raided a harare office of the opposition movement for democratic change mdc , sources inside the country have told the bbc .
women have heart attacks , too , and often the signs are very different from those men see .
it marked the first time the family had ever left their homeland , let alone flown on a plane .
the korea times reports economic research institutes and investment banks are lowering their economic growth outlook for korea , amid concerns of a recession in the united states and international raw material price hikes .
rialto , california , police department sgt . don lewis said king was grazed on his face , arms , back and torso . the wounds were superficial .
they have three children
it would define marriage as the union of one man and one woman , give same sex couples state benefits of marriage , but deny them federal protections .
outgoing prime minister john howard angered many of australia s , aborigines and their supporters by steadfastly refusing to offer an apology , arguing this generation should not be made to feel guilty for mistakes of the past .
the president invited the congressional leadership to the white house on wednesday to discuss a compromise .
north and south korea resumed high level meetings tuesday for the first time since the north tested a nuclear bomb in october , paving the way for a resumption of aid to impoverished pyongyang after it pledged to start dismantling its atomic weapons program .
as a female voice coos , welcome to space , six passengers in skintight spacesuits unbuckle their seatbelts and somersault in zero gravity , occasionally peeking back at earth through the private spaceship s large portholes .
the car being used in the latest james bond film plunged into a lake in northern italy while being driven to the set .
dean , with maximum sustained winds near mph kph , could strengthen into a category storm before making landfall early tuesday .
korea has been operating the screen quota system , a measure that has shielded the korean film industry from the influx of big budget hollywood blockbuster films since .
since his death , nancy reagan has remained involved with the national alzheimer s association and its affiliate , the ronald and nancy reagan research institute in chicago , illinois .
small pins inspired by picasso s dove of peace were visible on the lapels and dresses of some people in attendance .
we could see the fire coming out of it .
since the war began , the estimates of wounded iraqis have ranged from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of people .
police say they found a vehicle that belongs to a former university of georgia professor suspected of killing his wife and two other people last week .
that day we felt isolated , but not for long and not from each other , mayor michael bloomberg said as the ceremony began in new york .
it is so strange that the regime is giving the people one more day off , while most government employees are not hard workers , el erian said .
clinton s political stock is on the rise , although she insists she will not consider entering the race for president this year .
the law would include an article requiring judges to wrap up their investigations faster , with no inquiry lasting more than years , the newspaper alleged .
the certificate of deposit rate closed at . percent friday , unchanged from the previous session and contrary to forecasts of a correction following a recent surge in rates .
from the viewpoint , the alps spread out before you .
president roh moo hyun s latest reshuffle of his security and diplomatic team is not going down well with political parties including his own .
you have to watch this video , the site says .
they also released a photo of the two activists relaxing and drinking tea aboard the yushin maru .
the couple star in the vh reality tv series hogan knows best , with their two children .
scientists call the natural phenomenon aurora borealis cascading beams of greens , yellows , blues , purples or reds
brains in love and brains in lust don t look too much alike .
hong kong , china cnn lenovo group , the world s no . maker of personal computers , wants to take over a mid tier pc manufacturer valued at about million to bolster a barely profitable european arm a plan which sent its shares almost percent higher .
korolyov , russia cnn a russian soyuz spacecraft carrying south korea s first astronaut docked successfully at the international space station on thursday .
and for the first time in the decade since democracy began taking the handcuffs off broadcasters .
victory came as a timely boost for manager rafa benitez who heard this week that his job had been offered to juergen klinsmann .
even so , lago said , fans are disappointed .
today , scientists can use them to locate ruins some no bigger than a small living room in some of the most remote and forbidding places on the planet .
police then found the five victims , who had all been killed with an ax , braunsperger said .
mccain is seen as a moderate republican when it comes to immigration reform , but the conservative base of his party has taken a hard line approach on the issue .
beardsley said he initially thought the alleged robbery was a law enforcement operation .
that rising tide of petrodollars lifted a chinese company , sinopec no . , into the top for the first time .
another key issue in this week s meetings will be whether the north allows a test run of trains on rebuilt tracks through the heavily armed frontier dividing the peninsula .
india asked doctors to cancel vacations friday and rushed food and medicine to flooded regions where disease has stricken thousands of people .
the foreign ministry summoned japanese ambassador shotaro oshima tuesday to protest koizumi s visit to the controversial shrine in tokyo .
north korea wanted the u . s . military to stop the drills , branding the exercises as an invitation to war .
since most of miley s fans aren t even old enough for their own green training bras yet , the emergence of the racy images calls into question the viability of an entertainment empire balanced on the delicate , developing shoulders of an adolescent girl .
passengers on an american airlines flight leaving o hare in chicago had a scare .
she wanted more blood taken right away with at least one attorney present .
cards , letters and stamps have been acquired by an illinois foundation from a private collector and will soon be on permanent display in a museum in suburban chicago .
a cable anchored to the earth s surface , reaching tens of thousands of kilometers into space , balanced with a counterweight attached at the other end is the basic design for the elevator .
the vote comes despite president george w bush s threat to veto any timetable .
obama on tuesday had , delegates , just delegates shy of the , needed to clinch the nomination .
biden later told wolf blitzer on the situation room thursday that he didn t mean to use a curse word .
the kennel club , the country s year old governing body for dogs , says generations of breeders have exaggerated the animal s large jowly face , stubby legs and big shoulders , making it hard for them to breathe , walk , and breed .
the korea herald reports a high level alert posture introduced after the earlier warnings remained in effect as officials investigated the latest threat , posted tuesday on what it called an islamic web site .
the union made its decision after taking into account the negative response from the korean people as well as the union members , the release said .
to my own surprise , i found the answer during the very first meeting . i thought everyone would laugh at my suggestion , so i waited until the last two minutes to talk and after i did , the room just fell silent , fink , a former commander in the israeli army , told cnn .
stocks opened higher this morning on a half day for wall street
two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital , mogadishu , left civilians dead and more than wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday .
haglund , a cheery , classic blond , wore a revealing silver sequined dress and black bikini during the evening gown and swimsuit portions of the pageant .
simon cowell didn t want to hear any excuses about her being too tired to rehearse
there is huge tension in the city , where thousands are attending mughniyeh s funeral and rivals have held a memorial for ex pm rafik hariri .
but fatah now exerts control only over palestinian life in the west bank .
the u . s . navy was planning to begin distribution as early as
the scene of the attack in the province of baghlan was left littered with bodies and splattered with blood in one of the worst attacks in recent times .
this is the problem , and unless they change their thinking , an agreement will be difficult , sasae said earlier sunday .
the complaints among many foreigners is attributable to chauvinism among koreans and the lack of social systems for foreigners , she said .
he is the grandson of psychoanalyst sigmund freud and came to london from germany when he was a child .
hong kong chief executive tung chen hwa issued a statement saying he was concerned so many people had protested .
despite huge attempts to patch things up they both know deep down that divorce was on the cards .
the world bank is alleged to have cut from a report research that suggests pollution causes hundreds of thousands of premature deaths annually in communist china .
much of the fire was leveled at obama , who once again answered questions about controversial statements by his former pastor and his own comments that some rural pennsylvanians are bitter .
as bc card applied the higher card fee to wal mart s new pohang outlet , the retailer has canceled its contract with the card company for this store , said a spokeswoman from wal mart korea , who asked not to be named .
the finer points of lying in online ultimatum bargaining .
chino also expressed skepticism over creation of the so called northeast asian development bank involving south korea , japan and china . the korea times reports north korea will not attend the th annual meeting of asian development bank on cheju island , which will run from may to , according to the head of the manila based organization .
kelly is currently a senior advisor at the center for strategic and international studies .
i would love to re answer that question , upton said .
the international committee of the red cross has turned over two freed south korean hostages to korean authorities .
authorities announced the arrests on saturday .
repair work on the tunnel , completed in , began on october and was to be finished early next year .
since the asian financial crisis , they have spent over billion studying abroad or taking language training courses overseas .
chinese espionage poses the single largest risk to the security of the us technology , a panel has told congress .
the definition of literacy is subjective .
according to a statement on the bp web site , browne resigned following a court ruling allowing newspapers to publish details about his relationship with former partner jeff chevalier .
in the coming weeks , we will hold it up to the light of day and fight for the change of strategy and redeployment of troops that is long overdue , reid said .
leaders of the g nations have agreed to seek substantial cuts in emissions in an effort to tackle climate change .
violators can face a fine of over , under the regulations , which critics are calling a heavy handed blow to free speech .
he survived that one and he was willing to accept that type of attack .
military ministers for the two koreas will meet in pyongyang on friday .
police fired back , killing militants and wounding more , a ministry statement said .
christopher campbell , a former olympic wrestler who has dissented in several arbitration panel rulings against athletes , accused anti doping organizations of behaving as if they are above the law .
education ministry presents a guideline for essay tests .
the commission had gone to the villages to encourage residents to share their past with the truth commission and were led to the graves , located in lofa county on liberia s border with guinea and sierra leone .
pfann said .
there were other incidents of violence on sunday .
valery baranov , head of the joint armed command of the north caucasus , died at the scene .
imagine trying to fend off a wild beast with a stick by yourself
amin is a year old father of five with broad shoulders , a rich baritone and a confident , animated demeanor .
attorney brad friedman represents many madoff victims recovery will depend in part on what kind of plea deal is struck .
we will investigate this and take appropriate actions , perrine said .
and the brazilian military were supportive throughout the unusual relocation mission . on friday , the penguins were loaded into special crates and put onto the plane for the journey to pelotas , in southern brazil .
these defendants purposely undertook a course of action which could well have endangered many citizens , as well as the life of the animal in question , said u . s . attorney james mcdevitt .
the number of acquittals is likely to disappoint survivors of the attacks and relatives of the victims , who said the trial had dredged up bad memories of the bombings that they could not now put to rest .
the earthquake hit the country s methoni region the site of heightened seismic activity in recent months .
the dow has been up more than points in the first half hour .
pharmacists have been barred from providing medication without a doctor s prescription , part of a controversial reshaping of korea s health care system .
pakistani president pervez musharraf removed chaudhry from his post on march , accusing him of misusing his powers to secure a top police job for his son .
today , it s part of everyday life .
while approved for use against malaria , a life threatening illness , quinine was never approved for its other common usage treatment of leg cramps . the drug has been linked to reports of adverse events , including deaths , according to the fda .
scenes of terror in toyland that shows photos of children on st . nick s lap
intel was one of the many companies that flourished .
as everyone began to leave at about p . m . gmt , the militants detonated explosive devices and began opening fire .
since the injury i have not run , rodriguez said .
i told him that the united states would resume full assistance to the palestinian government and normal government to government contacts , rice said .
manchester united , liverpool , chelsea and arsenal are believed to account for about a third of that debt .
four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force but were acquitted of state charges on april , .
iyad nasr , a spokesman for the international committee of the red cross , said the streets of gaza were largely empty while airstrikes continued monday morning .
the korea times reports defense minister yoon kwang ung monday reaffirmed his ministry s push for the u . s . base relocation plan , despite strong protests from pyongtaek residents and some civic groups .
. food scientist
according to the company , model shoes are exported to markets including iraq , iran , syria and egypt .
the new group of adversaries include some members of roh moo hyun s own party .
barbra streisand recently hit the headlines in britain when tickets to her upcoming show at the venue in london went on sale for up to pounds each .
envoys have shown rising frustration at north korea s intransigence , repeatedly saying negotiations were getting bogged down over a single issue .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice will be at the talks after ending her tour of the middle east on tuesday .
the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog organization , mohamed el baradei said on sunday that any u . s . monitoring of his telephone calls would be a violation of his privacy but that he had nothing to hide .
the crowd rioted on the same day that a policeman fatally shot a lazio fan at a highway rest stop .
the other broke a leg , the military said .
federal law requires either days notice or days pay for the laid off workers .
francesca and talia were friends .
a man who died last week in the south chinese province of guangdong has been confirmed by the health ministry as the country s ninth victim of bird flu .
a man was charged with theft and burglary after police said they found pounds of women s panties , brassieres and other underwear at his home .
lenovo s shares soared percent in the second quarter , versus the hong kong benchmark index s percent rise , as investors cheered improvement in its international business .
president roh moo hyun , sunday accepted the resignation of prosecutor general kim jong bin , who offered to quit after a feud with justice minister chun jung bae , last week the presidential office said .
the italian ansa news agency said the young man and woman were taken into custody by police in the northern city of cesena following a telephone complaint from a man attending morning mass in the city s cathedral .
greenberg was forced out over accusations of accounting fraud in .
the strike , the bad news , is past us , sid ganis , president of the academy of motion picture arts and sciences , said thursday .
saddam hussein and eleven of his former top aides were turned over to iraqi officials wednesday . the u . s . will maintain physical custody of saddam for security reasons .
our jim milatello is there
the high value of the euro has caused concern among european exporters , as it makes their products more expensive in the us .
we found this criticism right and started to look for legal possibilities of a case like that , hurriyet daily news . com reported .
sitting by his side throughout the hour and a half interview was omar s wife , zaina .
a florida pharmacy is taking blame for killing polo horses over the weekend .
the department said it is severing ties between banco delta asia and the u . s . financial system because of its alleged money laundering for north korea .
nobody really knows how to get out of it .
i was greatly disappointed .
meanwhile , the country s attorney general called for a recount and independent investigation into the december election in which incumbent president mwai kibaki was declared the victor over opposition candidate raila odinga .
meanwhile , israeli ground troops and tanks were deployed around gaza .
you could not see your hand in front of your face this morning out there .
march th through the st is national inhalant and poison awareness week , and people who would like to get more information about that , they can go to www . inhalants . net .
reacting to the speech , a spokesman for sen . barack obama , the democratic front runner , said that the substance of it mirrored obama s positions but that mccain has no track record of leading on the issue .
military sources said two mi helicopter gunships , a u . s . built beechcraft reconnaissance plane and a chinese built k fighter jet , were damaged .
hence , it is the best place to study black holes in detail .
last week , the husband and his friends moved his belongings to one side of the house and sawed and chiseled it off , said the reporter , who interviewed the village chief and neighbors .
uri party lawmaker shin ki nam resigned thursday as party leader , and non lawmaker lee bu young took over as chairman of the party s steering committee .
clinton turned her attention to texas , which holds its primary on march .
the two sides meet next week in beijing , according to eu officials .
republican john mccain was there in person earlier , saying he s confident congress can come up with a consensus by monday to stabilize the nation s financial markets while protecting taxpayers and homeowners , and resonates with los angeles woman who talked to knbc tv .
bond is eventually captured , imprisoned and tortured in communist north korea .
ashraf laidi , chief foreign exchange strategist for cmc markets in new york , said the announcement pushed the euro lower because it all but eliminated the chance for a rate cut by the fed before its next meeting .
the announcement regarding the negotiations came three days after president bush s visit to israel and the palestinian territories .
yeltsin had suffered health problems since resigning on december , , and died from sudden heart failure , medical sources told russia s interfax news agency .
he said the findings correspond with aha guidelines , which recommend aerobic exercise at least six days a week and weight training two or three times weekly .
israel aircraft have dropped leaflets in gaza warning of an escalation in the offensive against hamas .
the supreme court won t be taking another look at its recent decision that outlawed executions for people convicted of raping children .
if he keeps going down this road , i think that he won t last long .
al maliki said iraq doesn t want its sovereignty to be violated by any of its neighbors , which include iran , kuwait , jordan , saudi arabia , syria and turkey .
chae committed the arson after he concluded that the authorities were ignoring his petition against developers who allegedly did not pay him in full for land he sold them , said nam hyun woo , head of the seoul metropolitan police agency s criminal investigation unit .
the credit card company said the number of credit card usages overseas rose . percent to , during the same period .
the protesters demand the referendum be suspended , saying the amendments would weaken civil liberties in one of south america s oldest democracies and give chavez unprecedented power to declare states of emergency .
so he gave it to cass dillon , a year old singer songwriter from long island .
what we re trying to do is move students out of their comfort zone , said mike nicholson , oxford university admissions director .
kampala , uganda cnn britain s queen elizabeth ii on thursday commended the ugandan government for its efforts to end devastating conflict in northern uganda , where a rebel group has waged a brutal year insurgency .
his chosen successor , russian president vladimir putin , issued a decree declaring wednesday a day of national mourning . putin also called yeltsin s widow to express his condolences , interfax reported .
lee seong tae and his six fellow policymakers held the december target for the call rate , the interest charged on overnight inter bank loans , steady at a six year high of percent .
the government will also push to revise laws to allow more efficient and swifter peacekeeping activities under the supervision of a pan government organization , foreign and defense ministries officials said in a debate hosted by uri party lawmaker kim myung ja .
nasa spokesman james hartsfield said that while it wasn t unusual for astronauts to leave the astronaut corps and return to the military , it was the first time the space agency had requested that the military terminate an assignment .
the government s priority is to protect public safety and national security and we will take all steps necessary to do so , home secretary jacqui smith said in a statement .
journalists and television cameras gathered outside the guemes hospital after maradona was admitted late on wednesday .
defense minister abdel qader mohammed jassim has been involved in diplomatic talks with the turkish ambassador in baghdad and has called for resolving these issues peacefully and strengthening ties between iraq and turkey , al askari said .
actor charlton heston died at his beverly hills home at the age of saturday , his family said .
president roh moo hyun said on thursday his administration would continue to pursue a proper mixture of leftist and rightist policies both for sustainable growth and the alleviation of socioeconomic polarization .
when asked whether a female with so so looks and sex appeal could get a record deal , gretchen wilson quickly replied they can t .
until then we will have to settle for tantalizing glimpses of it wrapped in foil .
the new chip will use a nanometer technology to double the available storage in a space much less than twice the size . samsung electronics co . , the world s second largest chipmaker , announced that it is preparing for mass production of a gigabit nand flash memory chip next year .
the wga informed us they will picket the event on sunday , the actors guild said in a statement .
during the good years , a buoyant financial market makes it easy to find financing for innovative new companies .
it s not a political issue . it s a moral issue , gore said while holding the oscar during his speech .
giuliani had percent of the vote , followed closely by former arkansas gov . mike huckabee who held percent .
one economist warned that the strike could result in more serious problems than short term scarcity .
however , on the island of hispaniola divided between the dominican republic and haiti rain continued to fall , forcing river levels higher .
the u . s . house is considering a nonbinding resolution that would demand a formal acknowledgment and apology from the japanese government for the brothels .
i think if we go in divided we ll come out divided , and it ll be much harder to win , he said on cnn s american morning .
scientists say the beads contain a chemical that the human body metabolizes into the so called date rape drug gamma hydroxy butyrate .
unlike airlines , amtrak has had few visible changes to security since the september , , terrorist attacks , but in recent years trains have been the targets of terrorism .
then was the winter of their discontent
the wisconsin state patrol shut down interstate east of madison in both directions , causing a traffic backup of about five miles , according to a wisconsin state patrol dispatcher who declined to give her name .
but clearly , i think he s somebody who s very consumed with the image he has out there in the country , the impression he s made so far on fans here in new york .
san jose , california cnn citing disagreements with the organization , intel corp . said thursday it has abandoned the one laptop per child program , dealing a big blow to the ambitious project seeking to bring millions of low cost laptops to children in developing countries .
shimon gibson , one of three archaeologists who first discovered the tomb in , said monday of the film s claims i m skeptical , but that s the way i am . i m willing to accept the possibility .
organizers , who claimed , protesters were at the event , banned politicians from taking to the stage , but said politicians from all parties were welcome in the crowd .
the trailer was found by police on monday about miles kilometers away in salford , greater manchester minus its valuable load .
if people s basic needs are left unattended , this will only serve to further destabilize the country .
his month premiership has been hit by a series of scandals and questions over his leadership abilities .
commander peggy whitson and daniel tani replaced a motor needed to tilt a solar wing toward the sun , taking extra precautions to avoid being shocked .
india s external affairs minister pranab mukherjee met his chinese counterpart li zhaoxing and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov on wednesday to discuss business , trade and energy security among the three asian powers .
and bagging a billionaire boyfriend is the most desirable way to earn the all important mula or bimbo dollars .
but one that s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in atlanta .
all this is an important first step , bush said at the conclusion of the conference . in other words , this is a beginning of a series of meetings .
the victims , their ages and their years of service are
new elections have been set for may , according to kuwait s state run news agency , kuna .
in karachi , police tuesday cracked down on journalists protesting media curbs under the emergency declaration , according to witnesses and police sources .
the bush white house is opposed to reviving the military draft .
i think it s appropriate for us to convey australia s concern to our counterparts and that s what we ve done , ellison told the abc .
the red river is falling faster than previously predicted
south korea s military , however , said saturday it did not believe north korea was preparing to test fire its ballistic missiles .
the war has claimed more than british lives and has never been popular with the british public .
renuart added that there does not as yet appear to be much concern about sensitive technologies on the satellite falling into enemy hands .
wall street investors as well drew little comfort from bush s plan for about us billion worth of tax relief to encourage consumer spending .
powerful earthquakes hit asia .
the recording was broadcast by arab satellite tv al jazeera on sunday . the white house said us intelligence believed the tape was authentic .
obama added that the best resolution would be for blagojevich to resign office and allow a lawful and appropriate process of succession to take place .
the country s economy is collapsing , and torture and rape under the country s military regime is commonplace .
how do you fix the world s most expensive health care system ?
key receivers for each team .
the agreement is subject to approval and acceptance by the united states district court for the district of columbia .
budget was the . billion pound contingency .
steve ellis with taxpayers for common sense , says lawmakers use that bill as a catch all for what he calls a number of questionable programs .
the arrest comes on the same day officials confirmed the body they found saturday is the body of pregnant lake township , ohio , resident jessie marie davis .
warner bros . made the deal last week for the film , which would most likely be based on conspiracy of fools , a book chronicling the scandal written by new york times reporter kurt eichenwald , the studio said , confirming a report first published by variety , the entertainment industry publication .
the video was shown in the legislature monday , and angry lawmakers voted to suspend her , said parliamentary spokesman haseb noori .
president elect barack obama could reverse some of president bush s most controversial executive orders , including restrictions on embryonic stem cell research , shortly after taking office in january .
markets showed little reaction and are pricing in further rises in borrowing costs .
the peer told the house of lords that a court annulled the union as soon as the twins true relationship became known .
investors also were heartened by news that jp morgan chase co . raised its offer for bear stearns fivefold to a share from a share .
but arirang s upcoming debut in pyongyang marks the first time that a south korean movie has been publicly screened in the north since the korean war .
in greendale , wis . , doreen schellhase , , her two daughters and her son s girlfriend donned santa hats and prepared to storm the target store before its a . m . opening , equipped with two way radios to best the competition .
after the former portuguese enclave of macau opened up to the big u . s . casino firms , it proved so popular that its annual gambling revenues hit us billion last year .
olice are investigating how a porn video was posted on yahoo korea , one of the nation s largest portal sites .
juan scored in his league debut in the st minute and roma captain francesco totti added his second goal of the season in the th , after reggina were reduced to men .
authorities said they believe sunni insurgents hit the mosque .
the eu assembly has no legal powers over the matter and can only make recommendations .
the company said the feature will be available as part of its uconnect system that will debut in most chrysler , dodge and jeep models .
two movies by martin scorsese also made the top in the poll released by the british film institute s sight sound magazine .
washington cnn the supreme court on thursday rejected a sweeping handgun ban in the nation s capital , saying it violates americans constitutional right to keep and bear arms .
when he tried to flee , police gave chase and opened fire , and the man detonated his explosives , ayub said .
at least two people were killed when a tornado slammed into a hospital in the south georgia town of americus on thursday evening , according to a georgia emergency management agency spokesman .
the quake s epicenter was about eight miles northwest of lake elsinore .
korea lags behind most of its peers in the organization for economic cooperation and development in women s employment rates .
french scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes .
it will be the first time in the year history of spaceflight that two women are in charge of two spacecraft at the same time .
i called geico , and an agent gave me the go ahead .
the girl is normal , according to the doctors , and there is a possibility she is suffering from dehydration , meshram said .
the attack comes in the wake of a large scale israeli offensive in gaza that began last week and killed more than people .
a long island , new york wal mart worker was trampled to death by a mob of shoppers when the doors were opened early yesterday .
a doctor and three nurses monitored hawking throughout the zero gravity corp . flight .
the board approached bartz in december , she said .
for now , astronauts and cosmonauts who become critically sick or injured at the international space station something that has never happened can leave the orbiting outpost miles above earth and return home within hours aboard a russian soyuz space vehicle .
the liquid restriction applies only to carry on bags .
prashant naik , the chief electoral officer of the state , told cnn that a candidate s name matters little to the electorate because so many voters and politicians themselves have peculiar ones .
berlin , germany cnn german authorities have arrested three men on suspicion of planning attacks on frankfurt s international airport and the u . s . military base in ramstein , according to a statement from the german attorney general s office .
mosley is suing the news of the world s parent company for breach of privacy .
a third mother was able to cling to the edge of the basket for a few seconds before falling
hewitt is a very good player on grass so it s fantastic to beat him .
you can see the changes for yourself , with the october th issue on new stands now .
officials estimate that of the six million population are infected .
a foreign ministry official claims the charges reflected cold war mentality .
ads for the movie are also on the internet , which is not subject to federal regulation .
is thought to be th century india , when powdered smallpox scabs were used to inoculate people against the disease .
south korea s rank dropped three places compared to that of last year .
leahy , of vermont , said clinton has every right , but not a very good reason , to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to .
the cause of the blast is not yet known .
ice as much as a half inch thick coated roads and tree limbs in parts of extreme southeast kansas and northeastern oklahoma .
this small family lives in a small rented house in a shiite neighborhood in western baghdad .
a new roman catholic bishop of beijing is being consecrated in the chinese capital , the first for more than years to have the approval of the pope .
in the mayor s view , he should not be shown as a cult figure , kolodziej said .
she and another female rhino named nola came to the wild animal park in san diego in as part of an effort to breed the species .
a high sodium intake , research leader fiona mathews , a specialist in mammalian biology at exeter university , told the guardian newspaper .
the total reworked deal is worth about . billion .
in a version of the statement carried by south korea s yonhap news agency , north korea also said it will now resume disabling its nuclear plants .
siljander served three terms in the house of representatives before losing to a republican primary challenger in .
let us pray for mutual understanding , that hearts will be opened , so that borders can be opened , he said .
sen . barack obama , the democratic front runner after his impressive win in iowa last week , and sen . john mccain , who is neck and neck with mitt romney in the republican race in new hampshire , are trying something different .
nitrosamines are a natural by product of processing tobacco into cigarettes , but nitrosamine levels in us cigarettes are higher than , for instance , cigarettes made in australia and that , says one researcher , could explain why a certain type of lung cancer here in america is on the rise .
my friends and i based ourselves at rivers , the rough and ready resort winston has carved out of a former banana plantation .
in an interview with kyodo news agency published on wednesday , ben hills said tokyo s reaction to his book , princess masako prisoner of the chrysanthemum throne was outrageous .
the tiny by inch oil painting sold for , at a hamburg art auction last weekend , auction house kunst kettler said .
the mood of the nation is for reconciliation now , rudd said .
.
real madrid coach fabio capello said on sunday that neither he nor the club would consent to releasing david beckham early so that he could join his new american club los angeles galaxy .
but winemakers of all sizes , from international spirits giants to mom and pop home brewers , see huge potential in india s booming market .
i think he was a real leader for us .
u . s . defense officials said four f a a fighter jets from the nimitz were in the air .
the uci can confirm that lance armstrong has and will be the subject of very strict monitoring throughout the period running up to his return to the peloton .
israel freed more than palestinian detainees in july and another in october .
his barber shop was often visited by media reporting on the local economic impact of thousands of soldiers with the st airborne division being deployed to iraq .
the past five years have seen growth in yoga vacations that is emblematic of a larger trend in the travel industry , says allen kay , spokesman for the travel industry association .
north korea does not appear to be at the stage of test firing its long range missile in a day or two , despite recent news reports , as few concrete signs indicating an imminent launch have been detected , sources in seoul said monday .
north korean envoys on wednesday reportedly demanded aid in exchange for freezing the program at the start of low level working group talks hosted by china .
the drill is thought to have been broadly successful , although there were some delays with communications systems in thailand .
seoul national university snu president chung un chan on monday urged the government to reconsider its ban on the high school ranking system .
the fire quickly engulfed the six car train and then spread to another train which pulled into the station a few minutes later .
the tracks show that their owners were descending , not climbing , he said .
all hindus know that hanuman can lift mountains and leap oceans , but ancient texts make no mention of his business acumen .
sharing with friends , swapping out clothing , really just making sure that we are protecting our assets .
if you support the troops , would you deny them the reinforcements they think are necessary to complete the mission ?
the coroner was establish ing identity and liaising with outside agencies to determine if this is linked to the other partial remains recovered in the recent past , police in the british columbian district of delta said .
lapd said it was cracking down on what it called aggressive begging .
al lahim said he is appealing the decision to bar him from representing the victim and has a meeting with justice minister abdullah bin muhammad bin ibrahim al sheikh on monday .
a un resolution passed last month accused north korea of widespread and grave abuses of human rights .
sen . hillary clinton rode the momentum of her pennsylvania win into indiana on wednesday , with her campaign saying it is on pace to raise million in hours .
this is as close as you can come to jumping on them . it s just like that .
he attached excerpts that referred to his offer , when he became president of the bank two years ago , to refrain from dealings with his companion , shaha riza , who then worked in the bank s middle east department .
better methods are needed to restrict the use of aggressive and deceptive tactics to market pornography online without also hampering access to legitimate sites , the researchers said .
the theory is unproven and is only one of a number of scenarios being probed by engineers .
but soon they will also be popping up or looking that way on to more streets where speeding is a problem .
i m just like , what is the universe trying to tell me ?
simpson s armed robbery and kidnapping case .
hopkin said the sale fell through after darwin walked away from the deal .
in the past these deals have been worked out in private , said marcelo furtado , director of greenpeace s brazilian campaign . it s a victory for society to have this additional accountability .
personality develops , by watching you play the game .
cnn two anti whaling activists who were seized by a japanese whaling vessel two days ago have been handed over to australian government officials on a ship in the antarctic , japan s ministry of foreign affairs announced thursday .
saberi was convicted of spying by the iranians
but he apparently gave seoul the nod to carry on constructing an industrial complex in kaesong , another key project of south korea s sunshine policy of economically engaging north korea .
when asked if the u . s . commitment is enough , guterres said , the dimension of the problem is so huge that nothing is anytime enough , but i think it s a very good start .
a satellite image taken in march shows a section of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica , measuring kilometers by . kilometers , crumble away into the sea .
red buses will be used for running wide areas linking seoul and kyonggi areas .
until now , lobbying activities have not been officially recognized nor recorded .
one of the milwaukee offenders was arrested after police found a candy dish
kenya , one of the most tourist friendly countries in africa , has seen up to billion in losses linked to the turmoil .
about . million illegal immigrants live in the us , many entering via mexico .
rice said i think the parallels just frankly have no basis whatsoever , while acknowledging that it s not an easy time for russian us relations .
the dodgers visit the cubs in the national league .
the number of foreign tourists peaked at about . million in , but slipped to . last year , according to official statistics .
moment to moment , you may be exhausted , frustrated , sometimes angry , says peter ubel , m . d . , a professor of medicine and psychology at the university of michigan .
his death , in the town of beit lahiya , sparked a series of factional clashes .
north korea has confirmed it has received m following a funding row that had hindered progress on a nuclear disarmament deal .
many say this is just the first step in a new technology that will transform orthopedic medicine .
a suicide bomber in northern iraq killed six people , including five police officers . the bomber detonated an explosives belt at a checkpoint in tal abta , about miles west of mosul , police said .
the suit claims the trust , which banked with habib , was a front for mohammed and al qaeda that abetted and conspired in the pearl slaying .
the korea times reports kang s dismissal was met with disbelief , although the presidential office indicated it accepted her wish to step down because she has been complaining of fatigue .
from california to illinois politics , the state attorney general says she ll go to the state supreme court to have governor rod blagojevich declared unfit to hold office if he doesn t step down soon on his own .
however , no one was appearing as an official representative of a country .
tsvangirai , head of the movement for democratic change , believes he defeated president robert mugabe in the polls .
critics of the emblem have described it as hideous , while organizers called it powerful and modern .
johnston , wearing blue jeans and a button down shirt and looking gaunt , was led out of a building and hustled into the back of a sport utility vehicle at dawn gaza time wednesday .
but cech needed surgery on sunday after what chelsea called a training ground accident which left him with lacerations to his lip and chin .
changing the toxicity levels in the trees could further reduce the varieties that koalas find palatable , he said .
at least people were killed and more than others injured early thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale bangkok nightclub where about , revelers were ringing in the new year , thai police said .
according to the plan , the central government will add about , officials each year until .
sharia law is a legal and social code designed to help muslims in their daily lives .
the ministry plans to make the social service come under strict labor conditions and impose a longer term for the objectors in order to secure fairness in the alternative conscription system .
despite lingering questions about the case , the fate of samar saed abdullah remains the gallows .
did you just hear that huge blast ?
applicants whose esta applications are denied will be referred to travel . state . gov for information on how to apply for a visa .
it is about the explosion in the ranks of the affluent class , the people who make more than , a year and have a net worth in excess of million .
xiao can mean either small or laugh in chinese , but inkless printing is a big deal in both the professional and consumer markets , where eco friendly printers can now be integrated into almost any gadget .
scientists at the jet propulsion laboratories in pasadena are still being amazed by the two mars rovers that are exploring the red planet and have high hopes for more discoveries .
olga kurylenko and gemma arterton will co star in the latest installment of the franchise opposite daniel craig , columbia pictures has announced .
with troops , australia will remain leader of a strong international force that was invited by east timor s government two years ago to restore order .
it is illegal to have an abortion in romania after weeks unless the pregnancy poses problems for the mother s health , said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be named .
gefitinib has been taken by at least , cancer patients since it was cleared for use in japan in july .
for the past several years we have been hearing about the gargantuan amounts of wealth rapidly accumulated by tech superstars .
he lied about his age and signed up as a year old ambulance driver .
there is no time limit to claim most abandoned property .
the letter also showed that kim harbored negative feelings toward the u . s . and was critical of the actions u . s . soldiers committed toward iraqis .
everyone involved with live earth india . . . is stunned and saddened by the tragic events of the past few days in our host city mumbai , the organizers said in a statement .
clint eastwood doesn t know if he s a legend .
she is not on the verge of giving birth , not at all , she said .
benedict denounced selfishness , injustice , hatred and violence between individuals and peoples .
people in seven coastal areas fell victim to the latest floods , which began friday .
nafdac claims most of the counterfeit drugs come from india and china .
several us officials have stepped back from threatening pre emptive action against the north , while warning it can expect consequences if it goes ahead .
roman catholics staged a mass demonstration in madrid last december to blast the government policies .
referring to the failure to ratify the tribunal , he said it was strange to oppose justice .
other material , such as porn magazines and books , are already banned under iranian law .
they apologized for any embarrassment which they may unintentionally have caused to any person or group of persons including parents , the statement said .
the official said the area is one of the last insurgent safe havens in the agricultural region that includes sprawling fields and farmlands .
los angeles , california cnn a judge put the brakes on britney spears driving without a license case wednesday after her lawyers said they don t believe the troubled pop star is capable of resolving the matter .
when our intelligence professionals have the legal tools to gather information about the intentions of our enemies , america is safer , bush said on sunday .
the korea times reports seventy year old chae jong gi who started the fire that destroyed seoul s namdaemun , claimed thursday that it was president roh moo hyun who drove him to commit arson at the national heritage site by not listening to his petition .
nearly million chinese will enter child bearing age in the next years , minister minister zhang weiqing told the china daily newspaper .
reports say , people have died and , are trapped in debris in the city .
brazil has been awarded the world cup finals , fifa president sepp blatter announced tuesday .
the six members of the prague based ztohoven group were charged last month with spreading false information and face up to three years in jail if convicted , said dusan ondracek , the state prosecutor in the northern town of trutnov , who is in charge of the case .
the conference has set june as the deadline for completion of the english language text so that it can be translated into other u . n . languages and be ready to meet the u . n .
two leading candidates of the main opposition grand national party gnp have become the target of scrutiny both inside and outside the party .
cnn east timor president and nobel laureate jose ramos horta was shot twice , while prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unhurt monday in coordinated attacks blamed on rebel troops , officials said .
vice foreign minister lee kyu hyung arrived in hong kong and met with high ranking officials , including commissioner of police lee ming kwai , to express regret over the violent rallies and appeal for leniency toward the south korean protesters .
soderbergh directed del toro to the supporting actor oscar for s traffic .
a strong performance in new hampshire can give a candidate valuable momentum , enabling them to rally supporters and raise extra campaign funds going forward to the crucial super tuesday primaries on february when voters in states will participate in primary elections .
many people across the continent are using more than one computer every day
once inside , they found an explosive filled propane tank buried beneath the floor .
kwon jae yoon and lee yoon gyeong , year old high school students , stood there and prayed .
the animals performed the trick virtually all of the time whether they were given a reward or not when alone or with another dog .
of the seven legislative seats in local governments at stake , the conservative gnp secured five while the mdp took one .
watson said that he had sent a letter to members of the bahamas diving association in july urging them to stop cageless dives with about dangerous species .
dean said he agrees with sen . chris dodd that if the party goes to the convention divided , they will hand the election to sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee .
but they don t get one , bowen told sydney radio ue .
violence was directed at sunni mosques in baghdad and two provinces south of the capital basra and babil .
he was flying a blue and white single engine citabria plane .
his group works with the airport to move wildlife from airport property to a sanctuary on the outskirts of the capital .
farc has fought to overthrow the colombian government for years .
the zimbabwe electoral commission , after a long delay , ruled that neither candidate had won the required majority of votes , and scheduled a runoff election for june .
police officer amjad khan told the associated press the blast hit a platoon of frontier constabulary troops in a truck near the police district headquarters .
president bush announced plans to deploy the first phase of a limited system designed to protect the united states against a ballistic missile attack .
according to officials at the ministry of finance and economy , prime minister han duck soo has instructed the government agencies to consider listing shares of healthy and strong state invested enterprises .
earlier in the day , three israeli soldiers were killed when troops exchanged gunfire with palestinian gunmen who were making their way toward the border between gaza and israel , just south of the nahal oz crossing , an army spokesman said .
but for those who still need their afternoon dose of caffeine , there is a cheap alternative .
the siege , now in its sixth day , is being staged by followers of a radical islamic cleric , who said from inside the complex they prefer martyrdom to surrender .
after months of arguments between deeply divided lebanese politicians and talks between the beirut government and the united nations , council members supported the western sponsored resolution to set up the court and five abstained .
the government will step up security at railway stations , where it will introduce random baggage and passenger screening .
in what some consider another waste of public funds , the government plans to establish an english only town on cheju island to provide high quality english learning opportunities to students who would otherwise head overseas for language learning , the ministry of finance and economy said yesterday .
a th person received a commutation of a life sentence for possession of methamphetamine with intent to distribute .
in that january flight , he and hirosuke takezawa flew from the canadian provionce of alberta to the u . s . state of montana , according to the federation .
since the . magnitude quake struck monday , china has dispatched choppers for dropping food and water , transporting the injured and delivering rescuers , xinhua reported .
north korea presented a roadmap toward its ultimate abandonment of nuclear weapons .
in a related development , synovate , a market researcher in chicago , threw a dose of cold water on korean pride recently when it said that only one out of eight consumers in europe and the united states think korean products are high in quality .
yushchenko , who advocates stronger ties to the west , and the more pro russian yanukovych , are bitter rivals dating back to the street demonstrations .
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has pledged to go ahead with the expansion of a jewish settlement near jerusalem fiercely opposed by palestinians .
he s unlikely to see a penny of his money .
bai jianjun , a law professor at peking university , said yang s conviction was a message to chinese capitalists .
however , radical clerics have labeled the show un islamic , calling for its end . but that hasn t stopped viewers from tuning in and voting for their favorites via mobile phone .
a figure comparable to the united states , which spends more than , a person on health care .
the result is a massive rebuke of the military , which has tried to curb thaksin s influence .
a statue worth more than , that was stolen from the palm beach , florida , estate of wall street investment adviser bernard madoff has been recovered , police said thursday .
in a recent interview with a left wing internet news outlet , he said , it s no use making peace with a scoundrel , referring to the united states .
protesters at the marble panathenian stadium chanted save tibet and unfurled a banner that read stop genocide in tibet .
he said many of the homeless were staying with friends or family or at mosques and government buildings .
it said shublaq was dizzy from a lack of oxygen after the minute flight , but was otherwise unhurt .
officials evacuated nearly a half million people from paloma s path before it came to shore last night .
a grammy nominated singer , winehouse s alleged battle with drugs have garnered constant headlines .
the victim is a year old sudanese national and father of six children .
president bush made clear in his opening remarks that he told roh that the u . s . is committed to a peace agreement once north korea complies .
the comments reflect growing european urgency over china s multibillion dollar trade surpluses .
but musharraf , influenced in part by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , held off on the move . on sunday musharraf addressed what he considers three dimensions of the problem .
the laser was fired from a static testbed in a carefully controlled test , but trw officials said they looked forward to producing a truly mobile version as the program progressed .
workers have a right to a safe environment and the harm done by tobacco smoke is now known to be significantly dangerous .
diamonds link comet to mammal extinction
palestinian medical sources said monday that palestinians have died in the operation .
former british conservative prime minister sir edward heath has died at the age of .
busan police said yesterday they had arrested and briefly detained a year old who they said distributed , japanese pornographic video clips on the internet , which police estimated was percent of all such online clips posted in korea .
the governors of connecticut , delaware , maine , maryland , massachusetts , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont agreed to work toward setting up a multistate system of etc , electronic toll collection .
according to abc news , the call came after hilton s mother , kathy , phoned walters .
christians are caught in the crossfire
earlier this year , protesters shut cuzco s airport and blocked the only rail line to machu picchu to make their point .
such qualities helped south koreans build one of the world s biggest economies in a few decades , even as totalitarian north korea stubbornly spurned change despite economic ruin and political isolation .
output at the , bpd field is already below normal due to routine maintenance at some installations .
a man checking for fire damage at a home he bought in a foreclosure auction walked into the living room and found the former owner s mummified body sitting on the couch , spanish police said tuesday .
these are just some of the reasons
president roh moo hyun said on wednesday that south korea will begin formal negotiations to conclude a free trade agreement fta with the united states as soon as differing views currently hindering the talks are fine tuned .
solicitor general paul clement will serve as acting attorney general , bush said , until a nominee has been confirmed by the senate .
north korea has to disable its reactor so that it cannot be brought back online without an enormous repair bill , he said . what we re looking for in terms of shutting down this reactor or shutting down this complex in yongbyon is just a first step of many steps .
despite the high tech industry s downturn , co founder bill gates said as he unveiled a strategy to push smart computing technology into everyday gadgets such as alarm clocks and pens .
a new report shows the economy shrinking at a worse than expected pace early this year , the . slide of blow to hopes about the recession may be bottoming out .
in an apparent bid to relieve pressure on their trapped allies , insurgents mounted major attacks in mosul , iraq s third largest city miles to the north .
but by saturday , the maoists had won of the constituencies for which results had been declared so far , election officials said .
the targets were an islamic jihad building in gaza city and a weapons warehouse belonging to fatah in the sheikh radwan neighborhood , the idf said .
thousands of police , firefighters , homeland security experts and military officials weaved their way between vendor booths .
immediately upon arrival from sydney where he attended the annual apec forum monday morning , roh accepted the resignation of year old byeon yang kyoon , the senior presidential secretary for policy planning .
chained teen shows up at calif .
dated december , the paper discusses korean concerns about that proposal . the document is somewhat at odds with the administration s public statements about the matter .
the taliban earlier said south korean and taliban representatives began face to face meetings friday night to negotiate the release of the hostages .
the move was in response to a recent landmark deal on ending north korea s nuclear programs .
the potential replacements for souter abound already
the wreckage of the kenya airways plane that disappeared early saturday morning has been found in cameroon , a senior aviation official told cnn .
many of those on the train were office workers headed home at the end of the workday , police said .
drake told the associated press that reagan is staying in the same room where former president ronald reagan stayed after he broke his hip at home in .
but with time running out for the necessary training , the agency most likely will not find anyone and the chance is now virtually zero that a tourist will come along on the flight , agency spokesman sergei gorbunov told interfax news agency .
new york cnn clint eastwood s my hero , denzel washington says . that s the model . he s the guy .
henry said the fact that arsenal manager arsene wenger would not commit to extending his contract , which runs until , had influenced his decision .
in washington tuesday , top executives from five of the biggest oil companies exxon mobil , royal dutch shell , bp , chevron and conocophillips were grilled before congress over their growing profits and corporate tax breaks .
cnn carrying blankets and bed sheets on their heads , thousands of refugees fleeing fighting in chad s capital n djamena crossed a drought stricken river to get to neighboring cameroon sunday , local officials and journalists said .
world series remains on hold , suspended because of rain .
norristown , pennsylvania cnn a pennsylvania teen jailed on suspicion of plotting a columbine style attack on his old school exchanged e mail with the disturbed student who killed eight people in a similar shooting in finland , the boy s lawyer said monday .
communist china recently repatriated seven north korean refugees who entered an international school for south koreans at yantai , shandong province , the foreign affairs and trade ministry in seoul said monday .
kerry enters his convention stronger than ronald reagan in or bill clinton in , the last two challengers to an incumbent president , though bush s side argues that he is rebounding .
she stayed in western north carolina mountain town the rest of her life .
they were laughing at me when i told them i was starting an antenna company , schneider said .
investigators cited the blazers account and a blazers hotmail e mail account in their affidavit , the source said .
while we recognize that chinese producers should be blamed for those problematic toys , what kind of responsibility should the u . s . designers and the u . s . importers take in this respect ?
jake gyllenhaal co stars as a cia analyst who comes to question his government s sanctioning of such abusive interrogations .
i do hope after my crossing that more people will follow suit , said president roh at the border .
in other violence tuesday , a nato service member was killed and two others wounded when an explosion struck a patrol in southern afghanistan , according to a statement from nato s international security assistance force .
the military took control of myanmar in and since then has regularly clashed with pro democracy groups .
both the dow and nasdaq have now ended lower for six sessions in a row .
stocks rallied monday , with the dow closing at an all time high on bets that the big banks are starting to put the worst behind them and on hopes that the federal reserve will continue cutting interest rates .
bush rejected the kyoto approach , as well as the latest german proposal for what happens after .
prosecutors have said pickton will be tried for the other murder charges but no date has been set .
united would now appear to be in the driving seat for a place in quarterfinals with the teams due to meet in the second leg at old trafford .
prosecutors say zerola met all three women in bars , charmed them , then attacked them when they refused to have sex .
along with the birth control pill in the s , this pill really changed people , society and medicine , goldstein said .
house financial services committee chairman barney frank says it s like rewarding incompetence
hamas senior official mahmoud zahar and hamas negotiator khalil al hayya held a news conference in gaza to publicly announce the egyptian brokered cease fire agreement , which they said will begin at a . m . thursday p . m . wednesday et .
the house voted by to in favor of the bill , which will now be sent to the senate for approval .
rice s whirlwind visit includes meetings with japan s prime minister , defense minister and foreign minister .
certain plants are all but gone .
shapira said the leopard was very weak when park rangers arrived at du mosch s home after the surprise late night visit .
after a weekend of playing defense about his bitter comments , sen . barack obama went on offense monday against his democratic rival and the presumptive republican nominee .
on thursday , the president spoke negatively of the gnp and also flatly stated that he would support the pro government uri party and the presidential candidate it produces .
the figure represents almost half the families in britain , and the majority of the country s children .
the endorsement shouldn t come as a surprise to edwards , who was publicly critical of kerry s campaign after the earlier election .
the victory means that beckham can still hold onto his dream of going to the united states with something to show for his four years in the spanish capital .
greyhounds represent the bulk of the donors , and with good reason because they typically have a universal blood type that any dog can receive .
this year is going to be a very important and crucial year , important year for afghanistan people and government .
however , it turned out that the revelation is a rehash of a court ruling concerning lee s violation of the election law .
danny goky singing at his church in milwaukee today , adam lambert is visiting his old high school in san diego , and hundreds of people turned out at a public party for matt giraud in kalamazoo , michigan last night .
spitzer built his career on rooting out public corruption and became a national figure with a series of high profile wall street investigations
the study was conducted by a group of eight archaeologists and geologists from the universities of oregon and california , northern arizona university , oklahoma university and depaul university .
they altered the mood by adjusting the lighting and thinning the plants , christen said .
scientists speculate the comet has exploded because there are sinkholes in its nucleus , giving it a honeycomb like structure .
techies , exhibitionists and luminaries even the co founder of apple and the mayor of philadelphia were among the inaugural group of iphone customers .
not for the , additional general motors workers who learned this morning they ll lose their factory jobs by next year , and not for car enthusiasts , who love the pontiac brand , which is going away .
the speaker called for armed revolt in the middle east .
zapatero has ruled with a plurality since , when he and rajoy first faced each other in a general election .
the u . s . backed leader cast pakistan into turmoil and raised serious doubts over the credibility of next month s parliamentary elections by imposing a state of emergency on november .
the joy on their faces was palpable .
swedish police took a blood test after he refused a breath test .
in , smith married year old texas oil magnate howard marshall ii .
musharraf replaced the previous court shortly after issuing the emergency order a move that his opponents said amounts to a power grab .
visitors from the country must currently apply for a visa in person at the u . s . embassy in seoul before they leave for the united states .
what s great here is that no two bags are the same .
i will try once again outside of politics to serve the common good .
kampusch also acknowledged she said goodbye to priklopil as he lay in a coffin .
people who couldn t enjoy intimacy before have been given a second life . . . . we have had a better life because of it .
it was a deception he maintained from until just days ago .
at least people were killed in bomb attacks across the country on july alone .
before norgay s death in , hillary consistently refused to confirm he was first , saying he and the sherpa had climbed as a team to the top .
in addition to facing criminal charges , the students have been suspended from school and evicted from campus housing , he said .
record oil prices are threatening korea s trade balance and the effects of government spending plans to stimulate the economy , government agencies and analysts said yesterday .
eu trade commissioner peter mandelson and south korean trade minister kim hyun chong both called for rapid progress in free trade negotiations .
he said the new law would follow the example of legislation elsewhere in the eu , including mandatory counselling for women who want to terminate their pregnancy .
de niro lampoons hollywood in new comedy
i am happy to be in your country to talk about the future , sarkozy wrote in a book at gaddafi s residence .
iorworth hoare was serving a life sentence for the rape of mrs . a when , in , he bought a single lottery ticket while on day release .
her parents , shambhu and poonam tatma , named the girl after the hindu goddess of wealth who has four arms .
ana said tuesday it was grounding its fleet of bombardiers for inspection and wouldn t resume service until their safety had been confirmed .
lady hillary sat with family and prime minister helen clark .
brazil midfielder kaka completed a virtual sweep of annual awards monday by winning fifa s world player of the year accolade for .
should the insurgents be willing to hand over their weapons and accept the constitutions of both countries ?
we speak english and we re reared in . . . english historical traditions , which have tended to depreciate what the spanish have contributed to history , said bill adams , the city s director of historic preservation and heritage tourism .
the us has this year deployed thousands more troops to iraq to carry out a security surge in and around baghdad .
by contrast thailand , which has followed the standard south east asian strategy of luring in foreign direct investment , seems likely to become the regional hub for motor manufacturing .
several chinese health workers have reportedly been arrested or fired over claims that they forced people to have abortions or sterilizations .
collins said the taliban leader was killed within that kilometers miles zone with the approval of the afghan government .
a team of nuclear experts from the united states will survey the facilities and make a final decision on the method to disable them , the diplomatic sources said .
plus , you might discreetly catch of a glimpse of the proceedings .
some royal clansmen consider him the first in line to the throne , but most koreans do not treat him as such , feeling insulted that a korean prince was born to a japanese mother .
about lincoln documents are among the items for sale from the small trust .
in third place were the creators of youtube , chad hurley and steve chen , whose file sharing site has become the star maker mtv used to be .
every spring brings yellow dust storms which blow sand from china s gobi desert over the koreas and japan .
kraft says the cars are comfortably heated and there is ample room to move around .
angelina jolie says she plans to take a year off from filmmaking to spend more time with her partner , brad pitt , and their children .
analysts are warning that the next economic crisis could claim malls , hotels and other businesses affected by the mortgage crunch .
the week long heat wave continued nationwide yesterday , forcing schools to close classes early or delay the start of fall semester .
i would ask you to go out , to follow your heart , to be proud that you re doing that , and remember that so goes california , so goes the nation , she said .
troops and war planes are trying to drive out taliban militants .
the last three captives , two women and a man , were handed over to icrc officials in ghazni province late on thursday .
serena williams , the defending
diaz and her princess posse sat down with the associated press to share their thoughts on the shrek films , their favorite animated tales and why these modern damsels don t sit around waiting for men to rescue them .
the infrared layer of the image shows that the fingers of the mona lisa s left hand were originally painted in a slightly different position than in the final portrait .
the landslide also killed a laborer at a rail tunnel work site above a highway . another was injured and two are missing .
britain s metropolitan police services confirmed that it is sending a small team of counterterrorism police to provide support and assistance in the investigation into the death of benazir bhutto .
palestinians , running out of fuel , food and other supplies after israel closed gaza border crossings , poured into egypt through blown out and torn down breaches in the border wall .
four soldiers , rifles at rest , stood guard as ordinary new zealanders said goodbye to a national hero , whose achievements are known around the world .
this summer , we learned that the nation s highways have never been safer .
the show , which premiers this weekend on fox reality channel , features arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants .
kim is jailed in the u . s . on embezzlement charges .
so what if the guy threw his shoe at me ?
and it s inspiring american women to emulate her style .
across the border in pakistan , officials have asked president barack obama to stop missile attacks on suspected militant camps .
then it s off for a couple of final days of intense debate rehearsal for the republican running mate .
the u . s . plan calls for withdrawing , of the , u . s . troops stationed in south korea , according to a statement released monday by the u . s . military in seoul .
renois said the apparent cause of the latest collapse was faulty construction .
japan yesterday banned a north korean ferry from entering its ports for six months and will impose economic sanctions against the communist country after it fired several missiles into the east sea .
spanish league leaders barcelona are unbeaten in matches in all competitions and were always on top in lisbon after thierry henry opened the scoring in the th minute , brilliantly set up by lionel messi .
on monday , roh and his wife swept up to pyongyang in a motorcade , to be greeted by kim jong il , north korea s reclusive leader , and cheering crowds .
north korean defectors and other sources privy to the north s ruling family said ko s parents were koreans who emigrated from japan in the s .
defense secretary gates says russia s proposal that washington scrap its missile defense plans in eastern europe is unacceptable .
last month , military prosecutors recommended that hicks be charged with attempted murder and providing support for terrorism .
in its latest effort to rev up the stagnant economy , the government yesterday decided to offer percent to percent tax cuts to startup businesses hiring five or more employees .
in the oaxacan community , such an agreement is normal and honorable , he said .
the cabinet passed a set of regulations to reduce government press rooms yesterday despite fierce opposition from journalists and politicians concerned about the possible restriction of news coverage .
the controversy over wolfowitz s authorization of a hefty raise for his companion , middle east expert shaha riza , deepened rifts among bank staff already discontented over his anti corruption agenda and prompted sharp criticism from shareholder countries .
http edition . cnn . com world meast iraq . execution index . html the u . s . military is calling on all iraqi leaders , sunni and shiite , to condemn the recent kidnapping and killing of iraqi police officers in retaliation for the alleged rape of a sunni woman .
a team from the monash university medical school in melbourne , victoria , have identified and grown stem cells to regenerate the thymus
at times the visit has been almost a case of the president came too .
cnn a former employee at oprah winfrey s school for girls in south africa has been arrested as part of an abuse probe , police said friday .
postal evidence of the holocaust and the devastation of europe .
the portuguese center back headed home wayne bridge s free kick for his first goal this season after chelsea went into the game without injured top scorer frank lampard .
public amputations of fingers , hands and sometimes feet are performed in iran , the saudi kingdom and by the ruling taliban in afghanistan .
the ap s don babwin reports the chopper may have had a wire .
los angeles , california cnn is the white stuff in the martian soil ice or salt ?
some people were believed to be trapped in their vehicles and rescue efforts were hampered by the snow , police said .
singapore the new majestic
the u . s . federal reserve cut a key interest rate by half a percentage point to percent wednesday in an effort to spur economic activity .
south korea s constitutional court on thursday ruled two anti communist clauses of the national security law are constitutional , in a decision that may further fuel a controversy over the vaguely worded sections .
six cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads were mounted on the bomber s wings before it was flown to louisiana .
nanoparticles are also being examined for use as sensors to monitor air or drinking water for the presence of toxins .
minoru morimoto , of the institute of cetacean research icr , admitted the pair had been detained but denied they had been assaulted or harmed .
comments such as that s great or i do the same thing that encourage them to actually try out the behaviors , he said . apart from that , teens who claim such behaviors are more likely to be victims of bullying and unwanted invitations for sex , he said .
he did not attend the summit s opening session on sunday and believes the decision over unity must be made by africa s masses and not leaders closeted in a conference hall .
roh s trip to washington comes at a sensitive time in the u . s .
we expect to have good driving , said john callas , the rover project manager at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california .
to do it in this manner is ridiculous , said sorgen , who drove miles from fort wayne , indiana , for a family vacation . they can just pay us for driving down here and driving back .
two senior ba executives quit last october after being linked to the investigation and in may ba set aside pound
the deputy leader of a rebel mosque in the pakistani capital , islamabad , has said he and hundreds of his militant followers are ready to surrender .
the drop has affected shipping , fishery and water supply in the region .
sunnyvale , california cnn yahoo inc . is facing seven shareholder lawsuits alleging the slumping internet pioneer bungled its response to microsoft s unsolicited takeover bid .
ronald hope says the tradition of referring to sailing vessels as she dates back to the days of ancient greece .
if e . t . comes back , we d like it to be here in nevada .
cnn vote counting has begun across the u . s . on one of the key dates in the race to become the next u . s . president with projected wins for each of the major runners .
national oil company saudi aramco said the fire broke out just after midnight while contract workers were linking a new pipe to the line during maintenance work .
mirren was seen as the closest thing to a lock this year .
gaza city cnn the palestinian president warned of possible collapse in gaza as hamas launched new attacks on palestinian authority security forces in the south wednesday after declaring northern gaza a closed military area .
megan templeton , of barboursville , was taken to the hospital as a precaution but later released .
the hwasong prison camp located deep inside a mountain and encircled by high wire fences holds about , prisoners , daily nk said .
but today , what north carolina decided is that the only game that needs changing is the one in washington , obama told supporters in raleigh , north carolina .
thousands heard the pope , in white and gold robes , speak inside the basilica at st . peter s
today , i decided to step down as chairman of the group , the grim faced lee said in a nationally televised press conference at the samsung head office in seoul .
the government also plans legislation to improve working conditions for its temporary work force within this year , which will affect one third of korea s salaried workers .
his property was included in an apartment development plan in , and he expected to receive around million won .
chung was in charge of raising the slush fund and also illegally tried to transfer management control to his son . . chung admitted a role in raising the fund , prosecution sources said .
as the internet has made it easier to access adult content , prosecutors are increasingly concerned over its legality .
one survivor was saved by the coast guard .
the new suit creates the same kind of pressurized environment , simply by wrapping layers of specially patterned nylon and spandex fabric tightly around the body , a method that newman s been working on for seven years .
the journalists and flight crew were subsequently released .
new danish research shows that large parts of greenland were once covered by forest .
former soviet president gorbachev said monday i express my deep condolences to the family of the departed . he did a lot for this country , even though he committed serious errors . a tragic fate .
the girls , aged at the time of the murder , strangled eliza jane davis then buried her under a house .
if there is no breakthrough in negotiations , the labor protest will continue indefinitely , union members said .
kim and his son both deny the allegations .
but we are also not giving up the opportunity and the obligation to act together to ensure a better future for our peoples , the region and the whole world .
layoffs begin this week .
however , menu foods spokeswoman sarah tuite told cnn that a total of pet deaths one dog and cats were connected to the recalled food .
earlier , both the airports runways were temporarily shut down briefly as workers removed ice from the tarmac .
according to the national statistical office nso , which surveyed members of about , households across the nation , . percent said they belong to the middle class in social and economic terms , when considering income , profession , education and assets .
the dutch have one more warm up against wales in rotterdam on sunday before starting their euro campaign against world champions italy on june , with france and romania as their other opponents in group c .
north korea shut down its sole working reactor at yongbyon on saturday .
dozens of workers in yellow helmets rushed about the wreckage , some carrying stretchers with bloody victims .
a companion book , the jesus family tomb , has rocketed to sixth place on the new york times nonfiction best seller list .
public hearings held by the panel investigating the september th attacks concluded yesterday .
senior farc rebel commander timoleon jimenez on sunday confirmed marulanda s death and said alfonso cano , a longtime ideologue for the group , has replaced him .
ruth grew up there and spent three high school years in what s now north korea .
the korea times reports the kma has maintained a ban on drinking , smoking and dating , even marriage , among its cadets .
he and five colleagues had been arrested on september , the first day of the crackdown .
we passed this information to the national security advisor and to the president of afghanistan .
world tour , and spiderman
but bush says at least now , barack obama won t face a major catastrophe as he assumes office .
in a statement sent thursday to the south , a north korean general threatened the country would take unspecified countermeasures against its neighbor , yonhap news agency reported , without citing any source .
the low lying irrawaddy delta , known as the country s rice bowl because it produces up to percent of its staple crop , bore the brunt of the may storm .
wonder appreciated it so much he inducted stubbs and the other tops into the rock and roll hall of fame .
about the size of a cell phone , it can beam photos and videos straight from the card , or whatever else you might want to blow up or share directly from your media player , mobile phone , camcorder or game console
prosecution witness andrew bellwood had testified that pickton told him how he strangled his alleged victims and fed their remains to his pigs .
another somali journalist , yasmin mayow , said from today i am afraid to go to work as journalist and i can see now the target is local journalists being threatened and killed , according to a translation provided by reuters .
just meters yards from the north s soldiers in panmunjom , a military village that straddles the border , the south s soldiers stand in taekwondo poses , ready to fight legs apart , arms bent and fists clenched .
just two weeks before the holiday , there are few signs of christmas in the town where tradition holds jesus was born .
an australian journalist has refused to apologize to the japanese government over his book on the life of crown princess masako , which tokyo says insults the royal family and contains factual errors .
ingram said he was satisfied that a conviction would land someone on
the film has been termed archeo porn , and jacobovici has been accused of pimping the bible .
the o clock rush hour is her peak business time .
the remains of the dead german are as of this evening in kabul , foreign ministry spokesman martin jaeger said in a statement . after an initial visual examination by german authorities , it was noticed that the body had gunshot wounds .
kosovo is an intriguing place and full of paradoxes and surprises for any first time visitor , says verena knaus , co author with gail warrander of the newly released bradt guide to kosovo .
wang kexiong , of the institute of hydrobiology of the chinese academy of sciences , said experts at the institute had confirmed the footage was of a baiji .
as china began three days of national mourning monday to honor the tens of thousands killed by last week s massive earthquake .
they orbit the stars virginis , in the constellation virgo , and ursae majoris , in the big dipper .
local tv footage showed the man swimming around the moat as the police chased him with a long stick , attracting a crowd of onlookers .
tom casey , deputy state department spokesman , said the pilot recognized his error and contacted a venezuela tower to acknowledge that .
this seattle area woman got stranded in a flooded road .
that apparently refers to the former president s sexual relationship with white house intern monica lewinsky .
when houston moved to orange county to undergo drug rehabilitation , brown said he paid about , for his wife and daughter to stay at a posh hotel .
as with any industry , television is attempting to give its customers what they want , said tim brooks , co author of the complete directory to prime time network and cable shows and an executive who s worked for several networks .
americans will stand strong in support of freedom of religious and political expression and human rights , clinton said . americans will also stand strong and root for the success of american athletes who have worked hard and earned the right to compete in the olympic games of .
a korean air cargo plane will fly into the north korean capital of pyongyang on friday with about , worth of blankets , noodles , drinks and medicine .
unite , which represents more than million workers in britain s transportation , energy and public sectors , among others , is set to join united steelworkers , which has some , members in the united states , canada and the caribbean .
finally she thought to track down rhoades and sent her a long shot e mail , which rhoades returned as soon as she got back from vacation .
the turkish military , and especially the air force , is heavily dependent on the american defense industry , experts say .
the great wall ? i think a lot of people died building that wall .
the financial crisis also appears to be contributing to obama s increased lead in the poll .
blair said power sharing offered a chance for northern ireland to escape those heavy chains of history that had left it pockmarked by conflict , hardship and hatred .
i m very proud to have competed against her , obama told the israel lobbying group .
the province of kangwon suffered the highest toll , with confirmed deaths , the international federation of the red cross s terje lysholm said .
because of the delay , during which police said tuck allegedly showed the tape to others , he faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography .
it s because of his character and vision , and the high road he has taken during this campaign . he has the integrity and the inspiration to unify us , as did fdr and harry truman and john f . kennedy and even ronald reagan when they ran for the job .
the second hurricane of the atlantic season is churning through the caribbean sea , the miami , florida based forecast center said .
i have been working as a clown for years .
you do need to do some homework first , but it s worth it , unless you re just staying in the foreign country for a few days .
earlier this month , a foreign ministry spokeswoman told the state news agency that some groups were trying to politicize the games to slur china s image and to put pressure on the chinese government .
at the time , premier wen jiabao called the reported hacking a matter of grave concern and said china would take firm and effective action to prevent such crimes .
. focusing on yourself and not on the company in the cover letter
the svalbard global seed vault , as it is officially known , can hold as many as . million seed samples and will eventually house almost every variety of most important food crops in the world , according to the global crop diversity trust , which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds .
a palin associate , however , said the candidate is simply trying to bust free of what she believes was a damaging and mismanaged roll out .
unlike a nuclear weapon , the bomb doesn t hurt the environment , he added .
milan , italy cnn a stuntman was seriously injured in a car crash while filming an action sequence for the new james bond movie on a famously winding lakeside road in northern italy , a local official said thursday .
she was on probation for that offense when she was charged with driving under the influence in .
since the announcement of our capital purchase program , we have seen numerous signs of improvement in our markets , and in the confidence of our financial institutions .
changes are required in the four agreements because of the bipartisan deal announced late thursday by democratic house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi , ustr susan schwab , u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson and other senior democratic and republican lawmakers .
still , hundreds of people lined the river banks to watch the progress thursday morning .
around is used for agriculture , while the remaining comprises forests , reserves and other non built up areas .
it was believed to be the first time an american president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at andrews .
it came at a venue that at times had been dominated by his more bombastic predecessor , donald h . rumsfeld .
first u . s . face transplant to be made public
dozens of other such projects are already or soon will be under way .
when police arrived , saimon had surrounded himself with to hostages in the sanctuary and he was holding a female hostage at gunpoint , the chief said .
the u . s . attorney s office in jackson , tennessee , said daniel cowart , , and paul schlesselman , , were self described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend .
his work reflects ecological concerns , rebellion against the intolerance of western nationalist thought , and his fascination with native americans , according to the magazine .
raul has in effect been president since fidel had major surgery in july .
the taj mahal hotel in mumbai , india , had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before a hour rampage began wednesday , leaving at least people dead , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said saturday .
a golden mask found on the mummy of psusennes i presides over the gold gallery .
even though this is a really hard time , i have my family , my friends and my fans to support me , and that s really helpful .
a major advance in understanding the genetics behind several of the world s most common diseases has been reported .
data showing china s economy grew by . percent from a year earlier in the first quarter and inflation rose to . percent in march stoked fears that interest rates will have to rise to cool the booming economy .
the u . s . state department said the macanese monetary authority issued a statement saying the money in the frozen north korean banco delta asia accounts has been unblocked , and can be withdrawn by the authorized account holders .
throughout these campaigns you ll also step into the metal bodies of optimus prime , starscream , megatron , jazz , ironhide and others .
a crowd had gathered to watch the arrival of the instrument which was to form the centerpiece of this year s festival , but was stunned to see it tumble from the removal van .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
dvd units will play only movies at first
everything from parasites to pollution has been blamed for the deaths of the gharials massive reptiles that look like their crocodile relatives , but with long slender snouts .
several airline companies that use the centrally located tempelhof airport tried to block the closure .
russia opposes nato membership for ukraine and georgia , concerned that the alliance s eastward march will erode its influence in those countries .
gallas has consequently pulled out of the france squad for wednesday s friendly against slovakia .
had he not been moving , we would not have seen him , because the tree line was very dense and he came climbing out of the culvert , helicopter pilot steve ward told cnn on thursday . we were just very lucky .
iran remains the country with the second highest number of executions , with killings that included a man stoned for adultery , the human rights group said .
girls typically stop growing about three years after they ve had their first period , but boys continue to grow throughout their teens .
lilly ann sanchez , howard k . stern s attorney , read a statement from her client monday afternoon and called the death a tragic accident .
given its rapidly growing thirst for oil , combined with its feeling of isolation from world oil markets , china is sometimes viewed as more cavalier than western oil firms when it comes to putting capital and people at risk .
that s when they made their discovery still , the kushiro zoo plans to keep tsuyoshi because he has become immensely popular with visitors .
there were reports earlier in the day that she would concede , but her campaign said she was absolutely not prepared to do so .
nearly billion won worth of property damage was reported as of a . m . on sunday , according to the national disaster prevention and countermeasures headquarters .
in the past two years , she has found hundreds more , she said , leading her to amend an earlier conclusion that egyptologists have found only the tip of the iceberg .
he was sentenced earlier friday to the time he had served and a reduction in rank to private .
the film and book suggest that a first century ossuary found in a south jerusalem cave in contained the remains of jesus , contradicting the christian belief that he was resurrected and ascended to heaven .
rawalpindi , pakistan cnn pakistan s former prime minister benazir bhutto was assassinated thursday after addressing a large gathering of her supporters .
enraged by the killing , hundreds of fans rioted in rome , attacking a police station .
superdelegates made up of governors , senators , house members and various other party officials or members are also known as unpledged delegates .
reuters reports the win for obama , who would be the first black u . s . president , extended his lead over clinton in pledged delegates to the august nominating convention .
the announcement by taiwan s president chen shui bian , that he will give up some of his powers , is an attempt to try to quell mounting pressure on him to take responsibility for a series of corruption scandals surrounding his administration and family .
it is her third trip to the country .
arif nizami , editor of the pakistani daily , the nation , said kiyani is generally regarded as in the same mold as general musharraf .
authorities said saturday they were following , tips about a white ford f pickup that may be a lead in determining who set the sprawling santiago fire in orange county .
an airbus representative said that saturday s incident would not affect the profile of the plane in asia .
one iranian was sentenced to a year in prison here for violations of korea s financial transfer laws .
the new summit comes seven years after the first one , when kim met then south korean president kim dae jung .
thanks to george bush s policy , iran is the greatest threat to the united states and israel and the middle east for a generation . john mccain wants to double down on that failed policy .
security forces are said to be using video recordings of the demonstrations to compile lists of activists for arrest .
representative park young sun of the undp , a confidant of the party s presidential candidate chung dong young , beefed up the attack on lee , claiming that lee laundered money through an offshore fund called maf .
the innocence project , a new york based group , had persuaded prosecutors last year to conduct dna tests on a semen sample taken from the rape victim s clothes . those results excluded miller as the attacker .
this time of the year , the sun begins to set at p . m . in kabul . but banafsha continues to roam the dark streets .
then george realized he wasn t looking at the stomach of the blacktip reef shark , but at her uterus .
the bank of korea yesterday slashed its growth forecast for the second half citing persistent household debt and lofty oil prices which slammed the consumer confidence index to an eight month low .
farmers elsewhere in france blocked ports and oil terminals as part of protests started by fishermen last month demanding government aid to help compensate for high fuel costs .
the attack occurred near a british base in helmand province , in southern afghanistan , about a . m . sunday a . m . et .
the professor said he didn t know if he could come back .
six delegations held a series of bilateral meetings on monday to check whether their concerns are reflected in the second draft statement of principles , which china presented over night .
british newspapers have also said that the alleged blackmailers claimed to have tape of a royal aide snorting cocaine supplied by a member of the royal family .
terms of the deal were not disclosed .
six party talks on north korea s nuclear program will resume on september , according to host china .
every time i d go to her house , she d be playing enka music in the background , he said . whenever i d sing it for her , she d be really , really excited and happy .
one of the most enduring images of his presidency is bush standing atop a pile of rubble in new york with a bullhorn in his hand .
the six nation discussions on north korea s nuclear program may resume on september , according to the chinese envoy and co ordinator for the talks .
the merger involves an exchange ratio of . new ordinary shares of unicredit for each ordinary share of capitalia , the banks said .
a commercial airliner arriving from jakarta burst into flames wednesday upon landing at yogyakarta airport in central java , an official there told cnn .
two gop sources with direct knowledge of giuliani s plans said he will drop out of the race and endorse mccain at an event in california on wednesday .
the skin tones of leonardo s model appear as a warm pink and the sky behind her is a glowing blue , far different from the gray green tint that covers the artwork today .
regulators are acting in the wake of an incident in which a pornographic user posted video clip found its way on to yahoo !
coming out , lookin for any hot spots
the walls of the echo chamber can sometimes keep out fresh voices and new ways of thinking .
qari yousef ahmadi , calling himself a taliban spokesman , told the associated press that militants had shot the helicopter down .
more dreams will be deferred and denied .
he s ahead for now , but only a few thousand votes separate alaska s senator ted stevens from his democratic challenger mark begich , a final tally in alaska still days away .
while denying the immediacy , the official left open the possibility that washington might take steps to add more pressure on the isolated north , which he said should be understood as an extension of the july u . n .
clinton stands at percent , with obama percentage point behind , well within the poll s margin of error of plus or minus percentage points .
kasparov told cnn his arrest came after protesters delivered a written resolution demanding fair elections to the russian central electorate commission .
his friend and mentor marlon brando taught depp to keep his private life private .
startup weekends have been held across the u . s . and in a few cities in canada and europe .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has announced he is resigning after less than a year in office .
but a few months before manjhi was born , the couple divorced .
two other students recovering from gunshot wounds at the hospital also were listed in good condition .
hulk hogan , whose real name is terry bollea , told the st . petersburg times that he had no idea his wife had filed for divorce .
but university of maryland economist peter morici says we re far from out of the woods , insisting the fed dropping interest rates to all time lows yesterday will not end the recession
ledger s publicist said funeral arrangements would continue to be kept private at the family s request .
kyodo reported that no regulations under japan s public offices election law prohibit a candidate under house arrest overseas from running in an election in japan .
cnn talks between u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari and myanmar s secretive military leader were stalled for another day on monday .
but , with the single exception of singapore , compliance and enforcement do not necessarily follow , as governments struggle to balance the protection of the environment with the economic imperatives of development .
ma denied the charges in a televised speech and announced that he would run for president next year .
zimbabwe s opposition leader says his party came close to an agreement with the ruling zanu pf to remove president robert mugabe from power .
obama s campaign says it s collected a record million in donations in september .
the envisioned policy is the outcome of several months of research , party officials said .
a friend recommended her driver , shahabudin sultani , a soft spoken bamiyan native dressed impeccably in a traditional cream afghan tunic and trousers .
three days later , stallone threw four vials of testosterone from his sydney hotel room when customs officials arrived to search it , prosecutors said .
a lot of people , when they hear tut , they think of gold , they think of the mummy , and they think of the discovery all of which is important .
earlier this year , pyongyang agreed to disable its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile , acknowledge concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity , and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities are taking place .
his absence from numerous events that he would normally attend has raised questions about his health .
male brain female brain
the lord of the rings , a fantasy film that was one of the top box office hits of , fulfilled a different kind of fantasy when it was nominated for academy awards , including a nod for best picture .
the south koreans members of a church group in afghanistan to perform volunteer medical aid were kidnapped days ago from their bus in ghazni province .
but las vegas police lt . clint nichols said interviews and searches including the seizure of two guns during the investigation contradict simpson s account .
treasury bond prices also rose , pushing down long term interest rates , in part because the purchasing managers index showed that commodity prices fell in june , reflecting an outlook for continued low inflation .
a withdrawal of , troops would bring the number of american troops to about , .
protesters clashed with riot police and , people marched on parliament in greece as a year old boy killed by police was buried tuesday .
some news reports suggested okuno , who owned a sushi restaurant , was killed as punishment for failing to carry out religious rites .
let me be clear this is a very , very important hearing , said sen . chuck schumer of new york . it s make or break for the attorney general . alberto gonzales is the central figure in this investigation .
the billion bill would fund the wars in iraq and afghanistan but order bush to begin bringing some troops home right away , with the goal of ending combat missions by march , .
but while the health adjusted life expectancy in sierra leone is under years of age , tajikistan s is almost
in an effort to increase energy efficiency , much of the heat in the intelligent workplace comes from solar thermal energy and recaptured heat from generators .
the former vice president turned nobel prize winner playfully said he recalled one republican nominee wondering out loud whether his democratic rival for president was naive and inexperienced .
that recommendation comes from a drug company trade group .
at least are said to be women .
at least people were killed and thousands detained after an uprising led by buddhist monks last month .
it is one of the revolutionary steps in sexual health , said dr . ira sharlip , spokesman for the american urological association . it ranks with the changes in cultural attitudes about sexuality that were started by sigmund freud , continued by william masters and virginia johnson , the two researchers in the s , and the work that alfred kinsey did in the s .
a top u . s . general said sunday that american forces had no technology capable of detecting all suicide bombers before they strike .
during his two months in power , cuban president raul castro has implemented a series of changes affecting life in cuba in a variety of ways .
they even created a virtual tropical island home for themselves in second life .
i m not a big believer in our copyright laws , i find them way too restrictive .
the united states has accused iran of supporting some insurgent groups in iraq , including supplying efps , the deadliest and most sophisticated type of roadside bomb .
and on wall street at this hour , the dow is now up by about points .
german chancellor angela merkel
also on wednesday , afghan police and coalition troops battled taliban militants in southern afghanistan and killed more than two dozen of the insurgents , the u . s . led coalition said .
he planned to write a couple of books about his time on stage and in hollywood .
some itunes customers question whether now is a good time to raise prices , with the current state of the economy .
a gossip web site reported that winehouse had said her injuries were self inflicted .
the prime minister and his wife , bun rany , have three sons and two other daughters .
steegmans , a former team mate of australian first stage winner robbie mcewen recruited by quick step to lead out boonen in the sprints , pipped his team leader in the final meters .
he testified before committees in both houses of congress , but senators later said he lied under oath .
it remains unclear who shot the video and who posted it on youtube , but the person who posted it removed it from the web site wednesday .
hypo was the first german blue chip to seek a government rescue .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s parliament convened monday and within minutes , it was apparent that the session in the coming days will devolve into a showdown between the newly elected lawmakers and beleaguered president pervez musharraf .
three years after his crusades epic kingdom of heaven , director ridley scott returns to the shifting sands of the middle east with body of lies .
we expect to hear more when president barack obama talks about the auto industry at noon , eastern time .
never before in the year history of the special olympics has there been such an extravagant , star studded opening ceremony .
the soldiers release comes a day before turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan meets with u . s . president george w . bush in washington .
the workers are thought to be more than . miles kilometers underground at harmony gold s elandsrand mine in carletonville , according to lesiba seshoka , a spokesman for south africa s national union of mineworkers .
some million voters eligible to cast ballots in the provincial elections , which drew , candidates for positions .
the total economic impact of the wars in iraq and afghanistan is estimated at . trillion by , a congressional committee said in a report released tuesday .
ruud van nistelrooy added real s second after minutes when raul headed on a long ball forward and the dutch striker scored with a clever chip .
the traffic stop came a day after brown was arrested on suspicion of assaulting a neighbor in new york city s brooklyn borough .
the bush white house is opposed to reviving the military draft , despite a stretched all volunteer force in iraq and afghanistan .
officials are still trying to determine the names and nationalities of those who died .
the minimums at those large theaters currently range from to .
he added , we are doing everything we can in order to seriously negotiate and reach a peace that would be satisfactory to both the palestinian side and the israeli side , a peace that would be promoted throughout the world .
talk to the person who has the power to bargain with you .
the government will also guarantee the lending that banks make to each other , the treasury said .
tensions have risen and violence has broken out in the southern african nation after opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai declared victory over incumbent president robert mugabe a few days after the voting , based , the opposition said , on results posted outside polling stations .
don t get your hopes up , gossip hounds . daniel radcliffe , who turns later this month , isn t planning any trips to rehab or jail .
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas called on tuesday for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state , marking out a change of strategy for peace with israel after yasser arafat s death .
the only americans at the embassy during the violence were marines , who are all said to be accounted for .
a number of socialites will be dusting off their ball gowns and polishing their pradas now that william is back on the market , ladbrokes spokesman nick weinberg said .
the number of coalition military deaths in the war in iraq has reached , .
conservative politicians periodically rile japan s neighbors by defending the country s record of aggression during the decades leading up to world war ii . in , then justice minister shigeto nagano had to resign after calling the rape of nanking a fabrication .
the united states has not misled allies or anyone else about the matter .
attorney general john ashcroft and fbi director robert mueller are warning that al qaeda is preparing for a major attack in the coming months against the u . s .
sources said the chief negotiators will also reaffirm that u . n . resolution on north korea s nuclear test must be fully executed separately from the six party talks .
it seriously violates the norm of international relations and seriously wounded the feelings of the chinese people and interfered with china s internal affairs .
kim s captors had said they would kill kim unless south korea withdrew its troops and halted plans to send more .
while january saw a surge in canadian visitors , arrivals from japan dropped by . percent .
donald parfitt , , was arrested after the sun newspaper told police it received a call from a shifty sounding man offering three chapters of the book for , pounds us , .
the chinese torch team scaled the summit on may from the northern tibetan side of everest and nepal lifted the ban a day later .
un secretary general ban ki moon has called on both chinese forces and demonstrators in tibet to show restraint after days of rioting .
actor robert prosky who played the second role call sergeant on hill street blues , has died from complications of a heart procedure in washington , d . c .
they agreed there had been progress , with roh characterizing it as positive and meaningful .
wei took out his cell phone and began taking pictures .
some analysts have forecast pricing dropping as low as , and i don t think that s that likely in the short term , unless we really go into an extended global recession .
the men aged and appeared behind closed doors at the city of westminster magistrates court in london last month each charged with one count of blackmail .
i use it for research for minutes , then i spend two hours chatting .
what is the action the government has taken ?
it s come roaring back since an all time low in the s , largely due to waning immunity in adults who received shots in early childhood .
on saturday , the military had dug up a grave after seeing footage from an unmanned aerial vehicle showing people burying a body .
the ruling is expected to serve as the guideline for lower courts in dealing with around other similar cases of conscientious objectors .
the contract had been renewed every six months since july , .
dozens more are threatening to leave , police officials told ap .
about one in two american adults has borderline or high cholesterol levels , which increase one s risk of heart attack and cardiovascular disease .
members of the oil producing nations will be meeting later this month .
crude futures have risen on concerns about unstable supply , firm global demand and a weakening u . s . dollar .
under the project , selected schools will provide various programs , including exercise and dietary advice .
officials are investigating the cause of the fire , smith said .
a new cnn poll of polls in indiana suggests mccain holds a point lead over obama in a state that hasn t voted democrat in a presidential election since .
year old u . s . skier toby dawson , a korea born adoptee , was reunited with his biological father in seoul after years of separation .
at a casa de tabaco , or drying house , leaves that have grown to maturity are sewn together in pairs on a cuje , a four foot long straight pole , and fermented .
his body was brought to parliament to lie in state , and a funeral is scheduled for thursday .
his collection has grown into a diverse and elegant range of sculptures including bivouacs , kiosks , villages and pavilions .
the year old pakistani opposition leader was killed thursday in a gun and suicide bomb attack after a rally in the city of rawalpindi .
strong winds have been reported in the area , making the battle even harder .
she spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic in january .
he is believed to have held on to a large portion of his career earnings , but , by contrast , tyson has suffered well publicized financial problems .
six party talks on north korea s nuclear programs are likely to resume some time next week , officials from south korea and the united states said yesterday .
family members said the smiths had been married for eight years , and had both been in the military most of that time .
the fisherman pulled it from waters near bunaken national marine park , which has some of the highest levels of marine biodiversity in the world and is a popular diving spot for tourists , marine biologist lucky lumingas said .
bush had previously offered to reactivate a bold approach to north korea , once it ends the twin nuclear programs which the united states said sparked the crisis .
supreme leader kim jong il smiled and applauded as thousands of goose stepping troops filed through the capital , pyongyang s , main square .
bad winter weather forced both democrats to cancel campaign stops in wisconsin on sunday .
the government wants to form an international research group to further that goal , park ky young , a presidential adviser for science and technology , said yesterday .
supporters of thailand s now outlawed thai rak thai party have held protests in the capital bangkok but the rally was smaller than expected .
that s about right for complex organic molecules to form similar to those that presumably led to life on earth .
lucinda roy said tuesday that police had asked her not to discuss details of the virginia tech shooter s writings because of the ongoing investigation , but she said the anger he expressed was palpable .
however , last month she left nepal for the united states and other countries to promote a british documentary about the living goddesses of the katmandu
reactors at the plant automatically shut down during the magnitude . quake .
the year old is now being questioned by police investigators and may face disciplinary action before being sent back to duty .
madonna , the beastie boys and black eyed peas will headline the concert at wembley stadium in london .
people go for life changing experiences .
in addition to the february attack that collapsed the mosque s dome , another bombing in june destroyed the shrine s two remaining minarets .
shiite inspired violence has spread across the southern half of iraq in the last few days , and nasiriyah has seen some of the heaviest fighting .
i m going to take advantage of this card .
they hastily retreated after locals told them of their error .
there will be no crisis on the peninsula on october .
the challenger explosion led to a year moratorium on launches , and saturday s accident could bring construction of the international space station to a standstill .
three of the television networks released their numbers , giving fernandez between and percent of the vote , with advantages of between and percentage points over carrio .
an autopsy showed that he died after hanging himself , according to a tokyo metropolitan police official who spoke on customary condition of anonymity .
all rights reserved .
the ongoing operation was confirmed to cnn by two military officials familiar with the details .
hoi an mayor le van giang said about houses in his city , a unesco world heritage site , were flooded in about three feet one metre of water .
i don t know what to say . all i can say is congratulations to the mothers of the martyrs , he said , paying tribute to victims of his country s sectarian strife .
five people are being held , but police are thought to be hunting a suspect .
we will confront weapons of mass destruction , so that a new century is spared new horrors .
in that sense , i had myself useful discussions with brian barwick and trevor brooking where we exchanged ideas to evaluate the entire situation about the england squad and set the goals in case of real invitation being addressed to me .
fellow passenger jim nestor tells nbc s today show the woman and her husband stood out of the crowd
britain on wednesday announced an . billion rescue package for its troubled banking sector .
at one point during that period hawkins also filed a report with police alleging he was molested by a roommate at one of the facilities .
senate minority leader mitch mcconnell said he is setting a deadline of may to reach an agreement .
yonhap news reports south korea s longest serving ambassador to china will return home later tuesday to face a parliamentary confirmation hearing on his nomination as seoul s point man on north korea , the foreign ministry said .
he also runs a popular nightspot in port harcourt .
they say tens of thousands of such machines , known as domain name servers , need to be updated .
the first pick in the nba draft this year could well be a foot chinese player , yao ming .
while the united kingdom is maintaining a robust force in southern iraq , we re pleased that conditions in basra have improved sufficiently that they are able to transition more control to the iraqis , johndroe said in a statement issued tuesday evening . the united states shares the same goal of turning responsibility over to the iraqi security forces and reducing the number of american troops in iraq .
but they re pervasive , he said . and he doesn t have the flexibility of a real military dictator .
about , people attended the relay s start in independence square , according to witness estimates .
but officials are looking for an alternative site amid fears the bridge may be damaged .
the border collie is just weeks old and was dumped by its owners .
one western official close to the case told cnn that iraqi courts have not addressed whether the absence of a signature constitutes a de facto pardon or a stay of execution .
the decision monday to order pintongta and phantongtae shinawatra to pay the taxes was in connection with the january sale of shin corp . to singapore s government investment arm , temasek holdings , for . billion baht . billion .
relatives waiting at nairobi s airport were distraught as news reports about the missing plane came in .
the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice .
we want the north to come to the dialogue table with a more sincere attitude .
yangon , myanmar cnn the united nations human rights council is pushing for a fact finding mission to myanmar as video smuggled out of the secretive country shows unarmed protesters being beaten by the military regime s security forces .
new orleans registered homicides last year , a nearly percent increase from the recorded in .
and viagra is an attractive alternative because of its low price and availability .
it isn t even rich against poor .
jeong of kobaco , the organization that controls all broadcast advertising in the country , waited until yesterday to step down from the post he has held since may .
gordon brown vowed to change britain to meet new priorities as he took over leadership of the labour party from tony blair on sunday , days before he becomes prime minister .
cnn from butterflies to grizzly bears , we know where the wild things are .
from to , zoellick served at the department of the treasury in various positions .
it s just an endless flow of bad news and no one wants to buy , said dave rovelli , managing director of u . s . equity trading at canaccord adams .
people who were forced to comply with smoke free rules in public may have adopted a smoke free environment at home and thus reduced the exposure to secondhand smoke even more .
european shares suffered most , with the uk s ftse index ending down . .
every child must be taught these principles .
the transcripts susceptible to hacking are civil registration documents that can be applied for and issued online from the government internet registry offices .
riot police surrounded the prosecutor s offices , preventing his eviction .
a separate time capsule buried with the car was opened , and organizers removed and unfolded an unfaded american flag . other historical documents , aerial maps of the city and postcards were in good condition .
the congolese government and rebels agreed to allow the survey team into the gorilla section of virunga national park , which rebel fighters loyal to laurent nkunda have controlled since september .
earlier , celebrating mass under blue skies in center field at washington s new ballpark , the pope gave a minute homily that focused on hope , repentance , unity and reconciliation among the million catholics in the united states .
residents cast votes tuesday in maryland , virginia and the district of columbia .
investigators don t think tuck made the tape , boruchowitz said , according to ap .
he then skipped the hamburg masters but had been expected to play this week at the world team cup in duesseldorf .
kennedy , the daughter of president john f . kennedy , formally endorsed obama late january in a new york times op ed piece titled , a president like my father .
however , the home side had goalkeeper nicolas douchez sent off just after the break and coach elie baup was then banished from the touchline minutes from time .
the legal announcement has led to a slew of political and cultural dignitaries declaring their support for the former seoul mayor .
it will be something no one else has done before .
from a remote valley in northern california , jill tarter is listening to the universe .
a suicide bombing in afghanistan that killed at least people and a pipeline attack in yemen also helped push prices higher .
ski season runs from november through june , with the spring months usually spent on higher blackcomb mountain , elevation , feet whistler mountain tops out at , feet .
the two leaders also stressed that each country should sincerely implement the nuclear deal , according to the statement .
skiers saved from dangling gondolas after tower snaps
democrat hillary clinton and republican mike huckabee hold narrow leads on their top rivals two days before the state opens the presidential nominating race , according to a reuters c span zogby poll released on tuesday .
macau s casinos which raked in . billion in gambling revenue last year , while the las vegas strip made . billion are scattered across the territory .
but british critic william feaver was relieved that leibovitz , who famously photographed hollywood actresses whoopi goldberg in a bath of milk and demi moore naked and heavily pregnant , had opted for tradition .
the peaceful gathering is part of the right to peaceful assembly and the iraqi people to voice their views , boylan said
brampton , ontario cnn aqsa parvez would leave home each morning wearing track pants and a muslim head scarf .
leaders of european nations that use the euro have come up with a tentative plan to help unfreeze the credit market .
slim , the son of a lebanese immigrant , owns latin america s largest cell phone company , america movil .
but those qualities don t come cheap .
bush noted that speculation last spring that the taliban would launch an offensive against karzai s government was countered by a u . s . , nato and afghan offensive .
all designed to stop palestinian militants from firing rockets at israel .
klm , now part of air france , said it had never found any proof in its own archives about flying nazis to argentina but had also never denied a possible involvement .
the iaea meets to discuss whether iran should be referred to the un security council for sanctions .
in a non compete , the seller agrees in exchange for a payment not to compete in the buyer s market .
under the deal approved tuesday , odinga will fill a newly created post of prime minister .
at feet inch he is also the shortest of amin s sons .
anton winkler , from the munich state prosecutor s office , confirmed that an investigation has been opened and that a man called helg scarbi was arrested in january and is in custody in munich .
one that s too floral will be off putting to a man .
most of those taking the crowded wooden boats are african , but undocumented bangladeshis , pakistanis and other asians also have been intercepted .
andreas markou , head of the hospital s pediatric department , said the embryo was a formed fetus with a head , hair and eyes , but no brain or umbilical cord .
wall street , the dow industrial s up points , nasdaq ahead .
obama maintains a slight lead over clinton among pledged delegates , which are awarded based on vote totals though neither will be mathematically able to earn enough support in that category to capture the nomination prior to the party convention in late august .
zapeta admits he never paid taxes .
taking the olympic torch to the top of the mountain , seen by some as a way for beijing to underscore its claims to tibet , is expected to be one of the relay s highlights .
that sparked the ire of truck drivers , who conducted similar demonstrations , further hamstringing traffic , which blocked delivery of food to supermarkets resulting in spot food shortages .
fargo , north dakota getting ready for record flooding .
it was the first confirmed fatal shooting by australian troops .
advocates for those suffering from a host of diseases including diabetes , parkinson s disease and spinal cord injuries
police arrested another woman , a year old identified as ahn , who has been running a similar internet site with her husband since july and had earned more than million won .
both sides seem to be looking for a less hostile relationship , and as the u . s . nuclear negotiator says , they don t like our words maybe they ll like our music .
severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio like paralysis and death .
britt beemer with america s research group after the commerce department said retail sales fell by . last month .
the mount vernon school board passed a resolution to terminate the employment of john freshwater , an eighth grade science teacher for the past years .
the president made a clear statement of his support for ending the korean war once and for all , and both leaders agreed on that .
like all chairmen of the ppp , i will stand as the symbol of the federation . the party s long and historic struggle for democracy will continue with renewed vigor , and i stand committed to the stability of the federation .
consider the writerless shows nbc s leno led tonight which airs opposite letterman and late night with conan o brien against cbs ferguson , as well as abc s jimmy kimmy live .
tucked away in a rundown neighborhood in the city s northeast , lai lai sits atop a public bathhouse , and features cracked wooden floors and a primitive sound system .
but north korean officials called off the trip , saying japanese authorities and local media were fanning anti north korean emotions and creating unsafe conditions for the ship s port call .
dhs acknowledged the experiment involved controlled hacking into a replica of a power plant s control system .
virgin galactic showed off this animated video promoting the weightless joys of commercial space travel at a trade show for experimental aircraft last month .
president obama s pick to head the health and human services department has sent a letter of apology to the senate finance committee .
the taliban said on monday that since the afghan government has not sincerely tried to solve the problem , this time we give another hours to the korean government to solve the matter .
on monday , the fbi released drawings that it said probably are close to what cooper looked like , along with a map of areas where cooper might have landed .
the antonov an biplanes of which north korea s air force is thought to have about are able to drop special forces behind enemy lines .
and given the precarious state of the u . s . economy , aid agencies say the ability of americans to help the chinese people recover and rebuild may be limited .
hu , on an eight nation tour of africa , traveled monday to namibia , where he announced new development aid for the sparsely populated , mineral rich desert country , which hopes to benefit from an influx of chinese investment and tourists .
houston , texas cnn space shuttle endeavour undocked from the international space station a day early sunday , as nasa kept a wary eye on hurricane dean .
the dow and the s p jumped more than percent , and the surged more than percent .
geoncheonggung residence was built in as a resting place for the royal couple , but was deserted after the eulmiwaebyeon incident .
at mm , we were as shocked and dismayed by this as anyone , it said .
kind of don t have to worry about that now , he said .
industries which do not have such facilities are required to engage approved waste disposal contractors to collect their wastes for recycling or treatment .
in the summertime , the beach offers a different view
they include politicians like former presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , military police and three u . s . citizens .
bulgaria and the eu say the nurses are innocent but have provided long term medical assistance to victims and aid for the benghazi hospital .
movies and television .
as the campaign for international aid gained speed , south korea on thursday accepted the north s requests for , tons of cement
hudson s sister , julia balfour , made an emotional appeal saturday for the safe return of her son .
annan , who is expected to arrive in nairobi tuesday , follows a visit by european union development commissioner louis michel , who met with kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga over the weekend .
she tells whda that the state trooper who pulled them over took his time .
the ruling national front won more than half of all seats in parliament , but it still suffered unprecedented losses and lost its two thirds majority .
mccready denied attacking her mother and told the news press of fort myers that deputies used excessive force in the arrest .
the iraqi command spokesman said the gunmen intended to make villagers think they were soldiers but instead they were deviated gangs led by al qaeda in iraq .
china has gained a reputation for striking deals with african nations without demanding political reforms such as respect for human rights sought by western donors .
two black sedans , a gray van and a bus arrived at the samsung headquarters building in downtown seoul shortly before a . m .
washington says such a freeze must be a temporary step toward permanent dismantling .
j . nicholas counter , chief negotiator for producers , called the writers strike precipitous and irresponsible in a prepared statement .
buildings were heavily damaged , and broken glass littered the street .
allegations against him include murder , sexual enslavement , forcing children to fight as soldiers , deliberately attacking civilians , and pillage .
all the food , fun and fanciness can be found in the . mile radius of downtown .
pyeongchang , competing with salzburg , austria , and sochi , russia , has been playing host to the delegation .
this material may not be published .
tall , exquisitely chiseled and with the kind of smooth line free skin that belies his years , it s not hard to see why lee is also known as the james dean of asia .
this was a mistake , it could even have been negligence but i am certain i have committed no crime , declared miceli , adding that she was clarifying the source of the funds at the request of president nestor kirchner .
politicians in iraq have been struggling to form a government for five weeks , following elections at the end of january .
in may , the castle was returned to princess ileana s son , archduke dominic habsburg .
the expected slowdown in the u . s . economy a vital export market and higher oil prices also cloud asia s outlook .
the commander said the sunni extremist group ansar al islam was believed to be behind the attack . the offensives are making a difference on the ground .
there is no deadline for nk s return to nuclear disarmament talks .
the tip of the burj s spire will be seen for miles , developers say . but sang knows it will not dominate the world s skyline forever . it s a fact of life that , at some point , someone else will build a taller building , he said .
among other things , the new rules would impose fines and criminal charges against employers who break the law .
the new , won note will be blue instead of purple , while the new , won bills will remain green .
an investigation is under way , the representative said , asking all parties to exercise maximum restraint .
the class would also be its most economically diverse , harvard said , with percent eligible for a new financial aid program .
japanese companies tend not to have sales forces outside japan , so they license rights to drugs only for the japanese market .
half of the specialists predicted a moderately strong cycle of sunspots expected to peak in october of , while the rest called for a moderately weak cycle of sunspots peaking in august of . we re hoping to achieve a consensus sometime in the next six
president elect barack obama in the democrats radio address today outlines a plan that he says will generate or protect . million jobs .
in december , a massive earthquake struck off sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than , people in a dozen countries , including , people in indonesia s westernmost province of aceh .
to come up with a flexible screen at that image quality is groundbreaking , mori said . you can drop it , and it won t break because it s as thin as paper .
billions of people around the world cannot imagine their leaders giving up power without strife or bloodshed .
the decision will be referred to the u . n .
president pervez musharraf said the killers were the same extremists that pakistan is fighting a war against , and announced three days of national mourning .
if a u . s . pullout left iraq to al qaeda influence , petraeus said , would it be focused in the levant , in the magreb , back in afghanistan , western europe , the united states ? i don t know that .
seoul and beijing trys to hold six party talks as early as possible .
british prime minister gordon brown is concerned about a number of european nations getting swept up by the global financial crisis .
kim hinted that he had been forced not to notify the public of the result , expressing uneasiness about contents of some high and middle schools textbooks .
amazing and strange , said yoshimitsu otaka , shaking his head as his country s music flowed flawlessly from the lips of a man who grew up in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
cnn the united states has seen increased activity by al qaeda and knows the group wants to launch a big attack against the united states , but has seen nothing about a specific plot , homeland security chief michael chertoff said monday . i m not going to talk about specific documents or intelligence , but i can say to you things i frankly have said publicly for some period of time .
president barack obama has reached out to russia to help out with iran .
other than republican caucuses in maine this weekend , florida is the last contest before the coast to coast primaries and caucuses on february , known as super tuesday .
congressional democrats have disputed that , saying the pentagon could shift existing funds to continue the efforts .
once it was finally adopted , it paved the way for the concept of decimals , allowing mankind to advance its knowledge of mathematics and logic .
at the same time , it raised its projections for inflation and unemployment .
iraqi government officials call mosul the last big urban stronghold for al qaeda in iraq .
they re supposed to be free .
the government touts tourism as a job generator .
south korea has advised its citizens to refrain from visiting middle eastern countries , citing possible terror attacks there ahead of the start of the islamic holy month of ramadan this week .
he completed his trip by train , arriving in changsha city , hunan s capital , on tuesday morning , the xinhua reported .
the south korean government has said it will withdraw its troops at the end of this year as planned .
but various provincial government representatives had suggested that the government hold elections after the muslim holy month of muharram , commission secretary general kanwar dilshad said at a press conference tuesday .
the videos came in all forms people facing the camera straight on , people in makeup , people with flashcards .
they focused upon changing sexual behavior .
richard boucher , spokesman of the u . s . state department , said in a daily press briefing on april that the dispute had not affected the approach to the nuclear issue .
there are fears of power shortages in tokyo , as the scale of the earthquake damage to the country s biggest nuclear power station becomes clear .
messenger will get a boost from the gravity of these three planets to guide it to a mercury orbit for a one year mission .
beijing , china cnn china has tightened visa controls ahead of the olympic games , with invitation letters and hotel reservations required for some travelers , the government acknowledged tuesday after weeks of insisting the entry process was business as usual .
chasing its seventh straight french league title , lyon leads bordeaux by two points with two rounds remaining .
army women divorce at a rate of . compared to . for men .
the financial times , citing unnamed officials , reported monday that the people s liberation army hacked into a computer system in the office of defense secretary robert gates in june . the attack forced officials to take down the network for more than a week , the report said .
all proceeds from the sale go to the sharon osbourne colon cancer program at cedars sinai medical center .
but they were still puzzling over claims that it gave off fumes that sickened people .
many of the adults at the shelter are parents or relatives of the children , she said .
those aig bonuses may be even higher .
ormara is a coastal town km miles west of karachi .
they called her a super stationmaster , made a promotional poster for train carriages and gave her that stationmaster s hat .
we can t think of anything better .
when asked by reuters if the government would bow to the taliban demand , mangal said all options were under deliberation .
national election committee spokesman martinho gusmao said three candidates emerged ahead
the athletes deserve and the world expects it , and the unity of the olympic movement will deliver it .
newark , new jersey cnn security screeners at the newark airport could almost open a department store with all the banned items
the move marks a return to european football for beckham , who previously played for manchester united in england and real madrid in spain .
the protests also coincide with the anniversary of the un charter , and campaigners say they will be stepping up the pressure for un action .
adhi said the wwf decided to implement the video technology based on the success of similar methods used to track rhinos in sabah , malaysia .
lotte tour has a more than percent booking rate for air travel to southeast asia , leaving many people on waiting lists .
, to keep one of the key items on the list , a limestone and marble statue of aphrodite , until .
big retailers like old navy , starbucks , payless , staples and blockbuster are ubiquitous .
hong kong , china cnn few issues in the environmental movement get people as riled as plastic .
when countries at the same level of economic development are compared , those where health care is organized around the tenets of primary health care produce a higher level of health for the same investment , the report says .
according to a survey by local business weekly ceonews , local business chiefs gave an average points out of to the economic policies implemented by the current government .
her other screen credits include mean girls , bobby , a prairie home companion and freaky friday .
we used to think that hezbollah is concerned with fighting the israeli occupation , and all of a sudden it is turning to be a militant force to occupy beirut , and this is why we call upon the arab and islamic nations to help us and stop these harmful aggressions in lebanon , qabbani said .
berry jangle jumps through a hoop of a sunrise a swinger s breakfast was his description of one pinot noir .
he called early parliamentary polls after losing a battle with the establishment , including army generals , who did not want his ex islamist ally as head of state .
the times of london reported monday that auvinen and cossey met via the social networking web site myspace , where members have set up two groups dedicated to the memory of eric harris and dylan klebold the perpetrators of the massacre at columbine high school in littleton , colorado .
officials in queensland state said monday they would launch appeal proceedings against district court judge sarah bradley s decision not to hand down custodial sentences in connection with the girl s rape in aurukun township on cape york in .
an official at the jail said david was not available for comment .
the reality is that if additional federal money would have cured the problems of america s cities , we would ve cured them long , long ago .
the author of a best selling comic book series intended to teach children about other countries said monday he would change a chapter on jews that has been called anti semitic and similar to nazi propaganda .
it is not yet clear where the money is being sent to , but it is expected to be wired to the us before being transferred elsewhere .
democratic challenger john kerry mixed the political and the spiritual on sunday by accusing president bush of trying to scare america and offering voters a glimpse into his own faith .
surrounded by family members , sen . edward kennedy left a massachusetts hospital wednesday morning , a day after his doctors announced that he has a malignant brain tumor .
the other weekend shootings were scattered all over the city .
the baby is due in june .
this all makes sense to harvard economist terry burnham , author of the book mean genes .
but the global economic turmoil set off by the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis has scotched that view .
stanley tookie williams is co founder of one of the nation s most notorious gangs , and a death row inmate convicted of killing four people in .
when we hit the ground for the last time , things started to fall down from the overhead bins . . . the smoke started to get in the plane . people were really panicked , she said .
every important ball she hit winner on the line . it was on the line , on the line , on the line .
gene hackman took the part and won an oscar for it .
the obama campaign is attacking me to hurt you . i won t let that happen .
asian athletes are fanning out to make names for themselves in a bunch of games , from golf to hoops to hardball to who knows what .
gordon brown will receive the keys to downing street , as outgoing uk prime minister tony blair is appointed as a peace envoy to the middle east .
the father , vincent hayes , was then hit by the speeding car head on but was ok . watch victims carried away on stretchers
police confiscated the snakes and turned tulba over to the prosecutor s office , accusing him of violating export laws and endangering the lives of other passengers .
according to this year s policy guidelines released yesterday , the ministry said it will establish an integrated support system for foreigners because the nation is fast becoming a multi national society .
the situation s bad in montecito , california , where wind whipped wildfire has destroyed at least homes and a college dormitory .
tens of thousands of ultra nationalist protesters rallied yesterday in downtown seoul against north korea s nuclear program and the planned transition of wartime operational control between south korea and the united states .
tsvangirai said he could easily get a non zimbabwean passport , but that will mean i may not be able to come back into the country .
the record turns its spear point on china , the article said .
the renewed controversy began when the center of china s borderland history and geography research released the texts of research papers that say the balhae kingdom , which was established after the fall of the goguryeo kingdom and ruled in the area from to , was founded by chinese minorities and was , in effect , a chinese provincial government .
sex education programs do not speed up teenagers experimentation with sex , and might actually delay it , a study said .
the shooter attacked more than one classroom at norris hall , according to police .
the minke whale is the second smallest of the baleen whales after the pygmy right whale .
a cyclone hit the coast of pakistan on tuesday , dumping torrential rain over a thinly populated region days after about people were killed when a storm lashed the country s biggest city , karachi .
lee called north korea s threats undesirable on thursday during a meeting of the country s ranking generals , yonhap reported .
but the quarter percentage point cut , while expected , was considered modest while the accompanying statement failed to reassure investors that more cuts are coming .
the party moved inside briefly before players returned to the field raced up and down the right field stands spraying fans with champagne before settling down for the presentation of the al championship trophy .
police told cnn that by saturday , arrests had been made , while local media reported another , were arrested sunday .
some have become accepted , among them antibiotics for certain ulcers and etidronate a drug that regulates bone metabolism
the report said eritrea , niger , comoros , haiti and liberia are particularly affected .
incessant rain that starting falling thursday on jakarta and the hills south of the city triggered the floods , the worst in recent memory .
the polls were conducted october through october .
british troops could be called in to help , but it would be coordinated through the office of prime minister nuri al maliki in baghdad , he said .
indian winemakers face a significant challenge gaining a foothold in this country where alcohol is still largely frowned upon for religious and cultural reasons , and many of those who do drink nearly all men are just fine with their whiskey and sodas .
he is serving four consecutive life sentences plus years for the convictions .
polk county sheriff grady judd called the march attack animalistic .
schools have been closed and airline flights cancelled in the port city of wenzhou , in zhejiang province .
defense secretary robert gates , who will keep his job when president elect barack obama takes his office , is in iraq .
he was released wednesday from the dera ghazi khan city jail in punjab province , police sources said .
south african president thabo mbeki
christopher hill , the united states point man on north korea , suggested on tuesday that washington opposes an inter korean tourism project at mt .
the clock s ticking and this is coming very quickly , he said .
lose some weight , you do this professionally , he scolds as he tips him over in his chair .
in all , percent said they thought the constitution ensures that right , and percent said it did not .
ready mixed concrete industry workers are also expected to join .
opposition leader morgan tsvangirai said he is closely monitoring developments from harare , zimbabwe s capital .
british foreign secretary margaret beckett said in january that the united kingdom was unlikely to send any more troops to iraq .
pound gorillas aren t always the enemy .
an eight strong south korean delegation , including a presidential envoy , is in kabul to meet afghan president hamid karzai and negotiate for the hostages release .
the cowboys sacked eli manning eight times at a win over the giants .
the pair wore wore scarves on their heads , khaki trousers and a traditional afghan shirt that hangs to the knees .
the initial assessment is that any cutoff from current access to turkey would force the u . s . military into longer cargo flights ,
we are defending chavez , said heide carolina ruiz , an year old high school student .
sopranos actor acquitted in cop killing
cnn . com users responded by the thousands to the story asking how they could help .
i don t believe that they have a uh , immediate plans to change their model , which is a model of failure .
two girls ages and were killed early sunday and people were injured in the small southeastern city of sabara when a tractor trailer carrying a band hit them during the mama africa street carnival party , the city reported on its web site .
tropical cyclone larry smashed into queensland at innisfail , about km south of cairns , making thousands homeless .
in some ways , the interviews were an odd topic for an award winning play and , now , well reviewed and golden globe nominated movie .
we re providing new information and pictures and asking for your help in solving the case , the fbi said in a statement .
lopez , a notre dame college graduate and former cia undercover officer , was stationed at port louis , mauritius , from to .
supermarkets and other shops are planning to shorten opening hours to make price changes , enabling them to buy replacement stock at higher prices .
rescuers searched for survivors of hurricane felix on thursday as the death toll from the powerful storm rose to nearly , according to the associated press .
nine australians were on board the jet that crashed and burst into flames in indonesia on wednesday , officials and journalists following a visit of foreign minister alexander downer to meet the sultan of yogyakarta city .
roshini raj tells nbc s today show that she s not surprised swayze , whose been fighting pancreatic cancer , is back in the hospital .
several major exit polls suggested that first lady cristina fernandez de kirchner won the presidency sunday by a large enough margin to avoid a runoff .
the iraqi interim government now has legal custody of the man who once ruled the country .
the rural landscape , the chilly weather and even obama s stump speech bear an eerie resemblance to those first days on the campaign trail .
we believe that the consortium s bid is fair and would benefit investors and the shareholders and the country in the long run .
they hope to conclude negotiations by march to seal a trade pact by july , the expiration of the bush administration s fast track trade promotion authority .
lebanese troops advanced towards fortified positions of islamist militants at a palestinian refugee camp on wednesday in what political sources said was the start of a final assault to root out the gunmen .
white ice sheets perform an important function in moderating global temperature by reflecting heat from the sun back into space .
for many russians she was a feminine icon , bridging the glamorous world of modeling and the rough underbelly of russian crime .
it s going to be government reform because that , that is what i ve been able to do as a mayor and as a governor , you , you take on the special interests and the self dealings . yep , you ruffle feathers and you have the scars to prove it , palin said tuesday in an interview with cnn s drew griffin .
the iaea report prepared by director mohamed elbaradei showed tehran has instead expanded its enrichment efforts setting up nearly , uranium spinning centrifuges in and above an underground bunker , enriching minute amounts of uranium and bringing nearly tons of the gaseous feedstock into its underground nuclear facility at natanz in preparation for enrichment .
unfortunately , unfair competition has succeeded in driving us out of business , he said .
children who are born in the united states are not deported , he said , although we recognize that , in almost all cases , the child will accompany the parent back .
bipedalism is a defining characteristic of the human lineage and marked an important divergence from other apes .
president roh moo hyun s governing uri party faces a critical time in its future following a crushing defeat in wednesday s by elections that greatly shocked the party s legislators .
white areas of the planet s cloud bands are turning brown and brownish areas are lightening up , the researchers said .
the toddler told the associated press by phone that she was fine and happy to see her mother .
the election commission said about of votes had been counted and the situation would not change greatly .
bundchen and brady were reportedly married on saturday in the coastal town of santa teresa .
on thursday , more than , police officers fanned out across the capital city of new delhi and surrounding areas to maintain peace during the bandh , or shutdown .
president karzai said that the president s personal participation would be a source of support and encouragement for the jirga process . the president agreed in principle to address the closing session of the joint peace jirga , the ministry said .
one thing that s clear this campaign s going on , romney said . i think there s some people who thought that it was all going to be done tonight , but it s not all done tonight . we re going to keep on battling .
after a russian jet and a cargo plane collided police and witnesses said the crash scattered burning pieces like fire two of those killed were the pilot and co pilot of the cargo plane , operated by air freight carrier dhl .
now , the mission will include mobilizing activists . among the donors
his family said it is distributing flowers already received to other patients at new york presbyterian hospital columbia university medical center .
the year old film critic had surgery june to remove a cancerous growth on his salivary gland .
in the united states , speed is a very important factor .
bernanke and paulson both said the outlook for the economy is noticeably worse than it was as recently as a few months ago , and both expect cuts in official growth forecasts from the administration and the fed in upcoming months .
spain is made up of many different peoples , and five languages are spoken across the country .
the newspaper said he made his comments while visiting dubai for a conference on cloning and genetic engineering .
but this is an adventure we ll never forget , starting with those sea lions we spotted on san cristobal island , snoozing on rowboats as if they owned the place .
texts used to tackle south africa hiv crisis
clinton s campaign issued a statement congratulating obama on his win , and said they look forward to campaigning in pennsylvania and around the country as this campaign continues .
lebanese christian opposition leader michel aoun said last week he could support the candidacy of lebanon s army chief , gen . michel sleiman , to become the country s new president .
later , troops recovered three rebel bodies along with rifles , bombs and detonators .
there was no single driver behind oil s sharp price jump
the departure of kutaragi , an icon among gamers , marks the end of an era at sony corp . that saw the company long dominate the video game industry with its flagship playstation consoles .
and other companies are cutting back all across the economy , eliminating another , jobs last month that s more than expected .
speaking at the closing annual session of china s legislature , mr wen said china s response to the protests was restrained .
jakarta shows just how fast a city s fortunes can change .
the couple has also listed their home on miami beach s posh star island for about million , or roughly million than they paid for it after o neal was traded to the heat by the los angeles lakers before the season .
the militants did not enter israel through any of the tunnels at the border crossing , which is just outside gaza city , the officer said .
olympic champion sprinter justin gatlin will challenge his four year doping suspension and may take the case to federal court , his attorney said .
ambulances and other security vehicles rushed to the scene , and soldiers could be seen leading wounded people away from the area .
schools in new york , new jersey , minnesota , california , washington and texas were among those receiving threats .
apple aapl , fortune posted net income of . billion , or . per share , up from a year ago and beating analysts forecasts of . per share .
however , irwin added that the final decision on the matter would be made by steve s widow terri .
cafes , nightclubs and restaurants are to be given until january to adapt , said dominique de villepin .
some of the suspects are believed to have recruited and trained militants from asia in order to bring them to saudi arabia to carry out terror attacks , al turki said .
the dutch national railway company apologized last year for its role in deporting thousands of jews to nazi concentration camps .
south korean companies called on the government thursday to push for the early lowering of the european union s eu import duties on cars and electronic goods at free trade talks scheduled for next week .
this meant fink s invention was useful not only in the military and telecommunications field , but could also be used in minimally invasive laser surgery
cw has reaper , the humor tinged tale of a something slacker who discovers that his parents sold him out to the devil and he s now gainfully employed as satan s bounty hunter .
but we are going to get a package passed .
seinfeld said the idea for bee movie popped randomly into his head one day as he was eating candy .
the korea times reports the state department s performance and accountability report for fiscal year said its goal of winning north korea s agreement to verifiable dismantlement of its nuclear programs has failed so far , with pyongyang refusing to engage in substantive discussions .
yoo , who is still banned from returning to korea after allegedly dodging military enlistment , is releasing a special korean version of his album , due to the request of his fans .
there are reports of some damage to cuba by the storm .
but the criteria used tend to be very crude , the report said .
i hope you find comfort knowing that your loved ones rest in a place even more peaceful than the fields that surround us here .
some of the rise can be attributed to the success of sen . barack obama in the democratic presidential primaries , said keating holland , cnn s polling director .
in cooperation with the powerful church of cyprus and tourism officials it is launching religious tours for the first time this summer .
manchester united and as roma have been fined by european governing body uefa following crowd disturbances in their champions league quarterfinal earlier this month .
the violence has been escalating since mid july when a ceasefire between the army and the militants broke down .
grizzly bear and gray wolf populations in parts of the northern rockies are considered stable enough by the government to survive without endangered species act protection .
gm says it needs billion just to make it to next month .
communist china has sentenced the former head of the state food and drug administration to death after he was convicted of corruption , state media has reported .
the two sides are also likely to discuss the us plans to alter its military presence in the south .
and still they hadn t left they were inside the car . and one man said to the other , let s shoot him because he s becoming annoying .
television footage of the quake showed buildings shaking violently for about seconds .
despite their surge , the farmers markets are still a minuscule part of the north s economy .
metal roofs were peeled back by the force of the explosions .
this season , the resort is offering new ski school classes and has carved out some mellower runs to give skiers and snowboarders more options on the mountain .
obama led rival sen . hillary clinton by percent to percent , with all of the precincts reporting .
the nielsen co . estimates that . million households rely on over the air television broadcasts for programming .
her studies in u . s . and parisian cafes show that french couples spend about three times as much time touching as americans .
most chinese cannot take a break when they want .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
saakashvili has denied the charges , and accused russian leaders of fomenting the political crisis .
from jfk to natural born killers , stone s films have made him a lightning rod for controversy
even nice restaurants with minimum meals
president elect barack obama and sen . john mccain said monday that americans are looking for leaders who will come together and change the bad habits of washington .
to further honor the occasion of mrs . obama s visit , the tennessee republican party has requested the playing of patriotic music by radio stations across the state , said a statement on the party s web site that accompanied the video .
the astana rider , who lost all hope of winning the race when he cracked and crashed on sunday s th stage , went solo km from the summit of the col de peyresourde to beat luxembourg s kim kirchen of the t mobile team .
the issue of whether to allow north korea to develop a civilian nuclear power program is not likely to be an obstacle that would derail the six party talks on the north s nuclear arms program , the top u . s . envoy to the talks said in washington .
the north korean government has invited news organizations , including cnn , to witness the event .
south korea s prime minister lee hae chan has resigned for playing golf when he was supposed to be dealing with a national railway strike .
the whale shark is one of the most perplexing and elusive creatures in the ocean , still largely a mystery even to the marine biologists who have dedicated careers to studying the creatures .
they verified the shutting down of the reactor yesterday , he said .
ambassadors from european union nations on friday backed a deal with the united states on the sharing of trans atlantic air passenger data that washington says is needed to help fight terrorism , diplomats said .
according to the terms of their mother s will , prince william and younger brother harry are entitled to their half share of her assets when they turn , the associated press reported .
one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother .
dr . pamela peeke , clinical assistant professor of medicine at the university of maryland school of medicine , also recommends the dr . susan love research foundation web site .
a navy spokesman said two fishing boats had been sunk , but it was not known how many people were on board .
as i picked my way over hot rocks and bubbling mud in the pouring rain , i realized dominica was not for the faint hearted .
anybody who has ever voted for me or voted for barack has much more in common in terms of what we want to see happen in our country and in the world with the other than they do with john mccain , clinton said on cnn s the situation room .
whatever the underlying causes they have to be addressed , but this senseless violence is not a solution .
the group said the scientist had to be able to produce the meat in large enough quantity so it could be sold in u . s . states at a price competitive to the prevailing chicken price .
sudanese television reported more than people were on the plane . several injured people were taken to a hospital , the network said , but the number of injured was not immediately known .
hanging over the investigation is the internal investigation into what contact his aides might have had with illinois governor rod blagojevich .
school is over , and the time is now p . m . insoo has a few hours to kill before going to hakwon , a private special subject school , so he calls up the owner of a pc bang and asks for a ride .
an investigating team was sent to helmand province s gereshk district , where fighting took place between insurgents and western forces late friday , said dur ali shah , the mayor of gereshk , and mohammad hussein andewal , the provincial police chief .
the teenagers were abducted near meadville and beaten in the homochitto national forest .
major state run organizations plans to move to provincial cities .
wiiitis pronounced wee eye tis is the latest ailment to develop from the video game era , beginning with space invaders wrist in , which was caused by the repeated button mashing required by the popular arcade game .
the show went into damage control wednesday , with cowell known for his acerbic comments and a series producer denying that he had heard what richardson said .
video showed the evacuees wearing face masks and carrying luggage as they walked toward the shore .
public anger in the capital had been mounting after they kidnapped policemen as well as people they considered to be involved in immoral , un islamic activities .
the ap s warren levinson has more from new york
the killings in dujail in followed an attempt on saddam hussein s life .
u . s . officials have urged turkey not to send troops and appealed for a diplomatic solution with iraq . the kurdish region in northern iraq is one of the country s few relatively stable areas , and the kurds here are also a longtime u . s . ally .
turkey now a nato member and a key u . s . ally in the war on terror accepts armenians were killed but calls it a massacre during a chaotic time , not an organized campaign of genocide .
it requires all of us to rise above differences and truly to be a unified force to defeat this scourge from our land , saleh said .
they say that they are interested in cooperating with the u . n . , villarosa said , so this seems very unusual to say the least .
for example , the report says north america has already experienced substantial ecosystem , social and cultural disruption from recent climate extremes , such as hurricanes and wildfires .
discovery , the space shuttle , comes back safely .
the couple was granted a preliminary decree of divorce on november britain s high court in london .
i wonder if we should be leaving driver qualification to train operators , transport minister kazuo kitagawa told reporters .
that s about the same wage as can be made by the average forklift operator .
this proves that the judges had sympathy for an old man who doesn t have a job , quipped barker , who retired last week after years on the price is right and years in television .
russia s president vladimir putin is expected to voice concern over its eastward expansion russia has warned of a crisis if ukraine tries to join .
the hostage and eisenberg called cnn multiple times throughout the afternoon and talked to cnn staffers .
a similar dose of caffeine , about mg , also appears effective in enhancing physical endurance and may be especially useful in returning some of the physical endurance lost at high altitude , the study found .
the newspaper also quoted a zanu pf official as saying that the party has rejected an offer from the opposition mdc to form a national unity government , saying such a coalition would be like mixing water with fire .
the skull , cast from a year old th century european male , is coated with , diamonds , including a large pink diamond worth more than million in the center of its forehead .
lee dong jin , who also goes by phillip lee , was detained by police .
the mayor of nearby kashiwazaki city has ordered the plant to remain closed indefinitely .
i decided to go to the americans and tell them the story , he said .
late wednesday , the united nations launched an appeal for nearly million to help half a million kenyans affected by the violence .
we knew this was coming , and detroit is not happy now that it s here .
all of the carmaker s plants will close after the last shift on friday , and employees will not be asked to return to work before jan . .
in addition to damages , viacom said it wants an injunction prohibiting google and youtube from further copyright infringement .
it is a remarkable progress from last year s first round success when his team established just a single stem cell line by cloning the somatic cell of a healthy woman .
roaming players must point their handsets in the right direction to score .
saddam hussein s trial has heard its first witness testimony , from a now deceased former iraqi intelligence officer on a pre recorded video .
johnson s approval rating was percent just before congress passed the gulf of tonkin resolution in , which effectively authorized the vietnam war . four years later , his approval was down to percent , a point drop that is statistically identical to what bush has faced so far over the length of the iraq war , he said .
in one protest , the windows of a department store were smashed .
all i want is to be able to sit on my front porch and not smell sheep poop , said angie fowler , who lives across the street .
however , it suffered a major setback in november , when a rocket carrying the second set of spy satellites malfunctioned and was destroyed in mid flight .
he helped lead the united states to war in the country .
neighbouring belize is also bracing itself for the hurricane , which is registering winds of km h .
flight surgeon dave alexander said williams physical fitness , mental well being and radiation exposure would be monitored carefully , but right now , the predictions are suni can stay up for an extended period of time .
the two countries do not have settled summit schedules , but it is president roh moo hyun s turn to visit japan as his japanese counterpart came to seoul last june .
japanese stocks fell wednesday after prime minister shinzo abe announced plans to resign after a string of damaging scandals and a humiliating electoral defeat .
in the congolese hospital where patients were being treated patients are not being isolated .
this time next week we ll be down to the semi finalists .
along the east coast , a big storm is revving up
the government announced a set of long term measures to tackle rising oil prices after an energy conservation committee presided over by prime minister lee hae chan .
city officials in new york have denied iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad s request to visit the site of the destroyed world trade center next week , a police spokesman said wednesday .
we will not allow the distress of one financial institution to distress the entire system , she told reporters .
federal officials agreed to dismiss the charges last year on the condition that bonvillain perform hours of community service , undergo drug testing and pay , in restitution .
and though it requires sacrifice , it brings a deeper fulfillment .
they will be asked questions about history , institutions and culture as well as committing to australian social values focusing on mateship .
that was the first african american president , yeah , i can do that too !
this came after the city s bullring shopping centre and the birmingham central library were named as the number one and two ugliest buildings in the country .
the superjumbo took off on schedule at . a . m . gmt on a hour flight that launches a new era in air travel .
tavares said it was not clear what caused the collapse , but brazilian media reports said the year old stadium recently came under heavy criticism for the precarious condition of its stands .
kumari fulbright , , who is midway through her second year in law school , faces a long prison term if convicted of kidnapping , armed robbery , aggravated robbery and two counts of aggravated assault .
youths threw rocks , set fires to homes and smashed windows in another eruption of the violence which has left at least people dead in two weeks .
bush to host world summit on financial crisis
she logs on between classes , and then , later , at her part time job .
about half the million drop in the projected population is a result of an expected increase in the number of deaths , primarily from aids , the forecast said .
father ciro benedettini , a spokesman for the vatican , confirmed to cnn the academic protests had prompted the cancellation .
south korea , japan and the u . s . urge north korea to return to six party talks .
the justices apparently agreed with the justice department , noting in their brief order that the appeal was dismissed for want of jurisdiction . the case now goes back to the three judge district court panel for final resolution .
a californian company is developing a new technique for recycling carbon dioxide , or co , and turning it back into fuel .
television footage showed the bus lying on its side and a number of derailed train cars .
he did not indicate whether they planned another biological child or if they would adopt .
there is no change in our plans to send additional troops to iraq , goh said during an urgent cabinet meeting wednesday evening .
it sounds like it s not over in india , even though police have rescued at least seven people from one hotel in mumbai where terrorists took hostages after killing more than a hundred people in a co ordinated series of attacks .
she is in negotiations , yes , publicist lisa kasteler told the associated press . she did not elaborate .
it is with sadness that i learned of the death of former president yeltsin .
the blazes were part of the fall out from triple digit temperatures .
white house spokeswoman dana perino said the iraqis are talking with the turks and we think that type of dialogue is important . we are in constant dialogue to make sure this is handled in a way that is narrowly targeted to hit the pkk , to limit or hopefully cause no civilian casualties .
stars who have done time she has fulfilled her debt to society and it s now concluded , said sheriff s spokesman steve whitmore .
evidence of the violence was seen in smoke rising from burned homes in one johannesburg neighborhood .
prosecutors , however , cannot indict a sitting president , so the move would be largely symbolic .
olmert and abbas are expected to meet on december for the first round of talks since they agreed at a u . s . sponsored conference to try to broker a deal on palestinian statehood by the end of .
england are already without fellow midfielder players david beckham and frank lampard but liverpool s steven gerrard took part in wednesday s training even though he is recovering from a broken toe .
there aren t any casualties so far , except for two people who were injured driving in taitung in the middle of the bad weather , the official said .
top seed roger federer , bidding for his fourth indian wells title in five years , cruised to a victory over ivan ljubicic to also move into the quarterfinals .
more than , radical protesters were still in rostock on monday , police said .
rather maintains the story was true .
nabarro , the u . n . official in charge of tracking bird flu outbreaks , said that in addition to the outbreaks in britain and hungary , officials have recently confirmed infections among domestic birds in japan , and south korea .
they are very hard to stick with , moriarty lamented . i make them all the time and break them in about three hours .
the korea herald reports the government and the ruling party are considering whether to be more lenient with some of the students disqualified from this year s state run college entrance tests for carrying cellular phones or other banned items into exam venues .
minister kyaw hsan told the un envoy ibrahim gambari that burma would not accept interference in its sovereignty .
abe s ruling coalition currently controls the house , but his popularity waned after he took power last year .
elections set for next week in pakistan have been postponed until the th of february .
in that case , hatoyama said , the party would have to choose his replacement as quickly as possible .
the ban came a day after the chinese authorities announced on monday that parasite eggs were discovered in the south korean food made from red peppers and cabbage .
communist officials accuse him of buying information and passing it to taiwan s intelligence services over a period of five years from mid to march .
tehran said on state run media over the weekend that it has uncovered several u . s . run spy rings inside iran and would release more details in the coming days .
if he refuses to sign the bill , it will not become law .
a south korean military official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said the alleged victim also sent a text message on the night of the alleged rape via cellular phone telling the suspect that she arrived at her house safely .
cnn scores of sex offenders in anderson , south carolina , will be corralled for halloween tonight in a move authorities say is needed to keep kids safe as they trick or treat .
the us , uk , germany and italy are among those to have recognized kosovo .
the policy which was launched in the s is aimed at controlling population growth in the world s biggest nation with some . billion people .
yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s military government , a target of sharp international criticism for failing to hand over power to a democratically elected government , announced saturday that it will hold elections in .
ankara , turkey cnn a powerful blast believed to be a bomb ripped through an ankara shopping district tuesday , killing at least five people and wounding dozens more .
zimbabwe s government has accused australia of funding violence in an attempt to remove president robert mugabe from power .
initial reports indicate the bomber was wearing an explosive vest .
the appointment is open ended but provides no compensation , said emory spokeswoman nancy seideman .
as a result , some experts say that the incident would affect the future relationship between the two countries .
fayyazbakhsh said the two new plants would be built near bushehr .
new regulations give police and emergency services workers the power to order anyone to stop behavior that causes annoyance or inconvenience to participants in a world youth day event , according to a new south wales state government gazette .
exit polling by serbia s center for free elections in democracy cesid indicated nikolic an ally of the late yugoslav strongman slobodan milosevic leading the field of nine with about percent of the vote .
he s disappointed not to be playing on tuesday but he is determined to try to be ready for the return leg , said totti s personal trainer vito scala .
the treaty was approved on the first day of a two day summit in lisbon , portugal , which holds the rotating eu presidency .
the stage adaptation of j . r . r . tolkien s fantasy saga officially opened tuesday night at london s theatre royal , with actors dressed as hobbits , elves and dwarfs , and pyrotechnics , special effects and a revolving stage aimed at recreating middle earth .
under the deal , the north is required to seal its main nuclear reactor and related facilities at yongbyon , north of the capital , within days and allow inspections by the international atomic energy agency .
we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said .
currently the kadima coalition , which olmert heads as prime minister , holds seats in the seat knesset .
police also said that the gun auvinen used , which was fully licensed , had been purchased less than a month ago on october .
clinton s win won t do much to cut into obama s lead
at a news conference thursday , police said auvinen had sprayed a flammable liquid , possibly lamp oil , on the walls of the school and that he tried but failed to light it .
if roger is a not so closet liberal , hoffman s definitely in the cheney wing of the foreign policy spectrum .
the afghan government has come under increasing pressure over the case .
the violence marked a new escalation in the army s battle with islamic militants , as the fighting shifted from the bomb ravaged , besieged palestinian refugee camp of nahr el bared on tripoli s outskirts back to this city where violence first erupted may .
officials said a number of people had been taken to hospital after being hurt when a steam pipe ruptured underneath st street on manhattan s east side .
we re eager for observations from astronomers near the asteroid s approach path , said gareth williams of the minor planet center .
he s not ruling out another adventure with spider man and the film series three time director , sam raimi .
the three men were alone in the room , without any aides , in an effort to show we support genuine dialogue , wetangula said .
the terrorist organization could be training operatives to move explosives available on the commercial market from pakistan s tribal region through europe and into the united states , he said .
it would be irresponsible if we didn t have somebody in place by the beginning of the october session .
their defense was by no means watertight but united failed to make their superiority tell .
the year old girl , who called authorities last week with allegations of physical and sexual abuse at the compound , may be in the group and using a different name , marleigh meisner , a spokeswoman for texas child protective services , said at a news conference sunday .
they have had control of the pop star s finances and estate since she was hospitalized twice in january .
a total of people tested positive for hiv aids during the first nine months of this year , raising the number of resident koreans who have been infected with the disease to , , health authorities announced yesterday .
the court said that the parents were also liable , because they had let their child play unattended at night on a busy road .
we know each other , and we have developed , i think , a very close friendship something like a reunion of one family , the dalai lama said , speaking of bush .
his sudden death and a police statement that the case was suspicious led to speculation that patarkatsishvili was murdered , even though his spokesman said the cause of death was heart failure .
up to people were killed in tuesday s attack on a crowded marketplace .
the gunman was carrying an ak and a pistol and had time to swap weapons during the massacre .
traditional remedies and ingredients also inspired the spa s lavender baths , lemon verbena manicures and massage oils containing cypress , juniper and rosemary .
with tilley , freud said he was very aware of all kinds of spectacular things to do with her size , like amazing craters and things one s never seen before , according to the interview with the tate .
a small town police chief in central texas has been fired from his job and thrown into jail after allegedly tasering his wife during an argument .
one student allegedly dealing cocaine was a month short of obtaining a master s degree in homeland security at the california school and worked under campus police as a student community service officer .
seoul , south korea ap south korea reported on april its first probable case of sars .
a newspaper published by china s ruling communist party has blasted the latest guns n roses album as an attack on the nation .
yousuf ahmadi , who claims to be a taliban spokesman , told the afp news agency that they will kill some of the hostages unless the afghan government releases eight prisoners by p . m .
it looks like some places will see in excess of a foot of snow .
the bombardment near the arab jabour area on the southern outskirts of baghdad is part of a new countrywide push against insurgents called operation phantom phoenix , the military said .
the temperature in new york was degrees about the time of the crash off manhattan s west side .
meantime , crowds return this christmas to bethlehem .
a culinary revolution occurred around when koreans started using red chili peppers in kimchi , kim said .
noting that the school s professors have expressed strong complaints over the selection result , ha said under the current system , it is extremely hard to nurture competent lawyers and legal experts .
the video sharing web site announced monday that it will hold the first youtube video awards to recognize the best user created videos of .
stephanie cutter , who served as john kerry s spokeswoman during his presidential run , will serve as senior advisor to the campaign and michelle obama s chief of staff .
howard , , has been a staunch supporter of president bush s decision to go to war in iraq .
it makes sense that men may subconsciously associate the color red with sex .
sen . hillary clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the last week , the exit polls showed .
, xperiencedays . com , or iloveny . com .
riggle said he felt good about being able to be part of a comedy troupe that entertained the troops , saying that comedy and laughter is their escape from the deadly serious work they do every day .
the appointment of a communist chinese judge to the highest court in the world trade organization wto has been blocked by taiwan in a surprise decision .
the torch was due to arrive in oman on monday , the only stop in the middle east for the relay .
motor vessel patriot , a maltese flagged , german owned vessel , was successfully pirated about nautical miles southeast of muqalla , in yemen , in the gulf of aden .
protesters say about of their number have died in the past several weeks during the longest running uprisings in tibet against chinese rule in years .
david beckham and his los angeles galaxy teammates held a workout at the olympic stadium on monday before substantially less than the sellout crowd of , that is expected there for an exhibition match the following night .
he was the democratic nominee for president in , losing to president bush after a lengthy legal fight over voting results in florida . gore toyed with the idea of a rematch against bush in , but decided against it .
he said the operation has been smooth , and no shots have been fired .
a smurf is a pitufo in spanish , a schlumpf in german , nam ching ling to the chinese , a sumafa in japan and dardassim in hebrew .
the report singled out eight programs that were found to effectively communicate the joint messages of abstinence and safe sex .
so doctors advise avoiding or limiting sun exposure from a . m . to p . m . , and using protective clothing and sunscreen with an spf rating of at least .
kenyan president mwai kibaki called obama s election a momentous day not only in the history of the united states of america , but also for us in kenya . the victory of senator obama is our own victory because of his roots here in kenya .
the report was published by the iranian student news agency and quoted a member of parliament .
thousands of patients who received infected growth hormone did not get cjd
president elect barack obama has decided to increase his goal for creating new jobs after receiving economic forecasts that suggest the economy is in worse shape than had been predicted , two democratic officials told cnn .
she eventually divorced and traveled to los angeles , where she retired .
that album included the grammy winning single heartache tonight .
she told the newspaper she had gone bare breasted after running the city marathon without police bothering her .
sarkozy said the plan , which would provide support for french automakers , multi billion dollar construction projects and tax rebates , should boost growth by . percentage points in .
rice , gates and bush are all on the same page regarding iran , he said .
having pinpointed its orbital path , scientists dismissed any potential of danger .
the state of rajasthan , where jaipur is located , was placed on alert , local officials said .
she wasn t expecting it , and i was quite nervous more nervous about proposing to her in front of family and friends than about performing in front of , people onstage , dorough told people earlier this year .
gore also will want to work closely with whoever wins the nomination to promote an environmental agenda .
the employee called in childs , after looking up the spider on the internet .
unicredit s board met sunday in milan while capitalia s board gave its approval at a meeting in rome .
cnn liangqiao , a small collection of huts and farms in southern china , is known as a cancer village .
monrovia , liberia cnn officials have confirmed the presence in liberia of mass graves which are believed to hold the remains of people massacred during the country s year civil war .
a state television s in depth report on sexual harassment , and even alleged rape by sports coaches of female athletes is causing an outrage across the nation .
but the election was thrown into uncertainty monday when the national assembly voted to investigate accusations of fraud against him after political opponents released a video clip of him saying he founded an investment company at the center of stock manipulation charges .
last week , a group of major clinton donors who had donated roughly million to the party over the past decade sent a message to house speaker nancy pelosi , who had made public comments urging superdelegates to nominate the pledged delegate leader , calling on her to reconsider her position .
that is the minimum that chinese officials say they need to create jobs for new workers and millions of others laid off in the overhaul of state industry .
a stunned crowd of , people watched mine that bird win the kentucky derby , and an overjoyed jockey , calvin borel , won the run for the roses by and three quarter lengths .
allawi said he met yesterday with a delegation trying to mediate the disputes between sadr and the government .
some protesters threw themselves at the torch , and at least one tried to snatch it away .
harry is third in line to the british throne and serves with the blues and royals .
for too long the people of darfur have suffered at the hands of a government that is complicit in the bombing , murder and rape of innocent civilians .
song il ho , the deputy director of the north korean foreign ministry s asian bureau , will represent pyongyang . song arrived in beijing tuesday .
state taxes vary but are generally lower than cents a gallon .
the u . s . picked governing council decided to dissolve immediately to make way rather than wait until june .
while in hershey , pennsylvania , republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin warmed up the crowd .
medical researchers say state laws meant to keep teens out of indoor tanning booths are not being enforced or are having little effect
a senior army officer , maj gen geoffrey miller , has been ordered to testify about us interrogation policies .
but the charges mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the june stabbing deaths of his ex wife , nicole brown simpson , and ron goldman .
but because rev . wright was on the verge of retirement , and because of my strong links to the trinity faith community , where i married my wife and where my daughters were baptized , i did not think it appropriate to leave the church .
a vision of america where growth is not based on real estate bubbles or over leveraged banks , but on a firm foundation of investment in energy , education and health care .
and because off label uses bypass the lengthy clinical trials and the fda s scrutiny for safety and efficacy that approved drugs must endure , their risks and side effects are open questions .
be waged and won for hearts and minds here at home and round the world , he said .
earlier , the military said of its troops had gone missing during the battle near the afghan border .
future bank was started in in a joint venture between bank melli bank saderat , also an iranian bank and a private bank based in bahrain .
bans on headcoverings were imposed in the early s by turkey s universities because they were seen as political symbols and conflicted with turkey s secular governing system .
she was solicited the first time when she was cleaning an office .
a particularly large crowd was expected wednesday amid a brutal heat wave , with temperatures predicted to hit degrees .
they ve been looking at everything from the illinois governor , for hiring people for state jobs , to the actions of friends and contributors .
working in retail is the tried and true rite of passage for many teenagers , and it s also a good seasonal job for experienced workers who have established customer service skills .
bayern , the four times european cup winners , went into the return as slight favorites at a , sell out allianz arena , after they had come from behind twice in milan .
the participants had one face to face group meeting with a psychologist , and then had access to an online bulletin board .
thirty five arrests have been made after clashes between pro tibet protesters and police as the olympic torch made its way through london .
the group supports secularism and freedom of expression .
you can already go into a sizing booth and get measurements of your size and shape .
she has approved a script for addicted , an adaptation of her biggest selling novel , about a woman who seeks counseling for sex addiction .
however , weather data show the storm might have peaked , meaning the worst could be behind the rovers .
london , england cnn british military officials on sunday said prince william had not breached any rules when he used a royal air force helicopter to drop in at his girlfriend s house .
trump denies golf course hit by the crunch
prepare to queue but know that it s worth the wait !
richie , , was not in court for the brief hearing .
that wouldn t be a decision of the uci to do that .
naturally , cho can t say much about the film , given abrams typical reticence about his projects .
at least a dozen freed prisoners described brutal treatment at detention centers , including one who said dozens of detainees were killed , according to the democratic voice of burma , a norway based short wave radio station and web site run by dissident journalists .
by the way , the world health organization says the genes in swine flu may come from pigs , but there is no indication that the current epidemic is coming from swine .
she now delivers subpoenas and legal documents .
a year old nepalese girl was stripped of her title as a living goddess because she traveled overseas to promote a documentary about the centuries old tradition , a news report said tuesday .
as we were about to touch down , a gust of wind pressed the left wing towards the ground , a lufthansa pilot identified only as oliver a . said in a statement .
the year old williams then turned on the power , taking the second set in minutes with a service winner on set point .
radcliffe , who was discovered seven years ago in the audience of a london theater , reprises his role as the bespectacled boy wizard in harry potter and the order of the phoenix , slated for release july .
you can observe the glowing dinoflagellates a type of microscopic algae throughout the year , but the best time to visit is during a new moon when the night sky is darkest .
the victims were found last night on the top floor of a family home on the city s west side
according to police , the lawyer , the year old uncle and the president of a local finance company colluded to kidnap the year old golf club owner on feb .
the topic was also discussed last month in a meeting between vice president dick cheney and australian prime minister john howard when cheney visited australia .
the self deprecating scorsese said he was pleased at the apparent success of the film but that he only became convinced it was doing well when the studio called with box office revenues from the first couple of weekends .
the nobel laureates in medicine will receive their awards in stockholm , sweden on december .
judging by obama s savvy use of social networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team s web site , americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media s filters while reaching out to citizens for input , observers say .
there has been speculation kim could use the occasion to name his successor .
it would be a total oddity the weirdest creature in the world of dinosaurs and birds , said luis chiappe , a paleontologist at the natural history museum of los angeles county who did not participate in the dig .
the auction brought in , more than twice the amount julien predicted .
google inc . bills the latest twist on its online maps as street view , but it looks a bit like candid camera as you cruise through the panorama of pictures that captured fleeting moments in neighborhoods scattered across the country .
a candidate needs , to claim the democratic nomination .
the ship and its passengers is continuing its planned voyage .
the former king s reign is remembered as one of the most peaceful periods of afghanistan s turbulent history .
an area the movie plans to highlight .
forbes . com , which ranked celebrity children years old and younger based on media attention and their parents popularity , said suri
the only exceptions are diplomats , government guests and permanent residents such as koreans who have lived in japan for generations .
ti s korean chapter said that south korea has made little improvement in transparency , citing that the country ranked nd out of countries last year .
asked which country is most favorable to the reunification of the long divided peninsula , china topped with . percent . japan ranked last place with . percent .
and today we re witnessing the beginning of an exciting new era in its history .
the scandal involving former president bill clinton and lewinsky , first broke in the national media on january , .
and every immigrant , by embracing these ideals , makes our country more , not less , american .
wall st . sinks after record lows in asia
he says it shouldn t disqualify him to head the treasury department , which includes the irs .
liechtensteiners seem pretty easygoing about these things women didn t claim the right to vote until and accepted his demands .
actress emma watson , who plays harry s bookish friend hermione , said that friendship was behind one of her favorite scenes in the movie where the three young wizards talk about harry s first kiss .
the united states , far from complying with the six party commission s agreements , has continued to impose unilateral sanctions sending the talks to a standstill and dragging the situation to an unpredictable point , he charged .
investigators working with campus officials were eventually able to determine that the threat had come from the computer registered to huerta , police said .
former prime minister alain juppe , a close chirac ally , was convicted in the case in and given a month suspended prison sentence and a yearlong ban from politics .
the officers will be stationed in seine saint denis , north east of paris .
civilian deaths have also dropped in recent months , u . s . and iraqi authorities say .
a papal spokesman issued a clarification after gay rights campaigners responded angrily to the remarks .
the project , which has a budget of million , will enable the space frontier foundation to send teachers a year four from every u . s . state
it also controls the ability of t cells to recognize invaders in the body and helps prevent t cells from attacking healthy body tissues .
the ministry has proposed a maximum of , students in the first year of implementation with a gradual increase to , by .
international observers declared the elections a success , despite violence that left three people dead one of them a candidate gunned down in front of a polling station .
but it says it is trying to draft a list of agreed principles to give new life to the deadlocked diplomacy .
vice finance minister chin dong soo yesterday voiced grave concerns about the pace of the won s gain against the u . s . dollar and japanese yen .
the us also produced the most carbon in total , followed by china . the carbon monitoring for action carma website is the first global inventory of emissions and looks at , power stations .
hundreds of people gathered at munsan station to cheer the five carriage train as it set off on the km trip to kaesong , across the heavily armed border .
the french design has so far only been tested in animals , and now needs approval from its authorities before pushing ahead with clinical trials .
while the skull is platinum and the diamonds flawless and ethically sourced , hirst stressed the teeth are real .
the benchmark kospi shed . points , or . percent , to close at , . , after staying above , for about a week .
protecting the american people was the no . job of a president and mccain understood that , bush said .
the korea times reports no government officials on thursday dared to officially confirm even whether christopher hill , top u . s . envoy to the six party denuclearization talks , held a meeting with his north korean counterpart kim gye gwan in beijing on wednesday .
cannavaro was first taken to a hospital in moedling , then he was transferred to the larger vienna akh facility for further tests .
media reports said the men were planning attacks against a us military base in ramstein and frankfurt airport .
washington cnn as president bush prepared tuesday to head to israel and the west bank for the first time as commander in chief , he called a confrontation between u . s . navy warships and iranian boats in the strait of hormuz a provocative act .
madonna , who turned earlier this year , was previously married to u . s . actor sean penn from to .
the legal representatives of the victims said they are preparing to issue a petition to the constitutional court , claiming that some emergency decrees announced under the yushin constitution , enforced by president park in , are unconstitutional .
with days until election day , long brewing tensions between gop vice presidential candidate gov . sarah palin and key aides to sen . john mccain have become so intense , they are spilling out in public , sources say .
they re especially scathing about spending measures that they say are wasteful , and in any event won t kick in for many months .
sanaa , yemen cnn a housing complex used by foreigners in yemen s capital came under attack late sunday , with explosives shattering windows but causing no injuries , u . s . and yemeni officials said .
between the junta and suu kyi to start without delay as an indispensable part of any process of national reconciliation , as well as a lifting of restrictions on suu kyi and all political prisoners , the statement said .
seoul welcomes the deal , but spokesman cheon ho sun cautioned that many details must still be worked out and the aid workers will not be released immediately .
yet as peanuts and avocados sat languishing on many people s bad for you lists , researchers discovered that the fat in these two foods , mostly the monounsaturated kind , is extremely good for the heart and for health in general .
he was the only astronaut who flew in three of the nation s pioneering space programs mercury , gemini and apollo .
for six weeks , senator obama and i have criss crossed this state meeting people up close , being judged side by side , making our best case , she said to cheering supporters . you listened and today you chose .
tropical storms and typhoons often strike vietnam from august to october .
the army documents show that since the company entered agreements with the u . s . government that totaled about million .
he s apparently all right , but the vice president has had to cancel a campaign appearance today because of a recurring heart problem .
henry said the parts were s technology , designed for use with minuteman ballistic missiles .
he has been finance minister since .
the exchange bid collapsed , however , after the colombian president accused chavez of breaking an agreement .
broken windows . . . were all that resulted from the projectiles attack , the official said , speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not allowed to speak to the media . no one was injured , he added .
i accept the people s reprimand of the party that was expressed in the elections in a prudent and humble manner , chung said in a press conference .
putin used a live russian tv and radio broadcast to criticize u . s . policy in iraq , which he said was aimed in part at seizing oil reserves .
the turkish media said up to planes were used .
de niro lampoons hollywood in new comedy
summers , who lost out to geithner for the treasury post , is expected to be the top economic adviser in the obama white house , two sources close to the transition said saturday .
a new report shows international terrorism killed people in .
originally considered the diet of the poor , who didn t have much money to buy meat , the mediterranean diet is rich in fruits , vegetables , nuts , cereals , whole grains , fish and olive oil .
he says there are so many rabbits they threaten to permanently damage the island s sensitive vegetation and its historical buildings .
surveillance cameras have now been installed at the natanz nuclear facilities , making it possible for the international atomic energy agency to monitor natanz nuclear site thoroughly , iran s state run news agency irna reported .
the complaints nearly echo those north korea made before the film s debut .
fallout this weekend over a black congressman criticizing the increasingly angry tone of some white supporters at mccain rallies .
paramount s tale of a giant reptile causing chaos in new york city surpassed the . million premiere weekend of the star wars special edition in , the previous best for january .
investigators earlier said at least one of the boxes was sent for analysis to the united states national transportation safety board , which is aiding the investigation .
john mccain , with little republican opposition , focused on the november presidential election on sunday while democrats barack obama and hillary clinton prepared for their next big fight in wisconsin .
syria said it thursday planned to pull back more troops to eastern lebanon in line with a year old agreement and lebanon s defense minister said troops would be on the move soon .
the bill also envisages convictions ranging from one year imprisonment to a death sentence for the main distributors of the movies and also producers of web sites in which the pornographic works appear .
your laptop computer may contain your financial records , your e mail with your friends and your family and your co workers , records of the web sites you visit , confidential business information , hoffman says .
blunt s office said tens of thousands of people were without power in central , southwest and northeast missouri .
the admission by the nia followed a three year report into the past conduct of the kcia , and the agency expressed deep regret for its involvement .
they said none of the five family members at the house purportedly ever noticed the woman was pregnant .
he was an admirer of scowcroft long before running or even needing to select a secretary of defense , the obama aide said .
a criminal investigation began in june into the killing of the family of four in their home in mahmudiya , south of baghdad , in march .
he registered himself with an organ donation agency a few years ago with family s consent , the brother said .
but the merseysiders have a superb recent record in the champions league they won it in and lost to ac milan in the final last year and once again proved the masters with torres outstanding .
but the key question remains
kerviel , , is implicated in what may be the largest securities fraud case against an individual .
the dow is down points .
manage the kind of economic miracles achieved in other parts of asia , they seem likely to do it the south east asian way .
if you have a flu like illness or a bad headache following swimming in a freshwater body and the temperature is over degrees fahrenheit , be aware of this .
local media reported that police found several mobile phones inside the cage , as well as bricks , stones and beer cans .
it is unfortunate that north korea has not yet met its commitments by providing a complete and correct declaration of its nuclear programs and slowing down the process of disablement , state department spokesman tom casey said in a written statement sunday evening .
and predominantly adversarial
the mehdi army which supports radical shia cleric moqtada al sadr has threatened a nationwide campaign of civil disobedience .
the ldp has been hit by a series of ministerial gaffes and scandals since abe took office months ago .
his representatives say that those advisors can just turn around and give the information to him .
hong kong is the second hardest hit place after mainland china , which has reported some cases and deaths .
dennis crider , a journalist for the west plains quill , told cnn the fatality was a year old girl in the small community of caulfield .
what you saw was what you got , whether he was high commissioner in delhi or running the legendary bees . . .
the aim of the iraqi and u . s . forces this time is to establish a permanent iraqi military presence in the town so it can withstand any insurgent attacks .
they re technically free to vote for whomever they wish , but you can bet obama will come away with enough votes to be sworn in as the th president of the united states in january th .
police and other afghan security officials are commonly targeted by insurgents because they are seen as tools of the u . s . backed government of president hamid karzai .
the spacecraft had just re entered the atmosphere and had reached the point at which it was subjected to the highest temperatures .
president roh moo hyun has expressed strong opposition to the possible imposition of sanctions or military strikes against north korea , stressing that the current standoff over the north s nuclear weapons program should be resolved peacefully through the six party dialogue .
affected visitors are not permitted to stay in the country for more than three months .
truck drivers had defied a government order wednesday to halt what they had said would be a five day strike .
most of the time he busy , so busy , all the day he s busy with his friends . he was working a lot .
brown wouldn t name the witness , or describe lauterbach s cause of death , except to say she died from an injury .
that made the editor of glamour magazine email the new york times and say oh , my god , the first lady has bare arms in congress , in february , at night !
hospital spokesman eurice rojas said late tuesday that employees were suspended for a month without pay , after an internal investigation .
but we will not raise taxes .
cui recommends you instead soak up the atmosphere in the art district in the city s eastern dashanzi neighborhood .
brancato said he knew the owner of the home , and that he and friend steven armento , , were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium .
the runner up was hardcore conservative lee hoi chang , whose support rate stood at . percent , followed by liberal candidate chung dong young s . percent .
the korea times reports kim kyung joon , the former head of the investment firm bbk , denied all allegations monday that he orchestrated stock manipulation and embezzled company money .
beginning next week , a unicef team will travel to abeche , adre and tine to facilitate reuniting the girls and boys , aged to , with their families .
the international atomic energy agency is slated to monitor and verify the shutdown in what would be its first visit since late , when north korea expelled iaea inspectors after u . s . officials accused the communist nation of running a secret uranium enrichment program in violation of a disarmament deal .
it is also said to be capable of carrying up to a kiloton nuclear warhead .
he ended that strip in and the same year began the sunday only strip outland , which he quit in .
the country s foreign ministry described the resolution as the product of a hostile american policy and said pyongyang would not be bound by it .
the humpback hunt is the first since a mid s global ban and has drawn strong protests from environmentalists .
the lg economic research institute , a think tank affiliated with korea s no .
about , customers so far .
i thought nick was hilarious , so i didn t know what was going to happen .
parviz khan , basiru gassama , mohammed irfan , and hamid elasmar entered their pleas several weeks ago , but the media were restricted from reporting the matter until tuesday , when two other men went on trial alongside the four .
ms macklin said that the content of the apology had been determined after wide consultation with aboriginal leaders .
he said that the behavior was learned and that the new research doesn t prove otherwise .
the declining u . s . dollar and speculation that the u . s . federal reserve will again cut interest rates also boosted prices .
last month , chen guangcheng , who had campaigned against forced sterilization and abortion , was jailed for public order offenses .
environmental groups such as friends of the earth say that international governments should hold the aviation industry accountable for the amount of co they produce each year , and point to instances like this to show that airlines should pay a fuel tax to rein them in .
months later he followed .
on tuesday hamas overran fatah positions in northern gaza and declared all villages and towns north of gaza city including beit hanoun , beit lahiya and the jabaliya refugee camp a closed military area .
the us and japan have also pledged to begin talks with north korea on building closer ties .
separately , the human rights watch organization has accused the burmese army of forcibly recruiting children to cover gaps of adult recruits .
the medical examiner s office said an autopsy would be carried out on wednesday .
the chance that your phone will work are best if your carrier is t mobile usa or at t inc . , but check your manual or the carrier s web site to see if you have a world phone .
israel rejects the attempt by terrorist elements to ascribe to it any involvement whatsoever in this incident , israeli prime minister ehud olmert said in a statement .
dr . brown said scientists believe that when you fall in love , the ventral tegmental floods the caudate with dopamine .
a millennium ago , chefs began to experiment with a wider variety of vegetables , including oriental parsley and indian mustard leaf .
they reportedly took him away in a boat intending to kill him .
kerr was active until the mid s , with the assam garden , hold the dream and reunion at fairborough all in .
alerts involved everything from tall apartment buildings to the statue of liberty to scuba divers and subways .
extraterrestrial gasses have been trapped on earth for millions of years by complex molecular structures known as buckyballs , scientists reported this week .
exxon mobil charts , fortune no . , fueled by high crude prices , was again the most profitable company in the world . billion .
earlier thursday , lesley douglas , controller of bbc radio , music and popular music , stood down from her role and offered a personal apology to sachs and his family and to the audience for what has happened , the bbc said .
john armitt , the chairman of the olympic delivery authority , told a british parliamentary committee that the . billion pound . b euro . b fund set aside for budget overspend may not be enough .
however , considering the high profile stem cell scandal , the prosecution will consult with scientists about the conclusion before announcing the investigation results , according to the kbs news .
treasury secretary henry paulson said americans are by nature impatient people gutierrez described the need to make progress in all areas as soon as possible .
speaking in the house of commons , brown said britain plans to move from leading iraqi troops into an overwatch role in the next two months and then reduce the numbers from , to , immediately after provincial iraqi control , and then to , .
lee is the first south korean president to be invited to camp david , and the visit , under picture perfect blue skies , was evidence of bush s hope that u . s . korean relations will get even stronger under the new leader .
envoys from the eu s nations reached a basic political understanding on the new deal , which was struck wednesday by eu and u . s . negotiators , the diplomats said .
two people died tuesday when thai police clashed with thousands of anti government protesters who barricaded parliament and prevented lawmakers from leaving .
the fishermen then tried to sell the body of the ganges river dolphin as a rare fish .
mexico is bracing for another hit from hurricane dean .
police say they do not have comprehensive statistics about the number of victims .
this morning , visibility was zero .
i think projects find me .
but by afternoon trading , even jittery investors in japan were beginning to feel the market had overcompensated , says tomochika kitaoka , equity strategist at mizuho securities co . in tokyo .
during all three of her visits , spears rarely engaged with the children in either conversation or play , hacker said in her report .
london , england cnn former georgian opposition leader and billionaire businessman badri patarkatsishvili died of natural causes , british police said thursday .
about people , mostly foreigners , were on board the plane .
there are currently , us troops in iraq .
london , england cnn britain s prince charles has converted his year old aston martin to run on biofuel made from surplus wine , his office said tuesday .
bush and secretary of state condoleezza rice have pledged a robust verification process to double check north korea s claims . and north korea has promised to allow u . s . inspectors access to the yongbyon facility and to interview its nuclear experts .
the doctors have advised me that i should take a couple of days off and recuperate so that i am able to be percent for the start of the australian open .
his comrades stand shoulder to shoulder with us , dadullah said , referring to al qaeda fighters . we also go to the battlefield together .
she is years old .
putin , whose approval ratings top percent , has promised to respect the constitution , which bans him running for a third consecutive four year term .
this is not just religious ritual .
this was a safe house where the leader of hamas avoids assassination attempts .
a key issue separating the men was the iraq war .
ten years out , everyone will be using a flat panel screen , typically inches diagonally , but it will sport a built in digital camera for full motion videoconferencing .
clinton said mccain s plan does virtually nothing to ease the credit crisis or the housing crisis .
at , feet , the matterhorn is not even the highest mountain in switzerland but it surely is the most photogenic , rising up on four elegant faces to a craggy peak along the swiss italian border .
earlier in the day , the police retrieved all weapons he used to murder the marine and severely injure another .
there s a good chance voters in texas , ohio , rhode island and vermont will make the difference in deciding the democratic and republican presidential nominees .
almost years into this epidemic , it s disturbing that people think you could still get it from casual contact .
it s a remarkable prospect , but sadly one that is highly unlikely , says exhibition co curator robin cormack .
any doubt over the tactics quito would use against the champions league winners were dispelled inside the opening five minutes when claudio bieler waded into ronaldo with a dangerous tackle that brought a yellow card .
karzai , who has accused musharraf of ignoring the insurgents hiding in pakistan s northern periphery , offered tepid praise sunday for the neighboring head of state .
but the prospect of a slowing u . s . economy and weak demand at home overshadowed any optimism for the months ahead .
hop on , which hopes to sell the phones at major retailers , corner stores and gas stations , said it received a go ahead from the u . s .
in addition to the fact that he was allegedly attempting to sell a u . s .
the impact would be quite tremendous .
seoul has been opposed to any operation , which may threaten the korean abductees .
cnn s aneesh raman said a lebanese helicopter was also seen flying near the edge of the camp , but reports that the aircraft opened fire could not be confirmed .
no injuries , deaths or damage were immediately reported , said manny torres of the national disaster coordinating center in manila , philippines .
two other police officers in edgware , north london , reported seeing an object in the sky in june .
chung has emphasized that seoul played a leading role throughout the process of resolving the nuclear crisis .
mccormack said the three all support the efforts to find a diplomatic resolution to all the various issues involving iran in the international system .
he will receive the actual payment in about days .
chicago , illinois cnn an ambitious plan to blanket the city with wireless broadband internet will be shelved because it is too costly and too few residents would use it , chicago officials said tuesday .
i ve never seen any hard evidence that the
six years have passed , and our place is still by your side .
i ve been hearing about these songs for years , and now i ll actually get to hear them for myself ! yea ! ! ! ! ! !
beverly willis , co founder of a community group called rebuild downtown our town , said great architecture requires a great client .
two hundreds miles above central asia , the skies are visibly calmer as polar mesospheric clouds are captured on film .
he said that during their meeting , he explained to bush what was happening in tibet and said he thanked the president for showing his concern about tibet .
when jobs dry up in an area conventionally americans move to other places where jobs are , and most research indicates that one of the problems in some of our inner city areas is that when the jobs dried up in those areas , the people did not move on , even among blacks .
it s clear proof of political discrimination , student leader stalin gonzalez said .
most creative , most inspirational , best series , best comedy , musician of the year , best commentary and most adorable video ever .
tokyo cnn japanese police arrested a year old man monday for allegedly threatening on the internet to go on a stabbing spree at tokyo disneyland .
britain lowered its threat level from its highest level critical to severe wednesday , saying the threat of a terrorist attack was no longer imminent .
store manager darcy rogers said everything was selected with winfrey s style and taste in mind .
american soldiers discovered a girls school being built north of baghdad had become an explosives rigged death trap , the u . s . military said thursday .
to persuade another company to produce the instant film .
airbus is seeking to recoup its losses by cutting , jobs and spinning off or closing six of its european manufacturing plants .
other ministers at the hastily convened opec meeting in cairo have not entirely ruled out future production cuts .
there s desperation and fear in pakistani hospitals and refugee camps , as fighting rages in the country s swat valley .
president mwai kibaki was facing a challenge from opposition leader raila odinga , a flamboyant politician who for weeks has accused his rival of corruption .
the students said they fear civil liberties would be severely weakened under the constitutional changes .
lohan was silent for a moment , then replied she does , no , she s amazing .
hand foot mouth has no relation to the foot and mouth disease that affects farm animals .
but a feud between obasanjo and vice president atiku abubakar has heightened tensions .
because the , pound satellite malfunctioned immediately after launch in december , it has a full tank of fuel .
nine of american workers are losing sleep over financial worries , according to a survey released monday by a company that helps workers deal with wellness issues .
the korea herald reports the government will put on the market , new apartment units in pangyo simultaneously in november to prevent overheated competition for the units among buyers , shifting from its initial plan to divide the sale into four rounds over the next two years .
president bill clinton s south asian tour took him to rural india on thursday , where he heard about efforts to bring equality to women in traditional , male dominated villages .
the joong ang ilbo reports that in an effort to sidestep a constitutional court ruling halting the transfer of korea s administrative capital , leaders of the governing uri party have backed a proposal by assemblymen from the chungcheong provinces that largely revives the plan to move the national government out of seoul .
trade representative susan schwab , signed the agreement with over government officials and business leaders attending the formal ceremony in washington d . c .
after the ceremony , harry and his comrades marched across windsor from their barracks to a church for a thanksgiving service .
the princess s last moments , including a picture of her receiving oxygen from a french doctor , although with her face blanked out .
home prices are expected to fall around .
dengue fever , the more common form of dengue , is caused by four closely related viruses .
it will be the first child for the year old australian actress and her musician husband , dave galafassi .
and think of your mini task as a chance to renew , not another thing on your to do list .
odyssey is also recording data on radiation in low orbit around mars , to determine any radiation related risk to future human explorers .
washington cnn al qaeda is still operating within pakistan s mountainous tribal region bordering afghanistan , and the united states lacks a comprehensive plan for meetings its national security goals there , said a u . s . government study released thursday .
because hydroponic farming requires less water and less land than traditional field farming , fujimoto and researchers turned growers in other u . s . cities see it as ideal to bring agriculture to apartment buildings , rooftops and vacant lots .
a slap on the wrist
the producers statement sunday evening said the decision to extend the show cancellations through november was out of respect for our public and our loyal theatergoers , many of whom are traveling from around the world .
ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra says he will plead innocent when he appears in the supreme court on wednesday in one of two corruption cases against him .
the conclusions , while widely expected , were important because they could serve as the trigger for the council to start deliberating on new sanctions meant to punish tehran for its nuclear intransigence .
north korea still has difficulty admitting things publicly , hill said . we still have to deal with the proliferation issue and the heu highly enriched uranium program , but it is very important to get a plutonium declaration that is not only accurate but is completely verifiable .
i fired many times , i don t know how many times , said the guard , who was back on duty tuesday in his uniform .
although andriy shevchenko was on target for the ukraine , with a nd minute equalizer , two goals from antonio di natale gave italy an important victory .
los angeles county superior court judge gerald rosenberg s ruling on wednesday extended a restraining order issued last month barring simpson from spending any earnings from past deals , including books , films and sports memorabilia .
toyota will also open a new plant in china soon to meet surging demand .
the news came after putin got a message of greeting from yamashita during an opening ceremony at toyota motor corp . s new assembly plant near his hometown of st . petersburg .
yes , according to one conservative interpretation of the constitution . article , section of the constitution says the following
after five hours , six investigators left the compound carrying four large manila envelopes , two laptop computer cases and a tool box .
the girl , lakshmi , is named after the four armed hindu goddess of wealth , and some in her poor village in the northern state of bihar revere her as a goddess .
the arrest last week of year old staff sgt . tyrone luther hadnott in the alleged rape of a year old girl in okinawa has sparked outrage in japan , which is host to some , u . s . troops under a security treaty .
he s throwing his support behind merit pay for the best teachers
the outflow has been accelerating yearly , especially since the roh moo hyun administration took office in february th .
citing an official in washington , the report said the u . s . government has begun a review of several north korean accounts at the bda following a recent seoul government intelligence report that said the accounts appear to contain legitimate funds .
the union represents , property persons , stage and studio electricians , set carpenters , sound designers , audio technicians , moving light operators , riggers and special effects people in new york .
tymoshenko , smiling triumphantly after the exit polls were announced , said she would meet with yushchenko on monday to quickly formalize their new alliance .
they have returned to their home in britain .
today s korea times reports the taliban , who have taken koreans hostage since thursday in afghanistan , killed one sick male captive wednesday .
but dozens of aircraft were grounded , diverted or turned back , causing chaos for thousands of travelers , particularly at auckland international airport , miles north of the eruption .
in the mid s , the north created a free economic zone close to the northeastern border with russia that foreign investors avoided because it lacked infrastructure .
i know where the president stands , and i know where i stand , and those are the people who speak for american policy , she said .
shoes designed for walking are best .
the old and new wings of the grand national party are back at each other s throats after the party announced its candidates for assembly districts in gyeonggi province and jeju , eliminating five incumbent lawmakers .
the vote was held three years ahead of schedule after the collapse of romano prodi s centre left coalition .
trials of serbs in serbia have only become possible since the ouster of president slobodan milosevic .
after a warning flare was fired , one of the small boats continued to approach the ship , prompting the u . s . forces on board to fire two sets of warning shots which landed
a small tsunami was detected in padang , on sumatra several hundred miles northeast of the epicenter according to the pacific tsunami warning center .
i have a lot to weigh
it took a look at the lapd s reports off pedestrian and motor vehicle stops since july of to june of .
the new main entrance to kyongbok palace will be moved . meters to the south and rotated . degrees clockwise to its original position .
seattle , washington cnn faced with growing competition from cheaper rivals , starbucks corp . is selling small cups of drip coffee for with free refills as part of a test in its hometown .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
subcontractors went on strike and occupied the automaker s main plant south of seoul on thursday , causing a loss of , produced cars worth billion won million , the company said yesterday .
according to the minneapolis riverfront district web site , the steel arch bridge was opened in .
grand national party gnp presidential candidate lee myung bak will face reinvestigation of his alleged involvement in a financial scam in after the national assembly passed a bill monday to introduce a special prosecutor .
the health ministry said about pilgrims , many who were elderly , have died of natural causes since arriving .
same sex marriage rallies stretch across nation
his vision also includes a transcontinental natural gas pipeline and trade alliances .
industrial production fell . percent in february to a nearly year low due to slower export growth and fewer working days , the korea herald quoted the national statistical office as saying yesterday .
australia has been a steadfast ally to the bush administration in the war on terrorism .
korea showed weak performance by ranking th in labor relations , th in caps on foreigners investment in the stock market and th in bureaucratic processes needed for business startups .
espanyol had not lost since a defeat to recreativo huelva at the end of september but an th minute goal from kalu uche ended that run .
there s no doubt about some others attending tomorrow s big event
libya also enjoyed its highest level contact between the two countries thursday , in a meeting between u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice and libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalqam .
the head of vietnam s ruling communist party will visit seoul this week amid burgeoning bilateral trade and investment from which south korea has emerged as the biggest foreign investor in the communist state .
the u . s . navy in late october came to the aid of the vessel , with the guided missile destroyer uss porter at one point opening fire to destroy pirate skiffs tied to it . the pirates , though , remained aboard the tanker .
we felt the earthquake in jakarta , it was pretty strong and went on for at least a minute , quiano said .
pilots and flight attendants in four major trade unions are protesting the contracts through a work to rule action
the florida highway patrol is investigating the crash and the role of smoke from the fire that started as a controlled burn and grew out of control .
universal studios hollywood unveiled a live sea war show to coincide with the opening of the film waterworld .
general motors president fritz henderson says they are taking steps needed to stay in business , including cutting the size of the company
heavy drinkers were one and a half times more likely than non drinkers to suffer from vascular dementia caused by blocked or narrowed blood vessels in the brain , and slightly more likely to develop alzheimer s .
zhu said the government is aiming for percent economic growth this year .
police say the couple lives close to the fitness center where the boy turned up monday afternoon .
defeat on the final day of the bundesliga season saw leverkusen slip to seventh in the standings and miss out on a place in the uefa cup .
those that come here who are skinny , they know they want to go international .
the prize money hadn t been finalized at press time , but x prize officials are discussing figures in the million range as an appropriate incentive .
his wife , jin jin sook , is said to have made a profit of more than billion won buying and selling farm land .
the five had not been seen since disappearing april in afghanistan s southwestern nimroz province .
the u . n . educational , scientific and cultural organization has designated virunga national park as a world heritage site .
diana s stepmother , raine , countess spencer , testified that she also doubted the couple were engaged but thought it highly likely that the relationship could have progressed to marriage .
ramstein air base is located in western germany in rhineland palatinate state and is a major transit point for the u . s . military into the middle east and central asia .
while on tour in europe last month , lee said , the whole world knows the grand national party is bad , and if the grand national party takes power , history will roll backwards .
we d like to do the same thing with solar storms , kaiser said . we aren t quite there yet .
jon , the plan is for a car czar to oversee billion in emergency loans .
actors always want to play the villain role at least once in their life . i had a good time because i could finally realize a full range of expressions and emotions , he told cnn .
a weeklong standoff between pakistani security forces and the students has left at least people dead .
obviously , iran isn t a superpower and doesn t possess the military power the soviet union had , but that does not mean that the threat posed by iran is insignificant .
my democrat opponents , who want to pull out of iraq , refuse to understand what s being said . . . the central battleground is iraq in this struggle against radical islamic extremism , he said .
it s the phillies against the rays in the world series , opening tonight under the dome of tropicana field .
it was not immediately clear whether fujimori would be eligible to register as a candidate .
the grouping has also criticized israel s action in lebanon and called for a tough stance on the issue .
cnn a strike by construction workers in one of the world s fastest growing financial centers stretched into a third day monday , with workers in the united arab emirates demanding better pay and working conditions , police said .
israel will call up , reserve soldiers , defense minister ehud barak said during the weekly cabinet meeting .
in fact , airport officials say travel is down .
the walls of the tunnel made of ashlar stones feet deep reach a height of feet in some places and are covered by heavy stone slabs that were the road s paving stones , shukron said .
to force vice president dick cheney to release information about the enron task force the general accounting office , the investigative arm of congress , has said it wants to know several things about the closed door meetings , including the names of enron executives who attended , when and where the meetings were held and how much they cost .
roh also asked political parties and the media not to suspect his goodwill for the proposed south korea u . s .
tens of thousands of additional deaths from a super staph , an apocalypse bug no drug can defeat .
the plane , which had been taxiing with journalists and vip guests on board , suffered minor damage , delaying its planned flight to the northern thai city of chiang mai by just over three hours , they said . there were no injuries .
in a written statement , u . s . president george w . bush said he is happy about his ally s new area of responsibility .
the academy awards opened with host jon stewart joking about the writers strike that ended last week .
there is enough crude in the market , gholam hossein nozari , iran s acting oil minister , told reporters .
last month s minute audio message titled come to jihad
that lead is point lager than it was in wednesday s poll of polls .
before i answer the question , obama said , i just want to know
just yesterday , the illinois governor was standing up for laid off workers who were staging a sit in at a chicago factory .
earlier , deputy prime minister mehmet ali sahin said ordinary turks and ak party officials favored gul s candidacy , fueling expectations that prime minister tayyip erdogan s government will defy the army generals after its re election .
the un s international atomic energy agency iaea reached a deal in august with iran , according to which tehran would answer outstanding questions as part of a four year probe into its nuclear drive .
the mehdi army is the militia of the populist anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
fox debuted on the annual list in at no . and ranked at no . in .
unlike many of obama s campaign events where he generally appears onstage backed by an overflow crowd of supporters this time obama took the stage alone , backed by a row of u . s . flags .
the suspect , who was not identified , was charged with distributing pornography at his arrest on tuesday , and released on his own recognizance pending further investigation .
to allow such a move , the japanese government has begun steps to revise the country s pacifist constitution .
now he s turned his hand to writing .
the winter storm china s worst in years has already been blamed for the deaths of at least people around the country , including who died when a bus plunged off a slippery mountain road in the southwestern guizhou province .
the british man who reappeared five years after he was believed to have drowned , appeared in court monday , and his wife was charged with two counts of deception .
and december and las vegas , nevada , december .
i withdrew from the case because i was scared , she told the sunday times and the daily mail newspapers . the case began three weeks ago in london s blackfriars court but the judge issued a gag order that shielded al sanussi s nationality and all but silenced any coverage of the case .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has said washington is reviewing the aid which it gives to pakistan in the wake of gen musharraf s decision .
obama won the wyoming caucuses saturday , where he picked up seven delegates . clinton won five delegates .
the journalists were identified as nusrat javed and mushtaq minaz .
malaysian police have arrested a man who practiced as a dentist for years although he had no medical training and treated patients at his home in a cast off examining chair .
obama denied accusing her of racism .
in addition to cameroon , wolfe has teams in the democratic republic of congo , china , malaysia , madagascar and laos .
it is the strongest level for the local currency since oct .
and black voters make up nearly percent of registered democrats .
but it was the chinese newspaper that led to his capture .
three children have been hospitalized over the past days after swallowing beads from bindeez , named australia s toy of the year at an industry function earlier this year .
gaumer said most national parks have some accessible facilities , but the information has never been compiled in one place before .
but i do tell my mother there are other things she can do , says london , who s studied the brain and aging . i tell her to go out and do things and see people every day and be active .
supporters argue that the unthinkable devastation from the detonation of a nuclear device in an american port makes it imperative to scan cargo before it reaches u . s . shores . as a compromise , it was agreed that the homeland security secretary can extend the five year deadline for percent scanning in two year increments if necessary .
the sender of the fax was named family of kim kyung joon . her brother kim kyung joon was arrested sunday after being extradited from the u . s . to seoul , on charges of stock manipulation and embezzling corporate funds while running bbk and optional ventures korea .
they have abandoned their responsibilities , acting like boys instead of men . and the foundations of our families are weaker because of it , the democratic presidential candidate said sunday at a largely black church in his hometown .
the move followed pressure from beijing , which believes the material is too sensitive and could lead to social unrest , according to the uk s financial times .
local human rights group karapatan has accused security forces of carrying out most of the extrajudicial killings since , when president gloria macapagal arroyo took power , including the deaths of left wing activists .
according to the international labor organization , koreans work , hours a year , compared with , for americans and , for the japanese .
they saw for the first time galaxies forming at the dawn of time , thanks to pictures taken by the hubble space telescope .
a made of sugar replica of the queen s coronation rose graced the cake .
reaction by some muslims illustrates the sometimes uneasy relationship between the two faiths , according to copts who say their identity as egyptians and their contributions are not adequately recognized .
the president said korea will have an image problem overseas if the daughter of a dictator park chung hee were elected as president .
soon to be jailed celebrity socialite nicole richie said she is pregnant by her boyfriend , singer joel madden of the rock band good charlotte .
russia has said its constitution does not allow extraditing its citizens to foreign countries and putin has called the request stupid , reuters reported .
administration officials say gm is being given days to restructure chrysler is getting days to completely join forces with fiat of italy .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
if that had not been the sequence of events , i might have demanded face to face meetings with her , condon said . but i honestly don t think it would have changed her mind .
i knew i had to be aggressive from the beginning and that s what i tried to do , said ivanovic .
but the fortune turned bitter sweet .
the navy divers will use sonar to scan for bodies , while the fbi team will carry out forensic investigations .
the magnitude earthquake on august leveled most of pisco , a port city miles southeast of lima , killing at least people , injuring , and destroying , homes .
google , the world s foremost search engine , may face a lawsuit in korea regarding its offering of online news search services without the permission of newspapers .
the asteroid , spotted by an arizona observatory only monday afternoon , will burn up in the upper atmosphere at about p . m . et
the university denounced the video as a gross violation of human dignity and said thursday it has officially reported the matter to the director of public prosecution , a statement on its web site said .
a journey through fatherhood and divorce st . martin s press , about the psychological toll of divorce , as well as the much debated concept of parental alienation .
bruce burger , , was trying to retrieve his ball monday from a pond on the sixth hole at the lake venice golf club .
but i think there was such an appreciation with any of the disney cartoons , because they only came on once a year .
the men in his family are prone to heart attacks , and his grandfather died of one at age .
the rally began at p . m . and continued through the evening without any clashes .
u . s . in the midst of a credit tsunami , says greenspan
an anti terror bill has been passed in the philippines aimed at tackling militants in the south .
bush will name zoellick on wednesday , and expects the bank s board to accept him , an aide told reuters .
he was adamant that there was an occasion when he was being tortured , in tier a , when she was present and watching and laughing as he was being tortured .
its first quarter earnings reported in september show sales in china jumped percent .
if you put ify or icate on anything , that s a bushism , he says .
burck lawsuit against mars inc . and chute gerdeman inc . alleges they infringed on his trademark and violated his privacy when after they released ads showing a guitar playing m m dressed in burck s trademarked white cowboy hat , white cowboy boots and white underpants .
prior to the vote , riot police kept rival demonstrators apart as they hurled insults at each other outside the assembly building .
this is very special for me it culminates an astonishing year for me , kaka said .
meanwhile police have found the body of a german man kidnapped a day earlier , but it is still not clear how he died .
in a report released thursday titled cooking the climate , greenpeace also said only a third of the land cleared since has been planted with oil palm plantations . greenpeace said large food and consumer product companies including unilever , nestle ,
hundreds of police reserves have been called into islamabad ahead of sharif s arrival , police sources said .
children threw snowballs on slushy streets , and weather reports topped local newscasts , eclipsing an upcoming government report on the war in lebanon that could pressure prime minister ehud olmert to resign .
it s a great pleasure to be here at camp david because there s so much history associated with it , brown told bush as the leaders exchanged small talk .
you need to decide which side of the cross you re on , he warns ferris .
a sunni insurgent group on monday posted video of the military identification cards of two missing american soldiers in iraq .
nature was very kind to us , angelopoulos said .
and yes , where the beer is brewed rises from the forested foothills of the craggy range that forms the border with montenegro .
it was followed by a third bomb in the garage a few minutes after that . ambulances and police raced to the scene .
a justice department lawyer had argued that federal authorities couldn t be held responsible for the results of a state prosecution and had no duty to share information with the officials who prosecuted limone , salvati , henry tameleo and louis greco .
haneef is one of six indian doctors questioned in australia over the suspected al qaeda linked plot in britain .
the voters of our country today elected a new government and the results of these elections are clear the voter opted for a different majority , verhofstadt said .
but at the moment i have heard no action , or no decision as to whether or not any sort of halt would be done this time around during this research season , he said .
he said afghan children are receiving medical care and vaccinations that they would not have received before the ouster of the taliban , but there is a lot more work to be done .
he urged all parties to recommit to a peaceful resolution to the conflict and to prepare for peace talks in libya in october .
the incident follows a string of high profile dismemberments in japan .
an australian couple has hopefully learned to keep cocaine away from their cat .
he said the group will continue to do movies , including one on democratic presidential candidate sen . barack obama . and of course will want to market them .
the military did not specify exactly where the rescue took place or how far the crew had to fly to reach safety .
cambodia s first rock opera hopes its stage will be a bridge
the prospect of fielding a joint north and south korean soccer team for the world cup in germany will be discussed during a visit to seoul later this month by sepp blatter , the president of the international football federation association , or fifa .
the federal government charged five alleged islamic radicals with plotting to kill u . s . soldiers at fort dix in new jersey .
suicide blast
we overcame all those terrorists who were willing to destroy our country , prime minister fouad siniora said in a televised address to the nation .
while being scanned , the students looked at a photo of their beloved .
the announcement thursday marked a reversal of a government order in september that froze prices of gasoline and other basic consumer goods in an effort to rein in rising inflation .
last week , countries and nongovernmental agencies signed a treaty to do more to free current and potential child soldiers from peril .
exiled korean singer yoo seung jun is attempting to make a comeback in korea .
blanche danick may be years old , but she s pretty hip .
i don t think the royal family themselves are that snobbish . but i think william s friends certainly are .
once called the first dweller in the electronic cottage , his vision of future space travel and computing captured the popular imagination .
scores of peer reviewed scientific studies have documented a steady , worldwide decline in ice cover , from the sea bound ice covering the north pole to the vast , land based ice sheets that cover the antarctic continent . glaciers , from greenland to the alps to mount kilimanjaro near the equator , also have been vanishing .
the nine who have been questioned are not allowed to leave the country until the investigation is over .
new york cnn the new york city board of health voted unanimously tuesday to require all city chain restaurants to post calorie data on their menus .
the prosecution raided the home and office of yang jung rye , who was given a proportional representation seat in the national assembly by the pro park geun hye alliance , early wednesday morning for her alleged purchasing of the seat with a huge donation .
serbian prime minister vojislav kostunica said monday that his country was rightfully embittered by bush s remarks in support of kosovan independence made during a brief stopover sunday in albania , adding that the united states has no right to give away serbia s territory to albanians , according to a government news release .
the gunman , identified as asen iliev , fired several times at the children with a legally owned shotgun and then fatally shot himself , police said .
the government has declared a state of highest alert in almost half the country and has activated agencies to help people who have lost their homes to the floods .
the showdown between rowling and vander ark is scheduled to last most of the week in u . s . district court .
i m quite disappointed , hun sen said .
spain will return to the ernst happel stadium on thursday to play russia for a place in the final of the tournament .
some people spent the night at the airport instead of their holiday destination .
the medicine prize was the first of the six prestigious awards to be announced this year .
joya s outspoken ways have earned her many enemies in afghanistan .
previously , farmers sold their goods to the markets because of higher prices there than in the state distribution centers .
which any savvy shopper can pick up on the internet are about to become cheaper still , last weekend slashed prices on microprocessors for pc makers to cut prices in the doggedly weak pc market .
they want to determine whether hwang and any of his colleagues should face criminal charges for faking stem cell and cloning research .
one day after oil prices briefly touched for the first time , the energy department s energy information administration said crude inventories fell by million barrels last week , much more than the . million barrel decline analysts surveyed by dow jones newswires , on average , had expected .
two former co defendants are expected to take the stand today at o . j .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
officials say the tanker , carrying hydrochloric acid , overturned on a highway at the edge of wind gap , pennsylvania .
while some argue the gargantuan bird s nest could become a white elephant , the watercube has been built to be converted to a shopping area and leisure center with tennis courts , retail outlets , nightclubs and restaurants .
after meeting with palestinian leaders in the west bank , cheney reiterated that the administration wants to see an independent , viable , democratic and peaceful palestinian state .
the only u . s . citizen to serve time for helping fly weapons to jews struggling to create israel .
but officials at the pacific tsunami warning center said no new tsunami was expected .
the million would be clinton s biggest fundraising mark yet and represents a remarkable recovery for her campaign .
the negotiations also include china , japan , russia and south korea .
they predicted severe consequences including droughts , floods , storms , heat waves and rising seas .
it said some arrests were made but did not give a number .
i would regard it as paranoid .
sen . barack obama has clinched the democratic nomination for president , according to cnn estimates , making him the first african american in u . s . history to lead a major party ticket .
party won a sweeping victory in parliamentary polls in july but was unable to form a new government because of objections by gul s secularist predecessor ahmet necdet sezer .
a spokesman for president roh moo hyun says the decision was made to create the mood for a successful south north summit meeting and in consideration of the other party .
i was not sure i could be bothered to transcribe all the letters but now i feel i have no choice , lamin said .
the indictment against smith stressed the impropriety of the relationship and said the agent should have disclosed it in the reports he filed with fbi headquarters about her .
onions are plentiful sources of disease fighting phenols and flavonoids , both potential cancer fighters and weapons against some chronic diseases .
earlier an indian immigrant drowned in megara , near athens , after he fell into a torrent .
the mccains have separate personal assets and file taxes separately under the terms of a prenuptial agreement .
in recent months , palestinian militants have fired hundreds of unguided and crudely made qassam rockets into israel , primarily at the southern israeli city of sderot .
when pressed on troop plans , miliband said in his television interview i don t want to get into the prediction game .
they had to hack a goose out of ice after the bird sat too long in some frigid water .
that s white house domestic policy chief melanie barnes , who says obama seeks a bipartisan effort .
moscow , russia cnn ukraine s government will force the company that manages its natural gas supplies to pay off its debts to russia s gazprom to resolve a crisis that reduced the flow of gas supplies into ukraine and threatened to disrupt european gas supplies , ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko said wednesday .
palestinian medics say people are dead in an israeli air strike outside a un school in gaza , the second deadly airstrike to hit a un school in a matter of hours .
the team is doing well , said whipple . i can t say that they ll be getting the entire weekend off , but we are cognizant of the fact that this is a marathon , it is not a sprint , and it is most important that we do things right , rather than fast .
the country s secular elite , including powerful army generals , derailed an earlier attempt to have parliament elect gul as president , a move that triggered early parliamentary elections which the ak party won decisively last month .
they want to raise healthy daughters . they don t want to pass their own anxieties down to their girls .
leung faces up to years in prison if convicted on all counts , while smith faces up to years behind bars .
dow industrials down points , nasdaq off in early trading .
a search of his house turned up books and the gunman s writings , which suggest he had very strong opinions against society , police said .
if the parties of tymoshenko and yushchenko come through on their pledge to cooperate , they would together have the majority of seats needed to form a government .
on thursday , police chief olegario sousa said officers did not have enough evidence to arrest the only formal suspect , briton robert murat , , who lives in the resort .
but moving clocks forward in the spring appeared to have the opposite effect .
severe thunderstorms spawned at least tornadoes in east central alabama yesterday , destroying a church , several homes , damaging other homes and a school
railway company trenitalia canceled hundreds of trains and warned of further delays as rail workers walked off their jobs at a . m . for an eight hour protest .
capitalizing on paramount movies like wayne s world , and days of thunder , the paramount parks have increased average attendance by about percent since .
the united states is extremely concerned that encounters like this could escalate into more violent interactions between the vessels .
palin empathizers say the alaska governor is merely trying to recover her good name after months of damage by the mainstream media , liberal bloggers and even high level members of the mccain campaign who grew publicly dissatisfied with their vp nominee as election day neared . but some political observers suggest that palin s ongoing
taxi driver huseyin erdogan , who is not related to the prime minister , says he does not think the bans will help him get off cigarettes .
at t spokesman mark siegel said he couldn t speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone , but he added , when you sign up , you re signing a two year contract . you re obligated to pay the bill .
iran cannot and will not accept a requirement which is legally defective and politically coercive , he said . history tells us that no amount of pressure , intimidation and threat will be able to coerce our nation to give up its basic and legal rights .
police say he was arrested with a year old woman , identified by asha s family as his wife .
cost of travel and study abroad swelled out .
the five lawmakers of the uri party and the north s leaders also discussed ways to create a joint peace zone at the mouth of the han , imjin and yeseong rivers .
county fire authority spokeswoman angela bargillo says , homes and apartments have been damaged or destroyed in anaheim .
day two
portuguese traders brought the peppers to asia and the vegetable arrived in korea during a japanese invasion in .
last march , they packed the , capacity palmeiras stadium in sao paulo .
ministry of commerce , industry and energy
rodriguez will rejoin the team on thursday . he will be re evaluated then to see how well his quadriceps has responded to treatment . it was unknown when he would play again .
us troops were involved in a seven hour clash in baghdad s adhamiya district after insurgents attacked iraqi security forces .
china s sharp economic slowdown is set to cause more labor unrest amid factory closures and mass layoffs triggered by the global financial crisis , a government minister and economists have warned .
i have lost my daughter , so i am a victim of the cyclone as well .
it is a relationship that has only deepened over the years because we share something very important .
for some , stalin was a giant who bore the soviet union on his shoulders to victory in world war ii , hauled it onto the front line of the industrial age and kept ironclad order at home while turning the country into a superpower with the clout to make its cold war foes shudder .
for the sake of their safety , and relieving the stress on transport , i advise migrant workers to stay in the cities where they work , zheng guogang , chief of the china meteorological administration , told the state newspaper , china daily .
as a result , white tea has the highest concentration of l theanine , an amino acid that , according to recent research , stimulates alpha brain waves to boost alertness while producing a calming effect .
the storm charged ashore before dawn as a monster category , the most extreme level on the saffir simpson scale of hurricane intensity .
the operation comes one week after rescuers saved pilot whales among more than stranded on a beach in northwestern tasmania , which is an island .
the cave ordeal began when kuznetsov , the group s leader , told his followers to hide themselves to await the end of the world , which he predicted would take place in may .
now the interests of the kurdish people are in the framework of a united , democratic , federative iraq .
the verdict came as the government announced plans for the first ever recall system of unsafe food products .
abraham lincoln made the same baltimore to d . c . train trip for his first inauguration in , but it actually started much farther west in springfield , illinois .
they said all killed were all non combatants , and blamed the deaths on ethiopian troops , who are backing interim somali forces in an attempt to quell an islamist led insurgency .
the family s attorney , maurice graham , said he informed wal mart about the settlement and believed the shanks would be allowed to keep the money .
the talks broke down after a few days , tsvangirai told the bbc .
has pioneered quicker , simpler dna tests to work out which bones go together .
as the president has said , no president of the united states should ever take options off the table , but our preference and our actions for dealing with this matter remain through peaceful diplomatic means . nothing has changed in that regard , the statement said .
elections are also being held for all seats in parliament , with parties in the race .
ywca chairwoman park eun kyung , tapped as lee s environment minister , offered to withdraw , taking responsibility for the controversy over her alleged involvement in massive real estate speculation .
the movie tells the story of a brilliant woman lawyer with a perfect winning record whose life takes a dramatic turn when her eight year old daughter is kidnapped .
the korea times quoted president roh moo hyun as saying tuesday that south korea will not sign a free trade agreement fta with the united states unless it brings about benefits for the people , instructing officials to negotiate solely from an economic point of view .
the strike was also playing havoc with another show on fox s schedule .
the arrested man had forged australian documents passport , driver s licence and was disguised wearing a wig , greek police said in a statement .
people in the group lost about nine pounds in three months and kept it off for another three months .
vatican teaching holds that homosexual activity is a sin .
i stepped out of my car and closed the door when i suddenly saw a young man near me . he grabbed me by the arm in which i was holding the car keys , she was quoted as saying .
police fired shots into the air and used dogs to try to disperse the marchers , as they veered off the route .
the orangutans use a touch screen built into a tree like structure that blend in with their zoo habitat .
a minute experimental track recorded at the height of the beatles musical experimentations with psychedelia and inspired by avant garde composers such as karlheinz stockhausen
in recent years , the un and other international agencies have been feeding up to six million of the poorest and most vulnerable north koreans . but these organizations have long struggled for access to one of the world s most closed societies .
alaska senator ted stevens may be ready to testify in his own defense .
i ve been here for two years .
eventually , engineers are also hoping to apply the technology to wireless e mail services so that typing an e mail message will be faster and easier .
natrajan did not give an exact timeframe for the test . it may be in may or june or even earlier , he said .
world leaders unveiled a set of sweeping plans on saturday aimed at tackling the ever expanding economic crisis , but as expected they sketched out an agenda for more work in coming months and another meeting early next year .
dutch designer michiel van der kley has come up with globus , a stylish spherical podule that looks like a piece of art , but is actually a mobile work station .
the two likely had been on their northward migration from mexico up the california coast when they were sidetracked and spotted sunday in the lower sacramento river , biologists said .
but the nobel peace prize winner said she will continue to be guided by the policies and wishes of the opposition political party she heads the national league for democracy .
rice spoke in advance of her upcoming trip to asia where she will be attending a meeting of g foreign ministers and meeting with her asian counterparts .
until now , doctors have resorted to autologous epidermal transplantation surgery for damaged skin replacement but that did not work for those without transplantable skin cells .
during a speech in los angeles , gates said the company named its next generation windows server software formerly known as longhorn windows server .
ewing , new jersey cnn convicted sex offenders who used the internet to help them commit their crimes will be banned from using the internet under a measure signed into law thursday .
then he sags in relief , because he s getting a break from lessons at a private tutorial center where he comes in the afternoons for even more of the dreaded english .
but it can be frustrating to work so indirectly .
but we have a long way to go to figure out the implications of it .
a police officer was killed when a suicide bomber struck at an outer checkpoint on the way to the party headquarters of interim prime minsister iyad allawi .
verrone said the wga achieved two of three goals through negotiations with the studios .
among the , people expected to attend the gala are diver sammy lee , the first asian american to win an olympic gold medal , and retired col .
the indian capital new delhi ordered authorities to stop the practice and told crematoria not to turn away corpses apparently to little effect .
however , it faces a bumpy ride in the next few days as its backers try to push it through before friday , when the senate will break for a week long recess .
fuel consumption has increased in recent years in iran , which imports billion worth of gas each year .
the factory , which makes shoes for u . s . sportswear giant nike , will remain closed for the next three days for security reasons , said nguyen van thua , a provincial trade union official .
plame had accused members of the bush administration of leaking her identity .
the tibetan government in exile has said at least people have died so far , including in lhasa and have accused the security forces of firing on crowds .
the senator from illinois also said his successful campaign for the democratic presidential nomination has taught america s children that the oval office is within anyone s reach .
i have accepted the request by the people s new party to be a proportional representation candidate , fujimori was quoted as saying in an interview with ntv .
the idea of the protests against the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as the farc , was born less than a month ago on the social networking web site facebook , and more than , people in cities around the world confirmed their participation .
the cheetah then pounced on her and began biting and clawing her , said gabriella ferraro , florida fish and wildlife conservation commission spokeswoman .
members of congress have accused gonzales of abuse of office over the sacking of federal prosecutors .
during that appearance he spoke only briefly raising his voice as he invoked the words of his mother .
the move followed pressure from beijing , which believes the material is too sensitive and could lead to social unrest , according to the uk s financial times .
abe said the nuclear power plants can only be operated with the trust of the people .
al rubaie , who leads al sadr s bloc in the iraqi parliament , told the ap , after four years of occupation , we have hundreds of thousands of people dead and wounded .
he said there was still a risk of collision in the time frame .
it could not have stopped what took place .
geithner is trying to get the others to agree to vast spending increases to break the recession .
instead , it was made in response to july s national intelligence estimate , which concluded the united states will face a persistent and evolving terrorist threat in the coming years , and also by generalized threats that noted the use of remote control toys as detonators .
she won of chances at the net .
the two were airlifted to mobile , alabama , said george torres , a spokesman for atk .
clinical psychologist dr . kristina downing orr said , what is chilling about this case is the cold , sociopathic detachment that josef f ritzl went through year after year , decades even , to hide his crimes .
by targeting innocent iraqis , they show their true demonic character , said lt . col . steve stover , spokesman for the multi national division baghdad .
brazil s environment minister carlos minc said upcoming nationwide elections are partly to blame , with mayors in the amazon region turning a blind eye to illegal logging in hopes of gaining votes locally .
embassy in seoul confirmed the state department s approval of the extradition of the stock manipulator to korea .
the ban also restricts the types of smaller whales that can be hunted , such as a former favorite of the coastal operations the minke .
local residents had long known of the footprints , and referred to them and animal tracks preserved near the volcano as devils trails .
jakarta , indonesia cnn an . magnitude earthquake struck in the indian ocean off the coast of indonesia s sumatra island wednesday evening , killing nine people in sumatra and shaking buildings hundreds of miles away .
now , it is clear that the right thing to do is to listen to my doctors , follow through with this surgery and focus my attention on rehabilitating my knee , woods said .
there is ugly , and then there is ugly .
from that point onward she had to endure her husband s frequent absences , remarking , i d rather have a little of bill than a lot of any other man .
these are very popular right now , says a salesman at the pacific palace mall in hong kong .
he teaches at a private institute in seoul .
ultranationalist challenger tomislav nikolic faces pro western incumbent boris tadic in a runoff sunday .
dick gephardt of missouri , the former presidential candidate and a member of the squad .
the crash happened in the city of zibo in shandong province . the second train had been traveling from yantai to xuzhou .
this season , he teased , we ve got some girls who just totally flip out . we ve never had so many tears .
mark thompson , the bbc director general , told staff that the changes would mean a smaller bbc , but one which packs a bigger punch because it is more focused on quality and the content that really makes a difference to audiences .
this deadly embrace transforms the healthy proteins into more misshapen prions .
a senior foreign ministry official said yesterday it would be awkward for seoul to ask china to suspend its historical research on a , year old manchurian kingdom , regardless of protests here about alleged chinese attempts to hijack korean history .
she printed out detailed maps for the trip , which were found in her car during a police search , along with handwritten directions to shipman s home .
he called for immediate relief for those affected by the housing crisis , revamping the regulatory framework and boosting the economy with an additional billion stimulus package .
the textbook forum , affiliated to the new right union , is planning to publish the textbook for high school students by may .
ahmadinejad s predecessor at the time of the september attacks , mohammed khatami , condemned them , and tehran cooperated with the u . s . led campaign to topple al qaeda s taliban allies in afghanistan that followed .
after a scan of the woman s abdomen showed a large mass , doctors lowered a scope through her esophagus .
treasury department designated banco delta asia as a primary money laundering concern , linking it to north korean counterfeiting and money laundering .
her husband a former ambassador had criticized the case for invading iraq .
a check of his computer shows , readers have registered to be citizen reporters .
the postings include their names , photographs and hometowns .
in one section of the video , an interviewer asks al zawahiri to comment on legislation that ties the funding of u . s . forces in iraq and afghanistan to a timetable for withdrawal from iraq .
people are showing interest in d programs , but most homes don t have the special tvs , he said .
bush said he was sure an african american would someday hold the office he has occupied for eight years , and he is certain more changes will come .
israeli leaders have said they are committed to the road map , and have called on palestinian leaders to abide by their obligations .
police interviewed friends and relatives of the victims sunday morning , but released no details on the investigation or whether they had identified a suspect .
that s airport spokeswoman victoria lupica .
party members and bhutto s family have repeatedly called for such an investigation since she was killed december after a campaign rally in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital of islamabad .
he was wrong when he said he would sit down across the table from ahmadinejad , chavez and the castro brothers .
responding to questions over how seoul expects to cover the cost of doubling north korea s electricity supply , south korea s top energy official said that the government would undertake to pay whatever was needed to maintain peace on the korean peninsula and reach a successful conclusion to the six party nuclear negotiations .
he was pushed into a scuffle with dlp members who wore huge masks of lee kun hee and hong seok hyun , holding a banner , shouting arrest hong seok hyun , arrest lee kun hee !
the northeast was hurting worst with building off nearly , but the west didn t do much better .
he said the decision came out of an emergency session called by pakistan s prime minister shaukat aziz and was expected to be finalized in the coming days .
when she and her daughter finally found a new doctor , he said her daughter didn t have irritable bowel syndrome at all she had ulcerative colitis .
the row came before a major gem sale in rangoon a key source of revenue for the junta .
avian influenza is a disease of birds and whilst it can pass very rarely and with difficulty to humans , this requires extremely close contact with infected birds , particularly feces .
a scan revealed the full extent of the damage , which will keep beckham out of england s matches against israel on september and russia four days later .
edwards , who began his testimony last tuesday , was called back to the stand for follow up questions .
the kospi closed at an all time high , up . points , or . percent , at , . , the highest closing level .
she holds graduate degrees in national resource strategy and logistics management , and became the army s top ranking woman in .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports south korea seems prepared to stand up to its half century military ally by asking america to delay planned changes in its military presence on the peninsula , despite apparent u . s . determination to drive through its forces reduction program .
the south korean ship left port on sunday night , with about people aboard .
a day of meetings and an unscheduled nighttime session by the negotiators from the united states , china , north korea and three other countries failed to achieve much progress , envoys from japan and south korea said .
he is not a killer , but the state of louisiana is determined to execute patrick kennedy for his crime .
obviously he has been through a lot this week , said wes anderson , who directed wilson in the darjeeling limited , one of the films in competition for the venice film festival s top award .
such talks are envisaged under the feb . nuclear agreement .
to drive future sales to consumers , the company now plans to launch a range of notebooks in january and desktops in march or april , rounding out its product range .
the accusation was dismissed by mrs clinton s campaign manager maggie williams .
now research on the iceman starts over .
the americans had trouble keeping possession , but still managed threats in spurts , looking dangerous on several corners and free kicks .
kandahar residents can enroll for free , but the school is currently running on a first come , first serve basis and funding and space are already straining their limits .
at least seven people have been questioned in connection with the ongoing investigation , but only one remained in custody on wednesday , according to greek police .
qualifiers due to injuries , was in fine form and looks a certain starter in next month s tournament as one of the three attacking midfielders .
alexander volkov , sergei s father , said earlier that he had mixed feelings as he said farewell to his son .
the international olympic committee said it supported ethical practices .
the kma did not make the result public during the roh moo hyun administration , which ended last february .
the ruling uri party and the defense ministry confirmed on sunday that the government plans to reduce some , soldiers from iraq , saying reports that came out friday were mostly accurate .
the president elect is getting set to warn congress and the rest of the country that we need to do a lot more to rescue the economy , and we need to do it now .
it s a tragic time for california , gov . arnold schwarzenegger said monday , declaring a state of emergency in seven counties .
the minister appeared to be offering the anecdote as evidence of the program s necessity
the portland trail blazers got greg oden and felt like they won a championship .
so long as she keeps her driver s license current and doesn t break any laws , hilton will complete her probation in march .
today , the government encourages sex education in grade school and upward .
the sleepless nights , the woozy days and the foggy minds of jet lag are the bane of any business traveler s life .
european astronomers have spotted what they say is the most earth like planet yet outside our solar system , with balmy temperatures that could support water and , potentially , life .
documentary winner bowling for columbine is moore s alternately hilarious and horrifying examination of gun violence in america .
the israeli company dor alon supplies fuel to gaza .
he said it would be hard to expand the industrial complex without north korean progress on denuclearization .
opera had called on the eu to strip internet explorer out of windows or carry alternative browsers .
thousands of people who were uprooted around the region have taken shelter at the city s main sports gym and other facilities .
that said , this was just a social visit
we re talking very small differences here , says dr . garbutt , who was not involved in the study .
by thursday morning , only about people primarily police , military and journalists remained in the immediate vicinity of the volcano , she said .
the boys were rounded up as part of the mother of two springs operation targeting al qaeda in iraq in mosul and nineveh province .
nfl junkies will be jonesing until tomorrow , when the conference championships finally get under way .
last month , iraq suffered the bloodiest single attack of the war when two suicide truck bombers struck villages in northern iraq s nineveh province , killing at least people and wounding hundreds more .
if fertility in all countries remained at current levels , it said , the total population of the globe could more than double by , reaching . billion .
the associated press reported that police on thursday entered the oceanfront home that smith and stern shared .
clinton , the new york senator and former first lady , stood her ground on abc s this week , saying warnings of massive retaliation are needed to keep the islamic republic in check .
and kid care rates only slightly higher than housework , working , or commuting !
although energy prices are down for the nd month in a row , food costs have posted their biggest increase in more than a year .
chicago cnn warren buffett s investment company announced tuesday it will pay . billion for percent of marmon holdings , a private company of more than manufacturing and service businesses .
it s important that you don t put yourself down in front of your daughter , explained zeckhausen . she has an adult woman s body in her future and she s looking to you in terms of how to feel about that body . she s taking notes whether you know it or not .
detectives were questioning three people in portimao , the nearest large town to praia da luz , portugal s national news agency lusa reported , citing unnamed police sources .
estrada is accused of amassing about m illegally while in office .
i don t know how much we will see at the beginning because simpler versions of space attire are going to be what people are interested in , he said .
u . s . airstrikes killed at least people in baghdad neighborhoods known to be mehdi army strongholds sunday morning , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
broadcasters were careful to meet japan s obscenity laws once he had climbed out of the water , masking images of his private parts with a blurry dot .
it s not clear if the charges against them have been dropped .
in april , exports surged nearly percent from a year earlier to a preliminary . billion , according to the ministry of commerce , industry and energy .
there is no vaccine to prevent dengue fever or dengue hemorrhagic fever , the cdc said .
rowling told a new york court that she had stopped work on a new novel because the federal lawsuit had decimated my creative work over the last month .
look , this is a simple case of the largest liberal newspaper in america trying to run a smear campaign against the integrity of the new conservative republican nominee for president , he said .
the last f s scheduled to fly will leave holloman on april , stop in palmdale , california , for another retirement ceremony , then arrive on april at their final destination
hundreds of thousands of people have joined may day rallies across asia , with protests sparking high alerts in the philippines and indonesia .
how times change .
the south korean embassy in washington is on full alert and trying to devise measures to prevent unforeseen accidents .
u . s . envoy jendayi frazer on monday said she was able to get kibaki and odinga to agree to talk under the mediation of the african union s chairman by relaying the concerns of the kenyan people .
then deputy prime minister lee hun jai , who is now serving as an advisor to a law firm that helped the sale , faces a summons by prosecutors .
homegrown movies must account for percent of showings in local theaters .
in a september interview on cnn s the situation room , bhutto said she expected threats against her life as she prepared to lead a push for the restoration of democracy in pakistan .
but the losses could grow to a staggering billion over the next years if corrective action is not taken quickly , said a study by new delhi based indian council for research on international economic relations .
the change in shape makes the proteins invulnerable to enzymes that would normally break them down .
i don t think there s any reason to be too pessimistic .
cnn a girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted has been found and is safe , officials in nye county , nevada , said friday .
it is feared the president elect s radical policies will destroy trust and cooperation between north and south nurtured over the past ten years of democratic rule .
over the past several days , coalition forces in basra and hilla captured qais khazali , his brother laith khazali and several other members of the khazali network , the u . s . military said in a statement .
paul schiro , and anthony doyle , , are charged with taking part in a racketeering conspiracy that included gambling , loan sharking , extortion and long unsolved murders , including those of the spilotro brothers .
there are some steps that are likely to produce more organs to save lives .
the two met in the oval office for just over an hour .
in north carolina , the new survey shows obama with a point lead percent , a margin that is consistent with other recent polls in that state .
organizers plan to take the olympic torch to the summit of everest in early to mid may .
a semi trailer slid off interstate in wyoming and overturned near chappell during the snowstorm , and numerous other vehicles went into ditches on the interstate and other highways , cheyenne county sheriff s deputy fred wiedeburg said . no injuries were reported .
the united states , great britain and other western nations have urged the chinese government to exercise restraint in dealing with the sometimes violent demonstrations held by tibetan monks .
apart from the vice presidency , analysts say , there are several roles clinton could potentially fill .
koreans spending on overseas studies soared in the first eight months of the year from a year earlier , as an increasing number of high income earners sent their children overseas for a better education .
the korea herald reports that government officials said yesterday they are investigating a north korean defector on espionage charges after he entered the south as an asylum seeker fleeing the secretive communist state .
in washington , however , senate finance committee chairman democrat max baucus said such a trade agenda must take a back seat to guaranteeing americans their jobs .
many restaurants and shops in longyearbyen , a settlement of , people , have a stuffed polar bear or pelt often shot before a hunting ban from the early s .
the state senate , which as early as next week could hold a trial , if convicted blagojevich will be removed from office .
it was not clear whether the paper was a draft or a finished research product .
hong kong , china cnn pro beijing candidates delivered a crushing blow to hong kong s pro democracy camp , sweeping up nearly a third of the district council seats up for grabs , according to election results monday .
gone are the days when kids bought cds by their favorite singers .
ford says it is reviewing its position on jaguar and land rover , while union officials are pressing for more information amid reports that the two brands are up for sale .
elektra s history dates back to , when a year old holzman founded the record company in his dorm room at st . john s college in annapolis , maryland .
i m sad if she felt that , lord fellowes said .
he broached the idea in , saying at the time that the league would look into european expansion within a decade .
an ex khmer rouge prison chief has been charged with crimes against humanity by un backed tribunal in cambodia .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the killing .
the group , united for peace and justice , said it would hold a march past madison square garden and ending at union square
at the height of summer , klein s man cave was finished , and he decided it was time to step on the scales .
passengers get a bill of rights
i find lin walking in a festering landscape of rotting food , plastic bags and junk at the mae sot garbage dump in thailand near the thai myanmar border .
it s the kind of transformation the big green energy spending in his stimulus plan is designed to support , but iowans might be forgiven for thinking there s another motive for today s visit
with no date set this month for the six party talks on the isolated stalinist state s nuclear program , largely due to its financial disputes with the u . s . in recent months , north korea has shown several forward looking signs in its relations with neighbors .
our investigations find keb to have overstated its liabilities to lower the negotiating price , the board of audit and inspection said in a statement .
the party has run a task force to seek alternative policy options that can replace its hard line policy toward the north since march .
to wear it , you put the seat between your legs , put on the shoes and push the on button .
the primary , originally set for february nd , will be held on january th , the state s republican chairman said .
an israeli government statement said , the hamas organization is a terror organization that seized control of the gaza strip and turned into a hostile area . this organization carries out hostile actions against the state of israel and its citizens and are responsible for this activity .
he said the meeting was taking place in an air of optimism and self confidence on both sides .
edinburgh , scotland cnn u . s . defense secretary robert gates on thursday pushed european allies for more troops to re energize efforts in southern afghanistan , where the taliban insurgency has increased its attacks in the months since nato took command of the war .
at least people have lost their lives after six days of fires .
i want to see more consideration with the other point of view , i want to see them say , hey , you know , this is good , maybe this will work , let s talk about it .
he gave no details of the proposed memorial in los angeles , and said any tributes in australia would be determined by ledger s family .
a joint statement said the transaction would be earnings neutral to positive in financial year and earnings accretive by at least percent in financial year .
in october , a government spokesman described the releases as part of the israeli government policy of strengthening the moderates in the palestinian territories .
the effective breeding population is estimated to be below , individuals and the species faces threats from human attacks and habitat loss .
the apollo astronauts became the first humans to orbit the moon .
the mass graves that we saw are something the people are living with , he said . in some places , they have the full names of those who were buried .
white stunned the crowd with a unique hip hop version of enka , melodramatic japanese folk music that resonates with the elderly but tends not to interest the young .
moroni , comoros cnn an outbreak of cholera has killed eight people and infected scores of others on the comoros islands since july , a senior doctor said , blaming the food at traditional wedding parties for spreading the disease .
he flicks a finger across his throat in a threatening knife slash gesture .
let s wait for the results tonight , he told reporters . we ll accept them , whatever they may be .
a poll of polls calculated by cnn indicates competitive races in both states .
hundreds would be arrested , including king .
under country s law , the offense is punishable with lashes , a jail term of up to a year or a fine .
the law will set the ground for the abolishing rules barring financial services firms from offering different types of financial services and take down the boundaries between financial market segments or regulatory entry barriers .
the taliban have extended the deadline for another hours until to gmt
suicide bombings and shootings rocked baghdad , killing at least four people .
a powerful storm has hit china s south eastern coast , where more than one million people have been evacuated from their homes , state media reports .
wu claimed the wave of protests that erupted across tibetan areas recently was part of a tibetan people s uprising movement ahead of the olympic games .
korea moved up to th position in the global competitiveness ranking this year , achieving the biggest advancement among economies , according to the world economic forum s annual study .
several small companies are developing new engine technologies and advanced automotive designs that promise to deliver miles from a single gallon of gas .
this is the latest of many studies suggesting humans are hard wired to thrive as social animals , says tiffany field of the touch research institute at the university of miami medical school .
the release news came after reports that a ransom was paid to the taliban . the afghan government paid a large amount of money to the taliban and promised to release eight taliban prisoners in return for the release of eight koreans , japan s kyodo news agency reported .
the israeli cabinet on sunday approved the release of frozen tax funds to palestinian president mahmoud abbas , officials said , in a step to bolster the moderate palestinian leader in his standoff against the islamic militant group hamas .
hfmd is not related to foot and mouth disease , which affects farm animals .
the collapse is similar to what happens to hardened glass when it is smashed with a hammer , he said .
us president george w bush and french president nicolas sarkozy have said they will work jointly to convince iran to give up its nuclear program .
the , foot volcano has been erupting from fissures along its side steadily for more than a quarter century .
clarence mitchell , spokesman for the mccanns , said this is another important phase of our investigation into madeleine s abduction and we hope that this picture will be a very important reminder to anyone who was in the area on that night who may have seen this man .
the good news was a relief to many but analysts say it is too early to declare a recovery and that more trouble could be coming .
red and white slogans called for loyalty to leader kim jong il , the sun of the st century , and urged people to defend our way of living with our lives .
but there s no evidence that obama and ayres were pals , or even close , when they worked on community boards years ago , and ayres hosted a political event for obama early in his career .
a myanmar opposition party member died during interrogation and two activists were arrested as the ruling junta pressed its crackdown on the pro democracy movement , an exile group said wednesday .
it s that kind of wholesome charm , along with her powerhouse voice and striking good looks , that endeared her to american idol audiences this year , making her the youngest winner in the tv phenomenon s six season history after defeating semifinalist blake lewis .
people waiting on the sidewalks on sunday gave bush a rapturous welcome , shaking hands with him , grabbing him by the arms and wrists , reaching out to embrace him and even ruffling his hair .
the stolen diamonds weigh , carats and include some very unusual stones , police said .
president roh considers to cancel summit with koizumi .
the measure empowers regional governors to control the movement of people and vehicles , bans most meetings , allows the government to control what is published in the press , and imposes a curfew from midnight to a . m .
an official cause of death is pending until after an autopsy .
cheney noted the queen s last visit to jamestown , years ago , for the th anniversary commemoration of its founding . half a century has done nothing to diminish the respect and affection this country holds for you .
but their efforts to ease social and political restrictions were stymied by hard liners who control the judiciary , security forces and powerful unelected bodies in the government .
china regards the island as a renegade province and has vowed to invade if taiwan moves towards declaring formal independence .
in asia japan s nikkei closed . down at , losing . percent , while the hang seng fell , . to , a fall of . per cent .
political scientist allan lichtman of american university and mark morial , president of the national urban league .
hwang faced the media for the first time on thursday , two days after his claimed breakthroughs in stem cell research were exposed as a fake .
but the afghan ministry of defense said that there were no soldiers on board , and that everyone killed had been a civilian .
but the reclusive communist state balked at the deal , demanding the united states first take it off its list of state sponsors of terrorism .
salomon , , is best known for making a sex videotape with paris hilton , his girlfriend at the time , and was previously married to actress shannen doherty .
it was the best overall performance in four years .
kim jin hong , chairman of the new right union nru , also called for an alliance of the gnp , the minor opposition democratic party dp and the people first party pfp to take power from what he called the left leaning governing uri party .
here s how to understand the highlights .
i was confident in the players for the penalties . they like to practice penalties every day after training .
after they complete their sentence , the pair will be deported .
while there is more than one candidate in the elections , medvedev a longtime close aide to putin faced no serious opposition in his presidential bid .
lawson and ogren had neither .
he says he had planned to turn himself in to southern authorities .
there has been growing concern over possible negative effects resulting from intensifying competition to lure customers for mortgage loans , securities trading and fund investment , yoon jeung hyun , head of the financial supervisory service , told bank presidents and executives at a breakfast meeting .
the school resource officer and the school principal confronted the student in a hallway and found the student was carrying three handguns and extra ammunition .
the rival united democratic party will b e hoping to capitalize on these troubles .
roh offered his congratulations to lee on wednesday .
wen s visit would be the first by a top chinese leader since then premier zhu rongji in october .
that s almost a perfect rhythm to help jump start a stopped heart .
sun exposure causes up to percent of wrinkles , dark spots , and sagging .
the u . s . markets rebound followed a mixed day in europe and earlier sell offs across asia , while new figures showed that the german economy had slipped into recession .
in the northeastern states and midwest , i think john mccain is going to win , feehery said . i think it s really hard for mitt romney to get this nomination .
on the democratic side , barack obama is aiming to press home his advantage over main rival hillary clinton following his success in last week s iowa caucus .
kobayakawa said his findings , published in the science magazine nature last month , should help researchers shed further light on how the brain processes information about the outside world .
with the destruction of dongdaemun stadium in central seoul , the sporting goods stores it also houses are about to be closed down , according to the joong ang ilbo , leaving years of memories behind .
the fbi encouraged perjury , helped frame the four men and withheld for more than three decades information that could have cleared them , u . s . district judge nancy gertner said in issuing her ruling thursday .
the north says ms yokota , abducted as a school girl in , committed suicide .
the man who bought me my beer noted , these days , with the european union opening things up , many poles and hungarians are going west to france and germany to get jobs .
lee sang deuk , the elder brother of president lee myung bak , has become a target of attack after a group of lawmakers of the governing party demanded that he withdraw his bid for the april parliamentary elections to remove accusations of nepotism .
the two sides continue to disagree on one of the other most important items , the bronze statue of a victorious youth , sometimes known as the getty bronze .
about , u . s . military personnel are based in south korea to protect it from an attack by north korea , in a legacy of the korean war .
the philippine archipelago lies on the pacific ocean s ring of fire , where volcanic activity and earthquakes are common .
we never did anything to anybody , how could this happen to us in america ?
kashiwazaki contributes about of the tokyo electric power company s supplies to the capital .
at least four churches were destroyed , he said .
london , england cnn police arrested jude law after he allegedly attacked a photographer outside his london home .
at least one soldier was among those wounded in the explosion , which occurred about p . m . a . m . et , damaging nearby buildings and incinerating at least six vehicles , most of them parked cars .
i express the very deepest condolences to the family of the deceased on whose shoulders rest major events for the good of the country and serious mistakes . a tragic fate .
japan and china signed an agreement wednesday lifting beijing s four year ban on japanese rice , paving the way for tokyo to resume rice exports to china within the next few months , agricultural officials said .
still , aides caution they are assuming nothing and leaving nothing to chance .
conservative religious groups have been more insistently opposing his stem cell work .
brisbane , australia cnn a golf course in tropical australia has a new water hazard
they get more lenient responses by the judiciary and law enforcement , and that is regrettable , professor hamid ghodse , a member of the incb , told the uk s press association wednesday .
he s in their heads , he s inside the heads of those people , says prof . daniel alvarez , a religion expert at florida international university who has debated some of de jesus followers .
the venezuelan government has opened an investigation into news broadcasters for allegedly inciting the venezuelan public to violence over the government s decision not to renew the broadcast license of an opposition television station .
steve ruic , a writer on staff at notre dame college , received an e mail about two weeks ago from a professional diver from germany .
medical experts told ap the procedure was not unusual following such surgery .
washington cnn an attack into ecuadoran territory by colombia was criticized wednesday by south american states trying to defuse tensions between the two nations .
i think everybody will see that howard stern is not a beneficiary of that will .
it was only cole s second goal of his injury plagued season and the first time chelsea had scored against liverpool in five champions league meetings .
obama in his campaigning is going after john mccain s healthcare proposal
clarke said the rules are designed to prevent names that are likely to cause offense to a reasonable person .
there was no food at all , said darmiashiah , a year old woman who returned to the village of sugihwaras , well within in the evacuation zone .
seattle , washington cnn
overall it was a great football game , said arsenal manager arsene wenger . we had enough chances to win , he added .
survivors crawled out of the wreckage through thick smoke , many of them badly burned .
wedbush morgan analyst michael pachter said sony s price reduction would not double sales but may boost them by percent to about , units a month .
a german foreign ministry spokesman said the government had no confirmation about the deaths but was investigating the report .
north korean leader kim jong il s third wife , one of whose sons is apparently being groomed as next in line of succession , died of a heart attack and was buried in secret , reliable sources said yesterday .
one of those , pbwiki , has seen the number of individual business wikis created with it jump to well over , , up from less than , a year ago and only about , two years ago .
but those who consumed between one and three drinks a day had a lower risk of developing dementia than non drinkers .
when fdr first took the oath of office in , the country was reeling under the crushing weight of the great depression .
the farc on wednesday freed former colombian lawmakers gloria polanco , orlando beltran , jorge eduardo gechem and luis eladio perez in a deal brokered by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
ac milan s brazilian midfielder kaka has been named european player of the year , lifting france football s ballon d or award .
conservative activists and defectors at a seoul conference on north korean human rights violations said the south s policy of engagement with the north had failed .
saddam s commandments cover all aspects of life .
no one feels sexy going to bed in a warehouse .
toughest sheriff takes act to small screen
both companies have recently signed large commercial agreements with chinese counterparts .
some people come off work at midnight , and others want to play a few holes before they head for the office .
the accumulation of matches has taken its toll and i have received several medical opinions to delay my return to competitive tennis , williams said in a statement .
omar farouk ibrahim , spokesman for the organization of petroleum exporting countries , said the increase would be based on the group s current production meaning the nation cartel was adding actual oil to the market .
the rising price of consumer goods is driving shoppers from all walks of life to use coupons for food , beauty aids and pharmacy products at an increasing rate , according to some of the country s largest purveyors of manufacturers coupons .
presidential spokesman cheon ho seon ruled out the poss ibility of any surprises in the forthcoming summit .
where will you get the most out of your haggling ? big ticket items , says tod marks of consumer reports , a nonprofit consumer product rating company .
mccain said tuesday that coming up with new forms of clean energy is a national security issue when we re dependent on more than billion a year in imported oil from countries that don t like us very much . some of that money is helping terrorist organizations .
congress has opened hearings on the collapse of lehman brothers .
we will ensure they take responsibility for the lives of our people , he said .
he removed nearly all of the supreme court justices shortly after declaring the state of emergency .
of million over the next three years that will include up to staff dismissals .
wellington , new zealand cnn marine scientists surveying a large undersea mountain chain were amazed to find millions of tiny starfish swirling their arms to capture food in the undersea current .
on a six day tour of the caribbean , rogge expressed condolences for the victims and said he hopes calm will be restored immediately .
baez also covers scarlet tide , a song written by elvis costello and t bone burnett for the film cold mountain .
that hostage was executed by the kidnappers , a source said .
a united nations security council vote threatening economic sanctions over north korea s missile tests has been postponed to give diplomacy more time .
local media guesses that ftc suspects qualcomm korea of overusing its market dominance in various ways like in deciding its business partners here .
buy one for your five year old , then get another one for your grandmother to prove that it s the person , not the hardware , who makes the movie magic .
twelve female inmates were sexually assaulted by a correctional officer , according to an inspection team of the ministry of justice .
gen miller will be the highest ranking officer ever to take the stand in any of the prosecutions arising from the abuse at abu ghraib .
it is the latest setback for the gifted but troubled year old .
this is bad news for the world s oceans .
normally the switch to daylight saving time isn t a big deal , but sunday , jeff ronner has to put people on the case .
cnn attempts to contact him have not been successful .
palisades medical center , it s physicians and employees , adheres to a strong code of ethics that respects the privacy and confidentiality of all of our patients , a hospital statement said .
the hypothalamus controls drives like hunger and thirst and the amygdala handles arousal , among other things .
it appeared lohan was speeding , lt . mitch mccann said at an afternoon news conference .
gen surya dharma , a senior police official , told cnn in march that abu dujana is a very dangerous and clever man .
long a crowd favorite , using guile to make up for lack of power and with slices and dices , santoro was sharp , too , committing only four unforced errors as he broke andre agassi s record of grand slam tournaments .
the problem with older computers
both indonesia and malaysia have tried nurturing winners , in aerospace and cars respectively .
europe s benchmark index , which is down . percent on the year , has lost . percent since reaching a year high on july .
militant groups , including hamas , have announced their own week long cease fire , a few hours after israel declared a day unilateral cease fire .
the palace plans to post the first of the archive footage on the queen s royal youtube channel on sunday , the report said .
one man , cristobal fernando gonzalez , was arrested wednesday in san diego for making a false threat against students at san diego state university , the u . s . attorney s office said .
market players also think the boj will raise rates at a pace of roughly once every half year or so , making august seem likely after the last rate hike in february .
obama s latest wins came in a caucus in his home state of hawaii and tuesday s primary in wisconsin .
the top cleric is head of the higher council for islamic jurisprudence .
but the chinese national people s congress standing committee said universal suffrage shall not apply to the selection of tung successor in or members of the legislative council the following year .
the strips of leds inside church s sanctuary replacements for old fashioned incandescents may seem an anachronism at the most visited historic site in a city with a rich revolutionary war legacy .
sweets , gum and hard candies are often problematic depending on ingredients .
in baquba , north of baghdad , a u . s . airstrike that was intended to blow up a house where insurgents had placed a bomb hit the wrong building and wounded iraqi civilians , according to a u . s . military statement .
in cavite , a province south of manila , families were stranded in five feet . meters of flood water as garbage clogged rivers and canals .
that makes it even more important for non governmental citizens groups to participate in preservation , lindesay said .
the network was hoping for big ratings for show that ran for three hours and minutes .
the dow slumped more than points during afternoon trading but a late rally saw it close at , . .
across the globe , people in city squares and villages , living rooms and shacks cheered his success , boosting hopes that america s first black commander in chief might herald a more conciliatory approach to the rest of the world .
moore was ready for the piracy questions .
by catamaran , canoe and other small vessels
we live in a time where we have a man who s sending us to war for fictitious reasons .
workers were still trying to rescue one man pinned beneath an overturned truck .
this region has provided an ideal environment to conceal enemy support bases and training sites , as well as plan and launch attacks aimed at terrorizing innocent civilians , both inside and outside the region .
british prime minister gordon brown said he would not attend the opening ceremony in beijing in august .
gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the panamanian flagged golden mori off the socotra archipelago , near the horn of africa , said andrew mwangura , a spokesman for kenya s seafarers assistance programme .
it s also become a potential gold mine for entrepreneurs who create games for the device .
sean connery says he will not return to play dad to harrison ford s globe trotting adventurer indy .
invitations will be sent to dozens of countries and organizations and more than people are expected to attend , spokesman sean mccormack said .
frederic von anhalt , the husband of actress zsa zsa gabor , also says he may be the father .
the aim of the drill , co ordinated by the pacific tsunami warning centre in hawaii , is also to measure how well the message is relayed through local emergency systems . at the start of the test , a beeping noise sounded throughout the warning centre on hawaii s ewa beach , and within minutes the first alerts were sent out to participating countries .
in a serious incident last night , the lebanese army and idf israel defense forces exchanged fire across the blue line in the area of maroun a rus , said u . n . interim force in lebanon unifil spokesman milos strugar .
the lifting of the order came as pakistan suffered its first deadly blast since a declaration of emergency by president gen . pervez musharraf .
military officials recently had received information that video or images related to the missing soldiers might appear on the internet and contacted their families to inform them , u . s . military sources said .
from an older navigation system made obsolete by gps , to the even start program for pre schoolers better served by early head start .
his country is beginning to get over the hump of a deep economic crisis .
williams qualified for the boston race by finishing the houston marathon in january in
you have to prove your link with the area , he later told bbc sport .
the year old shin arrived at incheon international airport , via japan where she had spent the weekend after flying from new york city .
just words . we hold these truths to be self evident , that all men are created equal .
vice president dick cheney warned monday that al qaeda is regrouping in pakistan s remote border and sought president gen . pervez musharraf s help in a stiffened push against taliban and al qaeda militants , musharraf s office said .
users who haven t specified their gender in their facebook profiles will be asked to do so in the coming weeks .
he is expected to appeal .
the move follows the controversy over an incident of alleged indecent exposure that took place during a live music show aired on mbc last saturday .
washington post reporter bob woodward who had all those secret meetings with felt and had lunch with him late in life , once told nbc s today show felt was a very different man back in the day
my immediate reaction is that you can only condemn this , said stig moeller . it is terrible that terrorists do this .
oil futures rallied again wednesday , pushing briefly past a barrel after the u . s . federal reserve lowered its forecast for economic growth this year , convincing energy investors that the central bank will slash interest rates further .
her remarks were in a voice of america interview .
the little red wagon has gone . .
martin was in a group of nine swimmers when he was bitten across both thighs by what is believed to be a great white shark , according to a statement issued by the san diego county sheriff s department .
but jacobovici said scholars who researched the ossuary in the past agreed with the film s reading .
in an incident packed match in seville , getafe were off to a flying start when pablo put them ahead with a superb free kick , but minutes later they were down to men when francisco sousa collected his second yellow card .
the visit comes amid continuing violence in iraq .
south korea on wednesday voiced opposition to the much touted option of bringing north korea s nuclear problem to the u . n .
a leader is huntington bankshares in columbus , ohio .
in dubai in as part of a drive to turn the island into a tourist destination , nakheel spokesman charlie taylor said .
now half destroyed , the main building was sand colored brick , topped with a blue and gold ceramic tile dome .
who knows , one day a kid like insoo may grow up to become the national lineage champion , giving the pc bang he frequented exposure on national tv ?
his passionate oration earned him a genuine standing ovation from the hard boiled parliamentarians .
london , england cnn four greenpeace activists breached security at heathrow airport on monday to climb on top of a british airways plane and protest plans to build a third runway , the environmental group and airport authorities said .
after washington s death , the medal was presented to lafayette by washington s family
kim said in earlier meetings his government would allow u . n . nuclear inspectors into the country to check whether it is meeting its commitments as soon as the million in north korean funds were released .
she initially was sentenced to days in jail , which would automatically have been reduced to days if she exhibited good behavior .
recent weeks appear to have brought a decrease in dramatic car bomb attacks , though the bombings still occur nearly daily .
murtada , a year old taxi driver , was once a proud husband and father .
the taiwan president wants to have an open talks with china .
every available plow truck was at work in vermont , said reggie brown , highway department dispatcher in montpelier . everybody s out and running , he said .
nasa plans to wrap up construction in when the shuttle program ends .
once travelers are authorized , they can travel for up to two years or until their passport expires , whichever comes first .
the finding conflicts with a u . s . government advisory that pregnant women limit the amount of seafood they eat to ounces a week two or three meals , because of mercury levels .
hillary says , historical amnesia hurts korea us alliance .
the informant had traveled by train from france to barcelona on january , a few days before police made arrests in barcelona , el pais reported saturday .
the chief security officer for iraq s transportation ministry was gunned down on an eastern baghdad highway wednesday , an official with iraq s interior ministry told cnn .
four years ago , stone was a year old r b wunderkind .
as the united nations nuclear watchdog estimated north korea may have up to six nuclear bombs , key questions being asked here are whether the north plans an imminent test and will it be exploded underground or launched a top a missile .
that s a great leap forward , said gerald bourke , a spokesman for the wfp s aid project in north korea which has grown to five local offices and a staff of .
megabytes on each side , for a total slightly less than the megabytes that fit on a cd .
according to the americans , the building collapsed under heavy fire killing four people a suspect , two women and a child .
the commerce department this morning reports new home construction fell more than , much more than expected
many of them are still believed to be in custody .
a high ranking u . s . military official said thursday that iraqi security forces showed they were trained and ready with their response to what he said was the largest insurgent attack in that part of iraq in eight months .
cardinal joseph ratzinger is the next pope of roman catholics .
railway workers will join bus , power , gas and some state employees for the action called after president nicolas sarkozy refused to back down over planned pension reforms , according to monique ricard , spokeswoman for the french railway sncf .
riots continue across greece after teen killed by police
i am confident that this team is what we need to make a new beginning for american national security , obama said .
musa qala on thursday was overrun by an estimated taliban fighters who disarmed local police , ransacked the district center and hoisted their trademark white flag .
however , later in the evening they discovered she was missing .
speaking at a news conference yesterday , lim said at least , credit delinquents would be eligible for the rescue package .
we are not giving up , however , that there might be life in there .
the wall street journal said merrill s expected write downs would bring the total since october to more than billion and would mean the company s third straight quarterly net loss .
house speaker nancy pelosi said wednesday now is not the time for superdelegates to wade into the fight .
it first slammed into the yucatan peninsula as a category storm and then hit the mexican shore again near the key port city of veracruz as a category with top sustained winds of mph kph .
several european countries said tuesday their supply of natural gas from russia had been cut or reduced amid a dispute over payments between russia and ukraine .
we must make no mistake , the problem is big .
that s because of obama s announced cabinet level posts , five went to women arizona gov . janet napolitano as homeland security secretary , sen . hillary clinton as secretary of state , rep . hilda solis as labor secretary , susan rice as united nations ambassador and lisa jackson as environmental protection agency chief .
us president george w bush has urged china to begin dialogue with tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
the cross of more declines have sparked a market pullback .
police have cordoned off the scene of the blasts and the area around a stage where she was due to give a speech to supporters has been evacuated .
he said the man was conscious and was speaking to rescuers , but said he could give no indication as to the man s condition or any details as to his identity .
professor nigel lightfoot , the hpa s chief adviser , said local residents were not at risk .
washington cnn fourteen americans are in custody as part of a global crackdown on a well organized child porn ring that used sophisticated encryption technology , the fbi and justice department announced tuesday .
benazir bhutto was killed in a bloody december attack .
forces korea on sunday rejected the forces decision to lay off more than , local civilian staff .
chinese espionage poses the single largest risk to the security of the us technology , a panel has told congress .
the ministry s plan is based on an estimated annual economic growth of . percent and a percent increase in annual labor costs .
chertoff has repeatedly expressed concern that terrorists could take advantage of the visa waiver program , which allows most europeans to travel to the united states without applying for a visa .
at least people have been killed in three co ordinated car bombs in a city near baghdad , iraqi police say .
cnn in august , jack returned from summer camp that included swims in texas lake lbj .
but suspiciously large orders for won in morning trading suggested to analysts that there was government intervention on the currency .
authorities warned of possible avalanches and urged local officials to monitor the volume of rivers near the volcano , caracol reported .
the age of the oldest fighter crossing into iraq was and the youngest was .
hills spent a year researching the book and conducted interviews including with sources close to the imperial family , although the palace turned down his requests for an interview , the australian associated press said in a separate report .
anti war protesters converged on london saturday to call on prime minister tony blair to withdraw all of britain s troops from iraq and voice fears over a potential conflict with iran .
the dislike of canada s biggest city , toronto , in the rest of the country runs so deep that a filmmaker has made a documentary about it .
it narrows the price gap with competing game consoles , but the playstation is still the most expensive .
billionaire philanthropist george soros has asked the house ethics committee to investigate house speaker dennis hastert over comments suggesting that soros could be receiving money from illegal drug groups .
the bbc , quoting his aides , say south korea s incoming president wants to scrap the ministry handling relations with north korea .
the country was fixated on this , said david hajdu , author of the recently released the ten cent plague , a history of the era .
thailand has pledged to provide rice feed and farming equipment to its neighbor , and an international donors conference is scheduled sunday in yongon , myanmar , largely to discuss the country s future .
we ve always had really tough battles , sharapova said , who lost twice to williams last year at the australian open and at miami . i m looking forward to getting my revenge .
the death total there including the gunman makes it the deadliest shooting in u . s . history .
it is saddening that the very government which is supposed to support him killed him .
the case is under investigation .
i think they have a rotten job and for what they re doing out there we should show some support .
us and the iraqi troops have killed suspected shia militants during heavy clashes in the southern iraqi city of diwaniya , the us military has said .
the u . s . intelligence community was first cautious about drawing the same conclusion as the pakistanis .
in a particularly disturbing incident , a mob appears to have burned a church filled with kenyans seeking refuge from the violence .
president roh said the national security law should be abolished .
a north korean envoy to the united nations has denounced planned redeployments of u . s . forces in korea , but has also raised a new offer of a peace treaty .
shortly after he went to police , john darwin was reunited with his two sons , mark and anthony , now aged and , who last week released a joint statement saying the reappearance of their father was a huge shock .
police said their preliminary estimate was that more than a million people marched nationwide .
discarding leftover cut cantaloupe if left at room temperature for more than two hours .
brisbane , australia cnn a foot python stalked a family dog for days before swallowing the pet whole in front of horrified children in the australian tropics , animal experts said wednesday .
kloner also said the filmmakers assertions are false .
sony president ryoji chubachi has said a film like display is a major technology his company is working on to boost its status as a technological powerhouse .
we are very concerned , said white house spokesman gordon johndroe . we call on the iranian regime to comply with its obligations to the iaea international atomic energy agency and u . n . security council .
it was not a vintage united display but fulham rarely threatened to pick up their first away win in the premiership since september .
news photos showed huang li , wearing a skirted swimsuit , being picked up out of the water by her father .
in may , two u . s . soldiers went missing in yusufiyah and were never found , despite a massive search .
bill anderson of yuma plans to complete the trip in to days .
he will stay at milan on loan for a couple of months , adriano galliani , president of ac milan was quoted on the club s web site .
instead , the city said its negotiations with private sector partners , including earthlink inc . , have stalled because any citywide wi fi would require massive public financing .
a th century private residence , the room hotel retains much of its original appeal thanks to hand painted floor tiles , heavy wooden shutters and idiosyncrasies like nooks and sloped ceilings .
msci s main world stock index was up nearly half a percent , having fallen . percent from lifetime highs hit only a month ago .
i m sure that the queen will be pleased , the palace spokeswoman said .
and he gave me that opportunity , richardson told fox news sunday .
piranhas face constant attack from predators including river dolphins , caiman a relative of the crocodile and bigger fish , such as the giant piracucu .
the board will be headed by paul volcker , who served as the chairman of the federal reserve from through , serving under presidents carter and reagan .
comedienne wanda sykes joked that for now , she is pleased that american has its first black president
jessica alba had to settle with the no . on the list , which is in the magazine hitting stands saturday .
at least people were killed and some , fled their homes before the government collapsed .
hopes that a second bulgarian hostage is still alive are fading .
the written questionnaires showed that percent said korean staff members at the embassy were very unkind while percent said they were unkind .
our project is at a very advanced stage .
the previous weekend s no . movie , the dreamworks paramount thriller eagle eye , slipped to second place with . million , raising its total to . million .
a biologist working for the makah indian tribe declared it dead , eggert said .
cause a lot of times , guns are used against their owners . so far , there have been homicides in st .
federer , who said he had been thinking about a change for some time , added that he had the experience to go into the next two grand slam tournaments without help .
the victim was taken to jefferson hospital with a gunshot wound to his left arm , police said .
she is dead , and she is buried .
authorities have been cracking down on a growing coalition of soviet era dissidents , leftists and democrats who are demanding that next saturday s elections be fair .
bush also spoke by phone thursday with chinese president hu jintao , according to china s xinhua news agency .
major markets in europe closed down by between and . percent .
purported taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi told the associated press that taliban militants were behind the attack .
but the atlanta based company said it had to increased its cuts further because of the rising costs of fuel .
but it took some solace from the victory of the small parties , which it seeks to ally with before the december presidential election .
authorities in pakistan are blaming a suicide bombing in a mosque on islamist militants bent on revenge .
this is bringing more and more women into our group , and i think we re getting more support from catholics who are saying this is getting ridiculous , she said .
state department spokesman sean mccormack also denied monday rice was interested in the job .
there is a real trail getting back to the basics of these deals
one source told cnn that clinton told those on the call that if asked by obama , she would be interested in serving as his running mate .
according to the american lung association , states prohibit minors from possessing tobacco products .
the country has a population of million , and it is estimated that million have cell phones .
the united democratic party udp has conditioned approval of han on the resignation of some of president lee myung bak s cabinet picks over their alleged financial misconduct .
a defiant saddam hussein and seven co accused were in court .
the airwaves to be vacated by the analog transmissions will be auctioned by the federal government to providers who will use them for wireless broadband services .
chaudhry has been kept in his home since november , when president pervez musharraf imposed a state of emergency , using it to crackdown on opponents , including members of the judiciary likely to block his new term as president .
librescu saved the lives of several students by using his body to block a classroom door while students fled to safety .
they congregate at one of the three pools did i mention it is shaped like mickey mouse ears where there is a water play area just for toddlers , a water slide , an ice cream stand , another for fruit and yet another for chicken fingers , pizza and burgers most of the day and evening .
from our own history , we know the path to democracy is long and it s hard , bush said in a ceremony honoring the th anniversary of jamestown , america s first permanent english colony .
of the french nationals , six of those detained are thought to work for the charity and three are journalists .
during the previous kim dae jung administration from to , south korea was serious in attracting inbound investment , especially to tide over the currency crisis in .
two of those held by police are a year old man and year old woman who were arrested on the m near sandbach , cheshire , on saturday night .
electromagnetic interference occurred in patients , or percent .
they object to the fact that class a war criminals are among the . million people commemorated at the shrine .
obama is regarded as the front runner , after winning the previous primaries and caucuses .
and the extreme conditions continue to make life miserable for tens of thousands of others , oxfam said in a statement last week .
perhaps what was most striking about thursday s nominations for the th annual golden globes wasn t what received a nomination , but what didn t .
mccain was in new orleans on the fourth day of a tour through some economically struggling democratic states , trying to convince voters that he s not the typical republican .
other operations are in anbar province , to the west of baghdad , and in hotspots south of the capital .
the site was slow or unreachable for about two hours starting about p . m . eastern time , minutes before the scheduled release time , according to alertsite , an internet performance monitoring company .
foreigners were most happy with visa services at percent , which is still about percent lower than a year ago , and they were least pleased with transportation with just . percent saying it s satisfactory .
at the summit , tsvangirai s party has a team of five people , led by the movement for democratic change vice president thokozani khupe .
the apology , beamed live around the country on tv , was met with cheers .
for example , in terms of boy scouts and girl scouts and in church activities , after school activities , there s a dearth of that kind of supportive organization in most poverty areas .
both denied they had intercourse and their lawyer , hassan mattar , said they planned to appeal .
in seoul , the south korean government called an emergency cabinet meeting .
iris chang , who was , published the rape of nanking , a graphic account of the japanese army invasion of china .
the ultimate goal is to build eco friendly homes throughout new orleans and the gulf coast .
state media reported that two people were killed and arrested in the raid on an apartment in the provincial capital urumqi last month .
the comments came in the midst of roh s repeated calls for a coalition government , which he reiterated tuesday to uri party lawmakers , some of whom disagree with the plan , as does the major opposition grand national party .
we have not confirmed that any iraqi civilians were killed as a result of this operation , the u . s . military said .
the military described mehmet yilmaz , also known as khalid al turki , as a known terrorist and senior leader in al qaeda who operated a cell that facilitated the movement of foreign fighters into iraq for al qaeda operations .
hydroponics are generally used for fast growing , high value crops such as lettuces and tomatoes that can be produced year round in heated , well lit greenhouses .
we either used old materials or we did it the same way it would have been done , not percent , but to the extent we were able to with modern building codes , he said .
by the time work crews diverted the leak to proper drainage and placed a patch over the leak , about barrels of water had escaped from the pipe .
two pilots , who both survived , were flying together for the first time .
police are looking for a university of georgia professor who is a suspect in the shooting deaths of his ex wife and two men outside a community theater in athens , georgia
but he warned pyongyang that nuclear weapons will bring only isolation , economic stagnation , and continued hardship .
avatars gathered in a virtual tiananmen square carried banners reading free speech before the olympic games !
meanwhile , the death toll from typhoon lekima , which hit vietnam s central coast late wednesday , rose to , with another people missing , officials said sunday .
i prepared the new cabinet as a team who have the skills to realize our goals for the coming period . . . i believe we formed a strong team , erdogan told reporters .
liverpool join three other english teams chelsea , manchester united and arsenal in the next stage , making this the first time four teams from the same country have made it to the final eight .
owners either have to move to dog unfriendly accommodation or can no longer afford to care for the animal after losing their job .
israel has repeated its view that the soldiers must be freed unconditionally and has said the un will assist , rather than mediate , towards this end .
my father used to tell me , don t deal with the lawyers , arakas said . maybe he was right , god bless his soul .
whatever the reason , visitors to downtown dallas are certainly benefiting from all of this migration .
obama s remarks came just hours after the federal government announced a massive rescue package for citigroup
a convincing twin of darth vader stalks the beige cubicles of a silicon valley office , complete with ominous black mask , cape and light saber .
in a seminar hosted by the korean economic association in seoul , experts said that unless there is a wholesale restructuring of the country s fundamentals , it is inadvisable to push for expansion that exceeds national growth potential .
obama and clinton have turned their attention to ohio and texas , which hold contests on march . early voting began in texas on tuesday .
he said he went to the marine headquarters in baghdad three days ago and waited for hours to talk with a colonel about security issues .
authorities touted the prosecutions against kang and her co conspirators as part of efforts to combat aggressive chinese government espionage programs that the u . s . government had not seen since the cold war with the former soviet union .
rice s remarks in seoul , the second leg of her four nation tour , were interpreted as putting pressure on south korea to effectively implement inspections of cargo going to and from north korea to prevent trafficking of weapons of mass destruction wmd .
in addition , nine iraqis were killed and were wounded in clashes that lasted into monday morning in sadr city , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
kosovo s percent albanian majority demands independence .
the weather was said to be rainy , limiting visibility .
the israeli company that is handling outdoor advertising for the movie asked to have the word sex removed from the posters because it would bother people in those cities , barak said .
death to karzai , a reference to president hamid karzai , according to the associated press .
the cavaliers have a one game lead over the celtics in the eastern conference of the nba , cleveland erasing an point deficit to win over miami .
a year old girl s leg was blown off in the blast , said sheik abukar , an imam of a mosque near the blast site .
i have never encountered such a bizarre incident in my years as a wildlife official . it was shocking , mahanta said .
last week she worked with conservation groups and volunteers to save as many of the birds as possible .
westerners still often refer to the area as japan s backyard or part of the yen block .
when the fruit comes in , web cams show the crush , complete with live chat so viewers can question the workers , who respond to computers equipped with voice recognition software .
he was followed by argentine baseliner jose acasuso , who took advantage of a string of unforced errors by eighth seed ivan ljubicic to grab a victory .
cnn an explosion in a southern iranian mosque killed people and wounded more than after evening prayers saturday night , iran s fars news agency reported .
but the kremlin dismissed saakashvili s actions and comments as anti russia hysteria , according to the russian news agency interfax .
the re wilding program has had initial success as the tigers moved from
yoo had worked closely with former lone star korea head steven lee until lee , a korean american , was relieved of management for his alleged involvement in illegal foreign exchange transactions and embezzling millions of dollars in company money .
in an interview published monday , the only woman among the detained crew told britain s sun tabloid that she feared she was being measured for a coffin while in detention , according to reuters .
but at the cbs late show , the network anchor said she believed the yankee star at the time he told her on minutes that he had never used performance enhancing drugs
but clinton s crushing win in west virginia on tuesday highlighted obama s weakness with working class white voters , a segment of the electorate that may prove pivotal in november .
it was in that martin hired griffin to join his band at los angeles coconut grove at a week .
the mortar rounds were fired into the neighborhood of doura first into residential streets and then at a fruit market .
alfred dubanowsky said he rented a ground floor apartment at josef fritzl s home from through .
state run media had initially said , children were infected , but reports from other provinces increased the number by more than , .
in , then king norodom sihanouk announced his support for gay rights , including the right to marry .
but the challenger tragedy , in which the shuttle exploded seconds after liftoff , killing mcauliffe and six other crew members , brought the program to a premature halt .
police searched the residence at the home address cho listed in centreville , a suburb of washington , on monday night , cnn s bob franken reported . view the search warrant pdf
then fortunately , they delivered a movie that was as unique and engaging as people had hoped from the marketing campaign .
disney s overseas prospects also are improving .
george would rather take his own life than do something that public !
the sinaloa cartel s alleged top boss , joaquin guzman , escaped from puente grande in january after bribing guards who hid him in a laundry cart .
the intentional fracturing of the ribs is extremely painful for the patient and can take about six weeks to heal .
we have to hold absolutely firm in relation to support from any aspect of the iranian regime for terrorism .
a new era , dubbed mobile . , is just around the corner in korea underpinned by the always on wireless connection and the most sophisticated portable devices .
more than people , mostly civilians , have been killed in the attacks .
seaworld and a theme park called dreamworld for families , whale watching trips for marine enthusiasts and nearby brisbane tours for steadfast urbanites .
afghan police freed a female german hostage from a kabul neighborhood and arrested a group of kidnappers early monday , an interior ministry spokesman said .
when lawmakers asked why , qanooni said , if there is any issue , the court will explain it .
at the same news conference , lee kwan se , a unification ministry official , said south korea would continue with the measures it introduced even before the october test including the suspension of humanitarian aid to the north .
the industrial output growth slowed to . percent year on year last month , the lowest rate in months since june when production increased . percent , the national statistical office nso reported yesterday .
according to police , they selected a king by lottery and did whatever he bid them do .
tata motors is billing the nano as the world s least expensive four wheel vehicle , with the first batch to hit the indian market in the second half of this financial year .
stockholm , sweden cnn u . s . citizens mario r . capecchi and oliver smithies and sir martin j . evans of britain won the nobel prize in medicine on monday for groundbreaking discoveries that led to a technique for manipulating mouse genes .
the commitment of financial and political support follows last week s gunbattles between rival palestinian factions that led to hamas routing fatah forces in gaza loyal to abbas and the crumbling of a fatah hamas unity government .
the bullet train reduces travel time from seoul to pusan from four hours and minutes to two hours and minutes .
surveillance cameras may have captured the shooting , warren said .
recessions hit the united states and japan .
the unemployed resident of beijing was reportedly unhappy with the punishment he received after being convicted of stealing a bicycle , when he launched his attack on the station , police said .
the church runs schools in korea , including primary , middle , and high schools and colleges .
there was broad agreement on keeping the cradle to grave welfare state .
the institute s president david walsh says the video game industry and retailers have taken positive steps , and stronger parental oversight is needed .
he is accused of being an accessory to the murder of , jews at a nazi death camp in poland .
guards in white vehicles appeared in the distance , watching us as we watched the base .
nato s leaders have urged member countries to provide reinforcements to help in its campaign against taleban guerrillas in southern afghanistan .
the president made a habit of keeping them current , even taking a diary with him on his many overseas trips .
sarkozy , , and bruni , , were married in the presence of about close family and friends , lebel said .
many voters expressed fear of government retaliation if they did not take part in the vote to extend mugabe s rule .
u . s . stocks also were trading lower after five straight sessions of gains .
le viet hung , vice chief of the can tho police , said the scene was total chaos .
her niece says now that benazir bhutto has herself been killed , she does not look back in anger .
drunk lennon recording grabs k at auction
six snorkelers wading like ducks in a row , cruising just below the surface of the water while watching exotic fish dart beneath them .
what producers didn t expect was that actors and stagehands would refuse to cross their picket lines .
it is a matter of deep disappointment that a newspaper group has now decided that allegations about my personal life should be made public .
in jakarta , capital of the world s most populous muslim nation , , protestors picketed in front of the u . s . embassy before moving on to the nearby british embassy .
the teenage hacker who managed to unlock the iphone so that it can be used with cellular networks other than at t will be trading his reworked gadget for a new car .
the uri party reported to the national election commission on monday that it had collected printed materials which criticize roh s ideology .
year old charles robert jenkins , the usfk sergeant who defected to north korea in january and lived nearly years in north korea , said he was advised by japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi to leave together with the prime minister to japan when he visited north korea in april , but high ranking north korean foreign ministry officials had pressured him into refusing the previous day .
bradford leads the nation , touchdowns throwing for , yards , only interceptions .
tang said film festival organizers sent stone a letter protesting her remarks and demanding an apology .
uefa s control and disciplinary body fined roma , swiss francs , and united , francs over the incidents in which fans of both sides were found to have lit fireworks and thrown missiles .
as late as monday , edwards told cnn s larry king that he wasn t prepared to make an endorsement .
the deaths came as the united states and iran agreed to hold new talks on security in war ravaged iraq .
maybe negroponte should pound the drum harder not just on the affordability of his laptops , but on how they are also much more environmentally friendly than the alternatives .
he said the most likely method of powering the elevator would be through the carbon nanotube cable .
the insurgents , however , threatened that their lives would be in danger if the afghan and multinational forces launch a military operation to rescue them .
second half substitute juninho converted from an th minute free kick and lyon beat second division sedan on wednesday to reach its first french cup final since .
i am confident that this girl does indeed exist , meisner said . i am confident that the allegations that she brought forth are accurate .
carletonville is about miles kilometers southwest of johannesburg .
for a nation president bush labeled as part of the axis of evil , it was not an impressive sight a dilapidated concrete hulk , built with few resources back in the early s .
country s capital .
hill , an assistant secretary of state , arrived in tokyo saturday to brief his japanese counterpart on the outcome of his two day surprise trip to the north korean capital .
both india and pakistan are reported to have moved ballistic missiles and troops close to their shared border regions and evacuated villages as tensions between the two countries continue to rise .
got him on the right hand
that message is , be passionate , and be passionate about something , said ken stanton , a friend who lived in the same building as jeremy . we may have lost him , but i ll tell you what , his spirit is certainly with us .
the medical examiner said he did not believe that smith tried to kill herself , as some had suggested , because of the large amount of chloral hydrate remaining in the bottle , and the normal levels of the other medications in her system .
voting throughout the day reached record numbers , with turnout put at the highest in nearly years .
presidential committee on balanced national development is going to aid north korean cities .
bachelet declared states of emergency in tocopilla , maria elena and quillagua , the state owned television station tvn reported .
indian security forces appear to be gaining control of two mumbai five star hotels attacked by gunmen in a wave of violence that has lasted more than hours and killed at least people so far .
more than , hits , jinan s local qi lu evening news reported on its web site .
korea and the unites states signed their historic free trade agreement on saturday , capping off an arduous process of negotiations that began in june .
but republicans and sen . joseph lieberman , an independent democrat argued otherwise .
the thing we most hope to gain by having a cnn presence in second life is to learn about virtual worlds and understand what news is most interesting and valuable to their residents , said susan grant , executive vice president of cnn news services .
in his talks with bush on the sidelines of the asia pacific economic cooperation apec forum , roh reportedly said he would look for ways to help the united states as a coalition partner in iraq .
they include abu musab al zarqawi , the leader of al qaeda in iraq who was killed in a u . s . airstrike june , .
the president must acknowledge that his conduct has compromised the integrity and effectiveness of the world bank group and has destroyed the staff s trust in his leadership , according to written remarks presented at the meeting by staff association chair alison cave and obtained by reuters .
generally , the farther south you go , the higher the premature birth rate .
the principal s cousin is a senior police officer in falluja , and his brother is a leading member of the sons of iraq or awakening , a movement of anti al qaeda sunni groups in the area .
rice and nine democratic lawmakers met in medellin with union leaders who oppose the deal to hear complaints that president alvaro uribe has failed to stamp out the violence , including murder .
a warren township , ohio , man faces charges of felonious assault after authorities say he fired his rifle at two teens who were attempting to deface his mccain presidential campaign yard sign .
the church had demanded sony stop selling the game resistance
police are requesting the public s assistance in identifying and locating the second suspect in the video .
but moscow has refused to extradite the main suspect , andrei lugovoi , who denies involvement .
polls show romney , a former massachusetts governor who was raised in michigan as part of a famous political family , running neck and neck with arizona sen . john mccain in a state where the ailing economy has moved to the top of the agenda .
and you had a racially mixed band , though i never noticed that at the time . there were playing up a storm , and they were great live .
the gun and homemade bomb attack on the school began with a protest by muslim extremists in long robes , who said a festival the school was hosting was un islamic , according to the associated press .
i think that s now obvious .
around , police will be on duty during the summit , the biggest force assembled in recent times in germany .
mark my words . in years it will be over the counter .
a new space race is officially under way , and this one should have the sci fi geeks salivating .
south korea president lee myung bak apologized to the nation thursday for failing to fully understand their concerns about mad cow disease , the south korean news agency , yonhap , reported .
chavez , in what he called a talk from my heart acknowledging the results , thanked those who opposed his proposal , saying the election had proven that venezuelan democracy is maturing .
the joong ang ilbo reports representative song young gil of the uri party prepared a bill with legislators from chungcheong region to modify the selection procedures of the court s justices .
the bank of korea raised korea s guiding interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point , to . percent , ending a period of record low rates that began last november .
the original had baby jesus , mary and joseph , a few shepherds and three wise men .
i was very upset to think that i might have caused offense to people , she added .
the mayor evidently paid million won of the total fees .
hasbro owns the rights to the game in the u . s . and canada .
the quake sent terrified residents into the streets in dozens of cities , chile s state owned television station said .
the web site defines scientology as the study of truth .
abbas and other leaders of the fatah party support those steps , but hamas , which has controlled the government for the past year , is staunchly against them .
according to the affidavit , kristen called lewis about p . m . wednesday , february , and told her she was in client s room number at the washington hotel .
the opponents argued that an environment ministry s survey in showed that the new railroad would be built over what are korea s largest wetlands .
the new government , led by the party of the late premier benazir bhutto , has been trying to negotiate peace deals with tribal leaders in the region .
amid a price war led by dell computer corp . , which used its direct business model to gain market share and maintain profits .
i want somebody who has the intellectual firepower , but also a little bit of a common touch , and has a practical sense of how the world works .
however , he said he could not determine the exact number of victims because of conflicting figures provided by the government and left wing groups .
for one , more people are expected to take trips closer to home , which could give a boost to domestic and regional travel markets .
but it acknowledged that a number of mistakes had been made in how riza s role and remuneration had been handled .
the charge will apply to customers who purchase a ticket on or after june , , for travel within the united states and to or from canada , puerto rico and the u . s . virgin islands on or after august , .
rice called the efforts part of an iraqi led diplomatic offensive to build greater support for peace in iraq .
the sarkozys quickly walked up the stairs into the aircraft while the guards surrounded prime minister ehud olmert and moved him and other israeli officials into a waiting car .
port canaveral , florida cnn it s been years since disney started its cruises with the disney magic ship , followed in by disney wonder .
european union transport commissioner antonio tajani said wednesday he approved of the alitalia takeover plan but warned the airline it must pay back a million euro million loan from the italian government , the associated press reported .
vershbow said the kim jong il regime creates fear of an outside enemy to justify or to cover up the failures of its own domestic policies .
smith s tone in the entries veers between simple joy and deep seated unhappiness .
to help decrease your cholesterol without a statin or to supplement the statin you re already taking follow these guidelines from the tlc diet .
but a spokesman for morgan tsvangirai , mdc leader and mugabe s main challenger , denied that report and said the party is not negotiating with mugabe .
they were on loan from a german museum and valued at . million when they were stolen february , according to news reports .
authorities also consider the rosa fire in san diego county , which burned more than acres before being fully contained , an arson .
the biggest opening of a bond film ever .
police in australia , new zealand and the united states as well as interpol are looking for her father , xue naiyin , a year old chinese language magazine publisher .
luckily i got a lot of confidence coming from the final in la , blake said . i was able to go for my shots when set points down because i was able to have that confidence .
the news got them reminiscing on live with regis kelly about what marriage meant to them
candidate lee and kim were partners in an asset management business which the latter used to embezzle millions of dollars and manipulated stock prices in .
we knew about the situation , because since march some toys had been recalled due to magnetic parts problems , an official with the china toy association , who declined to be identified , told reuters .
the cypriot player , who lost to nadal in straight sets in last year s semifinals , was seeded th , six places above his atp computer ranking . champion lleyton hewitt is promoted to th seed , three spots above his ranking .
banks to improve web safety .
senior hamas officials mahmoud al zahar and saeed seyam traveled from gaza to cairo on wednesday for the meeting .
they offered us haitian gourdes . and some chocolate if we would suck them . i said , no , but some of the girls did it and got the money .
i m sure that sen . clinton feels like she s doing me a favor because she s been deploying most of the arguments the republican party will be using against me in november and so it s toughening me up .
raul castro has been unanimously selected to succeed his brother fidel as leader by cuba s national assembly .
the cause of death was blunt impact injuries , according to the medical examiner s office .
he ran a perfect race , gay said . i ve got to take my hat off to him .
the north s foreign ministry said thursday that it discussed technical matters with the u . s . officials about its promised declaration of its nuclear program .
it is probably the most unusual tent you ll ever see .
lebanon s pro western government says it is determined to hold a presidential election , despite the assassination of another anti syrian politician .
the korea times reports a note written in blood that included the words , mother , i m sorry , i love you was discovered at the scene .
rowles said he went inside , got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away , according to a warren township police report .
the current fractured state of the title in boxing s marquee division is blamed in part for a slide in the sport s popularity .
right now , the dow is up more than points .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert on sunday played down expectations for a peace deal with the palestinians before the end of as laid out at a u . s . sponsored peace conference last week .
a big night on tuesday could put mccain very close to the , delegates he needs to clinch the republican nomination at this summer s party convention .
this year , northrop conducted weightless flights in california , florida , illinois and georgia .
she and a team of food technicians are working hard to improve the quality and the taste of combat food .
the united states is still struggling to get north korea to disclose its nuclear programs , a challenge in a society so tight lipped that it would keep even clothing sizes secret , a u . s . official said on thursday .
i fear a collapse of general motors , and possibly chrysler .
the government , to freeze public services fee .
the dow is off , the nasdaq down .
so what is the deal with all the borrowing necessary to make the budget work ?
controversial indonesian cleric abu bakar ba asyir was asked to stay away on security grounds , while three national leaders cancelled at the last minute .
terrorism and would have sanctions removed under the trading with the enemy act .
where an opposing candidate is strong in an area , they supporters of president pervez musharraf have planned to create a conflict at the polling station , even killing people if necessary , to stop polls at least three to four hours , the document says .
democratic presidential nominee john kerry not writing off the possibility of preemptive strikes on pyongyang , seoul should take adequate preventive measures , he said .
kuhnen said the same link could hold true for women , but they didn t test it because it is more difficult to find an erotic image that would appeal to many different heterosexual women compared to heterosexual men .
space center , houston ap investigators are searching for evidence that a block of ice big enough to damage columbia s wing may have formed on a waste water vent , a problem that plagued an earlier shuttle flight .
sixteen people have been killed in violence that erupted at the mosque on tuesday after a months long stand off between the authorities and a taliban style movement based there .
a newspaper published by china s ruling communist party has blasted the latest guns n roses album as an attack on the nation .
rivalries between the different sects that share control of the church often lead to tensions .
reporters descended on the remote hillside village of zinat in the north of the country after the image of the young girl being carried on a moroccan woman s back was flashed around the world as a possible sighting of four year old madeleine .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
. copyright the associated press all rights reserved this material may not be published . rewritten or redistributed .
the hair is used to make wigs or hair extensions or is used in artwork .
australia has called on the indonesian government to monitor ba asyir closely .
the discovery was unexpected , but of great relief to investigators , who feared the worst based on the evidence compiled to date , capt . jeffrey l . blatter of the bloomfield , connecticut , police department said in a written statement .
periodically , she asked mission control for an update on the times of friends , including nasa astronaut karen nyberg , and her sister , dina pandya , who were running the marathon on the ground .
courtenay said couples should evaluate monetary resources before a new baby arrives .
daigo has caught the attention of top western chefs with its elegant kaiseki inspired shojin ryori .
marybeth moore discovered that after she got a call from a guy her mother s hairdresser suggested as a good match .
the figure was the highest since the office began compiling data in .
the obama administration wants to promote dialogue with iran , but israel worries that could lead to greater tolerance for iran s nuclear ambitions .
lawmakers from both the uri and grand national parties on the finance and legislative committees had agreed to approve the bill when , in a full session friday , it failed to secure a majority , with only yes votes out of a total of .
the suspension bridge in remote surkhet collapsed with as many as , hindu pilgrims on it , police said .
i believe my son is innocent . we will fight until the end , she told reporters .
they have now concluded their enquiries and no charges will be brought , according to a statement from her publicist , tracey miller .
however , brown said he backed moving to a system of presumed consent whereby a dead person s organs would automatically be available for transplant unless individuals had opted out of the national register or family members objected .
spokeswoman katrin srumsdorf said the museum planned to send wowereit an official response on tuesday .
the government has put a one month deadline on the talks .
the palestinians hope the two leaders will sketch the outlines of a final peace deal , to be presented to the u . s . conference , palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said monday .
on a cloudless , hot day wariner relegated compatriot kerron clement into second place nearly a second behind in . .
the ministry of national defense said yesterday , south korean troops sent to aid the u . s . led occupation of iraq have arrived safely in the kurdish north of the country .
the graduate student stopped to reload his shotgun before he took his own life , police said .
the year old said . i m very sad and angry about his comments .
a new study finds that percent of teens talk about behaviors such as sex , alcohol use , and violence on the social networking giant myspace
as much as inches of snow is forecast through the day today in northern alabama .
accepting petitions filed three years ago from the families of eight convicted criminals executed in , the seoul central district court yesterday ordered a new trial on the treason charges against them .
secretary and the chinese president had a meeting over recent issues including north korean nuclear program .
the filmmaker has lost his appeal to the motion picture association of america to downgrade the rating to pg .
hawass has led the search for hatshepsut since a year ago , setting up a dna lab in the basement of the cairo museum with an international team of scientists .
el sol de mexico s mario vazquez rana recently sat down with castro in havana .
hopeless romantics will always find inspiration in the big apple .
paris , france former french presidential candidate segolene royal is separating from the father of her four children who is also the leader of her socialist party , the couple announced sunday .
there were suicide attacks in afghanistan last year , up four fold from , the u . s . military said .
experts say this is due to a lack of crematoriums as more and more people prefer cremation to the traditional burial .
this past summer , year old zhuang huimin ran , miles from her home on the southern island province of hainan to beijing in days , her father trailing behind her on a motor scooter .
japanese prime ministers usually visit the u . s . , japan s biggest ally , soon after taking office , but abe has stressed his all around foreign policy by visiting
gates rolled with the joke , saying of the pc guy his mother loves him !
it serves as a recruitment tool for terrorists , and increases the will of our enemies to fight us , while decreasing the will of others to work with america .
columbia spokesman steve elzer had no details tuesday on arterton s character .
however , police say they were aware of the grave and those buried there had been legally accounted for .
further inciting political instability on the korean peninsula , us president george w . bush revived his famous description of iran and north korea on friday as part of an axis of evil as they cause the same security threat because of their lack of transparency and pursuit of weapons of mass destruction .
but turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan hailed them a success .
his words sparked concern in the west , with new french president nicolas sarkozy saying he would have frank talks with putin on the issue .
jon , chrysler tells a federal bankruptcy judge in new york it plans to get rid of of its dealers ?
barclays shares were up . percent at pence by gmt , when rbs shares were down . percent at p .
but his opponents have used the bbk scandal to question his ethical standards .
security experts say the cleric is a founding member of regional islamic militant group jemaah islamiah .
in march , obama spent about million on his presidential campaign , compared with clinton s million .
rasmussen holds the tour lead after stages with a two minute seconds advantage over spain s alejandro valverde after brilliant displays on the alpine stages .
london says they help work on memory centers of the brain , including the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus , identified in the diagram above .
i ve always liked the physicality of the bond movies , craig said , and as a film fan , i ve always liked it when you re not being snapped out of the story line because you suddenly see it s a stunt man .
heart disease was ultimately diagnosed in , participants .
gfp was first observed in , in the crystal jellyfish which drifts with the currents off the west coast of north america .
although polaroid says the film should be available into , this is the final month of its last production year .
ezekiel emanuel of the national institutes of health says dying blacks and hispanics have much higher end care costs than whites
individuals who were initially allowed to buy tickets each are cashing in by selling them for more than times their face value .
about monks shouted pro tibetan slogans and defended the dalai lama as journalists toured the jokhang temple , the visiting reporters said .
under the plan , about , army and marine corps frontline combat units are scheduled to begin deploying late this year and into .
analysts say a big majority would allow the new president to press ahead with his sweeping economic reforms .
this has been such an intense process , i don t think there has been a lot of time for reflection of the sort that i m advocating , which is ok , she said aboard her campaign plane after leaving puerto rico .
yet another scale il divo has mastered
the lengthy process followed the september attacks carried out by hijackers , of them saudis .
he spent much of the evening swigging from a bottle of dom perignon as an assortment of women danced around him .
new visitors include the vampires and humans of twilight , based on stephenie meyer s popular books
second seed maria sharapova was made to work harder than she had planned against chan yung jan of taiwan but she eventually swept her aside in the first round .
the woman currently america s top diplomat says the people responsible for terror attacks must be brought to justice .
last month , charleston west virginia city council apologized to two protesters arrested for wearing anti bush t shirts to the president s july th rally .
normally , drought conditions happen during hot summer weather .
homogenital behavior is objectively immoral , while making the important distinction between this behavior and a homosexual orientation , which is not immoral in itself , the u . s . conference of catholic bishops has said .
behind the scenes , computer scientists worldwide raced to cope with enormous volumes of data that threatened to saturate some of the internet s most vital pipelines .
sheik abdulla bin hamad al khalifa , the second son of the king of bahrain , claims that jackson reneged on a contract for an album , a candid autobiography and a stage play , after accepting millions in advances .
in northwest pakistan , police say a suicide attack has at least left , has left at least seven people dead and others wounded .
the university statement said the other two in the video are now former students danie grobler and johnny roberts .
wolverine , was leaked online a month before its official release .
it s quite regular and quite normal for senior iraqi politicians to receive checkups or medical treatment outside of iraq i don t think that this is too big of an issue .
now retired from the bench , butler sloss was primarily a family court judge , and those cases are heard without juries .
on the other hand , the global population will continue to grow steadily from the current . billion to . billion in , despite sharp fall in fertility rates in developed countries .
results of a poll released tuesday show that percent of americans support the current bush administration s plan to cut one third of uncle sam s forces in south korea by the end of next year .
economists from financial institutions unanimously predicted that the bank of korea bok will freeze the december target for the call rate at a six year high of percent on friday , the poll by yonhap infomax , the financial news arm of yonhap news agency , showed .
one who was present and the eventual winner , who funneled his bids into the auctioneer s earpiece .
clearwater , florida cnn linda hogan has filed for divorce from her wrestler husband hulk hogan , a newspaper reported friday .
john gardiner , a spokesman for ford s premier automotive group , said tuesday ford had been reviewing all of its operations for a year .
a quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds .
prime minister ariel sharon threatened that israel would respond with severity and use all measures to respond and stop the firing of qassam , an aide said .
and after years , no less !
the automobile is synonymous with the personal freedom and high standard of living of the consumer lifestyle .
the korea times reports a second generation korean american was arrested here after evading an fbi search for nearly nine years on charges of killing a retired policeman in the united states .
the ventral tegmental , which produces dopamine , a powerful neurotransmitter that affects pleasure and motivation .
the american people have lost faith in president bush s course of action in iraq and they are demanding a new direction , she said .
london , england cnn a man hopped over a security barrier in the british museum on monday and tied surgical masks to the faces of two chinese terracotta warriors in a protest against china s pollution problems .
all this latest economic news may be rattling those folks with good jobs and good credit .
giuliani s biggest single source of income between january and february came from speaking engagements around the world .
south korea s economic growth for next year may drop to below percent in the worst case scenario involving a confrontation between north korea and the international community , a private research institute said yesterday .
thousands of aborigines who were removed from their families as children will receive no compensation , the australian government has said .
that s the sort of question seldom raised about late night talk tv , whose hosts keep the audience content with variations on a durable formula , night after night , gag after gag , guest after guest .
normally , the plane conducts to plunges for its passengers who pay , for the ride , although that fee has been waived for hawking .
the arrival of android signals the opening round of the battle between google and its rivals such as apple to create software for the next generation of mobile phones that allows users to connect seamlessly to the internet .
the package containing explosives was delivered to a fourth floor law office in a building on the boulevard malesherbes in paris th district , near the champs elysees .
the commissioner emphasized pan national efforts and international cooperation are necessary to cope with current immigration issues .
another struck near a market area inside jaipur s walled city where tourists and locals frequent restaurants and shops .
the whalers claim they are trying to return the two men but accuse sea shepherd of not co operating .
while meshaal was living in jordan in , mossad agents breached the building in which he was sleeping .
on the streets of the dilapidated capital freetown , people huddled around radios in shops and kiosks as local networks broadcast initial returns from saturday s presidential and parliamentary polls .
yes , according to one conservative interpretation of the constitution .
lebanese soldiers set up checkpoints and patrolled the streets , as did civilian members of the shiite militant group hezbollah , who blocked the route to the airport and staged a sit in downtown .
the government is not considering yi s request , citing public skepticism .
a conservative american analyst said south korea s presidential election last week should serve as a wake up call to the u . s . administration to modify its course on north korea .
objects on the pitch also helped sheffield united beat manchester city in last season s fa cup , when the ball bounced kindly off a stray balloon and into the path of luton shelton to score .
ukraine is refusing to acknowledge the current transit contract , which is valid until , is flagrantly violating its obligations as a transit country and has not responded positively to any of the compromises proposed by gazprom to resolve the situation , gazprom spokesman sergei kupriyanov said in a statement .
an elementary school in the long island town is being renamed in honor of president obama today , apparently the first school in the country to do that .
after the meeting , bush will be invited to visit seoul , possibly july , he said .
in his october meeting , gambari met with the military junta leadership as well as with suu kyi .
monfils will play the winner of a match between third seeded marat safin and robert haase scheduled for later thursday .
the affected goods were mostly semiconductors , steel and telecommunications equipment , the report said .
ironically , before the match of the table toppers in england , chelsea manager luiz felipe scolari had reportedly suggested that his side could finish the season unbeaten .
it will not end . . . until it reaches the ocean or the winds turn around , san diego fire battalion chief bruce cartelli said tuesday .
among the wrapped up sectors are services , technical barriers to trade tbt , electronic commerce , competition , procurement , customs clearance and transparency , according to the korea times .
calderon condemned the attack in a statement on his web site .
both control parts of the region which is predominantly muslim .
yahoo is dismayed that citizens in china have been imprisoned for expressing their political views on the internet , the company said in the statement faxed to the associated press , which asked yahoo to comment on shi s lawsuit .
the pope later emerged for midnight mass , looking tired but resplendent in gold trimmed white vestments .
clinton told new york lawmakers this week that she d be open to becoming the democrat s vice presidential nominee , some of them said , but obama has said only that clinton would be on anyone s short list .
local residents and civic groups are already gathering names of corrupt officials to recall , following recent reports that revealed numerous local leaders spending taxpayers money on costly junkets overseas .
it was not known if the victims were wearing seat belts and the agency was awaiting the results of toxicology tests from the medical examiner s office to find out if alcohol or drugs played a role , burroughs said .
bonds , heading to his th all star game and th as a starter , was the lone giants player chosen for the july game in san francisco his first trip since .
small villages like liangqiao have little recourse against big companies that might be polluting their air or water .
james says it was magic , against the magic
antananarivo , madagascar cnn a self destructing palm tree that flowers once every years and then dies has been discovered on the indian ocean island of madagascar , botanists said thursday .
as expected , brown emphasized that the u . s . british alliance remains strong , but he also said he was disappointed with some aspects of the effort in iraq namely difficulties getting political reconciliation within iraq itself , moving forward the reconstruction and the time it has taken to do so .
sharapova , who lost in the final last year to serena williams , will play the winner of thursday s second semifinal between serbian player ana ivanovic and slovakia s daniela hantuchova .
the space station is currently almost tons and percent complete .
over the weekend , dozens of celebrity gossip web sites posted articles about the comment , many saying that smith believed that hitler was a good person .
cnn estimates that obama will win at least seven delegates and clinton will win at least four , with one delegate still outstanding . five of wyoming s delegates will be allocated at the state convention , which will be held memorial day in jackson , but the allocation will be based on caucus results .
bush said monday he recognized the threat musharraf faces from extremists , citing past attempts on musharraf s life , but said the emergency measures undermine democracy .
the party s deputy floor leader , oh young shik , said , some members brought up the need for the party to use strong political influence so that the government would show more responsibility .
the high court resumed deliberations wednesday on whether to order the electoral commission to go public with the results of the march election , the journalist said .
we showed great confidence after two defeats in the last week . all great teams get over these mishaps and we did that tonight , he said .
last year s winner florida s tim tebow placed third , even though he had more first place votes than bradford .
tens of thousands of homes and businesses also remain without power .
gertner ordered the government to pay . million .
i urge president bush to call on king abdullah of saudi arabia to cancel the ruling and drop all charges against this woman .
she was jailed for the following years until without ever going to trial , and has always denied she ever personally killed anyone .
a vehicle being used by the terrorists as a fighting position was also destroyed by the close air support .
the forum comes amid heightened concern over the north korean issue in the wake of its missile tests of july th , and the five parties the us , russia , china , south korea and japan have been seeking informal talks .
women were particularly opposed to camilla s presence , with percent against .
ricardo navarro , , and his former partner , a russian woman identified only as svetlana , took part in a popular daytime talk show last week .
he will produce the film through his production company , appian way .
tackling the issue of what constitutes obscenity and pornography , the supreme court has broadened the definition of what is acceptable when it comes to depicting nudity aimed at adults .
we ve promised consumers that we d tell them efficiently and openly if we found any additional affected toys , and that is what we are doing today , mattel said in a statement .
obama warned supporters against overconfidence as a flood of new surveys gave him a double digit lead over clinton one day before the state primary .
the city is in virtual lock down as world leaders gather for the high profile asia pacific economic co operation forum this week
in april , he was given an month jail sentence suspended for two years and fined million won after being found guilty of starting a fire that demolished part of changgyeong palace in seoul , a world heritage site .
the lanky . meter bolt had produced his previous best performances before this year over meters and finished second to gay at this distance in last year s world championships .
later , in the southeastern neighborhood of ghadir , a second car bomb killed at least and wounded at least , the official said .
the taxiways , runways and all facilities at don muang airport are ready to resume operations by march , said deputy transport minister sansern wongcha um .
but on other topics such as steps for disposing of the dead and cutting off an astronaut s medical care if he or she cannot survive the document merely says these are issues for which nasa needs a policy .
they came and bombarded the houses of innocent people .
his participation has been in doubt after the year old was told he had to respect the uci s biological passport rule demanding that athletes must be registered with an anti doping program six months prior to competing .
the two women had alleged they were beaten up by mohammed al sanussi , , at his london home on november .
before cable and satellite existed , people relied on antennas to receive analog signals from local tv stations broadcasting towers .
the baltimore ravens are in tennessee to take on the titans in the afc s matchup .
the u . s . military conducted a simulation training exercise for a preemptive nuclear attack on north korea in , according to u . s .
soldiers are also setting up barbed wire fencing in certain parts of the area .
his film credits include dirty harry , every which way but loose and the three man with no name westerns .
the mountain is located just north of the border between the two koreas near the east coast .
amid privacy concerns , thruvision chief executive clive beattie said the image produced by the camera did not reveal detailed anatomy .
eighty five percent of college students surveyed in a new ap poll say they feel stressed in their daily lives .
roh s remark came only days after the supreme court expressed opposition to recent moves to scrap the security law and is expected to create a fresh ideological dispute between conservatives and progressives . president roh moo hyun said the controversial national security law should be abolished in a bid to promote human rights and enhance the nation s image as a democratic society .
he said in an unwavering tone that the u . s . troops in korea should remain stationed here as a stabilizing influence in northeast asia .
hiv positive travelers challenge countries with no entry policy
casey anthony has been charged with caylee s murder .
volcker also headed the investigation into the united nations oil for food program for iraq .
given the events of the past days regarding the visit of the holy father to la sapienza university upon the rector s invitation , which was scheduled to take place thursday , january , it was decided to postpone the event , the vatican said in a short written statement .
new york cnn a new york city council member thursday proposed pushing sponsors to ban abnormally thin models from walking new york fashion week s runways .
there have been media reports that washington was considering declaring some of the north s assets at a macau bank as legitimate , allowing the bank to end its freeze on some of north korea s us million euro . million held there .
in their last tally of arrests , the junta said that nearly , had been detained .
developers suggest the finished building will be at least km tall .
francis ford coppola s epic the godfather ranked no . , up one notch from , switching places with michael curtiz s favorite casablanca , which dipped from second place to third .
u . s . ambassador to kenya michael ranneberger said washington wants a recommitment by president kibaki and raila odinga to meet one on one under the aegis of kofi annan , as soon as possible .
a court in the bahamas is dealing with custody issues involving the child , who could potentially inherit millions of dollars from her mother s estate .
we ve got metal detector wands and search arches that can be used .
hundreds of lebanese applauded as army tanks shelled the camp a sign of the long standing tensions between some lebanese and the tens of thousands of palestinians who took refuge from fighting in israel over the past decades .
the flood water was receding in eastern bihar state where nearly million people have been effected in of the state s districts , said manoj srivastava , the disaster management secretary .
i m very glad to welcome tony blair into the catholic church , the statement quoted murphy o connor as saying .
neil armstrong s lunar landing may have been a giant leap for mankind , but his big , bulky spacesuit made it look more like a slow shuffle .
at least seven members of the cell are still believed to be at large
one million north korean visitors are exposed to these images of brutality every year as they are taken on tours through the museum s rooms .
adult tristan albatross are threatened by longline fishing at sea , a practice in which boats put up numerous meter long fishing lines baited with squid or fish .
votes are being counted in the state of pennsylvania , where white house hopefuls hillary clinton and barack obama are engaged in a critical battle .
somewhere in all of that and in the book perfume , i found some kind of a meditation on the interior life .
while the iridescent waters off the coast of texas and louisiana reveal the environmental jolt of a storm surge created by hurricane ike .
it is symbolized by three pillars long stone walls called the jamarat which pilgrims pelt with pebbles .
korea s potential growth rate continued to fall from . percent between and to . percent between and , and . percent between and .
he had been under medical treatment since receiving a liver transplant in .
officials in the bush administration said at the time they hoped the summit would lead to strengthening of the abbas government s infrastructure after the split between fatah and hamas .
the summit has also drawn protests in the philippines
sometimes the year old journalist would cry .
the technology behind these improved visuals , called directx , is the result of a collaboration among video game developers , graphics card makers and microsoft .
dominguez and his three children had been lost in the snow since sunday , when they set out to cut down a christmas tree .
but iceland says its use of cheap energy will help bring its economy around .
the military spokesman said tips that come from iraqi citizens , including the one that led to the diyala raid , are a sign of the growing trust with the u . s . military .
the discovery shows higher calorie intake prior to conception can significantly increase the chances of having a son while women on restricted diets are more likely to produce daughters .
nesta was forced to miss last july s world cup final victory over france because of a groin injury and has only featured once for italy since october s group b victory against georgia in a euro qualifier .
it will take time to have its full impact .
people who disappointed bush s victory are for canada .
people killed in a day by suicide bombers in iraq .
pakistan has denied published reports that indicated al qaeda is active and getting stronger in its tribal north waziristan region along the country s border with afghanistan .
about million thrill seeking souls will click through the turnstiles into north american theme parks this summer .
startled motorists called the police after seeing the boys alone in the car .
as for the economy , the head of the president s council of economic advisors christina romer tells nbc s meet the press it is like fighting a war
newman issued a statement late tuesday that said he s doing nicely but didn t specifically address questions about cancer .
prosecutors say that seale and gilbert were high ranking klan members at the time of the slayings , and that gilbert implicated seale to fbi agents .
repeated deployments have a toll on military marriages .
sumter county sheriff pete smith said two people were killed and at least seven people were critically injured away from the hospital .
publicly the un officials are saying they cannot confirm the junta s decision to reject the talks proposal .
first , try your hand at haggling .
on wednesday , a letter from the department of the army to aey s president , efraim diveroli , informed him that his company is suspended from contracting with the u . s . government until the investigation is complete .
twice a day , year old hannah austin exhales all the air from her lungs .
most alaska cruises include a day at sea sailing past glaciers .
rolling stone has ditched its extra large format for a more traditional size , printing on thicker , glossier paper and promising more pages per issue .
his office later said he was talking about a general military principle dealing with outside threats , not about launching an unprovoked pre emptive attack on the north .
in ramadi , insurgents launched a coordinated attack on a government building .
the vatican has urged all catholics to stop donating money to amnesty international , accusing the human rights group of promoting abortion .
the dead squid , measuring feet across at its widest point and feet from the tip of its body to the end of its tentacles , was found early wednesday by a beachcomber at ocean beach on the island state of tasmania s west coast , the museum said .
korea celebrates the st anniversary of liberation day tomorrow .
the tornado , which packed winds of up to mph , slammed into skyscrapers as well as landmarks like the cnn center and the georgia dome , where thousands had gathered for the southeastern conference basketball tournament .
our dog tilly loves the holiday season .
collins claimed that taliban fighters had adopted a new tactic that put civilians at risk using children as human shields during recent fighting near kajaki .
the korean people s army kpa air force command said an rc plane had flown over territorial waters on june th , th and th .
even after their entry , those with criminal records will be punished according to domestic law .
wendy cutler , u . s . chief negotiator and assistant trade representative , yesterday said north korea s nuclear test has made it more difficult for washington to include goods from kaesong industrial complex in the bilateral trade talks with south korea .
attempts are underway to get north korea back to the table after its feb . announcement that it possesses nuclear weapons and will indefinitely boycott the talks .
nowak , , allegedly stalked air force capt . colleen shipman and drove hundreds of miles from texas to florida before accosting shipman at orlando international airport in february .
the catholic bishops conference of korea , speaking on behalf of two other church groups , said that they would refuse in any case to allow outside directors on the boards of catholic schools here , whatever the law required .
the documentary also won best song for melissa etheridge s i need to wake up .
events this fall include apple harvest fest , september , and ithaca s annual used book sales , october , and , with a quarter million books for sale .
they came here on ships that had no food , no water , and many died , and then they moved into the tenements of new york and somehow , they managed to make it .
taylor , , said she would not cross picket lines december , which was world aids day . she said she asked the writers union for a one night dispensation so she and her guests could enter the studio with a clear conscience .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn
under mugabe s rule , once prosperous zimbabwe has suffered an economic crisis , with routine shortages of food , electricity and foreign currency .
. eggs
the further erosion of the consumer confidence index reflects the rapid and steep deterioration of economic conditions that occurred in the fourth quarter of , said lynn franco , director of the conference board consumer research center , in a statement .
it will undoubtedly have a significant , negative impact on the freedoms enjoyed by genuine fans on the internet , she said . authors everywhere will be forced to protect their creations much more rigorously , which could mean denying well meaning fans permission to pursue legitimate creative activities .
world health organization officials are now considering whether to raise the pandemic alert to its highest level
kyoto protocol , which expires in .
as south korea s pusan international film festival widely recognized as asia s most important film showcase and market wraps up its th year , one thing has become apparent , at least for the domestic industry
we have thoroughly considered the concerns of the european industry that they have about job losses , he said .
jerusalem police chief aharon franco said the lone gunman was killed by an off duty army officer who lives nearby and ran to the school after hearing gunfire .
google tool uses search terms to detect flu outbreaks
along with the dozen killed , at least others were wounded in the blast tuesday , hospital sources said .
us president bush has acknowledged the existence of secret cia prisons and said key terrorist suspects have now been sent to guantanamo bay , cuba .
the price drop monday was widely anticipated by industry analysts despite sony president ryoji chubachi telling reuters last week that the company had no immediate plans for
shadow culture secretary jeremy hunt hit out at the ruling , telling sky news i think the boa have been a little bit heavy handed on this .
after jeong told the police she got the list at chung s primary campaign headquarters , the police expanded their investigation into the presidential hopeful s campaign .
there is still a lot of work that needs to be done . there is no definitive consensus over whether these programs are as beneficial as people would like to think they are , says dr . mark mapstone , associate professor of neurology at the university of rochester medical center in new york .
the gangling new zealander devoted much of his life to aiding the mountain people of nepal and took his fame in stride , preferring to be called ed and considering himself just an ordinary beekeeper .
with nearly two thirds of the votes counted , hashim thaci s democratic party is leading with percent , according to results on the web site of the pro democracy group democracy , which is monitoring the election .
the group also called for regulators to improve oversight of credit rating agencies and to take swift action to minimize the risk of the giant and largely unregulated market of credit default swaps complex financial instruments whose proliferation some say poses a great danger to financial stability .
john mccain and two other senators are in afghanistan .
the number of net hosts
italy beat france in a penalty shoot out to win the world cup after an absorbing draw in berlin .
photographers snapped photos of ciganer albeniz and attias as they emerged together saturday evening from a car to see the abba inspired musical mamma mia ! at a broadway theater .
since last october , lee has topped all surveys , enjoying about percent of support .
last month the country s highest court declared the capital relocation unconstitutional , but senior uri party members and roh administration officials said yesterday they have not given up on the plan .
what we want to do is take them beyond that point and get them to start thinking for themselves .
south east asian nations have expressed concern over north korea s missile tests and urged a return to talks on its nuclear program .
the deal , coming after much larger settlements for the bombings of two u . s . and french airliners , does not cover american victims , including two soldiers who died in the blast at the la belle disco on april th , .
south korea is not shifting its foreign currency reserves out of the dollar .
the fast moving fires are threatening the san diego zoo s wild animal park .
a century ago people were less likely to define themselves by their occupations , and economists confidently predicted a future filled with leisure as machines replaced human labor .
incidents like the sarin gas attacks on commuters on the tokyo subway were carried out by other japanese .
there are concerns that the high price of oil will stoke inflation at a time when many central banks are trying to cut interest rates to stimulate growth .
there was somewhere between six million and million of them running around out there , officer steve merchant of the california highway patrol told cnn .
among elementary school children , . percent had sexual experiences , while . percent of middle school students and percent of high school students have had sexual intercourse .
she and others report the findings in wednesday s online issue of the journal neurology .
she said she could not comment on the timing or extent of such investments .
fried yucca and ice cold brahma beer are the perfect companions to ceviche , the national dish of peru , made with seafood , maize , crescents of sweet potato and a citrus marinade .
just a week ago , twin suicide bombers set off explosives at the pakistan navy war college in lahore , killing at least five people and wounding at least .
prosecutors say simpson and five accomplices attempted to steal items at gunpoint from the dealers , bruce fromong and alfred beardsley .
it s not an easy decision , and especially because i support a robust system of public financing of elections , in a video announcement e mailed to supporters thursday .
messenger , however , won t make it s first fly by of mercury until , and will not begin its main mission until .
shares of chiquita up . to . , charts fell nearly percent in after hours trading on the new york stock exchange wednesday .
corruption and food safety have preoccupied chinese leaders as they grapple with the fallout overseas after a series of scandals involving toxins in food and other products .
hume estimated that current levels of global carbon dioxide emissions would result in a noticeable reduction in australia s koala population in years due to a lack of palatable leaves .
the earthquake struck under the maluku sea at a depth of miles , the u . s . geological survey said on its web site . the quake s epicenter was more than miles north of ternate city .
but the late night landscape is about to change , and no one not the hosts , not the viewers knows how it will look .
garcia estimated that gates was worth . billion .
one of the lawmakers said clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has been pushing the idea privately for several weeks .
k pop superstar rain will make his hollywood debut in speed racer , the much anticipated live action adaptation of the iconic japanese animated car racing series .
spirit previously found clues of ancient water in the crater through the presence of sulfur rich soil , water altered minerals and explosive volcanism .
steven gerrard , fernando torres , dirk kuyt and ryan babel were on target in france as the reds finished their group a campaign with three straight wins to qualify against the odds .
providing them to more than , people .
the decision is seen as a reflection of anti foreign investment sentiment here , according to local and foreign media .
the broadcast did not say when the photo was taken , nor did it carry any video
wal mart s earnings report and a nearly percent slide in oil prices also played a role in the day s advance .
she was three shots back at the turn but putted the par th after hitting the green in two .
all primary schools , special schools and kindergartens and child care centers will be closed in the hope of slowing down the spreading of flu and provide a chance for schools to clean up and make a better environment , york said .
then , suddenly , the committee discarded the winning lyrics .
i actually started acting because i wanted to be in musicals when i was a little girl .
slavia claimed a champions league group stage spot for the first time after five failed attempts while ajax failed to go through for the second time in a row .
a subcommittee of the korean olympic committee decided yesterday that the city in gangwon province will be korea s candidate to host the winter olympics .
and was taken to seoul national university hospital , where he was pronounced dead at a . m . , according to doctors and his family .
hezbollah had said it would attack haifa if israeli planes bombed beirut .
i believe that i am the right age to realize this dream . i like pressure and i cannot wait to start this new adventure .
getting back to biden , the vice president says the administration is ready to take back stimulus funds if some governors , like jindal , refuse to spend part of the money .
in tokyo , chief cabinet secretary nobutaka machimura said tuesday that the government was canceling a grant worth . million for a business education center slated for the yangon university campus .
moroccans jamal zougam and otman el ghanoui were convicted of murder along with emilio trashorras , a spaniard .
as many as security contractors have been killed in iraq , according to u . s . congressional reports .
hsbc offered up its own real estate to transform the building s storefront into a living theater , where actors would repeatedly perform the same scene
on friday the government reopened corruption cases against sharif and a court ordered the arrest of his younger brother , lawyers said .
at cevichera las peitas , an entire meal , including ceviche and beer , costs less than .
u . s . markets shrug off recession fears
nassau , bahamas cnn a bahamas jury ruled monday that anna nicole smith s son died from an accidental drug overdose , just like his mother .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id dr . simon tsuo first saw the light in renewable energy years ago .
the first billion out of that billion federal bailout s being readied for the nation s largest banks .
barack obama gave the jolly old elf a shout out the other day
the defendants are expected to appear in court in new york on wednesday .
she said intends to return at least once to the mideast before the conference . rice said she wanted to help them narrow differences that they may have about what the nature of this document has to be .
he s not gonna change when it comes to taking on the enemy , bush said of the senator from arizona .
south korea has been the second largest contributor to the u . s . led coalition operation in iraq , after britain .
strier said the driver had spoken with the company and that he said a truck drove into the bus .
the woman told the kennel owner she and her partner would have plenty of time to care for the dog since both were students .
italy play their first game of the tournament against the netherlands next monday .
however , junior prosecutors criticized the decision , saying that the agreement has been drawn through discussions between the heads of the two sides without the juniors and public s consensus , and that they would push for a junior prosecutors meeting to discuss the matter .
the director , a native of poland who lives in france , has continued to direct films .
the mccanns accepted the damages and the couple said the money will go towards the find madeleine campaign .
crichton originally wrote the script for the pilot in .
and once you get through the moffat tunnel , you re right there at winter park .
some states get the electoral ball rolling with primaries an election where voters indicate a preference for a candidate while others use caucuses party meetings to endorse candidates .
the consumer product safety commission announced the recall on halloween , in a late morning news release .
the visa waiver program allows nationals of countries to travel to the united states for tourism or business for stays of days or less without a visa .
the colombian government declared a state of emergency monday , allowing officials to take over businesses that used pyramid schemes to steal millions of dollars from million investors .
russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats , president vladimir putin said on wednesday .
caracas , venezuela cnn the price of sin rose monday in venezuela where president hugo chavez is on a campaign to make venezuelans cut back on drinking and smoking .
http edition . cnn . com us youssif . arrives index . html ? eref edition us
there are about , unifil troops in southern lebanon .
the snake was still digesting the dog at the zoo wednesday .
this is the result of very tough and long negotiations . . . between the european union and libyan authorities , bulgarian foreign minister ivailo kalfin said . it has been a long discussion and debate with libya until we reached this agreement .
around two dozen reporters and cameramen had assembled around the rear gates of the family section of the building , an expression of the intense media interest the case has generated , as the couple went inside for the first hearing
al qaeda has put a , price on his head and offered an extra , for anyone who murders him by slitting his throat after the eccentric artist and sculptor drew a cartoon depicting the prophet mohammed as a dog .
in painting , there were , from artists around the world .
south korea and the united states on monday urged north korea to faithfully implement its denuclearization commitments , reaffirming that washington will reciprocate with pledged incentives .
president lee myung bak said sunday that pyongyang s attempts to bypass south korea for direct contacts with washington on sensitive security issues will not be successful .
giro d italia champion ivan basso has admitted being involved in the operation puerto doping scandal , the italian olympic committee coni said on monday .
gaza city ap israel s air force fired a missile at a house in gaza city late sunday , killing at least eight people , residents and hospital officials said .
the hotel heightened security as a result , the chairman of the tata group and taj hotels , ratan tata , said in an interview with cnn s fareed zakaria .
any amendment will not affect roh s term .
police erected barriers outside the parliamentary building to contain more than , cowen supporters who chanted and sang in celebration of his victory .
together with a third flight that arrived in myanmar , formerly known as burma , on monday , the planes carried , pounds of supplies .
benjamin button leads the overall nominations with .
it will take at least four weeks for producers to get the first post strike episodes of comedies back on the air dramas will take six to eight weeks , the ap said .
in a bid to allow the anniversary to pass peacefully , the major opposition figure , hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah , praised the late hariri in a letter published on the front page of as safir newspaper wednesday .
van nistelrooy topped the spanish league with goals after his move from old trafford in .
the six day visit is gambari s second to myanmar , also called burma , since the military killed at least protesters in late september and arrested thousands of people .
coach alain perrin rested juninho and other lyon key players such as karim benzema .
the movie , based on the popular comic and cartoon series , boasts a star studded cast , including sienna miller and dennis quaid .
police caught heng late on saturday after a nationwide manhunt , the official xinhua news agency reported .
most of the aid will go through china s dandong port on the north korean border before may , as requested by pyongyang , unification minister jeong se hyun said thursday .
lukas podolski pulled a goal back late on for germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail biting finale , but there was to be no way back for joachim loew s team , who finished with men following the th minute dismissal of substitute bastian schweinsteiger .
the last few days has brought fear of looting with a nearby maximum security prison collapsing , sending as many as prisoners into the streets .
a statement e mailed to the associated press from madonna spokeswoman liz rosenberg says the couple has agreed to divorce , and asks the media to respect their privacy .
south korea will continue its stem cell research despite the anti cloning resolution of a u . n . committee , according to the ministry of health and welfare monday .
president barack obama s billion plan to jump start the economy could clear the house today .
worse , in nearly percent of cases in adults in their s , shingles progresses to postherpetic neuralgia , an often agonizing form of nerve damage that can linger for years .
no one has taken responsibility for the attack , mayor michael bloomberg said .
in a conciliatory move on wednesday , a group of south korean tourism officials and business people traveled to a scenic mountain resort in the north on a recently built cross border road .
amid frustrations over the inability to enact a gaza security plan , al qawasmi had tendered his resignation to haniya a few weeks ago , but the prime minister did not accept it .
though i did not have dialogues with many people in the north , i felt that chairman kim was the most flexible man , roh said in an interview with ktv , a government run cable channel , according to his office .
with a pair of binoculars , the nondescript buildings and hangars we found are surprisingly easy to see .
honestly , it felt like when i was at home , the walls became very , very close in . i wouldn t say claustrophobic , but very cabin feverish , sandler said .
bush will arrive in south korea wednesday , one day ahead of the scheduled summit with president roh moo hyun in the southeastern city of kyongju , a u . s .
drawing on their own life experience , blacks are a little more skeptical than whites . but blacks , too , have come around , particularly after the iowa caucuses demonstrated that obama could win in an overwhelmingly white electorate , said bill schneider , cnn senior political analyst .
president roh moo hyun expressed concern over some korean who is backing u . s . more than u . s . citizens .
in a media blitz this weekend , kennedy sought to explain what sets her apart from the handful of other people being considered for hillary clinton s senate seat .
khurshid kasuri further told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that , pakistani troops were already in the federally administered tribal areas , a mountainous and notoriously dangerous region at the porous border between pakistan and afghanistan .
just by searching on google for the names of ex lovers , schoolmates , or people they have just met , they can find out more about them than they bargained for .
a conference discussing developments in space elevator concepts is being held in japan in november , and hundreds of engineers and scientists from asia , europe and the americas are working to design the only lift that will take you directly to the one hundred thousandth floor .
buddy , the dog , came along to keep bill company . he was the only member of our family who was still willing to .
orders for august start coming in this week , and those figures might indicate whether that demand exists .
samak is a political ally of thaksin .
i think it s important to note that yesterday morning university president charles steger and his staff , and chief flinchum in law enforcement , made the right decisions based on the best information they had available at the time , marshall told a news conference .
or , the feathered legs could have been an evolutionary dead end , other researchers said .
the theft , which was discovered by a property manager for madoff , is under investigation , authorities said .
that s going to stop . yahoo will report fourth quarter earnings jan . , bartz said .
finally i could finish the match in that game because who knows what would happened if it was .
we ll put people back to work , rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges , modernizing schools that are failing our children , and building wind farms and solar panels .
voters were also choosing lawmakers and more than , provincial authority members .
after an autopsy proved inconclusive , his death was termed suspicious .
the drug trade , economic development and the fate of remaining south korean hostages held by the taliban are also likely to be high on the agenda .
ferguson decided to switch things around four minutes later and brought on nani and tevez for giggs and scholes .
beckham has been chosen by england coach steve mcclaren despite his recent lack of match action and will earn his th cap against austria .
his infant son has been taken away in an ambulance and a former police officer , who allegedly abducted three people in south carolina saturday , has been hauled off in a police car .
the ministry said november exports climbed to . billion , marking a year on year increase of . percent .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
li said the embargo should be lifted primarily because it was a jarring note in the partnership between the beijing and the eu .
the organization contacted , respondents across russia on feb .
there are lots of public servants that work very , very hard and they need to be rewarded , but we ve taken the view that this is not an appropriate way of rewarding them , bowen said .
up to , people have abandoned the capital in the last two weeks , according to united nations estimates .
not only is no one buying , vasconcelos says , new leases are down , too .
previous hubble observations showed another collision between two galaxy clusters in which dark matter appeared to behave differently .
he had told the north korean officials the us thought that was too long , he added .
by p . m . local time , there was hardly anyone on the streets and only a few cars speeding off .
during the past few years the storms have grown in ferocity and scale , and they are at the vanguard of an advancing gobi desert that threatens more than million people in the chinese provinces of xinjiang , inner mongolia , gansu , ningxia and shaanxi .
the agency found reports of children s deaths connected with antihistamines , which are used to treat runny noses .
lawmakers would then vote in july on whether to release this money on the basis of a report from bush on progress towards political , economic and security targets .
brussels , belgium cnn members of the european union decided thursday to lift sanctions on cuba , a spokeswoman for eu secretary general javier solana told cnn .
the age signs on face was there .
the patient and her advisers have determined that the hospital s medical staff will not issue any formal or informal information on her medical condition , the hospital statement said .
they re still there , and they re still looking for bodies , journalist manesh shrestha told cnn from nepal s capital , kathmandu .
on average , the glaciers shrank by . feet in , the most recent year for which data are available .
burma s military rulers have appointed an official to liaise with detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi in an apparent concession to the un .
but without a majority in the upper chamber , abe s administration may find it hard to pass the laws that it wants .
investigators say rpr operatives were illegally on the paris city payroll in a scheme to help finance the party , and that the equivalent of millions of dollars in salaries and fees were doled out .
and so , she ran away from home before she was old enough to drive legally .
mccain continues to challenge democrats to admit the military surge in iraq is working .
here are some quick answers to seven key questions about the crisis .
top executives from general motors , chrysler , and ford , making their sales pitches again on capitol hill as they look for emergency federal loans .
in a notice posted at the venue of the conference , they said they apologize .
earlier , a provincial official in ghazni where the captives are believed to be held , said the taliban had again extended the mid friday afghan time deadline to allow face to face talks with the delegation .
clinique , the cosmetics company , came out with a perfume called happy you could still remember the bobby mcferrin song don t worry , be happy .
gambari visited the ruling generals , and opposition leader aung san suu kyi , in the immediate aftermath of the crackdown .
there have been scuffles between pro tibet protesters and china supporters at the start of the olympic torch relay in canberra , australia .
the short list will be whittled down to a winner in october to allow the host city seven years to prepare , under committee guidelines .
more than million voters are said to have already cast ballots in the thirty some states that allow early voting .
tuck s attorney harry kuehn said last week on cnn s nancy grace that tuck had been wracked by indecision as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
i ve always been a huge fan of tom waits and i had this kind of golden opportunity to make an album however i wanted and it s kind of a dream chance .
more asians are on the way .
lufthansa , which has orders for a s and an option for five more , expects to use the planes on its international routes , mainly to asia and north america .
most present users of the net simply exchange information with other people .
for the time being we have no plans to send any chinese onto the moon , he said .
the previous low was . million square miles , in .
the endorsement is expected to help rally support around the presumptive democratic nominee in the critical swing states of ohio , pennsylvania , michigan , wisconsin and minnesota , where union voters make up between and percent of the total vote .
the presidential vehicle is built to precise and special specifications , undergoes extreme testing and development , and also incorporates many of the top aspects of cadillac s regular cars
after the election , however , the government lowered its aim to around percent .
solid support from registered democrats and women were crucial , results from exit polls suggest .
we get to ski school and she s also lost her four day lift ticket .
las vegas has the highest rate of auto theft per capita of any metropolitan area in the country , according to data from the national insurance crime bureau .
kids are self centered enough already .
he is reunited with astana team leader johan bruyneel , who teamed with armstrong for all seven tour de france wins from .
a japanese whaling fleet has set sail aiming to harpoon humpback whales for the first time in decades .
china s military spending is largely oriented toward taiwan , which split with the mainland in amid civil war and has refused beijing s offers for peaceful reunification with the mainland .
palestinian leader yasser arafat is an enemy of israel , as he announced an extended military operation against palestinian terrorism everywhere it exists .
the boat is now in somali territorial waters , but the dongwon company says the crew is reported safe .
when the bubble burst in the early s , tokyo was hit particularly hard but , after years of recession , tokyo has the buzz of a city regaining its confidence .
more than one thousand people are injured and tens of thousands left homeless .
however , pascal chimbonda and robbie keane pulled goals back and deep into added time kaboul found the top corner to level the scores .
speaking at a security forum in seoul , song said the government is in the process of coordinating its position on the matter among different ministries and with other relevant nations , including the united states .
those computers , like those of all but the most recent vintage , probably were programmed to believe that daylight saving time begins the first sunday in april and ends the final sunday in october .
he says lack of education is the main reason why people in developing countries do not use technology .
during the decades of enmity following the korean war , north korea abducted and held against their will more than south koreans , mostly fishermen , according to south korean officials .
british prime minister tony blair expressed sadness at yeltsin s death .
the chinese government said at least , people were dead , but that the death toll was sure to rise as authorities began to reach some of the worst hit areas . an expert told cnn the . magnitude quake is the largest the region has seen for over a generation .
barack obama s two daughters had another reason to high five their dad s election to the presidency tuesday night they re getting a puppy .
lt . col . christopher garver , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad , said people have been detained , and four of them are considered high value targets .
coastal people have been eating whale for years and we have a right to decide what we eat , declared yoshinori shoji , head of the gaibo hogei whaling company , based in wada , a two hour drive east of tokyo .
giovanni said the final straw came when two of her students quit attending her poetry sessions because of cho .
later a flash mob protest , involving several hundred demonstrators opposed to airport expansion , took place at t . cnn s richard quest , describing the protest , said the day had started out well for baa but was turning into a shambles .
richey had been set to get out three weeks ago until a trip to the hospital for chest pains delayed his release .
the fifth nominee is ahn dae hee , the head of the seoul high prosecutors office .
to tie the hands of our commanders and say we re not going to conduct air strikes would be imprudent .
the winner travels the world for a year on behalf of charities and pageant sponsors .
many other people were left to sift through piles of wreckage and debris on sunday , wading through overturned cars , fallen trees and the remains of homes .
many shareholders criticized him openly for much of his tenure , as citigroup s stock lagged its peers while prince executed what was called an umbrella model of corporate organization , with several separate lines of business .
many diplomats here said the public humiliation of lone star fund created an image problem for south korea among foreign investors .
for the taliban , islam is more important than anything else , he said . it s our religious duty to shelter any muslim brother who s on the run from the infidels , even at the cost of our government .
there was what appears to be some form of attack during the night hours here in california and into the morning , said john crain , chief technical officer for the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers .
congo s last major ebola outbreak struck in kikwit in , killing people .
prosecutors accuse hutchins , the squad leader , of dragging awad from his home , shooting him in the street and then making it look as if he had planned to ambush american troops .
there were no casualties because all the commuters had left the bus before the blast .
general manager ha called the office of the construction site by cellphone around p . m . , some hours after the kidnapping , and said , all of us three are safe , according to officials of both the ministry and daewoo .
neither clinton nor obama will win the , delegates needed to capture the nomination outright , meaning the superdelegates probably will determine the democratic nominee .
but to citizens of other countries it s sometimes jarring , as if americans put their country ahead of any other , as if the united states thinks it has the right to tell the rest of the world what to do .
another witness was walking on a pedestrian bridge nearby when he saw the disaster . there were several cars completely just crushed .
american eighth seed james blake was knocked out in the first round by croatia s ivo karlovic .
the people s new party , a minor japanese party with lawmakers , asked fujimori this year to run in july elections for the upper house of japan s parliament . he had been expected to give his answer later in the week .
mccain , the presumptive republican nominee , outlined his plan to address the housing situation earlier this week .
bush has said he wants to deal with north korea diplomatically but has not ruled out military action .
greek officials have blamed the fires , which began last thursday , on arson .
police said they had received tips that similar methods of cheating had been used in classrooms in other cities where the exam was held .
nato leaders also approved membership plans for croatia and albania .
the american professor s words have been roundly condemned as racist , with fellow scientists dismissing his claims as genetic nonsense .
authorities believe the pile up , which shut down the highway for most of the day , was caused by very poor visibility .
omar has not renounced his father , but says he wants to be an ambassador for peace between muslims and the west .
bullock , , star of two weeks notice and days , married james in july .
police are investigating sunday a lift at a popular ski resort in central japan that had suddenly broke down , trapping people inside gondolas for about hours before they were rescued , officials said .
the then research scientist was working on infrared detectors for military use when he decided to switch his focus to something more civilian .
an urban brush fire that has scorched more than acres of los angeles historic griffith park should be fully contained within hours , los angeles mayor antonio villaraigosa said wednesday .
what investors need is a place where they can do business openly and transparently .
the president elect has also made no secret of his interest in having divergent views within his cabinet , and gates has served in various national security roles under republican presidents , including cia director during former president george h . w . bush s administration .
the latest israeli air raid occurred shortly after a . m . wednesday p . m . tuesday et , east of the jabalya refugee camp in gaza , the security sources said .
mark smith , with the president , london .
ian usher , a british immigrant to australia , put everything he owned as well as introductions to his friends on the online auction site after a painful breakup with his wife prompted him to want a fresh start .
but the dalai lama said he feared communist china would try to influence this process .
japan provided a million loan to finance the project , enough to cover percent of the cost , said yoshifumi omura , of the japanese bank for international cooperation in hanoi .
the first ever communication test to set up their permanent hotline comes two days after military officials from the two koreas signed an agreement on concrete measures to prevent any recurrence of naval skirmishes and ease tension along the world s last cold war frontier .
the animals were in the center of the lagoon and not near guests , she said .
i love the fans because they have been brilliant with me , not just this season but every season . like i said before , i feel at home in manchester , he added .
blix s demand came after a panel of u . n . weapons experts concluded the al samoud missiles exceed the allowed range of kilometers miles .
used to survive in harsh environmental conditions .
the tabloid news of the world , sister paper to the sun which broke the surprise revelation on saturday claimed the decision was made at a royal summit .
paterson became governor last spring after then gov . eliot spitzer was forced to resign amid a sex scandal .
the approval rating of the uri party has recently fallen below percent .
the duma approved putin by a vote of to .
since landing on mars on sunday , phoenix has delighted scientists with the first ever peek of the planet s unexplored northern latitudes .
several shorefront surf schools offer minute private lessons .
yet democrats , too , have qualms and have already started cutting .
the les paul silverburst model is to cost about , in japan and , in the u . s . , with self tuning offered for extra .
forget the new ways to make more money .
since then , pyongyang has agreed to end its nuclear program in return for millions of dollars worth of aid .
the ak party s presidential candidate , foreign minister abdullah gul , is a former islamist .
the constitution gives wider powers to the upper house but nearly half of its members are appointed , not elected .
the kitty hawk and its battle group are the centerpiece of the th fleet , the largest in the navy , with to ships , aircraft and about , sailors and marines .
treasury prices rallied as investors sought safety in government debt , sending the year note yield down to a nearly four year low .
nobody is ill , said hong jong taek , who is , one of the south korean workers , in a phone interview .
the declaration followed a roasting by christodoulos , who told the pope that an apology was needed for grievances ranging from the great schism of to a lack of publicly expressed concern over the divided island of cyprus .
khieu samphan was the last of five senior officials of the brutal regime to be taken in custody ahead of a long delayed genocide trial .
the identities of the other journalists seized in the raid were not immediately known .
anyone entering or leaving the country with more than , has to fill out a one page form declaring the money to u . s . customs .
at first , the embassy told me that the first available appointment for my interview would be at a date past the u . n . high level meeting i was meant to attend .
president elect lee myung bak announced the nominees for his first cabinet on monday , undeterred by an ongoing conflict with a rival party over his controversial plan to close five central ministries .
researchers also have debated whether weight training has a big impact on the heart , since it does not give the heart and lungs the kind of workout they get from aerobic activities such as brisk walking or running for at least minutes .
he asked . we can give you million .
al fayed , who spent most of the day in the witness box , let out a torrent of allegations that members of the royal family were racist .
more than people are thought to have been killed in a tsunami triggered by an earthquake off the island of java , the red cross in indonesia says . the earthquake , which had a magnitude of .
she has apologized to a faculty member offended by the toy s name , dealey told cnn .
carrying more than . million gallons of heavy fuel oil sank miles off spain s northwest coast , leaving spanish authorities scrambling to protect the coastline in the region where fishing is the primary industry .
the official said most of the letters have been sent to branches of jpmorgan chase .
alberto repossi told the inquest into the couple s deaths on august , , that they visited his store in monte carlo a few weeks earlier , on august .
the year old yow died this morning after being admitted to a hospital last week .
the san fermin festival dates back to the late th century but gained worldwide fame in ernest hemingway s novel the sun also rises .
north korea said on friday it would soon check whether it could access about million in the accounts at macau s banco delta asia , which were frozen after the united states said it suspected the bank of being involved in money laundering .
at least people including six americans have been killed in the mumbai terror attacks apparently carried out by just ten gunmen .
once a flat cityscape in the shadow of the formidable forbidden city , beijing has been struck by skyscraper fever .
and gossip was all we could do because the company wouldn t tell us anything .
it would be very much on a large scale
but bbc staff working in china now say they are able to access news stories that would have been blocked before .
shifa is the main hospital in gaza city .
the cdc estimates that there are million cases of dengue around the world each year .
the issues which attract public notice usually involve raising money for taxes , spending money for public works , defense , education , crime in the streets , and , most important of all , the economy .
endeavour s liftoff had been scheduled for tuesday , but last week nasa delayed the flight by a day because of a leaky valve in the crew cabin that needed to be replaced .
postal service whose postmaster told a senate panel that the financial impact of the anthrax crisis could be several billion dollars uses robots to sort parcels , but other automated equipment sorts letters .
at least once a month , she sends her shopping list to safeway in fairbanks and pays a small airline to fly her groceries across roadless miles to the athabascan indian village of people on the banks of the yukon river .
tim evans , an analyst at citigroup inc . , countered goldman s analysis with a note predicting that crude prices could as easily fall to a barrel as rise to over the next two years because supplies are , as evans put it , comfortable .
heineken results were better than expected . . . the strength of the company lies in the structural focus on premium volumes , which generate a higher margin than the average beer portfolio ,
president elect barack obama announced new mexico gov . bill richardson as his pick for secretary of commerce on wednesday , calling him a leading economic diplomat for america .
each threat is fully investigated by the fbi with other federal , state and local partners .
stress starts to melt away as you step off the ferry onto this washington island , just one hour north of seattle .
the five countries that abstained russia , china , qatar , indonesia and south africa argued that the council was exceeding its authority and interfering in lebanese affairs .
despite a high personal risk he still manages to provide help to the victims of the conflict .
asian stocks plunged monday after jpmorgan chase said it would acquire troubled u . s . investment bank bear stearns .
in northern kansas , people were injured in the town of osborne when a tornado struck a pizza hut and a nearby hotel , according to juanita arnold , emergency management director for osborne county .
a district judge considered issuing a restraining order against wielechowski , but his new bride declined the measure .
according to the u . s . geological survey , the quake was centered kilometers miles east of jakarta , at a depth of kilometers miles . it occurred about kilometers miles from shore .
the dead were the bodyguards of a local fatah leader .
but he needs to get to a point where he s comfortable .
anderson was previously married to singer kid rock and motley crue drummer tommy lee .
two of the kidnapped were executed while the rest were released , some after more than days of captivity .
through a statement by his lawyer , given to the british press association , prince bandar categorically denied receiving any backhanders secret payments and called the the reports serious allegations .
the demonstration scheduled for london was the largest of several planned across britain on tuesday , carroll said .
the teenagers check out just fine .
he didn t win , but it led to a record deal with victor entertainment .
bush said friday he was expanding those sanctions to include more members of the ruling junta .
sen . barack obama on tuesday rolled out ideas he said will help stabilize the u . s . housing market , while saying president bush s response was too little , too late .
clinton has been able to dictate the tempo in the last few contests , be that texas , ohio and then pennsylvania , tracey said . what she has to continue to do is dictate the tempo of this race with her tv ads .
to lower the risk of a sleep driving episode , he advised patients to never take any prescription insomnia drug along with alcohol or another sedating drug , or take higher than recommended doses of the pills .
for years , colombia has suffered from farc terrorism .
chancellor angela merkel vowed that she would not let the failure of any company disrupt the german economy .
fissiha treats plenty of donkeys in bedraggled and pitiable condition at his clinic kilometers miles east of addis ababa , in what the founders say is one of only two in africa a center for improving the health and welfare of donkeys .
a spokesman for kofi annan , who has been overseeing efforts to resolve the crisis , said the former u . n . secretary general reluctantly accepts ramaphosa s withdrawal .
the team will stay in north korea for about a week .
we are going to do everything possible here in illinois to side with these workers , blagojevich said after meeting with them .
the controversy erupted as mbc , a local broadcaster , was preparing to air some of the tapes , which would hugely affect political and business circles .
poland , a staunch u . s . ally , sent combat troops to the war in iraq and still has some soldiers stationed in the southeast , despite public displeasure with the mission .
officials familiar with the agenda of the friday meeting said vice president dick cheney , secretary of state condoleezza rice , defense secretary robert gates , attorney general alberto gonzales , homeland security chief michael chertoff , national intelligence director mike mcconnell and joint chiefs of staff chairman gen . peter pace were expected to attend .
with a number of group bookings scheduled for later in the week , the walk in guests may have to find other arrangements .
the financial row has been a key impediment to six nation talks aimed at getting north korea to give up its nuclear program , as pyongyang refused to address disarmament unless the financial row is resolved .
two of his sons have been charged with influence peddling , seeming to follow the tradition of corruption that kim had long preached against .
endorsements from john edwards supporters .
kalla did not address the problems such a stance might pose to police tasked with arresting marijuana users .
he said the arles region , in the provence region of southern france , with its roman beginnings , and the rhone are propitious for discoveries .
the intelligence official said some of those arrested in the latest roundup had flight manuals , but they have no real flight training capabilities .
the dow up . to , . , charts rose . percent to close at an all time high for the fifth time in the last six sessions .
the . mile bridge was started in and expected to be finished next year .
the vote of confidence from directors included former u . s . vice president al gore and google ceo eric schmidt .
the head of the firm s seoul branch and an executive at lg group will also be indicted , prosecutors said .
an eu delegation led by prime minister jose socrates of portugal , which holds the presidency of the nation group , is due in beijing on nov . to chinese leaders .
at least some of the , , year old objects appear to have been regarded as magical , the scientists surmise .
we gave roma their two best chances and roma took it and killed the game .
you don t want to see anything that reminds you of chores or obligations .
mccartney , , arrived at court dressed in a dark gray suit , waving to the crowd from his car .
with the aim of increasing the number of foreign students seven fold to , by , the education ministry said it will invest money to improve the education environment for people from overseas and encourage korean diplomatic and other agencies to help out .
police in egypt arrested banned opposition muslim brotherhood members .
two of those killed were women who drowned in their car after it was swept away by floodwaters , said karl wolf , a spokesman for the crisis management center in the zollernalbkreis region in the german state of baden wuerttemberg .
her beautiful eyes .
new york cnn tom hanks is supporting presidential hopeful barack obama .
president roh moo hyun s withdrawal of his plan to introduce a constitutional revision to the presidential system is seen as a win win move for both him and his political foes in the grand national party .
the turkish military , with its mightiness , could not annihilate them or arrest them , so how could we arrest them and hand them to turkey ?
dr . mussadiq khan of rawalpindi general hospital , who treated bhutto before she was declared dead , said she had a big wound on the side of her head that usually occurs when something big , with a lot of speed , hits that area .
in a news release , the navy said the ship apparently was overloaded and capsized in heavy seas .
we have taken all precautions , majumder said .
europe s cars do not have as many alternatives open to other oil addicted industries such as power generation .
kim tae young , chairman of the south s joint chiefs of staff , told a parliamentary hearing wednesday that the military would strike a suspected north korean nuclear weapons site if pyongyang attempts to attack the south with atomic bombs .
i don t think that we can resolve the issue of specific numbers or specific amounts during these talks , losyukov said after a meeting with south korea s chun .
robert said wednesday s sentence was too lenient for a crime that she believes is tantamount to attempted murder because one of her son s attackers was knowingly hiv positive at the time of the rape .
four of the suspects will also be charged with hijacking , hartmann said .
despite the denial , the web site of britain s now magazine on saturday cited sources in france saying jolie s doctor had flown in from california , and that the couple named the twin girls isla marcheline and amelie jane jolie pitt .
bush is also expected to urge karzai to assert his government s authority throughout the country and root out corruption .
but nowadays , relative peace and a booming economy draw boutique travelers to the andean terrain and ancient ruins that were previously the domain of brave , budget conscious backpackers .
stanley released a solo album last year .
the failure of the coalition government to fulfill its promise of restoring the judges within days had local media and many analysts questioning whether the coalition was fracturing , but both sides insist it is not in jeopardy .
a surprise defeat at almeria on sunday .
the youngsters had some adult supervision for their return to the wild .
lower wholesale prices , which would mean less profits for oil firms , combined with a higher tax could transfer money from big oil to the government , which could then use the cash for public programs .
the outsourcing industry has come under fire because the sedentary lifestyle of its employees combined with often stressful working conditions makes them more vulnerable to heart disease , digestive problems and weight gain than others .
bush s national security adviser , condoleezza rice , emerged as the likely candidate to replace powell .
of the resulting pregnancies , only two came to term last week and one of the bantengs weighed pounds kilograms , about twice as heavy as expected .
communist china s zhang yuejiao was among four candidates nominated to the wto s seven member appellate body in june .
the most extraordinary document in the world was placed up for auction and the most perfect outcome was achieved .
you can see where you are going , yet it takes forever .
at age , she was sent from the cotton fields of south carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in new york city s harlem neighborhood , the site said .
the decision comes amid rising consumer prices triggered by a shortage of raw materials due to increasing global demand .
the head of the committee , malcolm bruce , said the extra money was needed to help displaced people .
strong demand from multinational companies for too few modern office buildings will create abnormally high rents .
let me just say this , we weren t discouraged by polls when they were not favorable for us , we re not seduced by polls now , said david axelrod , obama s senior strategist .
all this highlighting the troubles facing the economy , even if the house follows the senate in passing a reworked bailout bill .
authorities want to control the flow of water rather than have the dam give way all at once by creating a spillway .
police were investigating the report of an assault early saturday at the club in soho , but declined to identify any suspects . law enforcement officials confirmed news accounts tuesday that combs , , was the alleged assailant .
details on how to participate are not being released ahead of time .
a lot of drug murders going on there .
his brother , mohamed moussaten , remained on trial , accused of collaborating with terrorism .
the official said the charges will come within a week .
a year old boy drowned in quang ngai while trying to anchor his family s boat , and another death was reported in quang binh province , said provincial disaster official truong ngoc hung .
crude , already up more than in morning trade , rose further after the energy information administration issued a report showing worldwide demand unchanged , despite high prices .
a u . s . soldier from multi national division baghdad was killed wednesday during a small arms fire engagement in southern baghdad , the military said .
the u . n . leader said he will meet with senior gen . than shwe , leader of the junta that rules the country , also known as burma .
the court found ponosov had brought losses of , roubles on microsoft , ria news agency said , citing the judge .
publicized threats range from mailbox thieves and lost laptops to the higher tech methods of e mail scams and corporate data invasions .
the eu parliament voted to accept a resolution condemning member states which accepted or ignored the practice .
the dow ended the day , up points .
but northwest s pilots union quickly announced that it opposed the proposed merger , complaining that delta and its pilots union had come to their agreement without input from the northwest pilots .
lost that loving feeling ?
police fired back with water cannons and fire extinguishers .
three other sunni mosques in basra were attacked by small arms fire , causing minor damage .
letrisa goodman told authorities she paid for a piece , but only later was informed the store had run out .
the japanese government has hit back in the history textbook war , announcing that it will scrutinize history textbooks from countries , including south korea , china and the united states .
the rainfall during this year s rainy season may exceed last year s total by centimeters , according to studies in this area of the amazon basin .
the difference is the ways and means in which we can overcome these threats , putin told reporters after a one on one meeting with bush .
goh , a leading presidential hopeful with no party affiliation , defines his group as a pure civic group in an apparent attempt to distance itself from the nation s hopeless politics .
scientists in britain and the united states shook hands .
ex we were all set to go when the telephone rang .
the al withstood a two run home run by alfonso soriano of the chicago cubs and then three straight walks with two out in the bottom of the ninth before angels closer francisco rodriguez got aaron rowand of the phillies to fly out to right to end the game .
khost public health director gul mohammad mohammadi said six civilians were killed and others were wounded , most with minor injuries .
according to a new york times report yesterday , khan revealed that five years ago he was taken to a secret underground nuclear plant not the main plant in yeongbyeon and was briefly allowed to inspect weapons .
but the deal leaves the ultimate abandonment of those weapons projects to a potentially trouble filled future .
chrysler would not say how many fewer vehicles would be produced because of this shutdown .
three of them are also charged with tampering with a witness .
we respectfully disagree with the court s decision , and we re going to ask for a stay , said polk county attorney john sarcone .
musharraf said saturday that he would call parliament into session within two weeks .
united nations investigators concluded last year that hariri s death may be linked to high ranking syrian officials .
it is three years since hariri was killed , plunging lebanon into crisis .
police have said nowak wore diapers to avoid stopping during the mile drive from houston , texas , to orlando .
rubin , a former co chairman of goldman , sachs co . , has served as the chair of citi s executive committee , and it was also expected he would take a greater role in leading the company .
somehow , the plane stayed afloat and we were all able to get on a raft , pinero said . it s just incredible now that everyone s still alive .
revenues in the second quarter increased . percent , to . million , over the same period a year earlier operating income jumped by . percent , to . million .
make it three straight grand slam titles by rafael nadal over roger federer , nadal winning the australian open in five sets over his arch rival .
the year old fossett , a former commodities trader who was the first to circle the globe in a balloon , was last heard from september . authorities believe he was carrying only one bottle of water , but he is considered an expert pilot and survivalist .
they ve got to vote for whoever they think is awesome .
the farmers were charged with destruction of public property and assaulting police officers .
from the minutes of footage they showed , the film looks likely to meet expectations as one of summer s hottest tickets .
it would have been nice if the authorities could have warned us about this .
federer is the first man since bill tilden in the s to win the american grand slam four years running .
and the top people here at barcelona this week promise it will be a lot easier , cheaper and more exciting than what they have delivered via the phone so far .
two sources familiar with the conversations confirm to cnn that obama reached out to scowcroft for phone chats even before he ran for president , and the back and forth has continued in recent days as the president elect assembles his cabinet .
it didn t have to be this way . for some time we d been warned that the problems in the housing market could spill into other corners of the economy , obama said in his opening remarks .
laith kubba , an iraqi government spokesman , told the bbc that rebels were lashing out wildly , knowing their days are numbered .
the transcript also shows bin laden blaming global warming on large corporations .
three of the bombs came in the capital s karrada district .
the company ordinarily shuts down operations between dec . and jan . .
the surgery was the first such operation done in the united states .
the fate of american dissident harry wu
we need a president who can stand up to big oil and big energy companies and say enough is enough , obama said monday .
the iphone , which sports no keypad but instead a touch sensitive screen , was unveiled with great fanfare in early january by apple ceo steve jobs .
the council of fashion designers of america issued recommendations in january to help bulimia , anorexia and other health problems among models .
today i find myself hesitant to tell new acquaintances my ethnicity .
chung testified that he gave the money to jeon in return for a promotion .
singaporean ambassador chua thai keong , who witnessed asian english teachers in japan during his tenure there , said that korea needs to be racially blind to get the best teachers .
a spokesman for the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives told cnn that some of its agents were already on the scene to assist .
the scuffle took place at reconciliation place , where the relay begins , according to police , who said the man was interfering with the start of the relay . they gave out no further details .
to get help from a weight loss buddy on an internet diet chat room .
the canyon s ecosystem was permanently changed after the construction of the glen canyon dam in .
yang dodged the question by defending his passion for the company he co founded years ago .
gm sold , sierras in .
this forecast much weaker than one issued just months ago .
the volcano has spewed out its largest gas cloud yet , experts said .
the two sides also failed on monday to resolve a row over the suicide of a japanese diplomat .
this is good news for computer manufacturers and retailers , but bad news for the green screen lobby .
when congress voted in april to impose a timetable for withdrawal , only two republicans in the house and two in the senate voted for the bill . two hundred forty republicans voted against timetables .
traders are taking a lot in today , including news today that homes sales were down by . in august , but right now there is a moderate upward trend on wall street with the dow up about points .
the motive for the attack in the western city of tran was not immediately clear .
many middle east governments have backup satellite systems in case of cable failure .
in a few weeks , we will be on our way to nominating the next president of the united states .
students and employees at the school s mount pleasant , michigan , campus are being questioned about the incident , university police chief stan dinius was quoted as saying in the news release .
next week , more news from the heavens is expected as nasa reveals what the galileo probe discovered as it parachuted down through jupiter s roiling atmosphere on december .
president george w . bush s remarks thursday in which he labeled north korean leader kim jong il a tyrant , pyongyang called bush a hooligan over the weekend .
up points at the level .
the hostages were released in three groups throughout the day .
the former south african president s plane landed at heathrow airport monday morning .
last summer three men were arrested in germany for allegedly plotting bomb attacks against americans resident in the country .
the nation of less than a million people descended into chaos in april and may of when fighting between police and army forces killed people and drove , from their
aaa tracks gasoline at a national average . a gallon .
they say he was put in jail about a month ago .
it was true . the stores were empty .
the discovery , led by paleontologist david krause at new york s stony brook university , was published monday by the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
a new study suggests that the answer is no .
fonda , who lives in atlanta , georgia , is active in many social causes , particularly through the georgia campaign for adolescent pregnancy prevention , an organization she founded in .
gambari arrived in myanmar saturday following a week of protests by citizens and buddhist monks that were met with increasing force at the hands of government security guards .
by making themselves or their ip address available , victims open themselves to unreliable and unprofessional advice and the harsh judgment of their peers .
it clears your head just to get to appreciate all the sounds and colors and shapes .
now , i would like to make a difference .
a statement from the new south wales fair trading department said the product was supposed to use a nontoxic compound used in glue , but it contained the harmful chemical instead .
the candidates appearance at the yearlykos convention follows a presidential debate on youtube in late july , when they answered questions posed solely via online videos .
according to the israel defense forces , about rockets were fired into israel from june to september , percent more than were fired during the same period in .
a pattern , he says , that has been repeated millions and millions of times over the decades .
treasury secretary tim geithner says the government will use financial bailout money being repaid by large banks to give additional capital infusions to smaller banks pour more cash into them .
like so much in dominica , the journey takes effort but it s worth it .
more than were reportedly wounded .
putin , who becomes prime minister this spring , proposed during a july visit with bush in maine , that the missile defense system be based in countries more friendly to russia , such as azerbaijan or even iraq .
amal , a mostly shia muslim political party , is headed by lebanon s parliament speaker , nabih berri .
police would not confirm any details about their search .
stating that the korean maker infringed patents on basic technologies for the devices , samsung told the korea herald yesterday .
the crew of the dongwon ho comprises nine indonesians , eight south koreans , five vietnamese and three chinese .
the ministry of defense said it examined the reports and held onto the records solely to determine whether enemy aircraft had infiltrated british airspace .
unlike the , inmates awaiting execution nationwide including the other men at angola kennedy , , is a convicted rapist .
yesterday i met with president bush and informed him of my decision to conclude my government services as attorney general of the united states effective september .
sunday s clashes broke out after protesters surrounded the home of a top official they accuse of orchestrating last year s military coup .
five iranian revolutionary guard boats harassed and provoked three u . s . navy ships early sunday in international waters , the u . s . military said monday , calling the encounter a significant confrontation .
jt foods distributed tons of dumplings each in chiba and hyogo , the ministry said .
papers will be on newsstands every day , and the papers online offerings will be expanded , he said .
the bush administration said the defense system , components of which are to be set up in poland and the czech republic , is designed to defend against attacks from rogue states , not from russia .
last friday , he said , the main responsibility for achieving peace lies with israel , which must choose either to remain a prisoner of the mentality of israel the fortress or to live in peace and stability with its neighbors .
he will stay on in downing street until the labor party elects a new leader widely expected to be gordon brown .
he had been taken to hospital in what we had hoped was one of the slings and arrows of being , but in this case it was his final visit , he said .
london , england cnn british authorities told cnn wednesday they are examining a home video that shows singer amy winehouse smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she is heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti anxiety drug valium .
military and administration officials said the satellite is carrying fuel called hydrazine that could injure or even kill people who are near it when it hits the ground .
he was quickly approved as leader in a unanimous vote during a party congress that mixed promises of a bright russian future with traditions from the soviet past .
american idol has reached a plateau in the ratings , down only percent from . million average viewers to . million .
the people they want her .
japanese automaker toyota warned monday it will post its first operating loss in almost years .
thatcher was elected head of the conservative party in and took office as prime minister when the conservatives won control of the government in .
clinton on wednesday fended off calls for her to step aside .
canterbury , england australian robbie mcewen shrugged off a mid race crash to score a stunning victory on the opening stage of the tour de france in canterbury on sunday .
well , he told people he stood up to the nuclear industry and passed a bill against them . but he actually let the nuclear industry water down his bill the bill never actually passed .
opinion polls say sarkozy is the front runner for the two round vote on april and may , followed by socialist segolene royal .
human rights group amnesty international welcomed the eu lawmakers vote , but urged member states to carry out independent investigations .
it could be some time before there s anything close to a smooth ride for the economy .
an unspecified number were wounded in the blaze , which did not disrupt gas supplies , oil minister ali al naimi told reporters during a summit of the organization of petroleum exporting countries in riyadh .
the secretive communist government in pyongyang declared an emergency while cutting off international telephone lines to prevent details of the crash from leaking out .
a perfect time to catch up on novels , watch cheesy movies , and drink hot chocolate with marshmallows .
the docudrama was shot in a raw , improvisational style to chronicle the drama that unfolds over one school year .
yet the overarching theme is rapport and establishing some .
x files creator chris carter , writer frank spotnitz and other crew members gathered wednesday to discuss the tv series and declassify some information about the upcoming film .
second , iraq s oil contract game has just begun .
but rice s talks with prime minister nuri al maliki focused on iraq s successes in its recent military operation in basra and its work on key legislation , including an oil and gas law that will be completed soon , al maliki s office said .
we can actually feel the object being pushed against our hands .
roy barnes approves , alabama and nebraska would be the only states still using the electric chair as their means of execution .
exiled hamas leader khaled meshaal said his palestinian islamic fundamentalist group has put forward a list of palestinians it wants released from israeli jails in exchange for shalit , but he blamed israel for the breakdown of talks .
tentatively naming the support program as two plus four , seong said pyongyang and wonsan in the north had been targeted for development aid .
the u . s . will use advances in military technology and smaller , more mobile units to better respond to new security needs and the war on terror .
but he faces being sidelined for this year s world championship road race and next year s olympics .
minnesota sen . amy klobuchar a superdelegate holdout from a traditional swing state backed fellow freshman sen . barack obama monday morning .
walter alexander and michael mcclinton agreed to testify after reaching plea bargains with prosecutors .
dean swept ashore early today as a category five hurricane on the east coast of the yucatan peninsula .
we agree on the palestinian state with the borders of june , , jerusalem as its capital , fully sovereign without settlements , the right of return , but without the recognition of israel , meshaal said at a news conference in damascus , syria .
the seoul central district court is reviewing again the prosecution s request for arrest warrants for three executives of the u . s . private equity fund lone star .
manufacturing companies in everything from autos to steel have had multiple shifts for years , in part because it s cheaper to keep plants operating continuously than to shut them down and start them up again .
the bomb there exploded just before noon in a crowded area .
the boys were arrested on suspicion of gang raping three middle school girls from the city and two others from changwon on several occasions since january .
in the short run , the american economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , said bush , adding there is no more pressing issue than gas prices for many americans .
rudolf blechschmidt is currently in the hands of the afghan security forces , steinmeier s statement said . the german embassy has made telephone contact with him .
he is also suspected of ordering the special unit codenamed mirim to get rid of two tapes containing information against him , and he is also accused of having taken advantage of illegally wiretapped information for his own interest .
the korea times reports that after holding a meeting in seoul with his counterparts chun yung woo of south korea and alexander alexeyev of russia , hill told reporters that he finds two very different kinds of projects are taking place on the korean peninsula .
in a surprise move that sparked a rebound on wall street last friday , the u . s . central bank cut its discount rate by a half percentage point to . percent .
prime minister nuri al maliki compared the outlaws to al qaeda and vowed not to leave basra , where he is personally leading the operation , until security is restored .
the images were pixilated to obscure diana s face , and lord justice scott baker , who is acting as coroner , said none of the images would be released to the public .
andres iniesta made it just before the hour mark before ronaldinho sealed the win .
others took to the street in protest , burning at least gas stations in tehran and looting other businesses , according to fars news agency .
the inmates overpowered the prison guards and fled amid gunfire , sharma told the new delhi television news channel .
but polls leading up to the primary showed clinton with a commanding lead beating obama by about percentage points .
historians believe the foot meter warship was carrying tons of gold coins to buy the loyalty of the duke of savoy , a potential ally in southeastern france .
overcast , it was foggy this morning .
you don t have to be a lawyer to understand that there must be a motive behind such a crime , he said . alexander was not my enemy .
oil analyst peter beutel of cameron hanover says in volatile markets like this , prices tend to over react both on the high side and on the low side , and now it s sloshing back up .
officials say the maersk alabama is the first ship with an american crew to be held by pirates in those waters , and the crew has been trying to negotiate the release of their captain .
the war between the two sides has never formally ended , but seoul has promoted hopes for a permanent truce .
taylor has pleaded not guilty to all charges .
disneyland authorities immediately shut down the ride , and it remained closed tuesday .
among the many thorny issues is holidays .
since german re unification in , racist violence has broken out sporadically in the poorer east of the country .
her only child , a daughter , died of typhoid fever at age .
thousands of people enjoyed a laser light show in the capital kuala lumpur before the national flag was raised at midnight , re enacting the event .
children do not grow as well because they do not breathe as well .
some members of the rainbow coalition parties also voiced their objections .
one sided handling of environmental issues involved in the return of u . s . bases here to korea would damage the south korea u . s . alliance , general b . b .
as more and more people were commissioning pieces and collecting my artwork , it became clear to me that i should focus on my art full time .
the aaib says that it will carry out further analysis of the flight data recorders and that examination of the aircraft systems and engines is ongoing .
carol rothermel , a nurse , thought the operation on her sister joan reigh would be routine .
there s no answer , he said .
he said nowak appeared to take the news well .
the decision was made even though officials of australia had asked the united states not to bring such charges .
foreign militants who belonged to groups such as al qaeda and the taliban , who are not prepared to reconcile and give up violence , created other problems , musharraf said .
myanmar s ruling military junta imposed heavy security restrictions in the former capital last week as pro democracy demonstrations began to attract tens of thousands of protesters .
ainslie , who defended his olympic finn class gold medal in beijing this year , received the award in a ceremony held in madrid , spain , tuesday night .
if people harbor an equivalent to the birds powerful neural crest cells , perhaps surgeons one day could correct a cleft palate before a baby was born with a transplant of the right mouth growing cells , she said .
and they both have an interest in seeing greater cooperation between afghanistan and pakistan in fighting violent extremism . it s important to the future of both countries .
and he really has been married to roma for decades . beyond that , the truth is murky .
speaking during his flight to tehran , maliki said the main objective of the visit was to strengthen relations between the two countries .
the draft document says scientists are highly confident that many current problems change in species habits and habitats , more acidified oceans , loss of wetlands , bleaching of coral reefs , and increases in allergy inducing pollen can be blamed on global warming .
they told officials that they decided to defect after hearing on the radio that life in the south was better .
obama also says the proposal will be ready for congress when it convenes next month .
the future president three days before his daughter was born , saying he d like to have a child follow him into politics ?
public acceptance of biometrics has been slow to grow , and will continue to be an issue until issues of privacy and security of data have been brought up to a level acceptable by the majority of people , says isabelle moeller , general manager of the biometrics institute .
it changed the patient physician relationship .
the north retaliated by expelling u . n . monitors , withdrawing from the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and restarting a nuclear reactor that had been mothballed for years under u . n . seal .
the sources said the precise timing of the announcement has not been worked out , but daschle is likely to officially join the obama transition team as the lead adviser on health issues in the next few weeks .
his speech wednesday to a joint meeting of congress will come amid improved relations between the united states and france , something sarkozy has encouraged since his election in may .
investigators will interview crew members and review data and voice recorders to help determine what caused a passenger plane to veer off a denver international airport runway and catch fire , an official said sunday .
houston , texas restoration of a failed computer system returned life to a regular rhythm on the international space station sunday , as two astronauts took the fourth spacewalk since space shuttle atlantis docked with the outpost a week ago .
they can t concentrate that early when driving that early in the dark .
it comes almost exactly two years after china s first manned space flight .
it is not clear if the u . s . and iraqi reports are about the same incident .
japanese media reported that a passenger saw a fire in one of the engines before the blast .
perhaps singapore s biggest handicap is its lack of famous sights
that s the stuff you learn as the match goes on .
sudan , and had at least one living parent .
it could not immediately be learned whether aqua dots are made in the same factories as the bindeez product .
beijing , china cnn china on tuesday denied a report that its military had hacked into pentagon computers , saying the allegations were groundless and that beijing was opposed to cybercrime .
since it began delivering aid to the north in , the united nations world food program has gradually gained access to areas previously off limits .
in fact , team members say privately , other evidence they re collecting suggests that they may be finding all the matter that s needed .
it s not like finding winos in the street .
in a press conference at the national assembly , the deserters made public plans to form a floor negotiating group that will be the third largest in the parliament .
coalition aircraft were called in and pounded positively identified enemy positions using precision guided munitions .
those who climbed cables from which the bridge is suspended are members of students for a free tibet , said group spokesman tenzin dasang .
the move blocked a potentially damaging trial in the senate , which is dominated by the opposition .
pakistan s new parliament elected the country s first female speaker wednesday from the party of assassinated opposition leader benazir bhutto .
both the nationalists and the dpp are expected to announce their presidential candidates in may .
while the expedition s cameras found a high density of cardinal fish and huge coral , the vast collection of brittle stars was the highlight of the voyage .
the annoyed passenger reported the woman s wrongdoings to the police .
ruling uri party leader shin ki nam yesterday confirmed a monthly magazine report that his father worked as a japanese soldier during japan s harsh colonial rule of the korean peninsula from to .
the police and the national institute of scientific investigation nisi will identify the rest through dna tests , but that is expected to take to days .
i m proud of barack obama , she told king .
is russia still going to be allied with us ?
the same forces which helped drive the new economy could help push it down .
many of the same pumps can only count up to . for the total sale , preventing owners of some sport utility vehicles , vans , trucks and other gas guzzlers to fill their tanks all the way .
concern about supply has recently become the primary driver of the market , replacing earlier worries about a weakening dollar , and not even saudi arabia s promise last week of an additional , barrels of crude a day could alleviate those new concerns .
it will be the third time the games have been held in south korea .
the president said al qaeda s top commander in iraq issued an audio statement saying that he will not rest until he has attacked our nation s capital .
sen . barack obama s report showed a surge of interest in his writings as he drew closer to a presidential bid , earning more than a half million dollars in in royalties for one book and an advance for another .
a spanish judge on wednesday charged two more suspects , including the first woman , in connection with the madrid commuter train bombings .
whatever the corruption court will decide , i am ready because i know my countrymen have acquitted me . there is tight security in the philippine capital , manila , ahead of the verdict in the corruption trial of former president joseph estrada .
clinton , a democratic senator for new york , made the comment on tuesday during a senate armed services committee confirmation hearing for new appointees , including gen .
the company was established in but has shown no business transactions since then .
he was elected last march , promising voters he would ease tensions with china and forge closer trade ties with the huge neighbor , just miles across the taiwan strait .
this is the second time that the resolution on so called comfort women has been passed following the one passed on sept .
the attack drove home the lack of government control in the tribal region , where a local government official said authorities were trying to negotiate the militants peaceful departure from the shrine .
tehran , iran cnn iran and the international atomic energy agency both said on tuesday they had made progress in talks about tehran s offer of more transparency aimed at defusing a row over the iranian nuclear program .
in a desperate bid to garner voters support ahead of next week s general elections , the political parties are increasingly resorting to out of date negative campaign tactics , highlighting their rivals faults rather than promoting their own policies .
the german company it werke , specializing in biometric applications , has successfully implemented its digiproof system of payment by fingerprint in edeka stores in germany .
in the afghan government s account of the incident , interior ministry spokesman zmarai bashiri said the attack was staged on an american convoy at a . m .
the government reports the economy shrank more than first thought in the third quarter , contracting at an annual rate of a half percent on a sharp pullback in consumer spending .
warming will increasingly focus on solutions .
jay lefkowitz , the u . s . envoy on north korea s human rights , said last week that the u . s . should review the policy on pyongyang , given the lack of progress in the six party talks .
michael owen s first half injury overshadowed england s victory over austria in a friendly international in vienna .
the ap s washington bureau chief ron fournier on the latest ap gfk poll findings .
ghazni , afghanistan cnn two top taliban leaders and four south korean officials met face to face for the first time friday to negotiate the fate of hostages who the militants have been holding for three weeks , an afghan official said .
hundreds of students at the prestigious sechenov moscow medical academy were told to stock up on food and warned they would not be let out of the dormitories through saturday in an attempt to protect them amid a marked rise in hate crimes .
acting to crush the demonstrations , security guards have used increasing force in recent days , resulting in the deaths of at least people , according to media and opposition reports , which cnn cannot independently confirm .
gazprom has reassured the rest of europe that its natural gas supply , which runs through ukraine , will not be affected by the dispute with kiev .
but complications over north korean funds , frozen in a macau bank , delayed proceedings .
he is the answer to the trivia question
also on sunday , u . n . staff were evacuated from the chadian capital to the west african country of gabon .
she was prime minister from until , when her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations that she denied .
i m talking now as a prime minister and not as a member of the party . . . .
the most important thing a leader can have is true north .
democrat john kerry said monday he s never seen the united states such a target of world animosity as he makes a winding pilgrimage to the democratic national convention .
hilton initially reported to the jail just after midnight sunday and was released early thursday to home detention with electronic monitoring because of an unspecified medical condition .
its merchants dumped their profits into stunning palaces lining the renamed via garibaldi .
it is understood he was operated on again after losing consciousness .
rebuilding officials had said earlier that the final plan might incorporate aspects of several of the designs .
but no one yet knows which of the man s two missing boys the third set of remains could be .
vienna , austria cnn a teenager who escaped a year ago after being kept prisoner for more than eight years has said she considered her captor a poor soul , and once told him that she would eventually dance on his grave .
many people attend special ceremonies to hear speeches and band music .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
i think that it s probably a victory for the people , said stringer , who said she was proud of corporate executives who understand that we can do better .
earlier this month , singapore snagged the rights to host formula one racing , which it hopes will raise its profile abroad .
eliminating al badri is another step in breaking the cycle of violence instigated by the attack on the holy shrine in samarra , fox said . we will continue to hunt down the brutal terrorists who are intent on creating a taliban like state in iraq .
one ibm engineer involved in the development of the pc , dave bradley , thinks this decision changed the face of the industry .
washington cnn the day after jim johnson resigned from sen . barack obama s vice presidential candidate vetting committee , sen . john mccain set his sights on eric holder , one of the two remaining members of the committee .
the ap s rita foley is live in washington to tell us about it .
hill has spent part of his visit touring the yongbyon nuclear facility .
earlier this week , the u . s . treasury department ended its investigation into the small macau lender and said that ties would be cut with the bank and the u . s . financial system .
i believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler .
according to the korea times a local monthly magazine has reported that kim hyong uk , former chief of the state spy agency , was killed by a french gang in october after being lured to paris by a korean intelligence agent disguising himself as a student studying there .
now with reaction , here s jon belmont .
one of them was the former premier zhu rongji , whose name had a rare rong character that gave newspaper editors headaches .
benedict is to speak before meeting with u . s . cardinals and bishops .
in addition , president lee s first few months have been marred by bitter factional fighting within his own grand national party .
ryan giggs gave united a first half lead with his first senior goal at wembley in appearances but florent malouda equalized and neither side gave an inch after that .
we also had police sources who wouldn t speak on the record , who told us that he hit his head on the bathtub , as a result of the seizure , and that may have led to his death .
the belgian world number one is chasing the one grand slam title she needs to complete her collection and looked in ominous form with a barrage of stunning backhand winners .
maria sharapova has dropped out of this week s dubai championships because of a viral illness .
if this were not bad enough , most of the new arrivals will be in the exploding urban centers of the developing world , where the growth of the megacities is about to eclipse even the great urban sprawls of the industrialized nations .
her care was provided by her parents , other family members and aides provided by a nonprofit foundation .
a fast moving fire east of san diego that started early tuesday led to the evacuation of homes in the campo area , near the mexican border .
inside , they found the bodies of a year old boy and two girls , ages and . officers also found the body of a man with a shotgun beneath him .
geithner didn t pay the , in taxes until just before he was nominated .
continuing argue she has won the popular vote and that the party s superdelegates are able to switch their allegiances before the convention in august .
then he was coaxed into some hugs , a telling lesson for the republican candidate to embrace a giant challenge the gender gap .
the roof caved in again today on the new york stock exchange , the dow nose diving points .
the killing of witches , or sangumas , is not a new phenomenon in rural areas of the country .
the former ruling liberal party made the original decision to send troops into afghanistan after declining to send troops to iraq .
naomi campbell was admitted to hospital . . . to have a small cyst removed , her publicist , jeff raymond , said in a statement .
i mean , remarkable , the republican presidential nominee continued .
it was a bolt out of the blue . we d been praying for their release , and when it actually happened , i think i fell to the floor , and paul burst into tears .
most of the growth in the . billion global sports shoe market is expected to come from emerging markets .
six year old cole puffinburger is safe and sound .
little strategy is required during combat sequences .
the russian foreign ministry and nuclear officials said the fuel delivery was under full iaea safeguards .
cnn the macworld conference expo , silicon valley s largest technology trade show , opens monday .
use your brain or lose it .
for the first time , the united nations population division projects that future fertility levels in most developing countries will likely fall below . children per woman , the level needed to ensure the long term replacement of the population , at some point in the st century , said the forecast .
brad pitt and cate blanchett , once the stars of babel and now pairing off in the curious case of benjamin button
university of maryland economist peter morrissey says the plan includes a deal between the government and private companies
noriega was captured in january , following a u . s . invasion of panama in december .
with ac milan held to a draw by lazio last night , the viola s victory moved them four points clear of the rossoneri in the race to finish in the champions league qualifying spots .
they chanted various slogans calling for abolition of the korea u . s . fta , no discrimination against non regular workers , withdrawal of south korean troops from iraq , abolition of the anti communist national security law , and easing of youth unemployment .
it was the second fatal strike on israel in recent days .
november from the previous month , the first drop in two months .
it could also threaten the catch of fishermen .
questions have been raised about registration cards in at least states .
teens on myspace mention sex , violence
the foreign ministry officially complained to beijing yesterday about the use of force against the diplomats .
that s all i can say , parker county sheriff larry fowler said . watch the sheriff describe the horrific scene inside the mobile home
his remarks had an impact on markets in the us , europe and asia , fanning already prevalent fears of a slowdown in china s booming economy .
it s a fully automated , electronic system for screening passengers before they begin travel to the united states under the visa waiver program .
fellow passenger jim nestor tells nbc s today show the woman and her husband stood out of the crowd
hollande also had said before royal s election defeat that he would not , if she won , live with her in the presidential palace .
david martin was bitten as he swam in the pacific ocean off solana beach , miles north of san diego .
on the other hand , roh was asked not to suggest anything on a unification formula , which would not command support from the people
unfortunately , the people that affect most are those uh , you know , truck drivers and other people trying to earn a decent living .
he said he spoke to her about the wooden box after the crash , but the fact that the contents were later stolen is evidence that she tried to conceal them , he said .
the gunman killed people , including himself , and wounded in norris hall classrooms .
germany and israel are linked in a very special way by the memory of the holocaust , in which million jews were killed under nazi germany and its allies in world war ii , she said in the first address a german chancellor has ever made to the knesset .
as these disasters draw attention to weather hazards , which many fear could be exacerbated by climate change , scientists are working to be able to better predict health dangers as they forecast the weather .
clinton said leaving the senate would be difficult for her , but said she believes that the best way for her to continue to serve the country is by joining obama s administration .
the testing program was available , bordry said , adding that he was unsure whether it was implemented at the vuelta , which ended on september .
the clinton campaign has highlighted those comments because of what they say is a contradiction between obama s rhetoric and action on iraq .
relaxing your body will actually turn down your heart rate . we ve shown that certain types of meditation will actually lower this inflammatory response to stress , which is undoubtedly a big player in heart disease .
studio executives felt they should get the boys out of the country before the kite runner opens december in the united states , colligan said .
the bill aimed to create a path to citizenship for some of the million illegal im migrants and to toughen border security .
hostages who could be freed include clara rojas , who was kidnapped in while she managed the campaign of sen . ingrid betancourt , a candidate for the colombian presidency , chavez said .
democrats like james mcgovern of massachusetts say the opposition doesn t really have the right to complain about huge amounts of deficit spending
the seoul mayor played tennis times from march through last year at the courts , according to the city government .
to soften the blow for that year old out of work middle manager is its biggest failure .
former kgb agent litvinenko died of exposure to radioactive polonium in london in november .
south korea is not as attractive as thailand , japan and most of other asian countries as a tourist destination , a survey showed .
it is scheduled to conduct its survey in mid july , although kim ok soo , a chief survey planner , said the date the ship actually enters disputed territory will depend on weather conditions .
the remaining were released for lack of evidence .
the opposition has been trying to build support around the country ahead of parliamentary elections scheduled later this year and presidential elections set for next year by getting people into the streets to voice opposition .
she just signed a reportedly seven figure deal for her memoirs and starts production on the first hannah montana feature film in may .
but when i had time to reflect , i felt empty inside . i want to leave a mark on the world .
the latest batch of indicators showed one of asia s fastest growing economies losing momentum amid stuttering growth in the united states and volatility in global financial markets .
tim geithner telling lawmakers the financial system needs comprehensive reform , and not modest repairs at the margin .
over time we both began to relax .
the pair has been photographed repeatedly in public in recent weeks
i ran inside with my gun and i touched the wall the stones of the wall of jerusalem and i felt something i can t believe , he says , his beard now gray with age .
a stalemate was resolved after the polish delegation accepted a proposal , socrates said .
germany s dax gained . percent to , . and france s cac climbed . percent to , . .
the six party talks will be held on july as china , acting as host country , is now discussing to finalize the date with the other five nations , a government official told the korea times on condition of anonymity .
the dow jones industrial average indu lost around points , seeing its biggest one day point loss of .
folks up and down the east coast are keeping busy this morning , blowing away that snow from the storm , dealing with a system that is dumping more than a foot of snow on some places .
phosphatidylserine is a lipid found naturally in the body .
a key measure of consumer confidence fell to an all time low in december amid a dismal job market and uncertain outlook for the new year .
the device exploded shortly after a . m . a . m . et on the second floor of a parking garage behind the luxor hotel casino , said officer bill cassell , a police spokesman .
turkey s army chief , gen . yasar buyukanit , said recently his troops are ready to attack what he calls kurdish terrorist camps in northern iraq .
rescuers have pulled at least people alive from heavy seas in eastern indonesia after a ferry sank .
piracy in the gulf of aden region , particularly in the waters off somalia , has soared this year with the international maritime bureau imb reporting more than incidents in the first nine months of the year .
a consortium led by royal bank of scotland plc won the battle for abn amro holding nv monday , as the largest takeover ever in the financial industry came a step closer to completion .
calcutta , india cnn a faulty air conditioner exploded sunday at a mcdonald s restaurant in the eastern indian city of calcutta , killing one person and seriously injuring three others , police said .
others fear scientists will embrace cloning technology at the expense of tried and true conservation practices like habitat preservation and conservation .
south korean security specialists will be dispatched to kirkuk .
but some supporters fear he s not making the most of his time .
it is flexible enough to adapt as the situation changes , and it is big enough to work .
it fell to yen . yen earlier , its lowest in years .
oil dropped below a barrel monday in asia on worries that prices are cutting into demand and as a probe into futures trading by a u . s . regulator continued to weigh on the market .
kasparov would have had little chance of winning the election , which almost certainly will be won by dmitry medvedev , the first deputy prime minister who got putin s powerful endorsement .
an african american living in los angeles is nearly times as likely to be stopped by police , more than four times as likely to be arrested , and nearly twice as likely to get a citation .
seoul , south korea cnn north korea threatened south korea with destruction sunday after seoul s top military officer said he would consider attacking the communist nation if it tried to carry out a nuclear attack .
the images , first published in denmark , have angered muslims across the world .
earlier , taliban insurgents called on the two presidents to agree to free jailed rebels at camp david talks , threatening that they would be responsible for the deaths of korean hostages .
he was accompanied on his trip by the vice president of iraq s kurdish region , kossrat rassol ali .
the announcement came hours after taliban leaders had threatened to kill more of the korean hostages they have been holding if afghan leaders did not give in to their demands to release rebel prisoners .
the italian football federation will no longer request tickets for away games involving the world cup champions until fan violence is brought under control .
on the eastern side , children bearing flowers welcomed the north korean train as it arrived at jejin station .
japan should take substantive actions to resolve the issues surrounding dokdo , history textbooks , visits to the yasukuni shrine and military sex slaves during world war ii , he said in a televised speech during a ceremony to mark korea s st anniversary of liberation day from japanese colonial rule .
when the artists of florence , italy , swung open the doors of the baptistery of the duomo cathedral now known as the gates of paradise in , a new world was waiting on the other side .
with most results counted , the interior ministry said berlusconi s centre right had taken in the senate , compared to for the centre left .
lohan , who spent time at a rehabilitation center earlier this year , was driven in another car to a hospital for treatment of minor injuries , lt . mitch mccann said .
more than lawmakers elected last month took the oath of office in the brief ceremony in the national assembly .
a spokesman for the dubai government , habib al mulla , told cnn the sentence was in accordance with international standards and was not lenient .
no charges have been filed , and no names have been released , lanier said .
a scottish church which featured in the bestselling novel the da vinci code has revealed another mystery hidden in secret code for almost years .
women should strive to keep their waist circumference below inches and men below .
abramovich owns pelorus , a meter vessel which has its own heli pad , while he reportedly gave away ! le grand bleu currently the world s th biggest super yacht to present owner eugene shvidler .
the replication cost for a videodisc will be less than a dollar .
clinton won the state s primary percent to obama s percent .
he said the practice of using discretionary municipal funds without providing detailed accounting had been approved by government auditors for more than years .
the problem is that from a technical point of view , we have had a very good performance in the last few weeks without any consolidation .
three computers in california and one in utah were able to have easy contact with each other .
voters in their s . percent and s . percent and self employed people . percent expressed strong support for the former kyonggi governor .
kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide attack in eastern afghanistan which killed people and wounded others on tuesday targeted a government poppy eradication team , afghanistan s interior ministry said .
she also suspects that this sensitivity might stretch beyond food to more abstract things like praise and attention .
the first lady turned senator was paid a . million advance toward the million book deal .
with that dedication , you ve been a credit to everyone .
the study included mostly white europeans , and about one in six of them are thought to carry two copies of the gene variant , concluded the british team , from the university of oxford and the peninsula medical center in exeter .
the government believes that if the reduction were forced through as originally scheduled , it could negatively influence the security situation on the korean peninsula .
the non combat troops have been working on reconstruction projects in southern iraq since february , protected by uk and australian forces .
but that was the result of regular economic data rather than the extraordinary financial crisis .
we need to acknowledge that it exists , and we need to be up front in saying we want to narrow that gap , we are going after the woman vote and he needs to be communicating aggressively both directly and through his surrogates with women all over this country , she said thursday .
today , at t employs roughly , .
it goes to a digital camera , the spectrum is recorded , and i take it back to the university of california berkeley to get all the data , said marcy .
i think the democratic forces of the world will stand with pakistan and democracy .
meanwhile , toxicology tests on benoit s body have not yet been completed , ballard said .
the korea herald reports bad loans at domestic lenders shrank percent in the second quarter , quoting a financial supervisory service statement that ignited a rally yesterday among bank stocks .
senate republicans have blocked a bid by democrats to give us troops in iraq more home leave a plan strongly opposed by the bush administration .
palomino said his own parents were among them .
michael jackson s lawyer says the pop star has agreed to come to london to respond to an arab sheikh s million lawsuit .
cnn colombian rebels wednesday freed four hostages held for more than six years , said a spokesman for the international committee of the red cross in colombia .
floyd mayweather jr . has agreed to come out of retirement to fight ricky hatton , the british boxer s father ray said on wednesday .
pakistan s tourism minister says she fears for her life after clerics at a radical mosque issued an edict accusing her of sinning by hugging her french parachute jumping instructor , the state news agency reported .
another were injured , police said sunday .
henman will play russian dmitry tursunov in the first round at the u . s . open .
he credited the iraqi security forces for these minimal casualties , saying it could have been much worse if they were not doing their job .
the prosecution said it will appeal to the supreme court on friday , and later to the constitutional court , to review the court s refusal to approve the arrest of the head of lone star s seoul office on stock manipulation and tax evasion charges .
more than four in five multinational foreign executives in korea said they wouldn t consider setting up regional headquarters in korea for a wide range of reasons including labor inflexibility , language barriers and a number of other factors including cost of living .
her story was the subject of numerous films and books , but first came to international prominence in the movie bandit queen , directed by shekhar kapur .
the new york philharmonic has performed in cities in countries , including a trip to the former soviet union in .
choose among them to suit your palate and your needs .
a study by australia s main scientific body found high levels of toxic emissions in cars for up to six months and longer after they leave the showroom .
they describe how under armed guard classified materials were dumped into large open trenches and set on fire .
police said the victims all of whom were from the school were apparently picked at random .
finance ministers of argentina , bolivia , brazil , ecuador , paraguay , uruguay and venezuela will sit on the bank s board .
that s when the pepper hit the fan . and , no doubt , fans of free stuff in general
alkatiri is expected to announce his decision on thursday .
officials took the site down a few minutes later , leaving a notice because we want to give a better service , we are working for you .
but the federal court of justice ruled last year that the lower court had not sufficiently considered the possibility of diminished capacity in making its recommendation , and sent the case back for reconsideration .
another lot includes a program , ticket and screw from one of the seats at a beatles christmas concert at hammersmith apollo in london , where fans ripped out seats so they could dance in the aisles .
the korean military yesterday announced it has agreed to purchase four surveillance aircraft from u . s .
in a dinner meeting at chong wa dae with legislators of the party , roh once again stressed that he would give up his vested interests and sacrifice himself in order to achieve the goal within his tenure .
the new regulations call for publishers to receive newspaper promotion funds from the ministry .
zardari , who has lived most of his life in dubai and britain following his mother s exile from pakistan , denied suggestions that he would not be able relate to the pakistani people .
women are much more likely to come in with hundreds of pages of internet printouts under their arms , and they ve become convinced they have all sorts of diseases , she said .
on the internet , all kinds of computers can communicate directly with each other and enter into thousands of different networks .
participants from countries are vying for the title of miss tourism , to be selected on saturday in malaysia .
sure it s better to visit campuses during the school year , but many of us squeeze in a visit or three when we re traveling during the summer .
the waterfront along the yarra river is lined with restaurants and shops and , for those so inclined , the grand crown casino .
children under age can t be charged with criminal offenses in the northern territory .
a muslim man jumped to the aid of three jewish subway riders after they were attacked by a group of young people who objected to one of the jews saying happy hanukkah , a spokeswoman for the three said wednesday .
the bbc s justin webb , in washington , says the president s move is an attempt to seize the initiative and to give the impression whether true or not that he is driving events .
too much carbon dioxide at the subway station may lead to a headache and the thunderous chugging noise may cause hearing damage .
i ve always just felt that was something natural , feeley said of going topless .
it s amazing , it s just gone
north korea balked monday at opening its heavily armed border to relief trucks from rival south korea , even as international aid groups sought more help for thousands injured or made homeless by a massive train explosion .
but human rights groups say the machine infringes civil rights and creates a divide between young and old .
she suffered a broken arm and other non fatal injuries .
but ronaldinho , who came on with his team losing with minutes to go , drove a trademark free kick into the top corner of the net .
lone star canceled a . billion offer from kookmin to buy percent of keb last year .
it is clear that educational disadvantage is born not at school but in the home , said the report .
the detectives say she is in good condition , nye county sheriff tony demeo said .
the location was in the mandali area of diyala province , and the prime target was a top member of al qaeda in iraq , who was among those those detained , the military said . also tuesday , iraqi and u . s . security forces detained suspected militants in eastern iraq , the u . s . military said .
the swiss are nothing if not punctual do not miss the last tram .
but senior mccain adviser charlie black told cnn , he is definitely not interviewing anyone , and this weekend is not about that process .
seventy two percent of white americans and percent of black americans surveyed in a new cnn opinion research corp . poll released monday say the nation is ready for a black commander in chief .
iraqis must overcome that bloody past if they are to have a say in their future .
local authorities and volunteer groups have appealed for members of the public to help elderly people stricken by the snow .
the results of an autopsy on jake s body will be part of a medical study on the september dogs that was started by the university of pennsylvania more than five years ago .
he pointed out , however , that it would be easy for an older man to interfere with a teenager s thinking .
south korean leader roh moo hyun has less than six months left in office , with presidential elections set for december .
at least nine mountain gorillas are known to have been killed last year , including an infant female .
it s a little sore , but not anything i haven t dealt with before , he said .
atletico finished seventh in the primera liga last season and are in the second qualifying round for the uefa cup .
but the asian firms are also well positioned to grab further contracts .
laurean s wife was still in onslow county and had talked briefly with authorities . brown described her as cooperative .
among mac users and industry observers , reaction to the minute keynote , which apple says will be its last at macworld , was predictably mixed .
cnn saudi arabia is increasing its oil output by , barrels per day , and the kingdom will convene an international meeting of oil producing and consuming nations to deal with the problem of rising oil prices , according to a statement on the country s british embassy web site .
the expulsion comes after a media report claiming that germany expelled an iranian consular attache last july after he apparently attempted to acquire equipment that could be used for uranium enrichment .
the bank had not drawn on the emergency facility by sunday .
he laughed at suggestions that the exile government was fueling the anti chinese protests , saying it was the natural result of deep resentment caused by china s treatment of tibetans as second class citizens in their own land .
walking several times a week is a good way to control your weight and even lose body fat .
u . s . officials have so far inflicted . . . damage on the iranian nation by spreading lies against the country and by disturbing public opinion , therefore , they have to pay the price for their action , iranian government spokesman gholam hossein elham is quoted as saying on the web site of the official islamic republic news agency .
on friday , madoff s attorney said the alleged swindler had waived his right to be indicted
lee has mentioned the canal several times as a critical part of his plans for reducing national and corporate logistics costs .
two other of abe s ministers have resigned since he became prime minister months ago .
we re very pleased to see that apple has done away with the irritating recessed headphone jack , which now is flush so that you ll be able to use any . mm headphones you like .
watch out car accidents on halloween day !
this year , united , continental and us airways also have announced plans to ground flights because of costs .
the prosecution has widened its probe into the gambling business amid suspicions that some lawmakers and president roh moo hyun s nephew are linked to it .
it is , yet again , further evidence that saddam hussein has not and will not disarm , the spokesman said .
an apparent suicide attack in iraq has left at least people dead and injured more than others .
but research published in friday s edition of the journal science shows strong evidence of a link .
district court for the district of columbia by more than family members , plus some firefighters and rescue workers .
karrada , on the eastern side of the tigris river , is usually one of the more stable areas in the capital but has been hit by a string of bombs in the past days .
it was the first defection in years of a commissioned north korean military officer , according to yonhap , an official south korean news agency .
and while they haven t been able to give servicemen and women everything they desire , troops are eating a variety of foods far more appetizing than the canned c rations of world war ii , korea and vietnam . explore the history of u . s . combat rations raquo
more than smaller earthquakes occurred in the hours following the original temblor most a few miles from its epicenter , but some also in central peru .
some of the most vivid memories of our experience in congress didn t happen in washington , they happened in africa , daschle said .
between five to cities in south and north chungcheong provinces , including osong in north chungcheong and janggi in south chungcheong , are expected to be reviewed as potential sites .
dozens of anti israeli activists clashed with police outside a closed arena where sweden and israel were playing a davis cup tennis match .
it was an appalling catalogue of failure on behalf of the police , said michael gallagher whose son , aidan , was killed in the bombing .
licensing of the olympic brand is a major source of income for the ioc and national olympic committees , said guy ryder , general secretary of the brussels based international trade union confederation , a playfair campaign member and worldwide union association .
though the officers returned fire , neither they nor mendoza was hurt , tranter said in a news release .
the poll said that percent of french would vote for the ruling ump candidate in their district in the first round of the election on june compared to percent for the candidate of the main opposition socialist party .
kuznetsova will next face anabel medina garrigues after the st seed beat fellow spaniard lourdes dominguez lino .
their ultimate aim was to reach kilinochchi the power center of the liberation tigers of tamil , better known as the tamil tigers .
and her parents have said they ll take her to britain for an abortion if the romanian authorities deny her one at home , a spokeswoman at the health ministry said .
north korea has charged that the united states left it no option but to secure nuclear arms as a deterrent and pledged that as long as it was subject to u . s . sanctions it would not return to talks .
i ve tried quitting and it s a lot harder than people think , harris said . a lot of people i know aren t happy about this .
it s not the sex that leads to death , said christine huffard , the study s lead author . it s just that octopuses produce offspring once during a very short lifespan of a year .
bikini girl now has plenty of time to work on her tan .
it s as if they are jet lagged , like they ve just flown into atlanta from san diego , said dr . barbara phillips , a co author in the study . for people who live in atlanta , it might be a . m . for a teenager , it feels like it s o clock in the morning .
late on thursday , the commission releases the first results in the election for the senate , the country s upper house of parliament .
ancient frescos and a statue of the virgin mary were pocked by bullets , and several rooms gutted by fire during the standoff .
he remained in the courtroom throughout the five day trial , occasionally conferring with his lawyers and signing autographs in the hallway .
kim was executed by muslim militants linked to the terror group al qaida about three weeks later .
it was not known whether police would take the man , vaalen gaanev of the web site reptilweb . no , into custody for questioning .
as part of a new military doctrine , tokyo has defined its role in the event of a conflict on the korean peninsula , saying japanese forces would undertake the evacuation of civilians and conduct search and rescue missions for downed u . s . and south korea pilots .
of his career titles , are on clay and four on hard courts .
all six victims this summer were male , ages to years old .
it s left the idealistic childhood .
zimbabwe s high court ruled monday that it would not force the troubled african country s electoral commission to release the results of the march presidential vote , two journalists at the court told cnn .
south korea also agreed to end all missionary work in afghanistan and stop its citizens from traveling there .
kookmin and lone star signed an agreement to transfer the bank in march , but the sale had been delayed for several months after seoul prosecutors accused lone star of stock trading violations in when it bought shares in korea exchange bank s cash strapped credit card unit .
he was rushed to pertamina hospital on january for treatment of a failing liver , heart and lungs , his doctors said .
during the interview , stone drew parallels between bush and alaska gov . sarah palin , now sen . john mccain s republican running mate .
the internet is for everyone , and with it comes responsibilities for everyone
the united states and cuba , which have no formal diplomatic relations , have been at odds for decades , but tensions between the two countries have increased in the past two years .
you can t blame this gene , named fto , for all the extra inches .
online , there s no doubt the white house is under new management
it will end in beijing , home of the games .
bickering between sens . hillary clinton and barack obama could affect democratic turnout in the general election , suggests a poll released thursday .
as the leaders of america s corporations closed the books on , they could look back on a gratifying year .
australia s prime minister has condemned members of his own party for distributing leaflets implying the labor opposition supports terrorism .
palestinian militants eluding an army crackdown killed two israeli children in a rocket attack from gaza on wednesday and israeli troops killed seven palestinians in raids in the coastal strip and the west bank .
all this highlighting the troubles facing the economy , even if the house follows the senate in passing a reworked bailout bill .
the swiss top seed and world number one will play marcos baghdatis of cyprus or argentine juan ignacio chela in the third round .
you get the feeling this guy wouldn t pass certain folks patriot tests he speaks fluent arabic , too , though he suffers mightily over the course of two hours .
journalists in ghardaia , where most of the victims drowned , said none of them had seen the baby since it was saved .
concerns over a weak housing market in the united states , coupled with worries about growth in the world s biggest economy , have rekindled another global sell off of stocks .
the race between romney and huckabee has become heated in recent weeks , with romney airing commercials attacking the former arkansas governor for his record on immigration and tax policy .
last week , the secretive state invited inspectors from the international atomic energy agency to begin discussions on the procedures for shutting down its yongbyon reactor .
karbala is a shiite holy city , and the imam hussein shrine is one of shiite islam s holiest locations .
the residences of both mahmoud abbas , fatah s leader and the palestinian authority president , and of prime minister ismail haniya , of hamas , have been targeted with gun and shell fire .
abe has faced growing calls for his resignation , but said he was intent on staying to push through his reforms .
the military rulers can easily crush protests by students and other people .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id british airways has been hit with almost pound
democrats , after taking over control of congress , promised to make completing the list a top priority .
incredibly , jwa hoon jung , a kma official , slashed his abdomen with a knife and wrote words of protest in blood .
kuwait ap massoumah al mubarak knows the power of democracy in kuwait .
also attending the service was british defense secretary des browne , families of the fallen troops , and recovering wounded military personnel .
device could help disabled at home
no , i m not going to do the impression here .
in a motion passed unanimously by australian mps on wednesday morning , rudd acknowledged the past mistreatment of all of his country s aboriginal population .
fashion designers , like the ones who create the clothes you re wearing right now , decide what attire dolls need and come up with the best design to sell to the public .
the survivors are thought to include nationals from australia , britain , france , iran , ireland , italy , the netherlands and sweden .
two new york lawmakers also told cnn on tuesday that during a conference call clinton expressed willingness to serve as obama s running mate in november .
this latest surge comes after opec s president was quoted as saying his organization will not increase its output before its next meeting on september .
the g summit has opened in germany amid disagreement over how to tackle climate change and worsening relations between russia and the west .
the crowds gathered on the vast tiananmen square , overlooked by a giant portrait of mao zedong , the founder of communist china , in front of a brightly lit gate of heavenly peace , exactly a year before the games begin .
she married lyndon baines johnson later that year .
while these matters are worthy of some discussion , they have been ripped out of the context and fabric of the man s life and vision over here on e street , we re proud to support obama for president .
but the two week gap between premiere and nationwide release dates is not deterring london fashionistas eager to see their icon carrie bradshaw on the big screen .
hu , who is , was said to be collecting data on the detention of activists and has been under house arrest since july .
year old gregg bergersen , plead guilty to a charge of conspiracy to disclose national defense information to persons not entitled to receive it .
in a cnn time opinion research corporation survey released wednesday , percent of likely voters questioned say obama is their choice for president , with percent backing sen . john mccain .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack called mughniyeh a cold blooded killer , a mass murderer and a terrorist who was responsible for ending countless lives .
the resolution would expand the u . n . mandate in iraq to include fostering regional dialogue on matters such as border security , energy and refugees .
the report notes the defense department expects to use fewer support troops than in the past .
the portugal winger was left dazzled before the draw against lyon in the champions league on wednesday .
an audio recording attributed to osama bin laden called on europeans to abandon afghanistan and accused nato troops of killing women and children there .
but observers say little is known about him the name could be a pseudonym .
prosecutors say the men all foreign born and described as islamic militants planned to use automatic weapons to kill as many us soldiers as possible .
it s our first ever dual primary so regardless it would be record breaking , he said .
the road to be a clown at ringling brothers has come to this day .
google is increasingly challenging microsoft s dominance in software products .
the earthquake that struck china s sichuan province this week , killing thousands of people , caused an estimated billion in damage most of it uncovered by insurance , a catastrophic risk modeling firm said wednesday .
at a summit designed to emphasize nato s unity after deep divisions caused by the u . s . led war on iraq months ago , france and the united states also clashed over afghanistan and turkey s relations with the european union .
korean officials plan to admit , foreign workers under the work permit system this year for manufacturing , farming and construction jobs , on top of , foreigners coming under an industrial trainee scheme .
children were given free entry to the zoo to help celebrate knut s birthday , and proceeds from sales of slices of the cake will go toward the zoo s foundation , officials said .
it was called the nazi scourge
gambari had planned to tell him , about the international outrage over what has happened and will urge him to talk with various people and try to resolve the problems peacefully , shari villarosa , charg eacute d affaires at the u . s . embassy in yangon , told cnn on sunday .
thursday s briefings to intelligence , foreign relations and armed services committees in both chambers of congress are intended to show that the building hit was a north korean designed reactor being built with assistance from pyongyang , the source said .
carter is the latest in a series of prominent democrats to say that nullifying the popular vote would be a flawed approach .
navy capt . lisa nowak s detail as a nasa astronaut will be terminated , effective thursday , nasa and the u . s . navy said wednesday in a written statement issued jointly .
ex the company is trying to dispel rumors about a take over .
excerpts of the interview will air tonight on access hollywood , with the full interview airing thursday on nbc s today .
access hollywood hosts billy bush and nancy o dell are scheduled to announce the honors .
but they agreed that candid conversation does work , and simply talking about sex to teenagers does not encourage sexual activity .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility , but indian government officials including minister of state for home affairs shriprakash jaiswal were quick to label it a terrorist attack .
the victory by lee of the conservative grand national party marks a shift to the right in seoul after a decade of liberal presidents who pursued a sunshine policy of engaging the north and largely refrained from criticism of its human rights record , ap reported .
during their romance , sarkozy was nicknamed the bling bling president by the media .
at his home on ybbsstrasse in the quiet town of amstetten , east of vienna , fritzl , a year old retired electrician , lived with his wife , rosemarie , and their three children .
seventeen were treated for injuries after the shooting , with four undergoing major surgery . nbc broadcast new footage of the year old gunman on thursday and defended its decision to use cho s videos .
his forthcoming arrival triggered a nervous reaction from lee myung bak , the candidate of the opposition grand national party gnp and former business partner of kim .
earlier , the taliban extended its final deadline at the request of afghan mediators , but insisted the release of taliban prisoners was the only way to settle the crisis .
thousands of employees and shareholders lost their life savings , and the country s four main political parties demanded that former executives be held responsible .
zimbabwe introduces billion note
in her books , including sex and the city , blondes and lipstick jungle , bushnell has given the pop culture world feminine role models with which it can identify .
islamabad , pakistan cnn former pakistani prime minister and opposition party leader nawaz sharif s attempt to return to pakistan after seven years in exile ended quickly monday as police ordered him to board a flight for saudi arabia , government officials said .
tatsuo mori , an engineering and computer science professor at nagoya university , said some hurdles remained , including making the display bigger , ensuring durability and cutting costs .
a black labrador retriever who searched for survivors in smoking debris after september and flooded rubble after hurricane katrina has died after battling cancer .
bernie peng reprogrammed tammy li s favorite video game , bejeweled , so a ring and a marriage proposal would show up on the screen when she reached a certain score .
prosecutors filed rebellion charges monday against dissident military officers and their supporters .
the groundbreaking move on wednesday marked the first time the city of new york has officially declared that exposure to world trade center toxins following the attacks contributed to a person s death .
on its web site , the company says it performs multiple operations such as providing of vehicles and equipments to customers , including the u . s . army and coalition forces .
when the hubble space telescope was first proposed , astronomers wanted it to be a time machine that could look back nearly to the beginning of the universe to see what was happening .
celeste taylor isn t sick , but she s carrying a deadly bacteria that could sweep through tampa general hospital , even kill her twin girls .
american research group april , muhlenberg college march april and quinnipiac march . this average does not have a sampling error .
pyongyang says its nuclear development is for peaceful purposes , and that it fears washington will invade north korea once it s done with iraq .
we are still hoping he will be available for saturday , and he is definitely not ruled out yet .
th with the world debut of happy endings , directed by don roos and starring maggie gyllenhaal , tom arnold and lisa kudrow .
speaking from jakarta , nabarro said british health officials are handling the outbreak in the proper way , the way that s been required by the european commission and i believe that under these circumstances , we would be unlucky if other farms in the vicinity get affected .
president barack obama , meanwhile , has picked a former shuttle commander to head the space agency .
your majesty , i appreciate your leadership during these times of danger and decision , he said .
it s good to be in the business of fixing things these days .
he hosted saturday night live this fall , he s due to play tina fey s love interest on rock and he continues to receive accolades for his work on mad men nominations for an emmy and a golden globe so far .
he said south korea has already asked the north to delete some sensitive parts of the performance before roh watches it .
under the february deal signed by the two koreas , japan , china , russia and the us the north agreed to shut down and seal its yongbyon reactor within days in return for aid .
the special group criminals were killed in several incidents in the new baghdad section of eastern baghdad , the military said .
washington cnn the u . s . embargo on cuba will remain in place despite fidel castro s announcement that he s resigning as cuba s leader , deputy secretary of state john negroponte said tuesday .
a total of miners were killed in , he said .
she has already decided to follow in tiger woods s footsteps by going to stanford university in california in the autumn but , unlike woods , she intends to complete her degree .
be that as it may , a lot of companies had a hell of a year , and a lot of their employees a hellish one .
the food and drug administration s warning includes both botox , a wrinkle specific version called botox cosmetic , and its competitor , myobloc , drugs that all use botulinum toxin to block nerve impulses , causing them to relax .
it was not immediately known if parker had an attorney .
there have been numerous reports of foreigners being kicked out of beijing because of tightening visa restrictions .
fulbright , who competed for the miss arizona title in and , recently completed a semester long unpaid stint clerking for a federal judge , u . s . district judge raner collins , his office said .
the number of detainees on hunger strike at the us detention centre at guantanamo bay , cuba , has grown and now involves inmates , the us says .
president roh moo hyun , tuesday clarified that south korea will not allow u . s . troops to become involved in any dispute in northeast asia without the consent of the korean government .
a slump in sales and a surge in the value of the yen have wreaked havoc on its balance sheet , with the world s second biggest car maker revealing that its net revenues have dropped by . percent compared to a year ago .
in other words , honestly request that people tell you where you re wrong .
england captain john terry looks set to play in his side s euro qualifier against russia after flying to moscow with the rest of the squad on monday .
american idol has one of the early favorites among the finalists
cnn six unicef staffers arrived in myanmar on monday after being granted access to enter areas hardest hit by the cyclone in a sign the nation s secretive military junta may be keeping its promise .
this attack happened in tal afar , which is a city that has been plagued by a number of recent bombings
on the advice of a friend , mckeever took her mother to a gerontologist .
the place clifford harrison and anne quatrano , who preach the alice waters gospel , opened seat quinones howell mill rd . , westside
high court judge basheer waglay also convicted four men of murder and robbery in the case .
treasury department s undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence , said that financial institutions must implement effective programs , including targeted financial sanctions , to combat threats from terrorist groups and proliferators of weapons of mass destruction such as north korea .
at the same time , the commerce department says new home construction fell another four and a half percent , to the lowest level on record .
the purpose of the palestinian incursion apparently was to kidnap an israeli soldier , an israeli official said .
she was found drowned in an empty bathtub in .
they were picked up by two red cross helicopters and flown to the venezuelan border town of santo domingo , where they strode about yards to a waiting jet , which took off a few minutes later for caracas .
she was freed last month .
now that i m the boss , i bring order to what others do .
though the desert monarchy s ruling family has close ties to the united states , it was also the home of of the suicide hijackers behind al qaeda s september , , attacks on new york and washington .
chinese premier wen jiabao , whose swift appearance at disaster sites has made him one of the nation s most popular figures and earned him the nickname grandpa wen , now has a profile on facebook .
soul diva amy winehouse has damaged her lungs by smoking crack cocaine and cigarettes , her father said in an interview published sunday .
we have no choice but to take measures to adjust he added , referring to the pace of disablement of the nuclear facilities .
videos playable on cell phones are increasingly popular in the middle east .
about people were in the audience when the blast ripped through the middle row of seats , killing people , including five college age students , reddy said .
oh s rifle and an empty cartridge were found near his body , a spokesman said , adding the army concluded that he killed himself due to pressure from his work .
cnn a slaughterhouse that has been accused of mistreating cows agreed sunday to recall million pounds of beef in what federal officials called the largest beef recall in u . s . history .
late word from ohio that the cleveland man suspected of killing his wife , sister in law , and young children was a newlywed .
on her new web site , launched in association with the television station , studio photos of the teenager sit alongside a short video in which she personally welcomes visitors to the site .
that gap is percentage points narrower than a similar cnn poll of polls conducted march through wednesday .
mergers and acquisition moves by foreign companies aimed at korean mobile phone manufactures are accelerating , according to the chosun ilbo .
there are things i don t want to recognize or face . experts say it s normal to feel sad , abandoned or even angry when a person with alzheimer s forgets memories and loved ones .
the korea times reports the supreme court ruled on thursday that conscientious objection to mandatory military service because of religious faith is illegal , upholding a lower court ruling against a jehovah s witness and ending months long debates over the issue .
the government says around , people die annually in turkey from smoking related ailments .
after new york was beaten in the first round by cleveland last month , the yankees offered him a one year contract with a paycut . insulted , torre turned it down .
cnn police in northern india have arrested six islamic militants who were headed to the country s financial capital , mumbai , to carry out suicide attacks on the stock exchange , officials told cnn monday .
called an asteroid while in space , astronomers refer to it as a meteor once it interacts with the atmosphere and begins to heat and glow .
in africa , rolls of flesh are usually seen as a sign of wealth and status , not of ill health .
you send will result in an interview , but some of them should . another clue is if you are getting called for interviews but you never get called back for a second round or receive an offer .
satellite surveillance photos indicate that a , man chinese army division is making preparations for a prolonged deployment along the chinese north korean border , sources in washington said .
on the same day as the message of sympathy was reported , the kcna slammed the u . s . as the world s worst human rights violator .
farmers in the nandigram area in west bengal fiercely resisted efforts by authorities to force land sales at cheap rates to build a shipyard and a petrochemical plant .
ibama has a veterinary team that captures the snakes and takes them to a zoo or to an outlying park to release them , almeida said .
at a news conference earlier , the agency released pictures of broken bottles they claim group members threw at the ship .
earlier thursday , ahead of rice s meetings in belgium , the leaders of both france and germany expressed similar sentiments , calling for a two pronged approach of pressure and negotiations with iran .
and while u . s . president george bush has not committed to attending the opening , he does plan to attend the games .
a series of bombings in london in , most of them on subway trains , killed people .
micron has reportedly offered to take over hynix s memory operations , including dram , sram and flash memory chips .
the usgs considers earthquakes between . and . to be major earthquakes .
the full route will be announced tuesday in argentina by patrice clerc , who runs the company that organizes the rally .
hyundai motor co . chairman chung mong koo s wait is almost over .
south korea planned to send a survey team to the kurdish region on friday to choose between sulaimaniyah and irbil as the site for its new troops .
eu justice and security commissioner franco frattini added it is not for the european institutions to pass judgments and to hand out verdicts but . . . to ask that the truth be sought .
the u . s . fish and wildlife service and the immigration and customs enforcement division of the department of homeland security were involved in the law enforcement operation .
state attorney general amy madigan tells nbc s meet the press that she wants him forced out of office if he doesn t resign .
two years after the accident , shank and her husband , jim , were awarded about million in a lawsuit against the trucking company involved in the crash .
nesta follows roma s francesco totti , who made a similar decision last month , in choosing to concentrate on club commitments .
both presidential candidates will join president bush and other lawmakers at an economic summit at the white house this afternoon .
with abortion becoming a major issue on the trip , the vatican released a transcript thursday that seemed to roll back the pope s comments a day earlier on the excommunication of lawmakers who vote in favor of legalizing abortion .
they say shortly after his trip , military dogs were shipped to abu ghraib and approved for use in interrogations .
the concern over the supply crunch and speculative buyers drove prices way up , according to analysts .
the three wage warriors and millions of fellow countrymen are busy spending future leisure time in their heads , as south korea considers moving from a six day workweek to the five day version that is standard in the u . s . , japan and western europe .
about , people rioted in the impoverished northwestern province of gansu last month over plans to move longnan s city government offices , which were damaged in the may sichuan earthquake , to a nearby county .
he claims lee had full ownership of an investment firm that kim used to rig the shares and embezzle about . billion won in corporate funds in .
the report looked at geographic variation in heart disease deaths for u . s . men over age between and .
earlier , there were concerns a work plan would not be agreed upon .
domestic sales of consumer goods fell . percent last year from a year ago , the first drop in months since january .
the mother of a year old girl , duran has done her homework .
u . s . and nato warships have been patrolling off the horn of africa for several years in an effort to crack down on piracy off somalia , where a u . n . backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after years of near anarchy .
according to transcripts read before a congressional commission investigating air safety in brazil , the pilots were unable to activate the spoilers aerodynamic brakes on the plane s wings as they sped down the short , rain slicked runway .
the conference board , a new york based business research group , said tuesday that its consumer confidence index fell to in december from the downwardly revised . in november .
vilsack , who was briefly a presidential candidate himself last year , told the associated press it s pretty clear that senator obama is going to be the nominee .
talabani is head of the patriotic union of kurdistan , one of the two main parties that controls iraqi kurdistan .
britain s tony blair warned sudan on wednesday the international community would not rest until violence was ended in darfur and a comprehensive peace deal was struck across the whole country .
she then takes a puff of a low dose steroid from a purple inhaler , holds her breath for a few seconds and exhales .
about , of aftra s , members belong to both unions , and sag leaders have urged those members to vote against the deal .
south korean officials said monday they have killed all poultry in seoul , the capital , to curb the spread of bird flu following a new outbreak of the disease in the city .
this is the second time this train has derailed on its journey from utah , trinidad said .
few were spared when president barack obama took the podium at the white house correspondents dinner last night in washington , the president even talking about mother s day and chief of staff rahm emanuel
the north korean army announced yesterday that it would re examine the armistice agreement that suspended the korean war and agreements between pyeongyang and the united nations command .
they showed off a large electronic touch screen family organizer integrated into the wall of a fridge , which included shopping lists and menus compiled from product bar codes , a family calendar and virtual sticky notes .
however , if limiting glamorous ads would prevent young people from taking up smoking , the fda s ban might not be such a bad thing .
the team cannot wait to get him out on the field with his boots on , his kit on , the galaxy jersey on , start to win some games and enjoy our time here , yallop said .
general motors corp . will introduce a new hybrid full size pickup and a concept hybrid truck this week at the chicago auto show , betting that pickup drivers have been itching to jump on the hybrid bandwagon .
however , the country is still struggling to recover from years of post soviet economic decay , instability and civil war .
how did you get this project ?
the korea times reports the national intelligence service nis , the country s spy agency , is wiretapping more and more fixed line phones and tracking the e mail messages of koreans .
london , england cnn britain s princess eugenie has been reprimanded by her school after being caught frolicking naked on college grounds , it was reported saturday .
news that snow would undergo surgery came a day after elizabeth edwards , wife of democratic presidential hopeful john edwards , announced her breast cancer had returned in an incurable form snow commended her for her bravery friday , saying , when you see an elizabeth edwards saying , i m going to embrace life and i m going to move forward , that is a wonderful thing .
strange lights in the sky , mysterious flashes , dozens of witnesses , a missing wind turbine blade and a tabloid splash featuring the pun
the u . s . troop cut would include some , soldiers already earmarked for redeployment this summer from south korea to iraq .
a baby s size when he s born is based partly on genetics .
the investments reflect an all out race to attract korean carbuyers , despite sluggish sales over the past few years .
you don t want it to come to that , but if we feel it s in the best interests of him and the ballclub , that s something we ll talk about .
consumers like to do the right thing , said joe sharp , managing partner of yule tree farms and co founder of the coalition of environmentally conscious growers . we are just helping with education .
oefelein , , was the pilot of the last shuttle mission , also aboard discovery , which flew in december .
hanoi , vietnam cnn floods triggered by heavy rains have killed at least people in central vietnam as residents braced tuesday for a tropical storm expected to make landfall later this week .
in summer thousands of kenyans lined the streets of kisumu , giving obama a hero s welcome on his visit to his father s home .
there are little moments that are grand slam home runs , says gilbert .
the german government , keeping in mind its responsibility for the holocaust , expresses its determination to shape a joint future by holding the first german israeli consultations , she wrote in the guest book .
the poll surveyed , adults nationwide , and carries a margin of error of . percent .
that is not his fault , nor his father s , the enemies of islam wanted him to destroy his life and those of other muslims .
al maliki , a shiite muslim , told reporters that terrorist acts including car bombings and suicide attacks have dropped by percent from last year s high , a sign that sunni shiite violence is closed now .
the resumption of party talks is immient .
both say they have real feelings for each other .
the potential for loss of life and serious injury was immense here , he said .
at the extreme end of the projections , a to degree average temperature increase , the chart predicts
in october , north korea admitted it was developing a nuclear weapons program in violation of the agreed framework reached between the united states and north korea .
nike announced a increase in pre tax first quarter profits on sales up compared with the same period last year .
mobile manufacturers , network operators , software developers and content providers are scrambling to find the content you want pushed to your third generation or g device .
barry nelson , an mgm contract player during the s who later had a prolific theater career and was the first actor to play james bond on screen , has died .
it can be found in the monograph of ms . goldin s works entitled the devil s playground phaidon , , has been offered for sale at sotheby s new york in and , and has previously been exhibited in houston , london , madrid , new york , portugal , warsaw and zurich without any objections of which we are aware .
tour de france winner floyd landis has blamed the u . s . anti doping agency usada after a report on monday that further analyses of his urine samples from the tour had shown traces of synthetic testosterone .
uefa is currently investigating an incident where a cigarette lighter hit steven gerrard during the liverpool marseille champions league clash at anfield .
oulu , finland cnn a japanese man out played challengers to win the air guitar world championship for the second consecutive year at a contest in northern finland .
it will also grant million won in an administrative fee , which is needed for adopting a child .
the show is huge , with about , exhibitors crowded into the . million square foot exhibit space .
standing on the apartment s balcony , youssif s father turned to barbara friedman , executive director of the children s burn foundation .
british authorities said they believe those two men are the same ones who parked two car bombs in central london on friday .
communist china has indefinitely postponed the release of an environmental report on the costs of economic development .
while these images were only discovered two years ago , we believe the photographs were taken between april and may , so clearly this man will be older than he appears in the pictures , kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol s trafficking in human beings unit , said in a news release .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas dissolved the palestinian government that included hamas following the group s takeover of gaza last month .
the danish battalion will be brought home by august , rasmussen said , according to the associated press .
there are nodules around the chest and dark marks . she has percent lung capacity .
the agency said the ad s headline hottest back to school fares combined with the model s pose in an empty classroom appeared to link teenage girls with sexually provocative behavior .
israeli air attacks have killed at least people in gaza , most of them hamas security personnel .
the appeal for talks came after perplexing signals from the isolated north that left officials in seoul and washington wondering just what north korea s intentions were .
london , england cnn the glistening treasures of king tut , the popular name of the famous egyptian boy king tutankhamun , are fascinating a new generation of londoners more than years after the first exhibition was greeted with fanfare on british shores .
he doesn t think anything will
the duck had a quail s pointy beak and the quail a duck s flat bill .
the lawsuit doesn t provide a reason for the chase .
byeon was alleged to have peddled his influence to protect shin jeong ah , who had worked as an art curator .
while meeting with south korean residents in poland , roh said a sudden collapse of the north will not be desirable for south korea as well as china , which share borders with the communist country , according to the korea times .
no , his explanation for his success is simpler pure luck .
japanese foreign minister taro aso is set to join rice tomorrow for talks in seoul to be presided by south korean foreign minister ban ki moon .
fighting between lebanese troops and islamist gunmen from a palestinian refugee camp has killed at least people in tripoli , northern lebanon .
he is survived by his wife , actress choi un hee , two sons and two daughters .
bill richardson bows out of commerce secretary job
the draft calls for these roles to continue , but would expand the mandate to include other activities .
kaing guek eav and one other suspect , former khmer rouge ideologist nuon chea , were detained earlier this year on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
american billionaire sheldon adelson hopes his venetian macao resort hotel on cotai will help launch a massive , concentrated resort area he calls the cotai strip , after its las vegas counterpart .
airbus on tuesday announced new delays on deliveries of the superjumbo a this year and next , saying it needs more time and resources to get the planes ready .
you cannot fight terrorism in a dirty war in our name , said ignasi guardans cambo , speaking for the liberal group .
most of them are minor , so in many ways , we are blessed , suffolk mayor linda johnson said .
a few weeks late to save californians same sex marriage rights , admittedly , but the need to keep on fighting through adversity may be milk s most important legacy .
the study involved heterosexual young men at stanford university .
new home construction was down almost there , with single family building hitting an all time low .
president roh moo hyun will extend a pardon for and reinstate up to business figures involved in various irregularities on buddha s birthday , which falls on may .
being the brother in law of samsung chairman lee kun hee , hong tops the list of public servants with a high financial standing , holding properties valued at some billion won million .
the united states is venezuela s biggest customer for the oil rich nation s petroleum products , importing about . million barrels of oil per day from venezuela , according to the u . s . department of energy .
berlin , germany cnn berlin s mayor has expressed concern at madame tussauds plans to include adolf hitler among prominent germans who will be immortalized in wax at its new museum , his spokesman said monday .
cnn you know how good it feels when you fish a bill out of your jeans pocket right before it hits the wash . imagine coming into hundreds of dollars from a savings bond or a bank account you forgot about .
canadian teacher christopher paul neil was the subject of a worldwide lookout posted earlier this month by interpol , the international police agency , after he was identified as the man in photographs posted on the internet showing different young males being sexually abused .
according to the seoul metropolitan government , there were homeless people living in seoul in .
host cities of the two international events will be decided next year in july and december , respectively .
nuclear armed rivals pakistan and india have a history of bitter relations , and have fought three wars since gaining independence from britain in .
private schools have been protesting the revised education law that requires outside figures to be included on their boards of trustees .
we re back to happy days again , said tony russell , senior equities adviser at abn amro morgans .
officially , people are dead with another missing , , according to authorities .
chidyausiku said the violence is not widespread .
forces loyal to deby battled rebels february in and around the capital of this former french colony in central africa .
which ranks among the lowest in the world .
seoul , south korea ap hundreds of truck drivers refused to return to work on may despite the south korean government s threat to use the police to end a five day strike that has crippled the world s third busiest port .
being linguistically creative , he says .
however , since assuming control of both the house and senate , democrats have had very little success in swaying the president s stance on the war .
while perennial favorites like spaghetti and beef stew please most palates , old classics have fallen out of favor like chicken a la king , affectionately called by some chicken a la death .
the foot tall norway spruce will be covered with , multicolored light emitting diodes , or leds , strung on five miles of wire .
the husband s very swift and diligent actions have saved the day , royal darwin hospital general manager len notaros told reporters .
the council of islamic courts ruled mogadishu and much of southern somalia for six months last year , during which they sought to impose an islamic state .
circulating text messages in favor or against a certain contender is also prohibited under the law , the nec said .
the report said the remaining funds , originally deposited in a variety of currencies , had been converted into dollars and put into a single account .
both obama and mccain are viewed favorably by the electorate .
the sons said their father claimed to have no memory of the past seven years .
lee s supporters have claimed that park s aides and the ruling camp have colluded with each other to attack the presidential race frontrunner .
if they like watching their teams play , it s counter productive to chuck something on to the pitch .
to actually tour with the songs would be wonderful .
there are about , of the protected and endangered dragons living in the wild , mainly on indonesia s komodo and rinca islands , he said .
seasonal rains and high tides in recent days have caused widespread flooding across indonesia the world s fourth most populous nation where millions of people live in mountainous regions and near fertile flood plains close to rivers .
those deposits , which can reach the equivalent of , and sometimes much more for choice apartments , are at the landlord s disposal during the lease term and are refunded to the tenant when the lease expires .
a decisive win in pennsylvania s april primary vote is seen as crucial for clinton as she seeks to finish the primary season with enough momentum to convince the party s undecided superdelegates to give her the nomination .
the council said it would rule on the fate of the medics only if the children s families accepted the deal .
the bmw was split in two in the wreck , which happened at a . m . , said lt . mike burroughs , a spokesman for the florida highway patrol troop b .
the conditions pose severe challenges to both sides and highlight the importance of financial and economic cooperation .
elsewhere in the region , hong kong generates , tons of air pollution a day , which is roughly divided into sulphur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide and carbon monoxide , plus uncountable tons of suspended particulate .
the strike which marks its th day on wednesday has reduced venezuela s oil output from nearly million to , barrels per day , sending the world price of crude oil above a barrel and depriving venezuela of million daily in export income .
police did not immediately know the motive for the shootings or the relationship of the victims .
today is a very meaningful day in sending korea s first citizen into space , he said .
u . s . defense secretary robert gates , who was due to visit the turkish capital , ankara , on wednesday , has also called for turkey to wrap up military operations as promptly as possible .
the symbolic and non binding resolution was passed during a voice vote in the house of representatives .
baghdad authorities also reported finding bodies in the city of people believed killed in sectarian violence .
researchers have uncovered a rare photograph of a young helen keller with her teacher anne sullivan , nearly years after it was taken on cape cod .
and while researchers do not yet understand the exact risks from decades of persistent exposure to random combinations of low levels of pharmaceuticals , recent studies which have gone virtually unnoticed by the general public have found alarming effects on human cells and wildlife .
colombo , sri lanka cnn tamil tiger rebels launched a deadly land and air attack on a sri lankan air base early monday in the northern part of the country , triggering explosions and damaging aircraft , military sources said .
russ knocke , a spokesman for the department of homeland security , equates searches of electronic devices to those of papers in briefcases .
i think anybody who understands the history of this country knows they are patently absurd . and i would expect that the same way those comments don t have a place in my campaign , they shouldn t have a place in senator clinton s , either , he added .
it also demands proof that a north korean ruling party bureau , in the past believed to be running illicit financial activities including drug trafficking and counterfeiting , has been made inoperable .
brown , aka scary spice of the spice girls , dated murphy last year . the year old singer gave birth to her daughter april .
zapatero s first decision upon taking office in was to pull spain s troops out of iraq .
the law , under consideration now for more than a year , has divided political parties with the christian democrats staunchly opposed to legislation and the socialist liberal green coalition supporting it .
snow is correct that even the president s critics have to acknowledge that some lawmakers in both parties came from august trips to iraq saying they had seen some progress on the ground .
washington says it is easing demands on north korea to try to resolve an impasse over a disarmament deal .
blogs lament the loss .
both were flown by helicopter to bayfront medical center , shelor said .
we will have to discuss them with the prime minister , and we will get back to you when we have a decision , he said . it may be days it may be longer .
the pope was not at the vatican at the time he was at the papal summer residence at castel gandolfo , in the hills south of rome .
twenty two nations are particularly threatened by the global food crisis that has seen soaring prices increase hunger , leading to protests and riots in some countries , the united nations said wednesday .
scientists said that a lake in southern chile that mysteriously disappeared last month developed a crack which allowed the water to drain away .
twelfth seed david ferrer beat seventh seeded croatian ivan ljubicic and carlos moya , another former french open champion , recovered from a bad start to beat eighth seeded american james blake in an entertaining scrap .
the number of korean credit delinquents has approached five million if the people defaulting on their telecom and department store bills are included , the korea herald says a set of reports revealed yesterday .
the sheriff noted that investigators over the weekend found lauterbach s atm debit card at a durham , north carolina , bus station and that investigators received several tips from people that laurean s truck was seen there .
in a statement bush said he looked forward to working with this new government to continue our historic relationship .
they are accused of illegally transferring m . m to foreign bank accounts during the general s time in power between and .
brown repeated his call for dialogue between the chinese government and the dalai lama , the exiled tibetan spiritual leader .
there were no us casualties , he said .
there s no model for what we re going to do .
wang would go on to win the legal battle in , securing her wealth after an eight year probate saga that captivated the city of million with tales of illicit affairs .
the european commission is planning to send . million in humanitarian aid to help flood victims , said louis michel , the european commissioner for development and humanitarian aid .
it was not clear what was in the boxes , the officials said .
like it or not , hotenough . com operates according to a principle that watchers of the singles scene have long recognized
the national weather service posted winter storm warnings from michigan , which could get inches of snow in some areas , to indiana and all the way to maine .
terrorism and healthcare rounded out the top four , garnering each .
but the lack of a dignified burial ground for children underlines the shortage of civic amenities , activists say .
seeking to understand how a facial cancer could be contagious , the university of sydney researchers found that the tumors had originated from a single cell line that was spread through the population by biting .
earlier , three israeli soldiers were killed and three wounded when hamas gunmen approached the security fence near the nahal oz crossing , israel s army said .
the raid will have a political impact on diyala , which the u . s . military says has become a hotbed for al qaeda terrorists who fled baghdad after the u . s . led security crackdown there , said maj . john woodward , executive officer of the u . s . troops involved in the operation .
a court in chad had sentenced the members of the charity zoe s ark to eight years of hard labor in chad last month .
near th opened in with good reviews for its healthy chinese food .
aloha said tickets for flights after monday will not be honored .
however , ali larijani , secretary of iran s supreme national security council , said that in order to resolve the impasse , britain would have to admit its military personnel had intruded into iranian territorial waters and guarantee this violation would not be committed again .
president roh moo hyun will make official visits early next month to mexico and costa rica and will attend the u . n .
the video shows at least a dozen police officers pulling the suspects out of a car after a vehicle chase monday night .
although sunday was the first time in months he has been seen in a televised encounter , it is not the first time he has spoken to the public .
there is word that the u . s . and iraqi negotiators have found an agreement on a draft of a security pact to replace one which is expiring at the end of this year .
in iran this week , the supreme court upheld a death sentence by stoning for a woman convicted of murdering her husband .
hawass said the style of the pyramid and of a gray granite sarcophagus lid found in the burial chamber indicates the pyramid was from the fifth dynasty , a period that began in b . c . and ended in b . c .
the cargo rail service is likely to give a further boost to the sprawling kaesong complex , which marries south korean technology and management expertise with north korea s cheap labor .
doctors found violating medical ethics could be suspended or expelled from the association , which would result in the suspension or termination of their state health insurance accreditation .
more than a dozen years later , hitler s rule ends in the wake of world war two and the holocaust .
it s the last day of the season , the last match and wins was great motivation . it s been fantastic and emotional and i just wanted to enjoy this last moment , said henin , who rushed straightinto the stands to celebrate with family and back up team .
one of the five militants was killed , and dadullah and the four others were taken into custody in quetta , according to javeed iqbal cheema , interior ministry spokesman .
denmark held the netherlands to a friendly draw in eindhoven on thursday , marco van basten s side s penultimate warm up match for euro .
but the yale team has other preliminary research that shows similar responses even in month olds , hamlin said .
that ad , published monday in the french daily le parisien , shows the smiling couple with a comic book speech bubble coming from bruni s head saying
the shopping slowdown comes as year on year inflation over the last two months runs at its highest level since euro cash was introduced in , with people paying more for energy and food holding back the domestic demand that could lift the economy .
the head of iran s atomic energy organization , reza aghazadeh , was quoted by iran s fars news agency as telling iranian state television that the shipment arrived monday .
eu president germany , one of the countries criticized , told lawmakers they should be more cautious in some of the accusations .
a rare swarm of comets rained over north america about , years ago , sparking fires that produced choking , leading to the extinction of a large range of animals , including mammoths , across north america , the report said .
the incident occurred about p . m . as the soldiers were conducting a route clearance combat operation north of baghdad , according to a news release .
stocks tumbled tuesday after citigroup s steep quarterly loss and a big drop in retail sales exacerbated fears of a recession .
the organization s report first contact in the greater mekong says plants , fish , frogs , spiders , lizards , snakes , mammals , four birds , four turtles , two salamanders and a toad were found .
the poll also revealed about a quarter of respondents felt the need to answer their phone even if it interrupts a meal or a meeting .
spears also says she is having to face a lot of things as she raises her two young sons .
a giant lobster named george escaped a dinner table fate and was released saturday into the atlantic ocean after a new york seafood restaurant granted him his freedom , according to a statement from the people for the ethical treatment of animals .
that technology is in development and still prohibitively expensive for widespread use , but microsoft expects the cost of the component parts lcds , cameras and sensors to fall significantly in the coming years .
in his review of the rolling stones concert , aftonbladet s music writer markus larsson gave the concert a score of two on a five point scale , and said richards appeared a bit confused .
with most votes counted in sunday s first round , sarkozy had nearly , with royal , bidding to be france s first woman president , on .
one more ginormous number to make your head spin this morning .
fire crews were investigating the cause , but it was not thought to be terror related .
golf legend seve ballesteros has had part of his skull removed to relieve pressure on his brain after complications following brain tumor surgery , madrid s la paz hospital said on thursday .
i lose a pound . but i think i ve developed a really good sense of when i m doing something for myself as opposed to when i m doing something because of other people s expectations of me .
contrary to widespread misconceptions , americans pride in their country is not evangelistic .
born in somerset , he came to fame in when a short story the sentinel was made into the film
according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he didn t anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on minutes , scheduled for sunday broadcast .
the government is considering restricting individuals overseas remittances , but there are fears this move may undermine efforts to liberalize foreign exchange transactions .
buenos aires , argentina cnn for the first time in three decades , argentina will not meet its goal of beef exports to the european union this year .
tama is a year old calico cat , who used to live a simple life hanging out at the train station next to her home at the grocery store .
with minnesota incumbent republican senator norm coleman s lead shrinking to just two votes over challenger al franken , the race may not be settled out until the end of the year .
his wife marie and other family members have said he was a good and loving husband and father and that prior to monday s attack there had been no hint of what he was planning .
the kidnappers freed the women and two men in three separate groups , a day after south korea announced its team of negotiators in afghanistan had reached a deal with them .
many of us regardless of the first round do not want a france ruled by the law of the strongest or the most brutal , sewn up by money interests , where all powers are concentrated in the same few hands .
he saw the royal family as a potential threat to his authoritarian rule .
in arizona , jenny masche used artificial insemination and medication to stimulate her ovulation cycle , leonard said .
during the same weekend last year , there were shootings , including four homicides , and shootings were reported during the same weekend in , chicago police statistics show .
the software is circulated on the internet , largely through bulletin boards of popular web sites and embeds itself in targeted computers when the user clicks yes upon being asked whether to download what seemingly is a useful item .
and as we hear from correspondent , christian salazar
after the copa america , and with only a short holiday , i thought he might need more training . but he did very well and looked in great shape .
brian davis , who is stationed at the demilitarized zone .
the fact that we do is a blessing , and with it comes responsibilities , he said .
. a barrel , up cents from monday s record close of . a barrel .
foreign ministers from asia and europe were united in pressing north korea to move to dispel global concerns about its nuclear ambitions during their meeting in hamburg yesterday .
why not stop at a campus or two , even if your daughter is only a sophomore .
putting national security over religious belief or conscience the court convicted a year old , identified by the surname choi , of draft dodging .
then the year old blonde emerged wearing a strapless , ruffled gown , and appeared on stage .
care australia staff have found rotting rice being distributed to people in the worst hit irrawaddy delta , its director in myanmar , brian agland , told ap .
there has been fighting between us troops and insurgents in the iraqi capital and the city of ramadi .
in addition , ceremonies were being held at seaports on both coasts as the first commercial vessels prepared to set out across the taiwan strait .
the men said they watched through their lenses as sarkozy pointed toward them and his boat began moving in their direction .
there was no reason for the nooses to be hung like that , hansen said . the community is looking at this as a racist act .
eurostar has advised its customers to avoid all travel on thursday and it has cancelled some of its trains on thursday and friday .
there may be some late thanksgiving treats for the crew of the space shuttle endeavour .
the fifa president s criticism follows strong opposition from uefa counterpart michel platini and asian federation chief mohamed bin hammam .
in return , the north must provide a full listing of its nuclear activities , disable some dangerous materials and allow monitoring .
the temblor was centered at a depth of km miles , the usgs said .
bloody street battles between supporters of kibaki a member of the kikuyu tribe and odinga , who belongs to the luo tribe , soon took on ethnic overtones .
like those , the frog found in chiapas appears to be of the genus craugastor , whose descendants still inhabit the region , said biologist gerardo carbot of the chiapas natural history and ecology institute , who announced the discovery this week .
those prices have been going down for nearly years now .
american broadcaster abc news reported that five more suspects still at large in britain were being urgently sought , citing us sources briefed on the plot .
i think we developed in the republican party a
breaking news from washington
reporters may have misread that demeanor monday , when one remarked that flinchum seemed dispassionate about the campus shootings that left people and the gunman dead in the worst mass shooting in u . s . history .
the building where the samples turned up is several blocks away from main u . n . secretariat building along new york s east river . tests found no toxic vapors in the offices , u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe said .
the overanalytical carrie ?
here s one of those guys who you may not know his name but you definitely know his face
smack on the equator , indonesia s sumatra island holds the deadliest stretch of ocean in the world .
n an action hard to fathom in developed societies , thousands of doctors from seoul and incheon closed their clinics and took to the streets to protest the government led revision of an old medical law .
just a laid back guy with a sense of humor .
as the audience files into a theater , a young woman carrying a sledgehammer runs up the aisle and throws it at the video screen , shattering it .
not just because bread is a pretty reliable expeditionary food , but because the act of cooking , according to zubrin , seems to help people get along with each other , especially when they are in slightly dire , less than luxurious and more than stressful circumstances .
researchers put the body of the panda , maomao , into a wooden coffin and buried it in a simple funeral ceremony on a hill in the vast wolong panda reserve center , one of china s preeminent giant panda research and breeding facilities .
the korea herald reports wal mart korea , the local operation of the world s no .
but the central bank also hinted in its statement that it may not cut rates again at its next meeting on dec . since it felt that strains in financial markets have eased somewhat .
every wednesday , the pope gives an address , or general audience , to crowds who gather in st . peter s square .
we re not having an honest debate , and to some degree , it s because we don t want an honest debate .
given the severity of the crash and the following fire , we really should be prepared for bad news , howard said .
riyadh , saudi arabia cnn saudi arabia plans to increase its oil production by , barrels a day next month , the kingdom s oil minister told u . n . chief ban ki moon on sunday , according to ban s spokesman .
the year old world star is the first korean singer to be named on the publication s almost two decade long annual list of celebrities worldwide who have performed exceptionally in their given fields .
london , england cnn a water lily painting by impressionist master claude monet was sold for more than million at auction tuesday , kicking off a week of modern art sales expected to reach records that defy the global economic downturn .
as bear stearns faced a near collapse , the new york federal reserve quickly moved to bail out the fifth largest investment bank on wall street through jpmorgan chase .
roh also called for more aggressive investment by domestic enterprises , asking them to create more jobs to drive the country s economic growth next year , the presidential office said .
but by the black power movement , with which i then identified , had closed ranks around our brothers and sisters in the non violent civil rights movement .
after their first ever flight , the birds went on a truck ride to the center for recovery of marine animals , where they rested for hours .
they will have to find out the truth of the past and make apologies and compensation , if necessary .
who could have predicted that the sperm counts of western men would have fallen significantly over the past or years , perhaps because of the presence in the environment of chemicals that mimic the environment of chemicals that mimic the effect of female hormones ?
microsoft shares rose nearly percent , or cents , to . .
questions over klm s past surfaced last week after a dutch television documentary claimed to have discovered archive documents showing the airline played an active role in helping suspected war criminals flee germany .
a cbs new york times poll released monday showed giuliani with a point lead over thompson , percent to percent .
this should be the golden year for kim dae jung , insist those who remain loyal .
but not all of florence s wonders are indoors , so take advantage of the clement weather and cross the roman ponte vecchio bridge , famous for the jewelry shops that line it , to the boboli gardens .
the back changes appear to have evolved to overcome the cost of walking on two feet , said harvard anthropology professor daniel lieberman .
detectives are questioning a boy of and another aged on suspicion of the murder of rhys jones .
french and british police have concluded that paul , the acting security chief at the ritz hotel in paris , was well over the legal alcohol limit when the accident occurred .
the suicide of a female star was the most shocking news this year for korean netizens .
attendees at the macworld conference expo , which kicked off monday in san francisco , were encouraged to hear the announcement .
a state funeral for yeltsin will be held today , which has been declared a national day of mourning .
by , barrels , countering analyst expectations that distillate supplies would fall by , barrels .
but chinese gymnastics coaches have stridently defended their team .
roads around the mountain were sealed off by police as a precaution .
speckled with lifeless flies , the canister swings each time the violin bow pokes it .
north and south korea saw significant progress in bilateral relations last year with an agreement to actively promote lasting peace on the peninsula .
the militants kidnapped south koreans on july as they travelled by bus on the main kandahar to kabul highway .
but there s also old fashioned human warmth , people help each other out . for a guy who grew up in brooklyn , you see this way of life still exists .
and as the high museum of art opens its exhibition of three of the doors gilt panels on saturday , the conservation effort that brought them here will have l
hsbc applied on dec .
the title is a familiar phrase for fans of the series that starred david duchovny and gillian anderson as fbi agents chasing after aliens and supernatural happenings .
according to local media reports , more than people across japan have committed suicide in such a manner since late march an average of more than two a day .
in addition to directing traffic , their duties also include conducting traffic patrols , house searches and security checks on women in prisons and universities .
kremlin critic and former world chess champion garry kasparov will not run in russia s presidential election after authorities repeatedly blocked supporters efforts to hold a nominating conference , his spokeswoman said thursday .
about , more troops are expected to be deployed to iraq in coming months to support the efforts to pacify baghdad and other provinces .
but chavez , who was in cuba monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela s million people , percent of whom live in poverty .
in an audiotape released the previous day , bin laden condemned european countries for siding with the united states in afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to islam s prophet , mohammed .
mutts are mixed in with english sheepdogs , beagles , dalmatians and other pure breeds .
clinton maintains a advantage among superdelegates or so elected officials and party activists who are free to cast their vote how they wish in the most recent cnn count .
in , there were deaths in april , in may and in june .
it s a new fashioned version of an epic movie . great , old fashioned storytelling with all the brilliant use of the technology available to us now , producer mark canton said sunday .
that may well be true , but what i found on a weeklong trip was a surprisingly green country with incredibly welcoming people .
he could face a fine of up to , ringgit or a six year jail term , or both .
the city of amiens is the first to declare an overnight curfew , affecting unaccompanied under year olds .
in , singh attempted to run a mile marathon , sparking protests from child rights activists .
the address is expected to last to minutes .
the intelligence report stoked criticism of president pervez musharraf , who cut a deal with tribal chiefs and removed pakistani troops from north waziristan , an alleged hub of al qaeda and taliban .
he was correct to produce the red card .
officials in moorhead , minnesota , which is across the river , have told people living in about a third of the neighborhood they should evacuate to higher ground .
i have designated one classroom for expectant mothers and the elderly but so many more don t find space .
we have a huge territory , not only in brazil , but in all south american countries , and africa , which can easily produce oil seeds for biodiesel , sugar cane for ethanol , and food at the same time , lula said on his weekly radio show before arriving at the two day , nation summit .
some penguins are still being cared for , both in the north and south of brazil .
he said the italian economy had been improving under his mandate .
the u . s . central bank cut two key interests rate by three quarters of a percentage point in a bid to stave off heavy losses on u . s . stocks .
in reaction to such concerns , roh said at a chong wa dae meeting that the government will continue economic and cultural exchanges with japan , despite his recent denouncing of the country .
colombian president alvaro uribe denied the group s assertion , saying there were no combat operations in the area near the rebels , and he said the rebels could not release the three hostages because they
n . k . insists a right to peaceful nuclear activity .
we couldn t contain it , it came into the center of campus , and now it s inundating all the buildings .
her remarks came tuesday after pakistani police surrounded the house where she is staying to prevent her from leading a lahore to islamabad march .
in return idi amin was asked to remain silent and out of politics . it was a bargain he kept up to his death in at age .
i intend to spend the next days or so focused on mapping out a strategic plan , yang told wall street analysts on a quarterly conference call . there are no sacred cows .
the removal of the incumbents from the party list for the april general elections is a first in gnp history , and the move infuriated former party chairwoman , park geun hye , since two of those delisted are her key supporters .
the bill was passed during this year s first cabinet meeting at chong wa dae . the government plans to submit the controversial bill to the national assembly early next week after winning president roh moo hyun s approval .
no woman has ever won an academy award for best director , and only three have ever been nominated lena wertmuller for s seven beauties , jane campion for s the piano and sofia coppola for s lost in translation .
kim young nam , believed in the south to have been kidnapped to the north while he was , said yesterday he crossed the inter korean sea border by accident , denying allegations of abduction .
but he said the display s pliancy is extremely difficult to imitate with liquid crystal displays and plasma display panels the two main display technologies now on the market .
bill richardson , the democratic governor of new mexico and a former high profile u . s . negotiator with north korea , criticized the bush administration s approach to troop withdrawals on the korean peninsula yesterday .
since , the korean air force has sought to purchase four airborne early warning aircraft due by under a project code named e x .
donations and grant money covered the art supplies .
the two leaders agreed on a package of cross border economic cooperation projects including the train operation .
nuremberg remain in the relegation zone and second from bottom having picked up just one win in their last games .
despite the distraction of the north korean missile launches , tokyo summoned up an angry reaction and said it would resume planning a similar survey in the area .
but meredith vieira says the deer is fine
foreign minister ban ki moon reprimanded his japanese counterpart nobutaka machimura on thursday , correcting his wrong comment with previous day which he disrespectfully criticized the south korean head of state .
north korean leader kim jong il traveled to china on tuesday in a special armored train , reports said .
she refrained from asking the death penalty for her son s attackers , but said she hoped the sentence would be much longer .
amsterdam , netherlands cnn the web site where dutch lawmaker geert wilders was promoting his not yet released anti koran film has been suspended by its u . s . hosting service .
other opposition parties recently restarted their campaigns after a temporary suspension in observation of the holy month of muharram , which ended last week .
gul used to belong to an islamist party , and his candidacy split turkey for months , inspiring street protests and forcing an early general election .
ifill appeared on nbc s meet the press .
a pc has an average lifecycle of just over two years .
mcfarren , , said he can t be certain how long pam babcock stayed in the bathroom because time just went by so quick i can t pinpoint how long .
the year old becomes the first cyclist to win the honor since tommy simpson in .
two of the dead were palestinian workers for the u . n . relief and works agency , which provides humanitarian relief to nearly a million palestinians in gaza .
sauerbrey said that it wasn t until the february bombing of the shiite mosque in samarra that the sectarian violence began to reach a level that prompted large numbers of refugees to flee iraq , and until then the need for resettlement was rather small .
and there s growing public support for a radical cure that once would have been anathema
speaking at a conference in the indian city of new delhi , vellu , the only ethnic indian member of the cabinet , initially said malaysia had enough workers and did not want any more .
turkey s foreign minister denied its troops had entered iraq .
the film tied there will be blood , paul thomas anderson s movie about the rise of an oil tycoon , which received nominations for best picture , best director and best actor daniel day lewis .
the car , which was traveling on a divided highway , crossed over the median strip , crashed down an embankment and then ran about yards across open ground until it hit an earth banking , where it came to rest .
the talks , involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia , will take place over two days , with a possible extension of one day .
in a report to the national assembly , the ministry unveiled a draft five year roadmap to take back wartime operational control from the u . s . military .
although it was uncertain whether dean , a category storm , might strike the texas coastline later this week , nasa managers said it would be irresponsible not to cut the mission short , especially since most of the tasks had been completed .
it had embarked from the port city of piraeus near athens and was touring the nearby islands of poros and hydra .
many believe the sanctions dealt a severe blow to cash strapped north korea , which denied the allegations and boycotted the six nation nuclear talks over the issue for a year .
the explosion that caused the most injuries was inside a mini bus , superintendent of police sarvendra khanal told cnn .
about . million american children and . million adults take medication for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or adhd , according to government estimates .
the us and japan have also pledged to begin talks with north korea on building closer ties .
one park ranger was shot and killed late last month in a separate patrol post attack at virunga , officials said .
thailand s election commission chairman has cast doubt on whether a controversial election set for april can go ahead as planned .
there are about a million myanmar workers registered to work in thailand , and an additional million estimated to be in the country illegally to work mostly as laborers , the ap reported .
bayern won on penalties after the match had finished at the end of minutes .
police and the transportation ministry are conducting an investigation into the incident , which put railway safety standards into question .
and inez , kentucky .
scientists measuring the health of almost glaciers around the world found that ice loss reached record levels in , the u . n . agency said .
scientists have been hoping the whales which appear to have been wounded by a ship s propeller would begin swimming westward toward the pacific ocean on their own .
in the story , clinton describes a woman from rural ohio who was making minimum wage at a local pizza shop .
the opposition is against the mission and could delay enactment of the bill .
he said he shot reagan to impress actress jodie foster .
one man told cnn he was excited to vote because he feels it s the most important election in kenya s history since independence in .
having been in the finance business for almost four decades , the year old is currently the chairman of the dubai international financial center authority , where he is in charge of luring global financial institutions to develop the middle eastern city into a regional financial hub .
the plays had really twisted , macabre violence that used weapons i wouldn t have even thought of .
a man who spent years in prison for rape was exonerated monday after a judge threw out his convictions because dna evidence showed he couldn t have committed the attack .
cnn tim russert , who became one of america s leading political journalists as the host of nbc s meet the press , died friday , the network said .
a memorandum of understanding on the deal signed by lone star and hsbc expires late april .
havana , cuba cnn cuba will allow its citizens to stay in hotels previously reserved for foreigners , the latest in a series of decisions to lift bans on goods and services that the average cuban can t afford .
listen to this from our matt small
onodera did not elaborate on the extent of the injuries , simply telling the audience that the crew complained of injuries after the bags of acid hit the ship .
they re working with unearthly technologies out
xinhua said yin has predicted unemployment will rise in the first quarter of .
pa sport quoted a police spokesman saying merseyside police is investigating an assault that took place in the early hours of december .
difficult to imagine , or for that matter , smell , a society without soap .
william , , is second in line to the throne after his father , prince charles .
land prices in the yeongi gongju area doubled and tripled in recent months following news the area had been selected as the site for a new capital .
chua , a former physician and one of malaysia s fastest rising political stars , said the woman in the tape was a personal friend but refused to
the football association which codified the basic rules of the modern game was established in london the following year .
. what are the options for growth within the organization ?
i didn t make the decision of being the ceo lightly , he said . i wanted to make a change at yahoo that i believe i can make . . . that s a dream that i felt i could achieve by being ceo and that s still the dream today .
the four companies cited in the report have denied the allegations .
an initial payment of about million million shekels in previously withheld taxes was shifted to the new palestinian government on sunday , with another million billion shekels pending .
contradictions abounded in kaesong , an ancient city just north of the border .
the study , released tuesday , was ordered by mayor michael bloomberg to assess the city s progress in reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by percent by .
south korea has no such regulations and has no intention of implementing them in the future , han said in a keynote speech at an international conference hosted by euromoney , a u . k . based capital markets magazine .
chances are he ll be asked about the economy and the middle east at a news conference this hour .
it is not a very desirable situation , said john logsdon , director of the space policy institute at george washington university .
stocks staged a big comeback thursday , erasing most of the session s losses by the close as investors worked through the panic about the mortgage and credit markets which was sparked by countrywide financial s latest financial problems .
cowell is looking for more than just a good voice .
sen . obama has been to iraq once a little over two years ago he went and he has never seized the opportunity except in a hearing to meet with gen . david petraeus , mccain said at a campaign event in reno , nevada .
visitors can tour the factory where the family still produces the famous condiment , which now generates million in annual revenue , according to the just released book , mcilhenny s gold
chaudhry and other judges had threatened to legally challenge the right of former army chief musharraf to be president , and he responded by purging the courts of top officials .
seoul , south korea ap the internet has spawned a new type of journalism in highly wired south korea an increasingly popular web site where doctors , students and even housekeepers work as citizen reporters .
the afghan government has ruled out a prisoner swap and has urged the taliban to release the women being held .
british prime minister gordon brown said the whole of britain will be proud of the outstanding service he is giving . for the last weeks , he has joined the thousands of members of the british armed forces who have served with such distinction in difficult circumstances in afghanistan since .
superdelegates , a group of almost democratic party officials and leaders , are not required to make their votes public and are free to change their minds .
substitute cesc fabregas made it after minutes while eduardo da silva scored his first goal as an arsenal player in the closing minutes .
but it said she told prosecutors lumumba had a crush on her roommate and he and the victim had gone into a bedroom to have sex .
if the united states slips into recession , americans may buy fewer goods , especially those from overseas .
themselves choosing between western music and clothes and those rooted in their own tradition , they are now faced with two opposing images of beauty the western ideal of an ever thinner frame and the african one of a buxom and well rounded figure .
hacking has escalated from a destructive nature to financial gain through phishing , targeting people for bank account details , and siphoning accounts from there , says derek manky , security researcher at fortinet .
established as the military wing of the colombian communist party in , farc is colombia s oldest , largest and best equipped marxist rebel group , according to the u . s . department of state .
at the moment specialists are trying to work out the size of the oil spill and the direction it s heading , he said . we will alert the respective ukrainian services if the spill moves in their direction .
the report noted that governments will have to encourage those changes .
china spent millions ensuring the , competitors are cared for and more importantly accepted .
the image , taken last month , reveals at least four avalanches of fine ice and dust breaking off from a steep cliff and settling on the slope below .
by some measures , the season started november with the release of madagascar
in reflection on cambodian history up to the era of democratic kampuchea , khieu samphan said the khmer rouge only wanted what was best for cambodia .
he was raised by humans but is now bonding with the seven other apes at the park , a zoo official said wednesday .
now we can spy back .
said independent political analyst ivan lozowy . the nature of both is that a compromise is almost excluded .
and officials said the crisis is far from over .
turkey and cornbread dressing , and a cranberry dessert and candied yams , and green bean casserole .
up there , even sunshine is cold .
riyadh , saudi arabia cnn president bush urged opec nations on tuesday to put more oil on the world market and warned that soaring prices could cause an economic slowdown in the united states .
other police fired tear gas canisters into the air .
position which is that washington believes there is evidence the country is trying to develop nuclear weapons .
in a previously classified video of the test cnn obtained , the generator shakes and smokes , and then stops .
initial tests revealed the h strain of the virus , the statement said .
people vote for the top of the ticket .
german authorities were following leads on another people , and france was looking into more than others , ap reported .
no comment from mcdonald s , the franchise owner , or the restaurant manager .
korean government seeks to accelerate stem cell therapy .
the ruling uri party and the defense ministry confirmed on sunday that the government plans to reduce some , soldiers from iraq , saying reports that came out friday were mostly accurate .
included in the collection are photographs , books , fbi files
referee anders frisk had to abandon a champions league match when he was hit by a cigarette lighter at rome s stadio olimpico and he left the field with blood streaming down his face .
another hollywood strike looming as talks break down between the screen actors guild and producers .
earlier this week , phoenix s foot long robotic arm delivered a pinch of dirt dug up from near the surface to its onboard lab .
in the latest cnn poll of polls conducted march through saturday , sen . hillary clinton holds a percentage point lead over sen . barack obama percent to percent
he has , pledged delegates and superdelegates to clinton s , .
xu genqu , part of the member people s liberation army delegation to the congress , said jiang should stay on atop the parallel government military commission .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi and coalition troops overnight killed about people in baghdad s sadr city most of them in an airstrike as they targeted a militia cell with suspected links to iran , the u . s . military said .
the names on the caskets are the most common names found among jews at the time , he said .
could you double check the envelope ?
we try to paint a picture of what it looked like on the front lawn of central and in the streets with the national guardsmen shoulder to shoulder lining the block around the school and in the neighborhood , trickey said . when you tell people there were over , soldiers there for nine kids , it s hard to imagine , she said .
after his allergies acted up and he had to give the cat away , he missed the touch interaction he had with her and started thinking about how he could study these emotional responses to touch .
the evacuation operation took about two hours , with the the last person being plucked off the ship by early evening .
in the new movie the day the earth stood still , hamm sports a slightly different do , with his bangs combed rakishly over one eye .
every ministry involved in national defense beefed up precautionary measures following an emergency meeting of the national security council convened on saturday to enhance security at foreign embassies in seoul and certain key facilities , including government offices , airports and seaports .
every member of the court is a former judge , and i m not a judge .
his remarks came after international election observers voiced doubts over the conduct of last week s vote .
when we see that wounded traveler on the road to jericho , we will not pass to the other side .
scotland yard said the injured woman was a capita employee .
other leaders of the network have been detained in previous raids , the military said .
according to the ohio department of education , the student s family has filed a lawsuit .
al sanussi s father , abdullah , is the head of libya s intelligence service and gadhafi s brother in law .
in other matches , third seeded patty schnyder served for the match before qualifier sorana cirstea rallied for a win . sara errani upset fourth seeded anabel medina garrigues .
the case drew widespread anger and unusually strong criticism from the state run media .
she called rocket attacks by palestinians into israel a crime , and said they do nothing to solve the conflict .
nearly three quarters of men percent said they believed so , versus percent who did not .
president hugo chavez of venezuela said wednesday that three hostages held by colombian rebels could be freed with hours .
the decisions by icann capped a half decade of discussion about how to relieve the crowded field of addresses ending in . com , which has some million registrations worldwide .
came outside to investigate .
a team of more than doctors and nurses worked through the night in a painstaking and intricate process to separate year old twin girls joined at the tops of their heads the girls are lucky
violence has been sweeping through kenya since elections at the end of december , when opposition leader raila odinga accused president mwai kibaki of rigging the vote to win re election .
us democratic presidential hopeful john kerry has chosen north carolina senator john edwards as his running mate .
the size of the stockpile is unclear , but government officials said about , metric tons of munitions already have been deactivated
you have to meet somebody and talk to him and see if you have confidence and trust each other and see if there is a sense that you can go forward .
when that failed , he killed the children one by one in the house , ap said .
un secretary general kofi annan said he was shocked at the apparently deliberate targeting of the post .
engineers had posted signs showing where the water level will be when the reservoir , which started to fill on june , reaches its highest point .
under mounting pressure from both inside and outside the company , hyundai motor s union made an announcement they ve never made before
the charismatic billionaire , representing the center right , is running against former rome mayor walter veltroni of the center left .
but there s no space for two extra legs to grow back . that s just how he is .
the night before they departed , youssif didn t sleep a wink .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill said the fate of six party talks was in doubt .
somali government troops arrested osman last wednesday during a raid on the u . n . compound in mogadishu that involved up to armed security personnel .
a snapshot of the kids perched on a rock they d climbed in california s joshua tree national park , and one with my dad outside a villa we d rented in st . martin , just a few months before he died .
rowling said she then sought professional help .
new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production .
more than people have died since a clampdown on shia militias in the southern city of basra started on tuesday .
central banks came to the aid of investors friday by pumping extra cash into the world s financial systems , helping temper fears of a liquidity crisis that helped the major u . s . stock indexes sharply cut losses .
however , later the company tried to compensate her and recalled all the products in the market , she said .
tender one s resignation
interfax said the flight was carrying russian nationals .
as the first president elect with a facebook page and a youtube channel , barack obama is poised to use the internet to communicate directly with americans in a way unknown to previous presidents .
angry demonstrators protesting kosovo s independence from serbia attacked the u . s . embassy in belgrade on thursday , throwing rocks , breaking windows and setting fires .
after that , a judge or court will decide what to do with it .
leicester crown court was told that khan , , devised the plot to kidnap and kill the soldier and send equipment to terrorists in pakistan and along the afghan border .
he says the fight against doping will be a key priority for his second term in office .
it said a small military group was behind the rash of killings of left wing activists and that the purge theory cannot be accorded credence .
the former ceo of hyundai engineering and construction co . also boasted he will raise per capita income to us , from , at present , and make the country the seventh largest economy in the world , a giant leap up from the th place that it held last year .
south korean president lee myung bak said thursday that the officer s comments were a natural answer in response to lawmakers questions at a parliamentary hearing .
they registered the company abroad but conducted business in the country . they have to pay taxes like other corporations in thailand .
already traveling at , mph , williams started the race on time at a . m . et with race no . , taped to the front of the treadmill as the space station passed over the pacific ocean .
the number one movie at the weekend box office got off to a record breaking start
a vote on a extension of the deployment of korean forces in iraq was called off .
no margin of error was given .
protests are guaranteed as an act of freedom , but the united states is strict in enforcing its laws so it s important to stage the protest within those bounds , an embassy official said .
washington is expected to make an appeal against the ruling .
gaza city cnn twelve palestinians have died in attacks in gaza over the past two days , officials said thursday .
the flooding , which is not related to tropical storm noel , apparently caused the soil supporting a inch . centimeter natural gas pipeline to give way and spring a leak , officials from the state owned company petroleos mexicanos , or pemex , said .
the protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated .
next to the time p . m . , march , is just a brief entry
the lawmakers demanded that the administration disclose the details of its negotiations and keep the assembly better informed as the negotiations proceed .
seoul is not expected to make a strong push to encourage foreign portfolio capital inflow and foreign direct investment in the face of a stronger won , analysts said .
in a review , variety described lee s eyes as commanding and having a korean psycho gangster mentality .
the new fiscal year starts next week .
officials said they would examine a range of possible explanations for the crash , including driver error .
foreign minister ban ki moon is moving to new york to be the next u . n . secretary general . defense minister yoon kwang ung offered his resignation on monday , citing similar reasons to lee s .
malaysia has had a policy of favoring ethnic malays in jobs and education for almost four decades .
the president is in good health , bush spokesman tony snow said . there is no reason for alarm .
this contrasts to law enforcement agencies like prosecutors , police and military agencies , which substantially reduced the interception of telephone conversations .
the man is believed to be the first in china to have been infected with bird flu in an urban area .
but the transition team has released off to school pictures of malia and sasha in jackets with backpacks as dad says goodbye at the hotel suite door .
with hillary clinton falling to a potentially damaging third .
britain currently has around , troops in afghanistan , mainly based in the volatile southern province of helmand , a taliban stronghold and center of the country s opium trade .
london s ambulance service has confirmed only one casualty , who was being treated at a local hospital .
the so called presidential committee on administrative capital relocation on monday announced the evaluation results at the central government complex in seoul , saying the yongi kongju region scored the highest mark , followed by nonsan kongju with . points among four candidate sites .
essentially , it s going to get private actors to participate , provide them with subsidies and government guarantees .
president bush refused to confirm or deny the existence of the program .
a search of the family s home in plymouth meeting , pennsylvania , turned up the rifle , about air powered guns , swords , knives , grenades , a bomb making book and videos of the columbine attack .
we will lock our trade ministers in a room , all aimed at advancing this important round .
they stay sleepy all the day .
the mountainous region , long known as a tourist resort , is about miles km northwest of the capital , islamabad .
this is raising the burden for household loans with floating rates .
they estimate the rockfish was to years old .
daren jantzy , with the national agricultural statistics service , told cnn that these statistics are based on numbers collected mostly before the true impact of ccd was noted .
suspicion swirled around islamic extremists thursday as news spread that former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto had been assassinated .
police in samarra earlier said people were killed and were wounded in the airstrike near the salaheddin province city , a volatile region during the iraqi war .
we were simply unaware that loss of electricity to the household was putting a vulnerable customer at risk , he said .
for the common mushroom , the bad reputation is a tad subtler . it s not perceived as unhealthy .
and finally , no soccer with his friends . in mogadishu , fighting is everywhere , abukar told the associated press some three months after he fled the city in a car packed with his parents , three siblings and other relatives .
i think we re behind , but i think it s a margin there , and i think we re coming on all the , all the indicators that we re coming up .
details surrounding the cases remained confusing , with pakistan s health ministry issuing a statement saturday saying six people had initially tested positive for the virus last month , while the who said eight had been reported .
economists were expecting the index to increase to . , according to a briefing . com consensus survey of economists .
in a june poll by korea research center and donga ilbo , lee scored . percent approval and park garnered only . percent public support .
the uk s press association reported thursday that the uk based forensic science service fss had uncovered significant new information after analyzing evidence taken from the holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal , from which madeleine disappeared .
what this process did for me is it opened the door for me to be able to discuss my own sexuality thoroughly and intimately with gail and the children and my therapist .
there was a body lying on the road , there was another body slumped over the back of the truck , said the woman , who did not want to be identified for security reasons .
the strikes started saturday when the workers some of whom are building the burj dubai , which will be the world s tallest structure when it is completed next year walked out in a disagreement over pay and working conditions .
pakistan s former prime minister nawaz sharif is heading home at the end of seven years in exile .
islamic jihad and fatah claimed responsibility for the attack , the sources said .
today , the most popular form of dozens of varieties is made of cabbage and heavily laden with red pepper , salt , garlic and fermented shrimp and anchovies .
the least watched oscars ceremony ever was in , when there were million viewers .
julien said the ozzy factor made ordinary items command big ticket prices . an oversized coffee cup that osbourne often clutched while the cameras rolled sold for , .
she later made an appearance at a college in baltimore , maryland , and stayed there until late in the afternoon before returning to the white house for a black tie dinner .
maj . ray tuttoilmondo with the galveston county sheriff s office confirmed that arrests had been made and said more information would be released at a monday morning news conference .
he monitors the changing ice sheet through a network of global positioning systems and weather stations , which have recorded a dramatic rise in temperatures since the mid s .
markets in hong kong and australia , both of which were closed since thursday , have jumped on easing concerns about the global credit crisis that has battered stocks since the start of the year .
sung kim , the top state department expert on the koreas and head of the u . s . team , was due in seoul later tuesday to take part in meeting of u . s . and south korean defense ministers the following day , the u . s . embassy in seoul said .
secretary of state colin powell is now en route to new delhi in defusing the latest tensions the united states was ready to assist if there was a dialogue .
footprints left by the upright walking , prehuman species australopithecus afarensis were found in in tanzania , imprinted in volcanic mud . million years old making them times older than the new discovery .
the dollar fell to a new low against the euro on tuesday , but reversed course after the u . s . federal reserve , european central bank and bank of england announced another joint effort to soothe money markets with fresh short term credit .
his personal physician , boleslav goldman , said he expected the prime minister would remain in hospital for three or four days .
despite the government s recent refusal to allow world buddhist leader , the dalai lama to visit korea the government is welcoming a former communist enemy to the country .
details on how many tourists were affected were not available .
men have to be able to size up a woman visually to see if she can bear babies , says dr . fisher .
alison krauss and robert plant put out a critically acclaimed album together .
it is unclear if he can get that support after being expelled from the party .
one way apple is expanding the iphone s reach is by inking deals with wireless carriers around the world , even breaking with its pattern of requiring exclusivity to sell in a certain country .
the majority of iraqi refugees have fled into syria and jordan .
yahoo shares fell more than percent monday as hopes for the once dominant internet icon dimmed following microsoft s withdrawal of a . billion takeover bid .
warming water temperatures in the central equatorial pacific last month may indicate the start of a new el nino .
these are university theories , said jim prevor , editor of produce business magazine . they re not mapped to things that actually exist .
apple fans relieved about jobs health news
the state run aps news agency said the month old baby appeared in good health after being discovered late saturday and had been handed to a family while authorities looked for its parents .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has criticized a recent visit by japan s prime minister to the controversial yasukuni war shrine .
the idea is for the tigers to mix in a wild environment , breed and brush up on their hunting skills before being returned to their native habitat in china .
the bomb exploded as the off duty bodyguard was alone in his car and was just starting to move it , said the official , antonio camacho , the secretary of state for security .
the pope , along with boston cardinal sean o malley , met with a group of people abused by clergy , said the rev . federico lombardi , a papal spokesman .
zapeta had paid taxes on the earnings , he said , and under legal guidelines should be fined at most , for failing to report he was traveling with the cash .
lebanese presidents are elected by the national assembly for a six year term and may not serve consecutive terms , according to the cia factbook .
palin denied that was her intention in an interview with cnn on tuesday .
mark smith , with the obama campaign , columbus , ohio .
he had been floated as a potential candidate to represent liberal groups .
the news came as us military officials said zarqawi had died from injuries consistent with the results of a bomb .
in the study of overweight people , were assigned to use a variety of online weight loss methods .
the year old antwerp zoo is one of europe s oldest animal parks , attracting around . million visitors a year .
visa asia pacific and the pacific area travel association pata jointly conducted the online survey from feb .
the rapidly aging population is expected to become the main culprit of the nation s stagnant economic growth in the coming years , the bank of korea said yesterday .
also called the green zone , the international zone is a heavily fortified central baghdad district housing the u . s . embassy and iraqi government offices .
the mems has successfully measured blood pressures in a healthy dog , a step doctors call a milestone .
in a stunning and historical night for the gop and president bush , republicans seized control of the senate , held onto their majority in the house and savored wins in two hot gubernatorial races .
sk telecom subscribers will be able to conduct mobile searches via sk telecom mobile portal , dubbed nate , which is accessible by clicking a hot key .
berlusconi s government refused , and prodi s government has yet to make its decision .
aiming to form malaysia s first canine anti piracy unit , the new dogs will be a replacement for two irish black labradors it currently has on loan .
now we must choose if the example of our fathers and mothers will inspire us or condemn us .
a boy performs the traditional cambodian monkey dance spliced in with breakdancing beats while a singer raps to the moves .
the two leaders agreed that they will cooperate in reinforcing bilateral relations even after putin steps down .
the writers contract expired october , and they plan to strike at a . m . monday a . m . et if a deal cannot be reached .
death tolls in other years are in , in and in .
further step over the controversy about the future status and role of usfk .
this could be dangerous if you re in the er having a heart attack , goldberg says . you don t want to lead the doctor down the wrong path .
the united states rebuffed what seemed to be moves by china to get the united states to talk directly to north korea about its nuclear program outside six country negotiations .
bradford and tebow could settle the dispute on the field
they believe that their mission is to make sure that before they get out of office next year , either iran is attacked or it stops its weapons program , hersh said .
traders today are watching some earnings reports coming in and are selling , the dow now down more than points .
north korea denounced as humiliating u . s . demands that it commit to dismantling its nuclear program before seeking aid in return .
secretary of state hillary clinton says the us troop withdrawal will not be an end to the us relationship with an evolving iraq
in the th minute , barcelona won a free kick about meters from goal and the , fans at the fengtai stadium .
let your arms move back and forward at your sides while you walk .
it was not immediately clear whether the blast was caused by an israeli airstrike or a bomb in the car .
berkley books immediately canceled publication of rosenblat s memoir , angel at the fence , which was set to be released in february .
the korea times reports lee choon ho , the nominee for minister of gender equality and family , who has been the target of criticism over property speculation along with some other potential cabinet members , has withdrawn her nomination .
jackson , a twice divorced father of three , says he hasn t changed all that much since releasing his blockbuster album thriller nearly years ago .
authorities say they are making efforts to fight the crime , though some observers predict that the incidence of car theft will rise further as the world economic crisis worsens .
grassley is sharply critical of the economic stimulus plan and obama s proposed . trillion budget , saying the price tag will have to be covered by the middle class .
the club was initially formed in as matsushita electric industrial co . ltd . soccer club , but changed its name to gamba osaka in , first appearing in the j league season .
government officials were taking precautions .
the u . s . dropped from th to th , while japan slipped one notch to eight place .
a delhi police official said the officers are accused taking bribes from and turning a blind eye to the kidney selling ring that spanned more than a decade .
wearing sun glasses and dark casual clothes in balmy egyptian winter weather , they turned to wave to a crowd of onlookers and media as they walked up to the hotel , appearing relaxed and at ease with the media attention .
eighteen people , including airline workers at new york s john f . kennedy international airport , appeared in federal court tuesday on international drug smuggling and distribution charges .
lone star filed a lawsuit against the city last august , arguing that additional taxes it slapped on its purchase of a story building in were unreasonable .
the u . s . state department noted in a report that china had increased its efforts to control and censor the internet , and the government had tightened restrictions on freedom of speech and the domestic press and bloggers .
the discovery of anabolic steroids in pro wrestler chris benoit s home has raised speculation that the performance enhancing drugs may be linked to his death and the killings of his wife and young son .
the government will also create national scholarships and tuition assistance for colleges and vocational schools , he added .
there is a need to warn those who would do anything to avoid military service , judge kim sung keun said early this month as he sentenced a year old father with two children to eight months in prison for using tattoos to avoid conscription .
the big difference was in third place , where huckabee whose upset win in iowa came after being outspent by millions of dollars by romney passed former new york mayor rudy giuliani s .
escape africa , an animated film that has made more than million in its first days .
they are also determined to pick up the talks where they left off a year ago despite north korea s oct .
cheney added , we ve made it clear we believe they have engaged in providing improvised explosive devices , for example , to insurgents inside iraq that have been used against coalition forces . and of course , we ve taken action recently to crack down on identifiable . . . iranian agents operating inside iraq and made it clear that we think that their conduct there has been inappropriate .
the bank said the findings meant china would not become the world s biggest economy in as forecast .
german representatives schalke tackle barcelona in the other quarterfinal .
senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , said the measure funds u . s . troops in the field while acknowledging that the four year old war needs a political , not military , solution .
obama also warned his supporters to play fair .
more rain is forecast , and the risk of flooding is increasing as floodwaters work their way into the river system .
two former comrades in east timor s struggle for independence led the battle for control of the country s parliament as ballot counting began sunday in elections many hoped would restore stability after a year of violence in asia s newest country .
the three leaders are scheduled to meet again wednesday .
and actually going in a positive territory for a while , triggering this cheer from the traders on the floor of the new york stock exchange .
but should you indulge ?
like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter than air gas but it has an internal skeleton .
qari saifullah akhtar was arrested in lahore last month , and was transferred to police in karachi for questioning in connection with the october attack .
in the meantime , israel s air force is keeping up its attacks .
the poll s margin of error was plus or minus percentage points .
the united states will help the people of cuba realize the blessings of liberty .
a pakistani army commander was shot and killed by islamic radicals sunday during an operation where troops blasted holes in a besieged mosque s perimeter walls , escalating an already tense standoff between troops and the radical islamists hiding inside .
she said she discussed the situation with israeli and tour officials before deciding to compete in the tournament .
he first introduced the concept in his state of the union address in to describe the security threat posed by iran , north korea and iraq .
nasa says that polar mesospheric clouds are not uncommon over northern asia .
actors and filmmakers skipped the golden globes because of the two month old strike by the writers guild of america , which had planned pickets outside the show if organizers had tried to do their usual televised ceremony .
millions of dollars and , square feet later , he s king of a wine country castle complete with drawbridge , dungeons and nifty little slots for the old boiling oil trick .
bush is aiming for at least a solid relationship with brown , shaped around their nations mutual interests .
al qaeda in iraq has been deeply rooted in muqdadiya , about miles north of baghdad , since about .
earlier yesterday the uss kitty hawk from yokosuka , japan , arrived at pusan with about , sailors and aircraft , including f super hornets .
right now there are no delays or cancellations in fact , some arriving flights are early .
but how much are they to be believed ?
he used to eat a ounce bag of doritos while watching television .
defense secretary robert gates already has ordered the army and marine corps to plan for cutbacks , including civilian layoffs , termination of contracts and reduced operations at bases , the associated press reported .
the new deal values bear stearns at about . billion still a small fraction of what the company was worth before its sudden near collapse earlier this month .
maharashtra state government spokesman bhushan gagrani said people were killed and about wounded , while police confirmed deaths .
i m working to get karadzic and mladic .
the pentagon chief says the early response out of teheran to president barack obama s outreach is not very encouraging
i m convinced that the wrong way to go is to turn over your lives to the government and hope it will all be fine , mccain told a group of supporters at miami children s hospital .
a greenpeace inflatable boat then embarked on an eight hour chase , before unfurling a protest banner demanding a nuclear free pacific .
i ve had my time in the sun . i think it s time for somebody else , maybe , to benefit from my own experience .
the actress and aspiring singer just recorded her debut album and has a calendar full of film projects that will keep her busy for months .
jackson , missouri cnn debbie shank breaks down in tears every time she s told that her year old son , jeremy , was killed in iraq .
still in print after more than a century , the books have inspired numerous film and television adaptations and a popular musical , oliver !
the uk s times newspaper quoted sorial as saying
what we re saying is that in iran . . . munitions are being manufactured that are ending up in iraq .
on sunday , a string of car bombs and suicide attacks across iraq killed and wounded dozens to cap a bloody weekend for the war ravaged nation .
the existing body has been heavily criticized for having countries with poor human rights records as members .
everything indicates that the government can continue , anders fogh rasmussen told jubilant supporters of his liberal party .
the number of single households has been on a steady increase , accounting for . percent of the total households in korea last year also , the government will grant monthly allowance of , won to a household who adopts a child until he or she turns .
it estimates that about percent of deaths due to heart disease in african american men occur before age .
miami , florida cnn a woman on a boat died after a spotted eagle ray leaped from the water off the florida keys thursday and struck her , officials said .
yonhap news reports a u . s . service member stationed in south korea has been cleared of suspicions that he sexually assaulted a south korean female , police said thursday .
here are some positions to consider as you head out on your summer job hunt
and in a statement wednesday , mark thompson , director general of the bbc , announced the stars suspension and offered an unreserved apology to sachs , his family and the british public for what he termed a gross lapse of taste and a severe offence .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
and i was risking my spiritual salvation by questioning my husband and not becoming one with him .
he said the comment by ferraro , a former new york representative coupled with clinton s own inexplicable unwillingness to deny that he obama was a muslim during a recent interview was part of an insidious pattern that needs to be addressed .
if the goal of the insurgents was to target isaf troops operating in the area , they failed , said spokesman brig . gen . carlos branco .
it s to the point where we have nothing left .
bush signed the bill yesterday , after it was passed by the house .
can it really be years ago that ibm included the above paragraph in a book it handed out to every employee ?
the result means that russia will definitely qualify for the finals if they win their remaining two matches in israel and andorra .
the bank has important work to do and i will continue to do it , he said at a news conference winding up a meeting of the steering committee for the bank and the international monetary fund .
sweethearts in the italian capital have adopted a new ritual as a symbol of undying love hanging a padlock on a lamppost on the city s most ancient bridge and throwing the key into the tiber .
but travelers , bloggers , foreign embassy officials and travel agents are also complaining that they are having trouble getting visas to stay in the country during the olympic period .
boterman said the park was waiting to hear the cause of the girl s death before determining whether to reopen it .
there has been a severe lack of rain and snow on the east coast of the united states .
the korea times reports only one justice , chun hyo sook , dismissed the petition .
an autopsy revealed that the cause of death was neck compression , or strangulation , police said wednesday .
heavy security was in place to protect the runners carrying the olympic torch along a mile km route through the malaysian capital , ending at the petronas twin towers .
dunham passed away peacefully at her home shortly before midnight sunday night a . m . et , campaign spokeswoman jen psaki told cnn .
the heat outrebounded the bulls but made only four three pointers compared to the bulls s nine .
if the leaders of the pan south korea solution committee against u . s .
the kite runner , which had its world premiere on tuesday in hollywood , is based on the best selling novel by afghan american writer khaled hosseini .
the time does not count foreplay , and the therapists did rate sexual intercourse that lasts from to minutes as too short .
president robert mugabe s party on thursday nominated him as its sole candidate for presidential elections next year even though the year old veteran s policies are widely blamed for zimbabwe s economic collapse .
of course i d talk to people like joe the plumber and tell him that i m not going to spread his wealth around .
cutting away and not eating bruised or damaged areas of the cantaloupe .
after his allies won the december elections and formed a new government , thaksin said he planned to return .
a u . s . embassy statement reported a u . s . military member , an iraqi citizen and a third person of unknown nationality were killed .
the active duty u . s .
tuck was arrested on charges of promoting child pornography and possession of child pornography , both felonies , and released without bail pending an appearance november in pahrump justice court , ap reported . pahrump is about miles west of las vegas .
the replacement valve was taken from atlantis .
roswell , new mexico cnn is the truth located in this remote city in new mexico ?
the moves represent the first steps toward transforming each venezuelan into what chavez calls the new man .
the broadcaster admitted to violating its own ethics rules while the producers of the investigative program , pd notebook , were gathering information unfavorable to hwang from his junior staffers in the united states .
but it was unclear how many in nyanzale had fled the latest clashes and how many were simply in need of aid .
for example , budgeting , legislation on policy but executive actions are ones where the president can act alone , said martha kumar of the white house transition project , a nonpartisan group established to help new presidential administrations .
during the presidential race , obama s campaign won praise for its innovative use of social networking sites , including facebook , myspace and mybarackobama . com , to announce events , rally volunteers and raise money .
sen . hillary clinton called on president bush monday to boycott the opening of this summer s olympic games in beijing , china .
if there is no winner , the purse will drop to million until the end of when the contest expires .
all decked out , harrell graciously mowed klein s front yard , with people cheering him on .
the public now can discover that she was delighted by rough sex , ecstatic over the prospect of plastic surgery for her breasts and fearful of a jealous boyfriend . she was careless with spelling , punctuation , and , too often , with her own well being .
that s forrest whitaker doing the honors .
sullivan isn t alone in dreading valentine s day .
the ap s mark lavie reports from tel aviv that the stand down opens a window for diplomats
that was the first increase since .
kobe bryant scored of his game high points in the th quarter
his tour leads from newfoundland on the atlantic coast to the pacific city of vancouver , where feelings against toronto usually acknowledged as the country s financial center and the cultural capital of english canada run deepest of all .
details of the conference , including its date and location , are to be announced later , the ministry told cnn .
but as predicted , expectations for true progress in this round of talks are low .
the sadrists hold about seats in iraq s member parliament and were part of al maliki s ruling coalition until august .
addressing a crowd that included chinese managers and zambian miners in orange suits and red helmets , hu and mwanawasa said the new economic zone would be the first of several around the continent .
i want to thank the television viewers across the country for inviting me into their homes for years , he said , before concluding with his signature signoff .
the recording was captured by bystander paul pritchard on october and was in police hands until he threatened legal action and it was returned to him last week , the canadian press reported .
it has always worked by means of keys .
the big threat this century could come from small thawing glaciers , researchers reported thursday .
the nation s new high speed railroad service , the korea train express ktx , began service on thursday , launching korea into a new era of high speed railway travel , the korea times reports .
korea exchange bank said it yesterday will introduce deposit accounts denominated in chinese yuan this month , the first among domestic lenders .
in the nba , the trailblazers evened their first round series in a game apiece , while the cavs and lakers were going up two games to none .
he is also accused of involvement in the killing of mining magnate brett kebble , according to south african media reports .
the easternmost scarp also cuts through a crater , meaning it formed after the impact that created the crater .
juan manuel vargas scored in the th minute to help peru tie five time world cup champion brazil on sunday at monumental stadium in south american qualifying for the world cup .
the game , like the movie , tells of warring robots the autobots good guys and decepticons bad guys trying to find a powerful artifact , the allspark , which is responsible for giving the robots life .
kishore , who lives in a dusty shack by the river , takes the babies covered in a shroud to the middle of the river on his rickety boat , says a short prayer , and slips them into the water .
russia controls the only export routes for turkmenistan s gas and the main pipeline for kazakh oil exports .
gates letter requested a contribution to a reinforcement of , troops for the nato mission in southern afghanistan , the newspaper reported , especially with the helicopter units and paratroopers in the south .
a south korean foreign ministry official warned that a failure to come to grips with the past could set back future relations between the two neighbors .
the australian government has made a formal apology for the past wrongs caused by successive governments on the indigenous aboriginal population .
they separated in november , citing irreconcilable differences , according to court papers .
he said the shield is designed with the possibility of iranian ballistic missiles in mind .
all the hype ends tomorrow night , when the arizona cardinals and the pittsburgh steelers take the field for super bowl in tampa .
a two person apache helicopter crew staged a dramatic rescue monday , ferrying two of their comrades out of a combat zone south of baghdad , military officials said tuesday .
it was the first time the samsung heir apparent has appeared at a prosecutor s office , although he was once questioned in writing .
under new ethics guidelines set by the committee , any candidate who has been sentenced to jail for financial fraud or other wrongdoing will not be allowed to run under the udp banner in the april general elections .
the source , who did not want to be identified due to the sensitivities involved , said although he did not know about the exact ransom amount , the taliban had demanded million in the initial stage .
egypt s top intelligence official , omar suleiman , met with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and other israeli officials on monday in jerusalem .
expect to see them coming in all sizes and probably with a multi touch feature by the end of the year .
the korea times reports foreign minister ban ki moon , who returned home after a brief trip to washington , stressed south korea and the united states agreed to make diplomatic efforts to resume the six party disarmament talks .
in the water , about yards to yards in front of the boat .
in his prepared testimony , which was released sunday in advance of his appearance , gonzales said he has nothing to hide and never sought to mislead or deceive the congress or the american people about my role in this matter .
the lost tomb of jesus , produced by oscar winning director james cameron and scheduled to air march on the discovery channel , argues that small caskets discovered in in a jerusalem suburb may have held the bones of jesus and his family .
downer said five of the australians were injured and four were missing after garuda flight ga overshot the airport runway in the cultural capital of java .
even some uri party officials are becoming increasingly skeptical .
cnn a spreading wildfire is forcing the evacuation of a small arizona town monday .
obama is ahead of clinton in the north carolina polls , while cnn s latest poll of polls suggests clinton is up in indiana after the two have long been tied there .
analysts were also impressed with apple s gross margin , which rose to . percent from . percent a year ago .
diana s elder son , william , , also spoke at the special thanksgiving ceremony in the guards chapel .
the commission expects that the parliamentary and presidential elections will be carried out democratically without any undue interference , and in an atmosphere of responsible debate and political stability , it added .
meanwhile , hundreds of somchai s supporters staged an angry counter protest outside the court following the decision .
starting in the summer of , they ll be allowed to raise rates only on new credit cards and fresh purchases or advances .
sen . john mccain of arizona has , delegates , shy of the , he needs to lock in the republican nomination .
rice s visit friday is the latest , most high profile one in a coordinated campaign by colombia and the white house to win over skeptical democrats and revive the trade pact , which was first signed in but has not yet been passed by congress .
new york , new york cnn the new york police department has released photos of a bicycle and a suspect in thursday s times square recruitment center bombing .
dupre , born ashley youmans , from new jersey , told the new york times
dozens of islamic militants loyal to al qaeda attacked shiite muslim villages north of baghdad around dawn sunday , killing more than a dozen people , an interior ministry official said .
multilateral organizations and china the only permanent member of the u . n . security council which is not in the g will also be invited , rice said .
the korea times reports about , south korean travelers face stumbling blocks in visiting the u . s . due to washington s strict visa requirements aimed at south koreans .
carter was scheduled to travel tuesday to the western ethiopian region of jimma , where his organization is working to supply medication and materials to combat river blindness .
the next day , he was invited to eat dinner with steven spielberg .
evanise de oliveira lima , the boy s mother , told cbn radio that neilson was thin and scratched but that she expected he would leave the hospital shortly .
another suspect , identified as bilal abdulla , a year old iraqi doctor , is in police custody along with six other suspects .
hsbc holdings plc . , the world s fourth largest bank , earlier this month announced its takeover of a majority stake in keb from lone star funds for . billion .
but hiddink said he would draw little from the match six years ago .
these are just a few of the animals currently being cared for at a re homing center in london run by the dogs trust , the largest dog charity in the uk .
a second day of surprisingly aggressive raids by a so called independent prosecutor s team found investigators barging into both the residence of samsung group chairman lee kun hee and the company s headquarters in seoul in search of evidence of corruption inside korea s largest company .
the death toll from the earthquake that shook pakistan yesterday is .
fighting between iraqi security forces and supporters of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr continued for a second day wednesday .
the won recovered to , . won against the dollar , an increase of . won .
with percent of indiana precincts reporting , sen . hillary clinton leads obama percent .
bangladesh , a low lying delta nation , is prone to seasonal cyclones and floods that cause huge losses of life and property .
kibaki made his first trip to a trouble spot , addressing more than , refugees in western kenya , many of whom had fled blazing homes , pursued by rock throwing mobs wielding machetes and bows and arrows .
it wasn t meant to be for a festival , duke told cnn .
four of the men claimed the devices , made from liquid hydrogen peroxide , chapati flour , acetone and acid , were a hoax .
their case was first highlighted by lord alton of liverpool during a discussion on donor conception in the house of lords in december , but only came to light friday .
his side are two points clear of chelsea , who salvaged a draw at liverpool with frank lampard s nd minute penalty .
officials said he had been caught in the cross fire .
in the past , aside from the occasional young star like tiger woods , the players winning big tournaments have tended to be the more mature pros .
apart from potentially being able to treat or regrow an ailing thymus , gill says the better understanding of how the thymus and immune system cells works will most likely lead to better disease treatments .
uefa have been urged to investigate a laser beam incident involving manchester united s cristiano ronaldo .
the squid was expected to be taken to the museum , where dna and other scientific tests would be carried out before it is preserved and possibly put on public display .
i m allowed to be me now , which is a first , and i think it s really cool .
some of the discoveries are unique in europe , culture minister christine albanel said .
among standout losers , volvo fell . percent ahead of the truck maker s earnings due on may , which are expected to focus on a sharp fall in sales in its key north american market .
mccain saluted huckabee after the results came in but turned his campaign toward the general election , saying he would offer a better understanding of the challenges we face than either of the democratic front runners .
sawaya s national touring exhibit , the art of the brick , is making the rounds .
we need the president to respectfully tell senator mccain to get out of town .
we re partners , like tom and jerry .
the number of people joining the jobless ranks jumped last week to a year high .
on monday , pyongyang s official korean central news agency quoted a north korean foreign ministry spokesman as saying the united states had agreed during bilateral talks in geneva to take north korea off the list .
turkish troops launched a ground offensive on the evening of feb . to prevent the region from being used as a safe haven by the terrorists and to contribute to the internal peace and stability of iraq in the long run .
a policeman and a gunman were killed , and three police and two gunmen were wounded .
but he also urged americans to do more in the fight against global warming and complained that the bush administration had allowed the dollar to plummet against the euro .
just three hours from washington , d . c . , the town that george washington called the garden of virginia still serves as a quiet getaway from the city .
obama said he d propose a billion foreclosure prevention fund that would help homeowners modify their home loans to avoid foreclosure and bankruptcy or help them sell the home if the payments grow beyond their means .
this month living golf talked to one of the sport s most impressive , and youngest , prospects , ryo ishikawa , who turned last september .
stock up the fridge !
bush and obama held a private meeting in the oval office , while the first lady gave incoming first lady michelle obama a tour of the residence .
unicef said it based the study on five different tests of and year olds to determine their abilities in reading , math and science .
voter apathy was believed partly to blame for lee s victory with turn out estimated to be about one of the lowest ever for a south korean election .
a civil and environmental engineer regarded as brilliant , his humility defined him .
earlier this month , the court awarded full custody of the couple s two sons sean preston , , and jayden , to federline , spears former backup dancer .
many people will have been able to seek refuge in neighbors homes and in public buildings such as schools and clinics , he said .
the american was made to pay for missing three set points in the th game of the match as ferrer took the tiebreak and then broke in the th game of the second set to reach the quarterfinals .
at the same time we are all aware that the european union is doing this favor once again for its strategic north american ally .
the mummy will remain in the tomb indefinitely unlike other egyptian royal mummies , who are displayed in museums .
lucas wouldn t reveal details , but joked that the series would be about the life of robots .
the cause of her death was not immediately known .
will the stock market rebound soon ?
simpson s bail bondsman , miguel pereira of florida based you ring , we spring , took the witness stand as prosecutors attempted to prove simpson violated terms of his release on bail as he awaits a robbery trial .
cruz beckham , son of david and victoria beckham
military officials told cnn that the incident was a major breach of security rules surrounding nuclear weapons . one official said that he could not recall anything similar happening .
the dogfighting investigation began in april , when authorities found pit bulls on property vick owns in smithfield , virginia , about miles west of the norfolk area where he grew up .
it is a central message for all christians .
straight talk express , straight talk local is more like it , john mccain is stopping everywhere this election eve .
forces korea tuesday denied recent media reports that the actions of south koreans were responsible for the bush administration plan to withdraw , u . s . troops from the korean peninsula .
but the planet is not in peril .
stretching is an important part of any exercise program .
the site of the ancient kievan rus state , forerunner of the russian empire , it is considered the birthplace of slavic civilization .
we will try to keep casualties at a minimum .
more than million europeans have adopted the euro as their common currency in the most ambitious currency swap in history .
more than were injured .
eastern india is a stronghold of communist rebels who have been fighting for more than two decades demanding land and jobs for agricultural laborers and the poor .
sgt cardona s lawyers say they will press him for information about a trip he made to iraq to advise us officials on how to get better intelligence from detainees .
wembley , england dutch goalkeeper edwin van der sar saved all three penalties he faced in the shootout as manchester united beat chelsea on spot kicks after a bruising draw in the fa community shield match at wembley .
now they are estimated at just percent of egypt s million people .
jessica lynch told the house panel that the military lied about her capture .
he is the th of idi amin s official children by seven official wives .
engineers were panicked about product delivery deadlines .
and the number is believed to have jumped significantly over the past few years .
ramsey said a sergeant and five officers have been removed from street duty in connection with the incident so far .
the first sketch of a moustached white man with olive colored skin and collar length dark scraggly hair was composed based on the recollection of a year old woman who was staying in a villa near the mccann family last year .
firewood in the desert is scarce , and the women often have to walk up to seven hours to gather enough wood to bring back to their camps .
the incident comes as the korean troops have been told to keep a low posture following a series of terrorist threats against them .
rice said she would respond by mail to questions from the house oversight and government reform committee on the bush administration s prewar claims about saddam hussein seeking weapons of mass destruction , but signaled she would not appear in person .
we are disappointed it came down to the last game . we needed to perform tonight .
he said colombian ground forces then crossed into ecuador and retrieved reyes body , leaving the others .
darwin s theories showed creation had taken longer than the biblical seven days and that man was , in fact , likely to be be descended from apes .
thierry henry collected his th cap for france in tuesday s win over colombia , playing minutes in les bleus final warm up game before the european championship .
i flew to dubai right after my final in doha and woke up on monday feeling really fatigued and stuffed up with a cough .
police brought the situation under control but then bulgaria fans whistled during the playing of the italian anthem and italian fans burned bulgarian flags , the ansa news agency reported .
south korean electronics giant samsung has agreed to plead guilty to involvement in price fixing in the us and to pay a m fine .
the study produced by leading international humanitarian organization , doctors without borders said the failure by the government to provide hiv aids treatment to its people is putting the population at risk .
ap correspondent mark smith is live with the story
he will appear as an old , broken man , as he might have looked in the days just before he committed suicide , srumsdorf said .
others repeatedly sprayed free tibet in red paint on the embassy walls and the main gate before many of the demonstrators were forcibly taken away by indian police , according to an associated press photographer at the scene .
putin said the american battle in iraq was useless and totally counterproductive because it was against the iraqi people .
somalia has not had an effective central government since dictator mohamed siad barre was overthrown in .
this appears to be the first time britain has asked china how its arms are ending up with the taliban .
elizabeth gladys millvina dean of southampton , england , who was months old at the time of the titanic sinking , is now the disaster s only remaining survivor , according to the titanic historical society .
but a senior obama aide told cnn not to see the conversations as a signal that gates may keep his job . don t read anything into this
the wild ride of the korean won continued yesterday as the currency gained . points against the dollar to end at . , its largest leap in seven years and two months .
parts of their badly decomposed bodies were found more than two months later more than miles away in a mississippi river backwater .
the growth rate has moderated , li said .
when millions of people die for no apparent reason the best people what kind of progress can there be ?
more children and teens are being exposed to online pornography , mostly by accidentally viewing sexually explicit web sites while surfing the internet , researchers say .
that , security analysts say , will be the most dangerous time for the president .
many globe nominees were in palm springs collecting statuettes from the film festival , including daniel day lewis desert palm achievement award , ellen page chairman s vanguard award and travolta s hairspray co star nikki blonsky rising star award .
in this batch of problematic laptops , the bulk of the , affected computers in the u . s . were sold by hp between december and june , according to the safety commission , including hp pavilion , hp compaq and compaq presario models .
small service stations are running into a problem as gasoline marches toward a gallon in the united states
merkel reiterated that she wanted germany to fully renew its afghan peacekeeping mandate when it expired later this year .
rime minister tony blair is expected to announce a timetable for the withdrawal of uk troops from iraq .
according to the document filed tuesday , the hbo film , roman polanski
the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency will send inspectors to south korea .
less than two minutes later , a bright flash and a cloud of white smoke signal the explosion .
he s happy with the high tech device which he said allowed him to sleep for five hours his longest yet on monday night while cutting back on pain medication .
maliki earlier vowed that he would continue the fight against the militias for as long as was necessary .
in view of the above , there is no longer any reason to be tempted to link this ossuary . . . to mary magdalene or any other person in biblical , non biblical or church tradition , pfann wrote .
state television showed pictures of the chang e orbiter taking off with a trail of smoke from the xichang satellite launch center in sichuan province in southwestern china .
london , england cnn princess diana denied any intention of marrying dodi fayed in a conversation just a few days before the couple died , a friend testified monday .
a kiss can be a deal breaker in terms of whether a relationship will flower or flounder , so to speak .
the prime minister was expected to raise the issue during his weekly audience with the king on monday , said koert debeuf , a spokesman for verhofstadt s office .
in return , north korea would receive energy and economic assistance and a start toward normalizing relations with the u . s . and japan .
learning charisma from people who are loaded with it is a bit like studying acting with de niro or playing basketball with jordan .
bayer leverkusen have turned to former german international striker bruno labbadia in a bid to revive their fortunes in the bundesliga next season .
the nomination would make dunwoody , appointed the deputy commanding general and chief of staff of the army materiel command last week , to the top spot at the command . the senate must confirm her promotion .
customs officials carried out a thorough and complete inspection of the ship , its crew and its contents , a spokesman for france s foreign ministry said .
from the beach of lake willoughby s southwest cove , the sheer cliffs of mount pisgah tower over the deep , frigid water .
it looks like the uptick in november was a knee jerk response to the presidential election being over , he said . the false reading in november bumped their expectations too high , leading to disappointment this month , vitner added .
bhutto had named her husband , asif ali zardari , to head the pakistan people s party in her will , which was read on sunday , but he handed over the position to the couple s son , ppp official makhdoom amin faheem said .
jin , , is one of about members of the communist party s central committee and formerly headed the state administration of taxation .
he will also travel to yongbyon to observe disabling activities and meet the u . s . disablement team there , said the official .
after police spoke to cho , they received a call from a student concerned that he might be suicidal .
scientists checked them wednesday using photos of the animals swimming in the port of sacramento .
about a week ago , he swam under the golden gate bridge to the shores of corte madera .
there are two types of lodging
prince charles turns waiting for throne
she asked for forgiveness , adding that she understood that a simple apology might not be enough and sufficient to address the pain and the hurt i have caused you .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id in , dr mohga kamal yanni was preparing to leave egypt for a clinical attachment in england when her father had a heart attack .
the korea times reports a summit between president roh moo hyun and u . s .
at rachel s little a le inn , owner pat travis enthuses about the mystery guests who frequent her intergalactic way station .
the video was shown at a scientology ceremony honoring cruise for his humanitarian work .
the demonstration looked similar to a wednesday briefing on the incident by british vice admiral charles style , who released a map of the shatt al arab purporting to show the coordinates of the british boat when it was captured , along with pictures of handheld gps devices showing the location .
the storm was packing maximum sustained winds of about mph well below the wind speeds that were recorded as it approached the arabian peninsula .
rashes stay away from those areas that might be infected , warned martha young , a certified massage therapist . whether it s eczema , poison ivy or some other skin allergy , massaging that area might irritate it further .
south korea has agreed to send , tons of rice to north korea , after five days of talks in pyongyang .
the skyrocketing korean won , coupled with hefty oil prices , has turned on a red light for the export driven domestic economy .
reiss made pointed reference to north korea s failure to respond to a series of initiatives undertaken by the south korean government , which has sought to encourage more moderate behavior from pyeongyang .
a cruise ship anchoring for one day can destroy nearly an acre . hectares of intact reef , he said .
from there he obtained sponsorship for his next project
million year old fossil skull , shoulders and part of the pelvis of the water dweller ventastega curonica were found in latvia , researchers report in a study published in thursday s issue of the journal nature .
he said he joined an adult online discussion group devoted to the harry potter books in before launching his own web site as a hobby a year later .
jets have been known to stall when their engines take in large amounts of ash .
until now the us military has avoided losses by flying low and fast but no method is entirely fail safe and as the us military does not provide details on the number of attacks on aircraft it is difficult to know whether or not there has been an upsurge .
the joong ang ilbo reports that speaking to korean immigrants on sunday , buenos aires time , the president said , now , our interest is to help pyeongyang accept a market economy so that north koreans can have a better life .
in china , however , the major bilateral beef remains tokyo s failure to atone for imperial japan s bloody atrocities during world war ii .
well , if somehow you misplaced your ticket , you can watch the speeches by the president and comedian wanda sykes and the entertainment , on c span tonight .
the grand national party may make or break today depending on how former seoul city mayor lee myung bak reacts to party chairman kang jae sup s latest plans to reform the party .
the ministry also said manufacturers polled expect that their output will rise . percent on month in december , but will be flat in january .
veterinarian chen chia chun says it s extremely rare for dogs to be born mute .
the hostages relatives in south korea welcomed news of the deal .
in late january , a french court sentenced eric breteau the group s leader emilie lelouch , alain peligat , philippe van winkelberg , dominique aubry and nadia merimi to eight years in a french prison .
the japanese fisheries agency said thursday it would readily hand over the two men .
it is they first time makers of so called spyware programs have been prosecuted in the nation .
the illinois legislature could start impeachment proceedings against governor rod blagojevich as early as tomorrow .
the turkish military s web site said militants five soldiers and three pro turkish village guards were killed tuesday night .
a delegation of south korean diplomats were also aiding the negotiations , a korean embassy official said .
the ipcc groups , scientists and is the top world authority on climate change .
it seems no one cares for her , said the neighbor , who was contacted by telephone from bangkok . he spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the subject .
part of the problem is that devout hindus believe monkeys are manifestations of the monkey god hanuman and feed them bananas and peanuts encouraging them to frequent public places .
the whole concept of social warmth is learned in infancy , williams said .
the new york times reported sunday that the u . s . intelligence agencies and outside nuclear experts concluded that the bush administration s efforts to slow north korea and iran s nuclear weapon development with its allies in europe and asia have failed and these two countries benefited greatly from it .
especially with the wind you cannot lose your concentration , because as soon as you do that you start making a lot of errors , and then you lose your rhythm , added jankovic , who said her four double faults in the second set were a direct result of the conditions .
the lower burning occurred in both normal and obese people and was due partly to metabolic slowing
iraq s interior minister says reports of prisoners being tortured at an iraqi run center have been exaggerated .
allows consumers to order and receive video services over the copper wires that already service almost every american home .
on wednesday , wen and abe declared their firm intentions to move forward on rebuilding relations , signed agreements on energy and the environment , and issued a joint statement that laid out a series of issues for the countries to cooperate on . full story
thai pm vows to restore stability
we ve just learned from the mccain campaign that sarah palin will make an appearance on tomorrow s saturday night live .
contrary to the muslims belief of the sacredness of the month of ramadan , which starts on friday and will likely last until after the u . s . presidential election on nov . , there have been growing concerns about violent events in the region .
carolyn buxton bridges , a medical epidemiologist at the influenza branch of the centers for disease control and prevention , reported on a flu vaccine program involving healthy adult employees ages to at the ford motor co .
for japan , its sovereignty was violated , but it also infringed on my rights by neglecting on its duty to protect me , he said .
bacas , a high school rowing coach , had been on a six day trip to summerton , south carolina , with about students , said mike krulfeld , director of student activities at yorktown high school in arlington .
jankovic marks elevation with stuttgart win
since then , the prime minister has remained abroad , living mostly in london .
the pop star spent an hour in court in the southern african nation today , as she tries to adopt the girl .
ankara , turkey cnn foreign minister abdullah gul , a former islamist , is set to be elected turkey s next president on tuesday in a move the secular elite says will bring religion back into public life and undermine the secular republic .
european stocks fell slightly friday amid ongoing speculation about potential problems in the banking sector .
i don t think bda will be an obstacle , he said before meeting kim . i think we ll work that out .
he is to hand over power on monday .
it was the first time rats had made it to alaska .
there are literally hundreds of situations in which a woman s gut intuition is spot on , but she talks herself out of it so as not to make waves , northrup said . we women are suckers for wanting to be loved .
the program is slated to expire in april .
source supplements
mayor a c wharton set up a heat wave phone line for people seeking services that can help them escape from the heat , including the locations of cooling centers and free fans for seniors .
ukraine and russia said the supply of natural gas to europe was completely shut off wednesday , but each side blamed the other for the cut off which comes as europe faces a wave of freezing temperatures .
ap fossil hunters in china have discovered what may be one of the weirdest prehistoric species ever seen a four winged dinosaur that apparently glided from tree to tree .
but the sun newspaper said that blair will tell the commons wednesday that , soldiers will be back in britain within weeks and that , of britain s contingent of , will be back by the end of the year .
sharon grant , chair of the commission for patient and public involvement in health , which commissioned the survey , said these findings indicate that the nhs dental system is letting many patients down very badly .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the commission also turned down a blue house request to appear in person before the decision was handed down .
but i sincerely hope in the future the parties themselves can talk about the political horizon themselves , she said .
wayne rooney was employed as the solitary striker , with tevez starting the game as one of the substitutes .
adhab described a bloody scene , saying dozens of sheep were killed in the melee , and military aircraft still hovered over the neighborhood hours after the raid .
musharraf said monday that whatever the result , we will accept it with grace .
ads for cigarettes have since fallen to about .
pro democracy activists rallied in the burmese capital , rangoon , to mark the th anniversary of aung san suu kyi s party s victory in national polls .
about , hiv negative volunteers will participate in the five year study .
the company says the mosquito has proved popular with shop keepers who buy it to move along gatherings of teenagers and anti social youths .
korea has seen an exodus of foreign capital in recent years amid fresh questions whether the country is sufficiently dedicating itself to attracting foreign investment .
chicken pox vaccine
we re gonna focus on the middle class .
but huckabee , who won the iowa caucuses and most of the gop primaries in the deep south , said tuesday that he was still hoping for a win in texas .
tiny killer threatens huge albatross
rove plans to write a book about his days with bush and eventually teach politics on the university level .
debate watchers say obama wins
referring to his relationship with bruni , sarkozy said , it s a serious matter , but the date won t be fixed today . it is serious . you will find out when it happens .
the unusual display was the climax of an annual bonfire celebration saturday in the southern town of battle , where political figures are a favorite target of a local tradition that sees a different icon destroyed each year .
odinga said he suspected the foul hands of our adversaries in the shooting death of were , a parliament member from the orange democratic movement , according to the associated press .
provided he suffers no reaction , terry will return to the center of defence alongside rio ferdinand for wednesday s match on the plastic pitch at the luzhniki stadium .
south korean officials said wednesday that it is time to focus on diplomatic efforts to persuade north korea to rejoin the regional talks on its nuclear arms programs and that it s too early to think about hardline options to pressure the communist country .
while every year spanish herdsmen protest their rights by herding hundreds of sheep along the capital s exclusive , tree lined boulevards and luxury store filled avenues , this year they were joined by colorfully attired shepherds from countries who had been taking part in a world gathering of nomad and transhumance shepherds .
we hope to confirm that the japan u . s . alliance is a stabilizing factor for the region , and we plan to discuss ways to strengthen the alliance for the world and for asia , shiozaki said .
the seoul education office said about students in five schools became sick after having school lunches since mid june .
correspondents say it is now feared many of the weapons are being used against us forces on the ground in iraq .
abe last week sided with the critics , saying that there was no proof that the women were coerced into prostitution , igniting a storm of criticism and protests in south korea and other countries where the women came from .
observing from the sidelines , one of min s fellow drag queens known as teacher zhang noted most older gay men don t feel comfortable going to the more expensive bars or clubs frequented by the younger generation .
the mangyongbong was originally scheduled to make trips to japan through sept .
the little mermaid was created by danish sculptor edvard eriksen in tribute to the danish storyteller hans christian andersen .
jackson county prosecutor jim kanatzar said before the hearing that the children were killed with a handgun , but he did not provide additional details .
at issue was whether broadcast ads promoting the minute documentary hillary
on iran , gorbachev agreed that a nuclear armed tehran must be opposed .
the ministry plans to replace current passports with e passports , which have a chip containing fingerprints and other personal information .
questions are increasingly raised over how the u . s . troops will get out of iraq .
. only searching for the perfect job
the communist authorities in beijing have promised to carry out an investigation .
addressing the calls for change in the presidential campaign , bush said mccain would be steadfast to one of his administration s policies .
the first and immediate priority issue that we all agreed was that we must feed the hungry , said ban , who will lead the task force .
kabul , afghanistan ap a wave of fighting in afghanistan s south and west killed police and dozens of suspected militants , afghan officials said thursday .
they sipped on juice boxes , played on swings and jumped on and off seesaws .
during his opening speech at the th apec meeting among finance ministers held in cheju , han , as the chairman of the two day gathering , said that we should now consider filling in the missing links of the pacific economic rim .
the farmers lifted the blockades and began negotiations with the government , only to resume striking a few weeks later .
beijing , china cnn a typhoon killed at least people as it swept across southeast china this week , destroying crops and battering homes , xinhua news agency said .
and hussain osman , were handed down life sentences at woolwich crown court in london after being convicted monday for conspiracy to murder .
some states are even worse than that .
republican presidential front runner john mccain took a large step toward clinching his party s presidential nomination with wins in tuesday night s gop primaries in ohio and vermont , according to cnn projections . cnn projected mccain the winner in those states shortly after polls closed , based on exit polling .
hosting a technical conference like gsm in a beautiful city like barcelona may seem odd .
the extra money will be used to finance the extension of a children s health insurance program .
and in beijing , a woman who answered the phone at the spokesman s office of the foreign ministry and would not give her name said
, four years after the spice girls was created , and the remaining band members going their separate ways after releasing the album forever in .
the gun control issue has been politically divisive for years , and the monumental decision is expected to have broad social and legal implications , especially in an election year .
the medics five bulgarians and a palestinian left libya on tuesday on a french plane accompanied by sarkozy s wife , clearing the way for a visit by the president .
the labor department reports another , americans signed up for unemployment benefits for the first time .
he began his career with mcdonald s as vice president of the company s advertising firm , d arcy advertising , in chicago .
plumes of black , brown and gray smoke soared eight miles high above the volcano , and strong tremors were felt up to miles away .
the province s governor , winai phopradit , said he had ordered the national park to close during the current rainy season .
france is considering a bid from either grenoble , nice or annecy .
at the santa clarita studios in valencia , california about miles north of los angeles some staffers weren t able to get to work monday , due to traffic on area roadways and concern about their homes , according to variety .
relaxing your body will actually turn down your heart rate .
however , a south korean official has insisted the launch is not imminent , and no substantial moves towards the launch of the missile from musanri on the north s north eastern coast have been detected in recent days .
lynch , whose operations cover the central part of iraq , south of baghdad , said soldiers have been helped by the surge , or additional troops , and have made strides against militants .
in february , japanese authorities released hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations against him , but the marine corps conducted its own investigation to see if hadnott violated codes of military justice .
kim sun il , i really want to go home
people from all over the world are coming to live in holland , so you have to make new forms of living together , he said . the tent is a nice metaphor for studying this .
shiloh jolie pitt , , is in second place after coming in first last year
west nile has now been found in horses and birds the united states can t wait before taking action against iraqi president saddam hussein , vice president dick cheney said .
the increased us activity is being seen as a sign of growing concern over somali pirates .
the er is feet long , weighs about tons and is listed at million .
another man , who manufactured and supplied the watches , is being investigated , police said .
and now , the world will know , too .
those who know me , who live with me , know that this is finally a dream come true for me .
in the past , it has taken up to days to cobble together a coalition of parties from both sides of belgium s linguistic and political divides .
oh , yes , of course i m ready to go ! it s been a whirlwind ever since obama mentioned the african american centenarian in his victory speech tuesday night .
his personality develops just like a child s
cho left a note in his dorm in which he railed against rich kids , debauchery and deceitful charlatans on the virginia tech campus , the associated press reported .
kenya s patrick ivuti leaned at the finish line to edge jaouad gharib of morocco by . seconds , making him the fifth straight kenyan to win the race .
china has million internet users , second only to the u . s . .
since february this year , the legislation and judiciary committee failed to convene three times as the dlp lawmakers and officials occupied the committee room .
and then for some reason i saw a hammer and i threw that in the box , too .
assistant u . s . secretary of state christopher hill told reporters that the talks in geneva were probably the most substantive that washington has had with north korea since problems developed in december over disarming pyongyang s nuclear weapons program .
the way i theorized is that when we are confronted with new mental challenges , we don t know how to deal with it , he said . once we figure out a strategy , we engage those circuits .
consumers have several options on the licensing front .
he planned to arrive in page on saturday before continuing the trip to eagar , safford and then along the mexican border .
she said , no , but clare cavoli lopez has .
and instead of blockbuster news from apple vice president philip schiller , attendees got changes in itunes pricing , a series of software upgrades and a , inch notebook .
the , kilometer , mile singapore airlines scheduled flight will mark the end of a much longer journey for the aircraft , the delivery of which was delayed by nearly two years , with costs running billion of dollars over budget .
we should have done it years before .
the study links political crises in developing countries to high death rates among newborn babies .
a general was among the passengers and four crew members who were killed , defense ministry col . cezary siemion said .
the us said north korea may have fired as many as six missiles .
we should continue to take developing agriculture and the rural economy and increasing farmers income as the top priority of our economic work , zhu said , reading from his page report before a backdrop of red flags .
delegates of the two koreas visited seodaemun prison history hall , where the colonial japanese detained and tortured korean independence fighters , and demanded adequate apologies and compensation from japan for their brutal rule .
the report said the negotiations would last a few days before a christmas recess .
his five year presidential term expires in november .
visitors will find exceptionally friendly people , all but deserted black sand beaches and a mountainous interior of dense rainforest , clean rushing rivers and jungle waterfalls .
she won five grammy awards this year three for rehab as well as album of the year and best new artist .
in this accident , none of those actions would have ultimately made any difference , said former shuttle program manager wayne hale , now a deputy nasa administrator .
and all four led the team out on their centenary appearance .
hatta radjasa said the plane had not been found and reports to the contrary were based on rumors from local villagers which were wrong .
waldheim , who was hospitalized in vienna last month with an infection , died at home of heart failure , with his family at his bedside , state broadcaster orf reported .
everything is connected in our earth system , conrad lautenbacher , head of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration , said at a panel on changing climate changing health patterns .
the move comes even as rockets and motars are being launched into israel .
about , asteroid names have been approved by the panel , while about , asteroids have been identified and numbered , union spokesman lars lindberg christensen said .
the commissioner emphasized pan national efforts and international cooperation are necessary to cope with current immigration issues . the total number of foreigners in korea will soon reach one million , which makes up about percent of the population , excluding about , illegal immigrant workers , and without proper actions , the government will face serious problems soon .
michael takes the record from isle of wight teenager seb clover , who was when he made the crossing in .
the sentence is unusually harsh for a senior figure , but zheng could have his sentence reduced to life on appeal .
an elderly woman wept as she sat in a wheelchair waiting to be taken from the camp .
happiness is more than just that smiley feeling , says karen reivich , ph . d . , a research associate in the positive psychology center at the university of pennsylvania .
the south korean government is alarmed by signs the north is pushing ahead with its nuclear weapons program .
india s defense minister warns his military to be ready for terror attacks from the air and sea , and a bag of explosives said left over from the attacks have been found in mumbai s main train station .
what can jobs do to top that ?
president roh will have summit talks with kazakh president .
the reasons for their removal are not publicly known , but the removals gained attention because they came after more than children were removed from the texas ranch of an offshoot mormon sect that practices polygamy . those children remain in state custody .
earlier , the united nations said it was uncertain as to when any meeting with shwe might take place .
the south korean government is seeking to freeze , not reduce the country s payments for maintaining u . s . forces on the peninsula , a government official said yesterday .
however , the campaign is over .
the dinner part can be tough
the fans were up to the challenge , buying all of the , available tickets for saturday s match against the kia tigers , with , of the seats purchased through the internet prior to the game .
a ghanaian court found them guilty in november of possessing drugs and trying to smuggle them out of the country .
players get a random alert indicating that quick ! space monsters are now hovering around the tokyo tower or any eleven outlet , for instance .
a mass hunger strike began at guantanamo in august and reached a peak of detainees .
this is what i came back to do , to play some matches and try to play some good players , so i m excited about it .
i don t know who the client is .
cnn a russian judge sentenced opposition leader garry kasparov to five days in jail sunday , a day after the chess champion turned politician and other protesters were arrested at a pro democracy demonstration in moscow .
spitzer made his name as an investigator of organized crime , financial crime and prostitution , and his fall from political grace is being seen as one of the biggest new york has known .
no surprise in time magazine s pick of the person of the year
london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown will skip the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics .
teachers were angry when they heard the ministry would allow students , parents and fellow teachers to grade their performance in the classroom .
the presidential palace sits on the west side of the tigris river , inside a vast area that stands as the official seat of power in iraq but is rarely used by saddam .
australian cherie nowlan gave us the family comedy introducing the dwights , and zoe cassavetes followed in the footsteps of father john cassavetes with her first feature , the indie broken english .
the trip is run by the south korean conglomerate hyundai , which gives visitors mostly south koreans a rare view at the fabled diamond mountain in the southeast corner of north korea .
last weekend s murder of an year old by a convicted sex offender has triggered an outcry here for the public release of more data on released offenders who are back in their communities .
but the postings from the twentysomething english laceworker are from the trenches of world war i nine decades ago .
bush called rove a dear friend and thanked him for his enormous sacrifices for the country .
furthermore , they take advantage of this knowledge .
a new study suggests that searching online could be beneficial for the brain .
it fuels inappropriate speculation and creates undue anxiety for families and communities while wasting valuable investigative time and resources that could be spent on the main investigations .
the dow is up points . it s the day before the night before , and christmas travel is being affected by the economy and the weather .
the two koreas remain technically at war since the korean war ended in a cease fire , but their relations have warmed significantly since the one and only summit between their leaders in .
wood beamed ceilings , tall windows and rough hewn furnishings are pleasantly reminiscent of an old farmhouse rather than a city center hotel .
the decision was another twist in a dramatic weekend for the deal , which would have been one of australia s largest buyouts .
damon mosler , chief of the narcotics division for the san diego county district attorney s office , was surprised by what he described as the dealers openness about what they were doing .
the announcement was made before six party nuclear disarmament talks resumed in beijing , and the bank dispute had threatened to impede those talks .
big money arrivals have included striker kenwyne jones , midfielder kieran richardson , defender anton ferdinand and a club record million . m on goalkeeper craig gordon .
the year old dog would have been suffocated within minutes .
girls are encouraged to compete against each other to become the hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo in the whole world .
the statement was accompanied by demands that the iraqi government issue a general amnesty to his followers and release any being held . the statement was distributed across iraq and posted on the internet .
okay , thank you , warren .
i will accept any remedies they propose , he added . wolfowitz defended his actions to send riza on an external assignment to the u . s . state department soon after he joined the bank in , saying he was in uncharted waters in his new
ziomek , who said his job in real estate keeps him from going out much , has blue eyes and light brown hair and goes to the gym four to five times a week .
the tax relief plan he envisions for the middle class alone would mean billion or more in tax cuts , he said .
south korea will ask north korea to allow president roh moo hyun to travel to pyongyang by land , possibly using a reconnected railway across the border , for the inter korean summit , the unification minister said thursday .
and she wanted her husband to continue his run for the presidency .
the workers overwhelmed the police and factory guards , lap said . things went out of control , and we had to call in more police to restore order .
anti government protesters shout down with alkatiri !
in san antonio , texas , obama said predatory lenders who are now in financial trouble spent millions lobbying congress , and some contributed heavily to bush s campaign .
south korea s foreign ministry confirmed the body is that of kim sun il , who was abducted last week in falluja .
the canadian armed forces said they are trying to locate nine people believed to be at sea after the yemen coast guard requested help .
however , red won t make you look smarter or more competent , says study author andrew elliot , ph . d . , a professor of psychology at the university of rochester in new york .
the us top military commander in iraq and the us envoy in baghdad have told congress that the surge , launched in february , is working .
john klensin , a member of the standard setting internet engineering task force and chairman of the internet architecture board urged strict adherence to established processes for developing and testing new internet wide standards .
the items are to go on sale following a protracted court battle that ended two weeks ago when michael jackson s lawyers reached a confidential settlement and dropped an effort to block the auction .
isolated in the united nations and unloved everywhere in the arab world as israel s unconditional champion , the united states and its lame duck president have little to contribute .
the nation s broadcasting regulator announced on monday that it would take more than a week before deciding on the proper punishment for the indecent exposure that took place on a live music television program .
from next year , we will fortify the screening procedure to weed out murderers , criminals sought by international police and people disguising themselves as asylum seekers , vice unification minister rhee bong jo said at a news conference .
the news , his psychiatrists , the drugs they prescribed was part of a phony , stage set world with him as the involuntary star , like the movie the truman show .
she left with her father , still dressed in her white gown .
police , journalists and crowds of fans are outside the broome street apartment in the fashionable soho area .
rodriguez gerada s not sure how long the face would remain in place in barcelona , because the site is slated to be used for a new municipal building .
several loud explosions have been heard at a mosque in the pakistani capital where armed islamic students have been resisting a siege by security forces .
musharraf may also move to restore the credibility of january elections by suspending local mayors and scrapping a two term limit for prime ministers , attorney general malik mohammed qayyum said friday .
kim young nam , believed in the south to have been kidnapped to the north while he was , said yesterday he crossed the inter korean sea border by accident , denying allegations of abduction .
in a dispatch from paris , yonhap news agency is reporting communist north korea executed a state run company s director last year for having made phone calls abroad without government permission , an international journalist group said in its annual report released sunday .
a small contingent of police and military remain in chaiten , officials said .
others oppose the canal as totally un needed and some see it purely a political payoff for lee s friends in the construction industry .
the deaths , in fighting that was still under way , brought the number of militants killed since saturday night to .
the accusation comes amid a bitter dispute between australia and both the solomon islands and papua new guinea png , over a controversial sex case .
i respect you very much , she remembers telling the teen .
roh made the remarks in response to bush s praise for the korean troops humanitarian and reconstruction operations in the middle eastern country .
i would like him to be handed over to the people so that they can tear him apart , klimova told reporters .
george peterson , urban policy analyst for the urban institute in washington , d . c . , describes the typical inner city landscape beset by crime , poverty and neglect .
meanwhile , communist china is closing of beijing s petrol stations to improve air quality ahead of the olympics in august .
john paul may and his mother were at a university concert when officials got word that the heart was available .
more than children were found in britain , gamble said , declining to give further details .
fletcher howard said police were not sure if a second gunman was at large .
rialto , california cnn rodney king , whose police beating sparked widespread rioting in los angeles and other u . s . cities , was recovering thursday after being slightly wounded by gunfire .
epidemiologists , health officials , moms with sick children learn about the current flu activity level in their own state based on data that s coming in this week , said jeremy ginsberg , the lead engineer who developed the site .
it took norma margeson a few minutes to learn to control the skinny metal robot .
pollsters projections showed the socialists and their allies in the lead in key cities from sunday s first round but overall , the left s lead was slim , and the decisive runoffs a week away remained an open battleground .
the ministry attributed the surge of exports to the steady growth of the global economy , domestic pressure to cut inventories , and concerns over aggravated export conditions in the latter half of the year .
but all of these mobile , technological gadgets that are so prevalent now somehow people just get sucked into their own little world of their cell phones , ipods , wireless computers . they re not existing in a society and realizing that their actions affect anyone else .
fifth seed serena williams defeated russia s vera zvonareva to capture the . million family circle cup , her third tournament title of the year .
he ran s , a notorious jail where a total of more than , men , women and children were thought to have been imprisoned , many of them brutally tortured .
same sex marriage rallies stretch across nation
the move is designed to help the us military supply enough troops for ongoing operations .
ahead of her arrival police have sealed roads and readied bomb disposal squads amid fears islamic militants could try to kill her , the associated press reported .
her show , derived from a canadian radio program that began in , offered practical advice and the latest information on sexually transmitted diseases .
the actor , who has been campaigning for an end to the year war in darfur and humanitarian aid for the millions caught up in the conflict , will become the ninth u . n . peace envoy .
chinese prime minister wen jiabao has used a landmark address to the japanese parliament , the diet , to urge japan to face up to its world war ii actions .
not true , blair s spokesman told reporters at the g summit in germany .
a lot of times , real anger is an attempt to get control over a situation where the person doesn t usually have it , he said .
the blast comes a day before the start of the month of muharram , a holy period of mourning , when religious tension are high .
in north korea s first confirmation of kim s secretive trip to china this week , its official news agency kcna said kim and chinese president hu jintao agreed to try to resolve the dispute peacefully through talks with the united states , south korea , japan and russia .
mugabe was second with . percent , and makoni third with . percent .
the uri party suffered a crushing defeat in saturday s by elections as opposition parties swept most of the chief posts in local governments , according to the national election commission sunday .
he attempted to resign from the presidency by fax from japan , but peru s congress refused to accept it , instead declaring him morally unfit to govern .
the walkout , if carried out as planned , is feared to deal a devastating blow to the economy .
the incident occurred in now zad , in northwest helmand province , where british troops in nato s international security assistance force are based .
but more severe cases can cause fluid to accumulate on the brain , resulting in polio like paralysis and death .
the korea times reports about north korean refugees arrested in crackdowns by chinese police last month have been sent back to the north where they will likely face severe punishment for defection .
the enemy is not brave enough to fight face to face with the afghan army , karim said . they have to resort to suicide and roadside bombs .
on main street , the homebuilding sector has not seen any of the billion come through the pipeline in the form of acquisition development and construction , or mortgage loans .
during the debate , mccain attacked obama s stance on taxes , accusing obama of seeking tax increases that would spread the wealth around .
not only is her mother peeking over melissa s shoulder as she works , but so is clinical psychologist dina zeckhausen , founder of the eating disorders information network .
koreans , suffering from a debt hangover , cut their credit card spending nearly percent during the first half in a further indication that the much awaited normalization of the unprofitable card industry may come later than hoped .
many families now choose to have only one child , citing the high cost of education and shortage of child care in korea .
the record drop in energy prices is behind america s smallest amount of inflation since .
london , england defending champion lleyton hewitt fell at the first hurdle on his return to the queen s grasscourt tournament when he was beaten by french qualifier jo wilfried tsonga on wednesday .
the ministry said a check of fish farms around the nation turned up traces of the chemical in fish from sites .
thus , if it sometimes seems like a woman remembers everything good and bad about a man , it s not just her being picky .
the four nations , which participated in the six party talks on north korea s nuclear programs with japan and russia , agreed to launch a separate four way forum to discuss the matter , an official involved in the talks said on condition of anonymity .
during a visit to japan last week , kim told friends there that a private group in taiwan had invited him .
bush declared an end to major combat in iraq in a may , , speech from the deck of the aircraft carrier uss abraham lincoln .
william henry harry bonser lamin s descriptions of grueling battles compete with complaints about cramped quarters and apologies for his irregular updates .
hicks legal status has been a sore spot for australia .
the country s parliament has voted to back the u . s . stance , sending two warships to the gulf .
human embryos have to be destroyed to produce stem cells .
mudslides caused by monsoon rains buried bamboo and straw shacks in shantytowns and collapsed brick houses in southeastern bangladesh monday , killing at least people .
the u . s . , china , japan , south korea and russia .
new cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars , have picked up pace here the past few days .
this iconic character had really maintained his position , abrams told the associated press in an interview to promote tuesday s dvd release of cloverfield , which set a record for january debuts with a million opening weekend .
the move , analysts say , is a direct retaliation for the month long raids on rebel positions by air force bombers .
watch as obama outlines his plans for iraq
south korea plans to establish a law aimed that at better controlling the use of nuclear power and banning any attempts to develop nuclear weapons .
it would be unrealistic of us not to expect certain problems because of the issues that we have witnessed in the financial markets , because of rising price of oil and food and the impact of these price increases , he said .
roh should concentrate his efforts on the economy and security issues .
the cleanup and new measures are planned for the second half of , zhang yongze told the official xinhua news agency .
a group of nearly civic groups from around the world delivered a letter of protest monday to justice minister kunio hatoyama .
he had no idea what to give his father , the evangelist billy graham , for his th birthday on friday .
the body of paulos faraj rahho , the chaldean catholic archbishop of mosul , was found in a shallow grave in the city after a tip from his captors .
issued by the heroes project , an organization the year old actor co founded to combat aids in india .
he also wants to write a book and speak out against the death penalty .
a police officer also died in one of the blasts .
the animals excursion , which led to minor disruption but no injuries , was ended swiftly .
sen . john kerry on thursday endorsed sen . barack obama for the democratic presidential nomination , saying the senator from illinois is a candidate to bring change to our country .
seoul and its sprawling surrounding areas , however , will not be included in the project .
the move would bring the number of us troops in iraq to pre surge levels , with about , still deployed in iraq .
at a graduation ceremony of the korea third military academy on tuesday , roh said korea s new role was of a stabilizer for peace and prosperity not just on the korean peninsula , but in east asia as a whole .
fresh fighting between rival gangs broke out in a district of east timor s capital dili on sunday .
we will have another look in the morning and , if it looks really good , then you never know . he might come on toward the end . but realistically we will probably wait until the weekend .
house speaker nancy pelosi is expressing confidence that president elect barack obama will be wise in spending the second billion dollars in the bank bailout fund .
the report is the latest in a series to be considered by the us congress as it debates the iraq war .
he will become coach of the dutch team ajax coach next season .
he has insisted it can only be lifted once the security situation improves .
thank you and i m looking forward to seeing my family and friends at cbs . and thank you again , he said .
vice president dick cheney , in an interview with fox news sunday , says it will be up to soon to be president barack obama to ultimately resolve the auto industry crisis
she has also been found on several occasions lying in front of the couple s garage door , yelling obscenities at james , bullock s lawyer said .
later !
the legislation would bring in tighter border controls but offer m illegal immigrants a path to citizenship .
several hours later , four women and one man were released in a desert close to shah baz .
in a letter to the administration , republican senators jesse helms , bob smith and john kyl , republican representative chris cox and democrat representative ed markey called on the president for the u . s . to provide north korea with fuel oil .
it s clear that the pundits declaring this race over have it all wrong . the voters in west virginia spoke loud and clear they want this contest to go on .
that attack targeted cars in line at the station , which is located in the shiite neighborhood of bayaa .
the attack came just a day after a conference in baghdad brought together officials from iraq s neighbors , the u . s . , and the u . n . security council , to search for ways to control the sectarian violence that has wracked the country .
of course the goals really put the icing on the cake for him .
a year later , the pain and vomiting were gone , the patient had regained pounds and reports that she has stopped eating her hair .
the riots took place across iran s major cities , including the holy city of mashhad and arak , where iran s heavy water plant is located , according to iran s official news agency , irna .
beijing , china cnn among all the protests , pollution concerns and talk of boycotts surrounding the beijing olympics , a more basic problem has arisen for organizers the toilets .
the supreme council of antiquities has restricted excavation in the most sensitive areas along the nile
wiping sweat from his brow with a towel , hough later denied ordering furniture from the prison at all , and said he merely teaches prisoners design and finishing techniques .
he has spent the past four years developing the film , writing the script and giving voice to its leading role .
another resident , lal mohammad , told the associated press on saturday that the fighters in musa qala were being led by gafoor , the hardline militia s corps commander in western afghanistan during the taliban regime .
larger , more dramatic ice collapses occurred in and .
mexico city , mexico cnn one of the reputed leaders of the powerful sinaloa drug cartel was formally charged wednesday and transferred to the same maximum security prison from which his boss escaped in a laundry cart seven years ago .
the dow is up points .
the white house is working on a bailout plan for the auto industry after congress failed to pass a billion proposal .
while all of the democratic candidates were in iowa on new year s day , the republicans were spread across the country , possibly reflecting the fact that the iowa contest has come down to a race between mike huckabee and mitt romney .
nation statistical office
the korea times reports the supreme court ruled on thursday that conscientious objection to mandatory military service because of religious faith is illegal , upholding a lower court ruling against a jehovah s witness and ending months long debates over the issue .
as they charged down the meter route , two of them fell and , appearing to lose their way , turned on the crowd of runners . two people were gored .
on saturday , a bomb placed at an izmir market killed one person and injured others , but there was no claim of responsibility for the attack , nor evidence that it was linked to the demonstration .
the punishments took effect november and the parties have days to appeal the verdicts to fila .
james madison , jefferson s successor , held slaves all of his life including while he was in office .
a shiite headmistress of an elementary school in saydiya in southwestern baghdad was killed by gunmen sunday afternoon , the official said .
pharmaceutical manufacturers cannot promote such off label uses to physicians or to the public , since the drugs were not screened for those purposes .
the president also targeted some conservative dailies , which have continuously attacked him for spoiling the alliance , as he is scheduled to meet u . s . president george w . bush in washington on sept .
investigators were seeking to locate more witnesses before questioning combs , said officials , who spoke to the associated press on condition of anonymity because the investigation hadn t not been completed .
at the american museum of natural history , paleontologists have unveiled a nearly complete fossilized skeleton of a primate that lived million years ago .
those issues , the agency said , will be discussed in more detail during a meeting slated to be held later this month in vienna .
action against militias in the ivory coast and the democratic republic of congo was also considered .
both his family and his employers reject the charges .
the korea times reports chung , a television news anchor turned politician , faces an uphill battle against lee myung bak of the grand national party , who commands a strong lead with support of about percent in opinion polls .
much of the mummy s body is broken into pieces that hawass described looked like stones that were damaged when british archaeologist howard carter discovered the mummy , took it from his tomb and tried to pull off his famous golden mask .
i m proud of barack obama , she told king . i pray for him , his family , the new administration . i look forward to the good things that are in store for this nation .
a hearing this year that she had a serious problem with alcohol in the years when the children were born and could not remember how they died .
this latest recall marks the fourth in six months , prompting the eu to embark on a two month review of its toy safety regulations , expected to be complete in november .
but the statement issued by harrod s said that despite assurances that today s interview would be kept confidential , he is concerned that it was reported within one hour of its conclusion .
hanhwa corporation , a private south korean firm , produced about , self destructing antipersonnel mines , which can be set to self destruct hours after deployment and are presumed to be copies of the u . s .
but injuries to fellow strikers thierry henry , louis saha and karim benzema have seen trezeguet back in the fold .
fewer koreans think they belong to the middle class than three years ago , feeling pushed down to the lower rungs of the social ladder .
the leading presidential candidate said that a stock manipulator should not become the president .
the joong ang ilbo reports in an attempt to further dictate the admission standards of universities , the education ministry announced yesterday a guideline for essay tests which several major universities had planned to administer independently .
federal communications commission for phones with a low cost chipset from philips electronics based on qualcomm inc .
palestinian militants on sunday attacked a united nations school festival in southern gaza , killing the bodyguard of a fatah lawmaker , according to palestinian security and medical sources .
cabinet level talks between north and south korea will be held soon .
musharraf is also under pressure from the british commonwealth , which has threatened to suspend pakistan from the nation alliance if he does not lift the emergency order by november .
the tsunami was triggered by a magnitude . quake that struck shortly after a . m . monday six miles beneath the sea floor , about miles from the western island of gizo and miles northwest of the solomons capital , honiara , the u . s . geological survey said .
my friends , this is about leadership and learning .
an unofficial tally of deaths in individual communities as reported by the news agency over several days puts the toll at , , with thousands more said to be trapped or missing .
there s too much debris in the river to continue in the river tonight .
firefighter melven champaign , years
jon , we re told the president has written the russian president , dmitri medyedev , to urge moscow to try to thwart iran s drive for long range missiles .
it is part of a new exhibit at russia s federal archives , whose officials hope it will help dispel decades of speculation that the soviet dictator was done in by a kremlin intrigue .
the reported number of infected children all are below the age of increased dramatically monday .
the chants of the demonstrators are replaced by loud orders from the military .
it s tongue in cheek and she s getting more attention that the other two , so she seemed like an ideal candidate .
at google , we believe technology can be a catalyst for education and action , schrage said . crisis in darfur will enable google earth users to visualize and learn about the destruction in darfur as never before and join the museum s efforts in responding to this continuing international catastrophe .
the researchers describe their study as the largest ever of its type and say students npi scores have risen steadily since the current test was introduced in .
it s as if the administration has snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
sarkozy picked up dewitt s camera but then put it down .
peng is to be deported .
he added , i m not sure the level of depression , i just know he was on antidepressants the last couple of months .
while conducting their investigation , police learned the man was wanted on a french international arrest warrant for an unrelated case , the statement said .
rappers snoop dogg and sean diddy combs have cancelled the british dates of their european tour after snoop was denied a visa to enter britain , his record company said on tuesday .
every member of the court is a former judge , and i m not a judge .
government supporters commemorating hariri s death and opposition supporters continuing their daily sit in to demand the government s resignation .
although most seats will not be decided until next week s second round , polling firms said mr sarkozy s ump party would win at least of the seats .
gorbachev added that russian president vladimir putin was right to say the anti missile project is an attempt to set europe against russia . we are being drawn into another arms race , he said .
an american citizen who happened to be in the area suffered non life threatening injuries , the spokesman said .
the official did not concretely explain how the u . s . would respond should north korea cross the red line , but the paper explained this was a strong warning that military action could not be excluded .
the result is a city that has repeatedly been forced to rebuild , shedding its past with each successive redevelopment .
they accuse the government of turning a blind eye to the situation .
paris , france cnn a paris court convicted french oil giant total sa on wednesday over the sinking of an aging and rusting tanker in rough seas , which caused france s worst ever oil spill .
they are asking serious questions about the future of american democracy .
some workers had had their pay withheld for up to a year , the group said .
maulana abdul aziz , the top cleric of the red mosque , joined the government s call for the students to surrender , a day after he was arrested trying to slip out of the mosque disguised in a burqa the head to toe covering worn by some muslim women .
israel wants to live in peace in the region but we cannot because hamas is targeting our civilians .
monrovia , liberia cnn officials have confirmed the presence in liberia of mass graves which are believed to hold the remains of people massacred during the country s year civil war .
indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull will be in theaters may , .
a journalist with an iraqi television network threw shoes at
the bunting suffer because the mice eat their eggs and chicks , and may also compete with them for food in the winter , cuthbert said .
dressed in a black , red and purple japanese style gown , riyo mori nervously grabbed the hands of first runner up , natalia guimaraes of brazil , just before the winner was announced .
the data came from the world bank , the organization for economic cooperation and development , the world trade organization and the united nations .
, will be the world s first large commercial airplane made mostly of carbon fiber composites , which are lighter , more durable and less prone to corrosion than aluminum .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said the haifa attack the worst on israel since clashes started would have far reaching consequences .
on saturday , the united states removed north korea from the list of terrorism sponsors after it said the two countries reached agreement on a number of verification measures .
his second daughter , alexandra , was born two years ago to the same surrogate , implanted with an egg from a different donor .
armando schneider filho , director of engineering for the nation s airport authority infraero , said the runway would remain closed for days .
kim turned himself in to the seoul metropolitan police agency yesterday morning .
mcdonald s is being sued by an arkansas man who left his cell phone in one of its restaurants .
the telecommunications company has sponsored a team since .
whitaker , mirren , hudson and murphy had won most of the major awards leading up to the oscars , giving their races a preordained feeling .
their school colors are black and gold , and so what we developed was the first of all , the very latest designs that we manufacture , the most ergonomic seating , the latest design of table and we produced them in their school colors , their black and gold .
seven people from the same family in northern sumatra , indonesia , died from the disease earlier this month .
about , people holding candles silently walked past city hall and along the main road leading to gyeongbok palace , while about , riot police looked on .
the palestinian death toll continues to rise as rocket attacks continue and the israeli ground
a holy grail for art and history lovers
washington cnn secretary of the army francis harvey resigned friday in the wake of recent reports of substandard conditions at walter reed army medical center , a key facility treating troops wounded in iraq .
it was a blunder , but i committed no crime , miceli said , explaining that she borrowed most of the cash from her brother in order to buy a house in the capital .
upcoming episodes include ullman s takes on helen mirren , cameron diaz , renee zellweger , and , in a send up of angelina jolie s philanthropic efforts , a superstar from malawi who comes to the u . s . to adopt american kids .
eight bombs shook the capital , bangkok , at new year , killing three and leaving almost wounded .
even won makes a difference for them now .
meanwhile , president george w bush will face fresh pressure over his iraq policy this week as the us senate debates war funding .
but there has been scant data on this notion , aside from a study looking at locomotion energy in juvenile chimps .
the man , lee eisenberg , claimed to have a bomb strapped to his chest , but it turned out to be road flares held with duct tape , police said .
a letter from a young man , who spent time in auschwitz , to his parents .
the strong winds and high surf caused the volgoneft to split in two , spilling up , gallons of fuel oil , an official from russia s emergency situations ministry told cnn .
ed donahue , washington .
two more soldiers were injured , one critically .
isuzu s deseo , a futuristic suv concept vehicle , has a lightweight , aluminum frame and stylishly short front and rear ends .
jeffrey sachs of harvard university in cambridge , massachusetts , led the study .
kenya s western province is the area near its border with uganda .
however , after examining their degrees through the council for higher education accreditation chea , of them are said to have earned them from unaccredited institutes .
but factor in cars which is how most of us get around trains and other mass transit , plus hotels , and you get . . . average .
the protest was organized by the . national convention , an alliance of right wing veterans , radical religious groups and conservative civic associations , to mark the nd memorial day .
brazil last staged the world cup in and is the only country bidding to stage the version , having benefited from fifa s decision to rotate the world cup between different continents .
wiretaps on suspected members of the ring , authorized in january , yielded more than , telephone calls and text messages and another , plus e mails , according to court papers .
in terms of the curriculum , if it s a new york city public school , it has to go by new york city standards , said deborah howard . i m jewish . i would never be a part of a school that would in any way be involved with islamic fundamentalists .
president bush is to attend the g summit in hokkaido , japan on july .
earlier this month he was moved from prison to a drug rehabilitation unit .
peter marisi of the university of maryland
in a statement , president nicolas sarkozy expressed his horror at sunday s incident at the base , which houses the rd marine infantry parachute regiment .
while a number of big manufacturers and banks are now in the merger market , industry watchers say that their shareholders will find it hard to sell their shares in the near future .
the romeo and juliet possibility is just one of many .
they use the tools of democracy to undermine democracy .
as roma took sole possession of first place in the italian league on sunday with a win at reggina .
the quartet reaffirms its objective to promote an end to the conflict in conformity with the road map and expresses its intention to redouble its efforts in that regard .
ethiopia s health ministry , along with unicef , monitors the health of thousands of children here , but the number of areas they have been able to regularly visit has been cut in half this year .
the sprinter tested positive for excessive testosterone at the kansas relays in april .
he was a unique person and absolutely russian in his soul , in his impulsiveness and in his intellect .
it s coming out in to days , if we don t kill each other first , henley , , told the crowd saturday at the mgm grand garden arena .
state department spokesman tom casey told reporters in washington that there is every reason to anticipate there will be a round next week .
male voice the top priority right now is getting the economy out of the ditch .
henry was fouled to set up france s only goal , a th minute penalty by franck ribery past goalkeeper agustino julio .
the u . s . army said commanders are aware of the second allegation and are looking into it .
almost years ago , ginsberg was treated for colon cancer .
but oh s family has called for thorough investigation into the cause of death , refusing to hold a funeral . the k rifle found at the scene belonged to st lt .
more than buddhist monks marched in the central myanmar town of pakokku on wednesday , dissident sources in mae sot told cnn .
the rare joint action came after communist china recently published a series of books and articles as part of its northeastern project , claiming that the ancient history of korea originated from mainland china .
experts doubt the two men will appear together often .
this is a very dangerous situation , said john bolton , the former u . s . ambassador to the united nations .
the nba has played regular season games in japan and mexico , and played exhibition contests this season in london and rome .
san francisco , california cnn the mona lisa has long been shrouded in mystery , including one long standing question about the famous lady
lekima , named after a local fruit , also damaged about , homes , the government said .
kashgar , china cnn hundreds of security personnel lined the streets to head off any disruption , as the olympic torch relay resumed wednesday in western china s restive muslim region of xinjiang .
top seed henin , winner here for the past two years , was extended in the first set before taking control .
counting is under way in thailand after voting to elect members of the senate , in the second stage in the country s return to democratic government .
the monks chanted and prayed as they marched through pakokku , the site of an incident last month that triggered pro democracy protests nationwide .
park , daughter of the late president park chung hee who ruled the country for years after taking power in a military coup , has been considered a potential candidate for the presidential election next year .
the peanuts were barred from the united states due to , quote , filthy , putrid or decomposed substance unfit for consumption .
meanwhile , the korea times reports public anger is growing over the government s lack of response to an inquiry by the associated press about the kidnapping .
i believe that the politics of exclusion long practiced in this country doesn t have a future , lugo has said .
iran needs to suspend its enrichment activities as a confidence building measure but the international community should do its utmost to engage iran in comprehensive dialogue , elbaradei told a conference on nuclear non proliferation .
stephen attenborough , virgin galactic s astronaut liaison , reassured the founders in an e mail that the accident s impact on the first commercial spaceflights expected in late or will be minimal and that it was business as usual .
we were shouting , and people came to see what was going on .
and at that point , all the information will be in , obama said , referring to sunday s vote in puerto rico and tuesday s primaries in montana and south dakota .
he called on the palestinians to reject extremists , although he did not mention the islamic radical group hamas , which has gained control of gaza .
mccain is expected to travel to pennsylvania , ohio , colorado and iowa this week as part of his call to action tour .
in the southern state of chiapas , , people were evacuated due to floods , the newspaper el universal reported .
breaking from its usually stern rhetoric , north korea expressed condolences to the united states over the weekend for victims of a massive hurricane that has devastated the u . s .
it s also how wireless calls are supposed to work everywhere .
neighbors have helped the family financially , and shada tries to make ends meet by selling gasoline on the street .
samuel l . jackson reflects on bernie mac
but the white house is trying to downplay the figures .
apple has set a target of selling million units worldwide by , gaining roughly a percent share of the cell phone market .
the u . s . move comes after north korea s self proclaimed nuclear weapon test on oct .
scott mclennan says the rover opportunity is headed for a rock deep inside the endurance crater and explained what they re looking for .
in addition , about , iraqis are taking part in anti insurgent groups known as concerned local citizens or awakening councils .
mccain s comments come the same day the republican national committee launched a clock on its web site noting how many days it has been since obama traveled to iraq , and three days after his supporter sen . lindsey graham , r south carolina , suggested the presumed republican nominee and obama tour the country together .
the south korean government has named a female mechanical engineer as its first person to go to space after replacing its initial choice at the request of russian space authorities .
but preaching to people doesn t necessarily get results , says george peterson , an urban analyst with the urban institute , a washington , d . c . think tank .
george a . lopez , the publication s chairman of the board , said it has never been moved in response to a single event .
singh is years old and a foot tall pound lefthander .
obama said his memories of the people of illinois will stay with me when i go to the white house in january .
heston was born john charles carter in evanston , illinois , on october . , .
.
i do not plan to be overly ambitious in the forthcoming talks .
yemen , the poorest country in the arab world , is osama bin laden s ancestral homeland and has a persistent al qaeda movement that has attacked and killed foreigners on several occasions .
the leaders of iran , russia , kazakhstan , turkmenistan and azerbaijan also met tuesday to reach agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the caspian sea the world s largest inland body of water .
bullets buzzed through the ap bureau in gaza city after israel shelled the un headquarters in town , wounding three people .
a senior industry source said blackwater guards had escorted a state department group to a meeting with u . s . agency for international development officials in mansour before the shootings .
the japanese do not reflect on any wrongdoings , lee said .
tim tebow threw for two touchdowns , the florida defense came up with clutch stops , as the top ranked gators beat number two oklahoma in a bcs title game .
we believe they got acquainted through the internet .
it features several tennesseans saying why they are proud of american while repeatedly cutting to mrs . obama s comments . the tennessee republican party has always been proud of america .
rebel soldiers separately attacked prime minister xanana gusmao s motorcade an hour later .
sk corporation and s oil recently decided to offer their employees large financial incentives as their sales reached all time highs this year .
they will be held without bond pending a hearing friday , according to michael drewniak , spokesman for the u . s . attorney s office for the district of new jersey .
black market tickets for next year s olympic games in china are already being sold illegally on the internet .
and shame in watching the bodies get ripped apart and mutilated , a grave sin in islam .
the day after the inauguration , wednesday , is being described as day one for obama .
aaa report they re down to . this morning .
a spokesman for the president elect s transition team announced yesterday that meetings about building the artificial waterway that would stretch kilometers miles between seoul and busan have begun .
but it s not baldwin or his predecessors who capture the show s overwhelmingly female audience .
by a . m . on monday , dozens of people were queuing outside northern rock s branch in birmingham , repeating scenes seen on friday and saturday , britain s press association reported .
the information we had from mauritania is that the passengers fought back and they took the hijacker and now everything is ok , bass told cnn .
the new suffixes could appear in use by the middle of next year .
a team distracted by the expulsion of goalkeeper hope solo pulled together three days after a humiliating semifinal loss to brazil .
but elizabeth butler sloss said her decision would not delay the hearings which are scheduled to begin in october any further .
police have seized evidence indicating single korean women have illegally entered the united states .
at the request of serbia a close ally of russia the united nations security council held a private debate on the matter on thursday .
the son of an arab monarch is taking the king of pop to court over an album and an autobiography michael jackson was allegedly paid for but never produced .
but it s not expected to happen soon
fuad hussein , chief of staff for the kurdistan regional government krg , said all eight are healthy and in good condition .
race organizers added a scoring way point below mauritius , and an exclusion zone above the country to keep the fleet east and away from somalia , he said .
we say to you , now that you are in control of gaza , you should remember two things one is that being in power is not a goal in itself , but the goal is , rather , to implement the rule of allah , al zawahiri said in that audiotape , according to a cnn translation .
new york afp half a century after its publication , john steinbeck s east of eden topped the new york times bestseller list this week , leaving publishers bowing in gratitude to talk show queen oprah winfrey .
lady bird johnson was briefly hospitalized last month with a low grade fever .
the same denial , the same rationalization , the same inability to give it up , dr . thomas allen of the osler medical center in towson , maryland .
one person died after a car bomb exploded near the protest area , officials said , and ramathibhodi hospital officials confirmed that a woman died from severe chest injuries suffered in the clash with police .
the door was closed , and she had affixed a sign on the outside warning , gas being emitted , kyodo reported .
without the bread that she begs from strangers , she , her sisters , her baby brothers and her mom would all go hungry .
washington cnn a frog the size of a bowling ball , with heavy armor and teeth , lived among dinosaurs millions of years ago intimidating enough that scientists who unearthed its fossils dubbed the beast beelzebufo , or devil toad .
las vegas , nevada cnn once celebrated for cameras that made their own prints , polaroid corp . plans to update the concept this year by selling a portable printer for images on cell phones and digital cameras .
on sunday at least , demonstrators gathered in istanbul , turkey s largest city , to protest against erdogan s islamist influenced government in defense of the country s secular political traditions , the associated press reported .
optimists say lee may be able to renew his leadership by pushing kang out .
one of the newest inductees to the national toy hall of fame in rochester , new york
in one case a passenger s mobility scooter was damaged in transit and she paid pound
miss usa rachel smith , who slipped and fell to the floor during the evening gown competition and was jeered by the mexican audience during the interview phase , was the contest s fourth runner up .
monday s strike was the first major attack on an air force base since the rebels demonstrated their air strike capability in march this year .
in kotor , all roads lead either to the main square of weapons or to st . tryphon cathedral , which is adorned with cream colored korcula stone pillars .
let them make that list and shove it in their pocket , chavez said in a televised speech .
she praised sammo as a young man who lost his life in the moment to save democracy . . . he did not bow his head before dictatorship and terrorism .
eva joins a teen group that consists of other middle schoolers from around the country .
but not the czechs .
the nasdaq fell . percent to , losing . .
a . ton freight elevator shuttles the smorgasbord of goods between floors , while workers on cherry pickers snag items from the top shelves .
the accomplishment as part of a british climbing expedition even added luster to the coronation of britain s queen elizabeth ii four days later , and she knighted hillary as one of her first act .
the remainder of the , birds were being culled to prevent the further spread of the disease , and veterinary officials were enforcing a protection zone around the farm .
an infection can lead to dangerous liver disease .
the yazidis , who observe an ancient middle eastern religion , look down on mixing with people of another faith .
hanwha group chairman kim seung youn , facing accusations of ordering his bodyguards to retaliate against a group of young men involved in a brawl with his son , was questioned at the namdaemun police station sunday .
the company is famous for its traditional production methods , but managing director charles morgan announced a hydrogen fueled , zero emissions car using morgan s traditional ash framed body would be launched at geneva next year .
kaba aye means world peace in burmese .
i had my blade in my hands so i punched at it with my blade .
police announced saturday that they would maintain strict control of any antiglobalization protests against the wef at the shilla hotel and said they had deployed , policemen near the hotel in central seoul .
the company said no reports have been filed for batteries made after , and noted that the recalled units are a small fraction of the more than million it has shipped over six years .
one israeli soldier was lightly wounded , she said .
a cambodian couple who separated after years of marriage may have taken things too literally when it came to splitting their assets
a member of al aqsa martyrs brigades was killed and three were wounded thursday when a rocket hit a house in the northern gaza town of beit hanoun , hamas officials and members of al aqsa martyrs brigades said .
tension was mounting in the ghazni province where the south korean church volunteers are held hostage , as afghan military helicopters dropped leaflets warning of an upcoming military operation in the province .
asean ministers met , as a government panel in military ruled myanmar on tuesday completed writing the draft of a new constitution .
have been released by the british ministry of defence .
the korean war ended in an armistice , not in a peace treaty , and the two countries are technically still at war .
two dna tests found no match between any of the three men and evidence in the case , but nifong who was up for re election at the time pursued the prosecution anyway .
the companies said they expected total pretax annual synergies of million , including million of cost synergies and million of revenue synergies .
in a written interview with the korea times ahead of the international gathering , adb president tadao chino ruled out the possibility of a surprise appearance by north korean observers at the cheju meeting .
sleep and digestive disorders , doctors say , can grow into bigger problems
supreme court justice nominee kim young ran support the abolition of hoju system .
arroyo said she would take the findings and allegations seriously .
she s followed , in order , by scarlett johansson , christina aguilera , jessica biel , ali larter , eva mendes , rihanna , eva longoria , fergie , sienna miller , angelina jolie , beyonce knowles and katherine heigl .
then the north and the south can live together peacefully .
of course , we are prepared to fill the gap , with the help of neighbors and regional friends like saudi arabia , and with the help of the iraqi nation .
japan takes more than , whales a year under the scientific program allowed under international whaling commission rules .
both suha and karima have clients that call them a couple times a week .
these will make it difficult for the more than million iraqis to unite behind any new vision for the country .
the doctor had diagnosed irritable bowel syndrome when barbara s daughter was .
the ap s jerry bodlander is covering on capitol hill
the eight hour negotiations which took place on saturday from p . m . failed to free three south korean executives of daewoo engineering and construction co . , according to the foreign ministry .
there are tens of thousands of turkish troops near the border area .
you have to make a record that is representative of who the artist is . we tried to keep that in mind from the beginning of the process , he says .
she just turns on her video baby monitor .
this year s creation was a rather unflattering depiction of the self declared hockey mom , a machine gun brandished in her muscular arms , bright red lipstick surrounding a grimacing smile and a moose at her side .
bone fractures and bruises were the most common complaint , and there appeared to be no burn victims , fire officials said .
the sanctions , imposed last year , led to the freezing of some m of north korean funds .
the health system is overwhelmed . the people here don t have electricity , mohammed el halaby , program manager for humanitarian group world vision , said earlier this week .
the first appeal was submitted last friday after the district court turned down the prosecution s request to arrest paul yoo , head of the lone star advisors korea .
the investigation is the first for the powerful firm since the asian financial crisis in the late s .
same sex marriage supporters called in gay and didn t work , boycotted spending money , volunteered and demonstrated .
the south and north used halla san and paektu san as their respective call signs .
saddam deserves a death sentence times a day because he tried to assassinate me times , he said . the iraqi government last week confirmed that saddam hussein would go on trial on october .
johnson johnson had claimed the red cross illegally licensed its emblem to other companies , plunging the two organizations into a legal dispute .
venezuelan oil minister rafael ramirez told reporters friday evening that petrocaribe would establish a group to look at ways its members could pay for crude with products or services without becoming burdened with financial debt .
they told relief workers that the captain of the boat had perished .
under the plan , four star generals of both militaries will still head their respective commands , they said on condition of anonymity .
despite world opinion and opposition in the us congress , president roh moo hyun expressed his support for a white house plan to send more than , american troops to help stabilize iraq , his office said .
affordable homes wasn t a bad start , sorting out the nhs national health service is a good start , said labour lawmaker ian gibson , a frequent critic of blair and the government .
phillips was held hostage for days before navy seal sharpshooters killed captors and rescued him .
initial damage estimate from the typhoon was million .
i ll never forget waking up with the locals on the italian riviera in the off season .
expectations are high ahead of obama s inauguration , senior aide david axelrod tells abc s this week that the administration will focus on an economy that he says will take time to fix
but the physical resemblance quickly sinks in , even without the long beard his father favors .
the audience for the october show , which followed the vice presidential debate , was up percent from the comparable episode a year ago .
the newspaper also reported that auvinen had left postings on the myspace pages .
stone said he and his son met blissitt on friday morning to get more details about the hog .
doctors and students doing cpr maintain close to the ideal number of chest compressions while listening to the song .
prime minister kevin rudd announced plans to apologize after his victory in last year s general elections .
dell wants to extend this to europe .
the benchmark kospi closed up . points , or . percent , at , . points , recovering the , mark for the first time in one and a half months .
a loss does not mean abe will have to step down , as the coalition still retains a majority in the lower house .
tons of diesel oil
but tim evans , an analyst at citigroup global markets , said the storm shouldn t have a major impact on prices because while it may delay oil shipments , they will eventually get to their destinations .
the set themselves up by setting resolutions they really don t think they re going to keep , he said .
but prime minister yasuo fukuda is not listening to our voices .
a series of meetings on the topic have been facilitated at different times by illinois sen . dick durbin , former senate minority leader tom daschle and iowa sen . tom harkin .
cashman , trader of ubs securities , says until the credit markets open up , expect more of the same .
i never thought i would win a stage in the tour de france , said soler .
these companies can t go into the credit market and buy all the money they need to keep their operations going .
emphasizing the new american realism in foreign policy , the secretary named trade as one of the pillars and urged congressional approval of pending free trade agreements with south korea and latin american nations .
hilton turned herself in at the men s central jail in downtown los angeles just after p . m . , then was escorted to the all women s facility in lynwood , where she was booked , fingerprinted and issued a jail uniform , whitmore said .
the shrine marks the burial spot of hussein bin ali , the grandson of the prophet mohammed , who was killed in battle nearby in .
greater manchester police said in a statement . at about . am police were called to the a wilmslow road near to manchester airport following reports of a road traffic collision .
the newly installed iraqi interim government will bring saddam hussein to trial thursday to face war crimes charges likely to include the chemical weapons massacre of kurds and the invasion of kuwait .
in contrast , sevilla have lost seven of their primera liga matches and already find themselves points adrift of real madrid .
dale said the agency would act immediately on reports of alcohol use , conduct an internal safety review and then recommend corrective actions .
it has also warned pyongyang not to continue developing such weapons .
from los angeles to athens , city authorities have tried to enact measures to limit exhaust emissions .
the brazilian government foundation , known as funai , said thursday the indians were sighted in an ethno environmental protected area along the envira river in flights over remote acre state .
more than , spanish troops are serving in the united nations interim force in lebanon , spain s defense ministry said .
ali shah paktiawal , a kabul police official , said the death toll was at least .
us president george w bush is expected to push for nato s eastern expansion during a key summit in romania .
the taliban group reportedly also demanded money in exchange for photos of the hostages , the representative was quoted as saying by yonhap news .
huo s daughter in law had been looking for their missing pets and stumbled into the trucks , one of which sped away .
it can change lives to change school start times .
no doubt there ve always been stinkers from the start of time , says honore ervin , co author of the etiquette grrls
he fell down on the rear windshield , which gave me enough time to grab my gun .
the fire is burning across the intracoastal waterway from myrtle beach itself .
watch the mad dash for the iphone raquo
almost as many of clinton s west virginia supporters would vote for mccain as would for obama , the polls show .
pakistan and india , its neighbor and nuclear rival , have carried out missile tests in the past and they have become routine .
but portsmouth , despite missing several key players through injury , shook the milan defense with crosses aimed at the giant peter crouch , who went close three times with a header and two acrobatic shots .
the riots were so intense that fire engines could not reach the burning gas stations , fars reported , adding that the security forces and the basij militia were trying to get the situation under control until a . m . wednesday .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn high technology services across large tracts of asia , the middle east and north africa were crippled thursday following a widespread internet failure which brought many businesses to a standstill and left others struggling to cope .
neindorf said he plans to sue the boy s parents .
i ve been prime minister of this country for just over years . . . i think that s long enough for me , but more especially , for the country .
for plane builder airbus and german airline lufthansa ag , the a s first flight to north america on monday is a chance to show off the superjumbo to potential u . s . buyers and to the airports they hope will be flight bases for the double decker jet .
and unless the wheels come off his wagon , he was likely to hold that lead , said david gergen , a former adviser to both republican and democratic candidates .
pakistan is a key ally of the u . s . in its war on terror and says it has about , troops in the northwest tribal areas to combat militancy and prevent infiltration into neighboring afghanistan .
to prevent possible speculation on apartments to be rebuilt in gangnam , the government will also ban builders from transforming five story apartments into high rise buildings and impose tighter building codes .
pakistani president pervez musharraf is accusing western leaders and media of politicizing the olympics by criticizing china s human rights record and its policy in tibet .
everyone has the right to die in dignity , anne mie descheemaeker of the flemish green party told reuters .
house speaker nancy pelosi also expressed support for a comfort women resolution that just passed a house committee , significantly raising the chances that it will pass the full house for the first time .
he said the group s commitment is a good incentive for others who have militias to announce their support to the baghdad security plan .
darwin came to worldwide attention after he walked into a police station in london on december and told police officers he was suffering from amnesia and had no memory of the past five years .
earlier in the day , joint chiefs chairman general richard myers told the panel the military fought many phantoms that day .
others expect to see him sitting in the first lady s box at the state of the union address .
it s the first time in a cnn poll the majority has held that belief regarding homosexuality .
at least children have been killed and others hurt in the partial collapse of a sports center in barcelona , spain .
a school bus filled with more than children who were returning from a summer field trip was among the vehicles on the bridge when it collapsed .
now when consumers buy a tree , they can be sure that the tree was grown with the best intentions for the environment in mind , sharp said .
it sued hangzhou zhongce in u . s . district court in newark on may , charging that its tests found that the tires may fail earlier than tests provided by hangzhou zhongce showed .
he said he would hold meetings bringing together the us and other major emitters , including developing nations , to set targets by the end of .
in texas and new mexico , raw large tomatoes including roma and red round tomatoes were found to be a common factor in the illnesses .
italian minister for health , livia turco has also backed the campaign .
hill also said in tokyo that the two sides discussed resuming six party talks , adding that they could take place in early july depending on a few factors . he did not elaborate .
neither was testimony from astronauts or even photographic evidence .
me personally , i m afraid , said one woman .
we embraced amendments that were consistent with the philosophy of this resolution . . . and those that would enhance its clarity and enhance its value , he said .
lekima , named after a vietnamese fruit , destroyed thousands of acres of rice crops in nghe an province , according to officials there .
never mind how spring temperatures tend to sizzle .
she formed the team with her husband and crew chief , manuel garra , last year . lebron you have to be like mike , hitting a pointer at the buzzer to give the cleveland cavaliers a playoff win over orlando .
she knew martin luther king jr . when he was just a boy and was close with his mother .
to test the theory , friederike range and colleagues at the university of vienna in austria asked trained dogs to extend a paw to a human .
chavez had refused to renew rctv s broadcast license , accusing it of subversive activities and of backing a coup against him .
bud evans , an elder at praise chapel community church , said relatives of some of the victims of the shooting were gathering at his church .
house minority leader john boehner , r ohio , told fellow congressmen on the floor of the house that their colleague died suddenly overnight .
they condemned the samarra bombing and called for unity .
after police stopped using the water cannons , the crowd regrouped , and video of the scene showed a peaceful mood , with people waving flags and chanting as night fell .
obama wrote about moving to illinois two decades ago as a young man eager to do my part in building a better america .
other respondents said korean translators were rude to visa applicants , refusing to pay enough attention to what the applicants want to express to interviewers .
responding to a question monday , smith said no meetings have been scheduled among executives at microsoft and internet pioneer yahoo .
with such a small passenger load we did consider whether we could cancel the flight and re accommodate the five remaining passengers on other flights , says american airlines european spokesperson anneliese morris .
i m asking this question of you because if you cast a blind eye to this illegal act , who guarantees to you that parts of your countries will not declare independence in the same way ?
japan launched a moon probe in , but that was a flyby mission .
friends and family have identified the six missing miners as luis hernandez , manuel sanchez , kerry allred , carlos payan , brandon phillips and don erickson .
the two men were doing relief work in the southern city of nasiriyah on monday when shooting erupted between italian forces and shiite militiamen .
the finance ministers were in shock , almost in panic this weekend , he said on cnn s american morning , in a reference to top economic officials who gathered in washington . there are riots all over the world in the poor countries . . . and , of course , our own poor are feeling it in the united states .
the head of cycling s world governing body opposes retesting further samples to check for the blood boosting drug found among four tour de france riders .
mirren , , saluted the queen in her acceptance speech for maintaining her dignity , her sense of duty and her hairstyle for more than years .
the korea times characterized kim s resignation as a strong remonstration against chun , who ordered him last wednesday to have the prosecution investigate dongguk university s prof .
but the oil ministry continues to negotiate short term no bid contracts with several u . s . and european oil companies , including exxon mobil corp . , royal dutch shell , total sa , chevron corp . , and bp a step recently criticized by two u . s . lawmakers .
the minimum import amount of rice will increase from some , tons to , tons in the next years .
at least a few internet users have , and that s all that matters .
meanwhile , christopher kept taking his eyes off the road to fine tune his sound system which notably was playing a version of pink floyd s comfortably numb from the soundtrack for the recent film the departed a song that also figured in a previous episode .
no one involved in the search holds out any hope that fossett is still alive , the petition said .
it would be clearly inappropriate for you to attend the olympic games in china , given the increasingly repressive nature of that country s government , the letter said .
the seoul bourse suffered its biggest daily loss thursday since april on a massive selling spree by both retail and foreign investors worried about the deepening subprime mortgage turmoil in the u . s .
with two weeks and one day until election day , a new national poll of likely voters suggests the race for the white house may be tightening up .
anti whaling countries such as britain and australia are staying away .
and billy elliott , the season s biggest musical hit , dominates the nominations for the best on broadway
the un s refugee agency , the unhcr , says it has been ordered to leave uzbekistan within one month .
an israeli airstrike killed two members of hamas military wing early wednesday , palestinian security sources said , as israel kept up pressure on palestinian militants in the west bank and gaza .
in september in a wooded area near the missouri river in nearby sugar creek and were identified using dental records .
the stories have painted bu students with a broad and negative brush and are both inaccurate and extremely unfair to the thousands of responsible , mature bloomsburg students who are an asset to the school and this community , bevan wrote .
negotiating teams for kenya s government and opposition left the talks after only half a day monday .
the bill would ring fence around half of the money that bush has requested to fund the war in iraq .
however , officials in seoul stressed that there would be no military operation without prior discussion between the korean and afghan governments .
it didn t take much for government investigators to get bogus passports
islamabad , pakistan cnn the pakistan people s party , which swept the parliamentary elections last week on sunday called for an end to military operations in the southwestern pakistani province where intelligence officials believe taliban leaders may be holed up .
expecting the resurgent taliban to stage a spring offensive , the u . s . military is moving a brigade of troops into afghanistan , instead of iraq , pentagon officials said wednesday .
mcdonald s will be scouring its friers for leftover oil and recycling it into biodiesel to power its fleet of british delivery vehicles , the american fast food chain said monday .
johannesburg , south africa cnn the fifth in a series of international concerts that nelson mandela has used to raise awareness about aids will be held december in johannesburg .
while the t shirt idea is her latest promotion , she also posted her resume on her car window and sent postcards to potential employers
asked what kind of progress the us is hoping for , gates said he does not know what s possible .
the shorter sentence reflects an expectation that hilton behaves behind bars .
in his speech , bush said the united states must stand with those struggling to gain their freedom .
kinney moved to valencia , california , about a year ago as her company in dayton , ohio , downsized .
the operators of the internet sites posted advertisements on some of japan s adult only web sites and gathered customers under a secret membership program that targeted japanese business travelers who frequently visit korea or are on an extended stay here , according to a police officer .
since june , gaza has been living under tough economic sanctions put in place by israel and the international community , prompting an increasingly dire humanitarian situation in the coastal region of . million people .
an apartment fire has killed five people , including children , in manhattan .
roh violates election law again
one house was destroyed and part of a neighboring property was damaged , said the london fire brigade , which sent eight fire engines and firefighters to battle the blaze .
the airman from the u . s . air force st fighter wing based in osan , some kilometers south of seoul , was booked on suspicion of assault and handed over to the u . s . military authorities .
under glass in another room is a book listing victims of stalin s terror .
defectors from north korea describe the country as an orwellian place built on three pillars
with three days to go until the polls , the labor leader remains well ahead of his liberal rival in opinion polls .
the negative response comes in light of series of strikes at posco , hyundai motor and other leading conglomerates .
the korea times reports that kim , once extradited , will face questioning on the allegations of business malfeasance , in the bbk financial fraud case . the united new democratic party undp called the gnp deceptive , saying the major opposition party tried to prevent kim from returning to seoul while openly saying lee has no connection with the bbk case .
tibetan activists have also used china s hosting of the olympics to publicize what they regard as china s occupation of their territory .
it was the second time for an asian actress to win the award at the festival .
the ap s jason strasuso reports from kabul
the isolated regime s bellicose rhetoric reached a new pitch in the past week , when north korea escalated its nuclear standoff with washington , warning of a third world war , a sea of fire and a holy war against the united states .
there are kilometers miles of the wall within the municipal limits of china s capital .
cargo flights would be allowed for the first time , with crossing the strait each month .
the final is on september th in shanghai .
also friday , the u . s . military said insurgents were killed in an airstrike on a village near baquba , but iraqi authorities said civilians , including women and children , were among those killed .
i m still numb , he said at a news conference in atlanta . watch lottery official s advice on what winners should do first
giant japanese chipmaker fujitsu ltd .
pope benedict xvi called for peace in the middle east and an end to the exploitation of children in the homily he delivered early thursday during the annual christmas eve midnight mass in st . peter s basilica .
with the natural opening surgery , the theoretical hope is that they really can go back to work the next day , said dr . david rattner of massachusetts general hospital .
personally , i have no fear of the people , president evo morales told reporters in a signing ceremony at the presidential palace in la paz . the people should say the truth about their authorities . this is another way for the people to judge their elected officials .
twice mvp steve nash of the phoenix suns , nowitzki s good friend and former team mate , finished second in the voting with , points first place votes .
the lady whose husband was out all night fishing beckons me to her fish filled wheelbarrow .
at issue is hemorrhagic stroke , which causes bleeding into the brain or into tissue surrounding the brain .
the bank of korea yesterday slashed its growth forecast for the second half citing persistent household debt and lofty oil prices which slammed the consumer confidence index to an eight month low .
it s now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be and that is a united party , huckabee told a crowd in dallas .
an online commentator who said next year s beijing olympics would force ordinary chinese to live like pigs and dogs has been detained for nearly a week on a charge of subversion , his wife said wednesday .
away from the politics , sarkozy s wife was attracting as much , if not more , attention than her husband during the two day visit .
there are a lot of misconceptions about me .
baines apparently prefers using the older term for her race .
habanos is the arm of the cuban state tobacco monopoly , cubatabaco , which controls the promotion , distribution , and exportation of cuban cigars and other tobacco products worldwide .
capitalizing on asian affinity for fancy stationery , the function has options to personalize stamps and backgrounds to resemble different types of notebook paper .
the film s claims , however , have raised the ire of christian leaders in the holy land .
the writers group unveiled his bloom county strip in
they were made of compressed gas lines that are typically used in laboratory work , according to a news release .
it was initially p . m . to a . m .
eleven iraqis were killed after u . s . forces came under attack by gunfire , and a suicide bomber during a raid in mosul .
authorities base their arrests , in some cases , on suspects history of military physical exams .
hu arrived in namibia from zambia , where he inaugurated an economic cooperation zone designed to draw million in mining investment and create , jobs in the copperbelt province .
high intensity exercise includes running or jogging at mph , while low intensity activities include walking at a pace of about mph .
the adult male s body was found in a makeshift wood and cardboard shelter in northern los angeles near the forest , officials said at an afternoon news conference .
two villagers also were reported missing monday when their house was swept away by raging river currents in the northern mountain province of apayao , officials said .
at the time of the announcement , the group said it accepted an invitation from north korea s ministry of culture only after discussing it with the u . s . state department .
a judge has dismissed a civil lawsuit brought by ex cia agent valerie plame against vice president dick cheney and other bush administration officials .
neither hamas nor israel has shown any interest in international calls for a truce .
and brother , jack seale were feared even among other klansmen because of their reputation for violence .
about drivers were taking part in the strike .
it , was , however , on the ground below .
several are considered top contenders , including former treasury chiefs lawrence summers , robert rubin , and investor warren buffett .
why in the height of my career ?
this gives you a chance to look down at the alps and over at the summit of mont blanc from that lofty lookout .
about , monks marched through mandalay , and several hundred more in rangoon , the former capital .
padilla s mother , estela lebron , told cnn her son will appeal the verdict .
earlier sunday , two suicide car bombers attacked a police station sunday in western baghdad , killing at least people and wounding , police said .
sen . hillary clinton s spokesman called on illinois sen . barack obama to renounce comments made by hollywood executive david geffen that were sharply critical of the new york democrat and her husband , former president bill clinton .
after months of speculation , the elusive gizmo referred to as it or ginger has been unveiled to the public .
several studies have shown that women s medical problems are more likely to be interpreted as emotional issues or complaining .
environmental rejuvenation would take at least years of continuous restoration efforts .
the year old actor , whose films include the talented mr . ripley , alfie , cold mountain , and closer , voluntarily went to a west london police station after the incident , his lawyer , graham shear , said .
thailand s military prime minister , general surayud chulanont has announced that general elections will be held in december .
some u . s . lawmakers have criticized al maliki s shiite led government for not reconciling with sunni groups , but bush has stood by the iraqi leader and fended off calls for his resignation .
the wreckage was found in the immediate area of the search focus , cypher said .
here s ap white house correspondent mark smith
the korea times reports he also clarified his opposition to a possible change in the current north korean government so that it can continue pursuing a market opening in a stable manner , according to presidential spokesman kim man soo .
mumps can be painful and sometimes dangerous .
barack obama has cnn projected wins in his home state of illinois , georgia , delaware and alabama .
but they also need to convince them that u . s . forces aren t leaving anytime soon .
the hamandiya investigation has been examining claims a man was deliberately killed on april in the town in central iraq .
the french open champion , competing in his th straight clay court final , was made to work hard by the swiss world number and had to come back from down in the second set to take victory in just over two hours .
the biggest taliban offensive of the year and marks a change in tactics . until now , militants have relied largely on suicide and roadside bombings this year as nato forces have escalated their operations to root them out .
there were some boats in the area and waves destroyed them , orlando adriazola said .
bob graham of florida , appearing with kerry at a town hall meeting , said americans can expect more antagonism from foreigners if bush is re elected .
many green sea turtles or honu that gather off maui s shores eventually make their way to maluaka beach , also known as turtle town .
they will be paid during the time off through a combination of state unemployment benefits and chrysler contributions , but they will not receive the full amount of their working pay , a chrysler spokesman said .
some might say the same about pizzuti .
the move came a day after sen . barack obama swept three democratic contests , giving him considerable momentum heading into sunday s maine caucuses and three primaries tuesday .
we re already discussing how we might . . . honor the trapped miners and make this a site for perpetuity , said bob murray , co owner of the crandall canyon mine outside of huntington .
chavez said saturday that the colombian government had violated ecuador s sovereignty and added that , had the operation been conducted on venezuelan soil , he would have declared war against colombia .
this is just a huge visual addition to the history of helen and annie .
most venezuelan news media are in private hands , including many newspapers and radio stations that remain critical of chavez .
security forces have tightened measures to guard bus terminals in the south , fielding plainclothes police officers on board about commuter buses on mindanao and setting up more checkpoints to restrict movements of potential bombers .
the end result was this was a genuine ufo and the file was simply closed , he wrote .
he argues , for example , that people used to do much better in picking anglicized names for themselves , which hong kong chinese have long done .
but wells fargo , a few days later , said it wanted to purchase wachovia instead .
harry redknapp had been first choice for newcastle owner mike ashley and chairman chris mort but he last week opted to stay at portsmouth .
it was brown s first visit since being confirmed as the successor to blair , whose popularity at home was undermined by his steadfast support for the war .
but some believe the phone may struggle to compete with the iphone in particular .
also , nichols said , it is debatable whether every item simpson took from the hotel room belongs to him .
the integrity and sovereignty of the country will be protected at all cost and no outside interference will be allowed , aziz said .
she sometimes refers to obama as that young man .
starbucks said in statement e mailed wednesday by spokeswoman bridget baker that the test is not indicative of any new business strategy .
nsf s national nanotechnology initiative , which leads the u . s . government s efforts in the field , has been researching nanotechnology s potential environmental benefits .
floor leaders of the ruling uri party and the main opposition grand national party gnp monday agreed to normalize parliamentary sessions on wednesday , the korea times quoted officials at both parties as saying monday .
the fbi and joint terrorism task force began an investigation immediately , christie said .
a leading government official was quoted anonymously as saying japan might reconsider its stand .
but the u . n . security council has demanded that tehran halt its production of enriched uranium , which can be used to fuel nuclear power plants or , in much higher concentrations , to produce a nuclear explosion .
in , johnson set his sights on the presidency but lost the democratic nomination to kennedy .
insider s tip northbound whales , which migrate now , swim closer to shore than southbound winter travelers .
apparently , hours later , she and her husband were woken by a big bang
japanese scientists and origami masters hope to launch a paper airplane from space and learn from its journey back to earth .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has vowed to stay on , a day after he hinted he may quit if japan s mission in afghanistan was not extended .
canadian prime minister stephen harper announced a new million reconstruction aid package for afghanistan on monday heeding calls to focus on aid as well as security .
right at midnight , the ball drops and then we drop two tons of confetti .
one reason the race appears to be tight is that texas democrats are having a hard time choosing between two attractive options , says cnn polling director keating holland .
four women are currently on death row . two of the women have their young children , ages and , with them on death row , amnesty says .
yadav developed the device with colleagues mark allen and david stern of cardiomems , the atlanta , georgia based company he co founded .
secluded on a acre island in biscayne bay , the grove isle hotel spa provides a relaxing escape from the big city nearby .
about percent of the more than , participants said it was very likely , somewhat likely or somewhat unlikely that hiv could be transmitted by sharing a glass .
in tokyo , the future is a long standing tradition .
the charges include two counts of first degree kidnapping with use of a deadly weapon two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon and two counts of assault with a deadly weapon .
someone at the restaurant , whether it be employees or another person , got a hold of his cell phone and found that his wife tina had sent him racy , naked photos of herself , whoever saw these photos then sent tina a series of text messages and then took the photos of ms .
napolitano is set to begin consultations thursday with italian political leaders , after which he will decide whether to call for new elections or give the mandate to a new prime minister or to prodi himself .
the empire strikes back and the new film , star wars
the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside baku that netted several suspected members of the radical group , two u . s . officials who asked not to be identified and a spokesman for azerbaijan s national security ministry told cnn .
after hitting land , the howler veered toward the country s mountainous northern provinces , where authorities , fearing landslides , evacuated hundreds of people , officials said .
then , just before the final whistle , hideo hashimoto pulled another goal back for the plucky japanese side .
in january , as the united states announced plans to increase its contingent in iraq by more than , , beckett said london would not be following suit .
the government s efforts to listen to and understand public opinions have been insufficient , he said . i feel it is deeply regrettable .
and gm is expected to announce as early as monday further moves to comply with government restructuring demands .
it would mean between and million jobs .
one man s collection of rare american cents has turned into a . million auction windfall .
washington cnn six men being held at guantanamo bay , cuba , will go before military commissions and could face the death penalty if it is judged they were involved in the september , , attacks , a general said monday .
his brief includes palestinian governance , economics and security rather than the wider conflict between israel and palestinians at least initially .
many people in hong kong have been demanding the right to democratically elect a successor to their chief executive , tung chee hwa , a former shipping tycoon chosen for his position by an member committee that tends to side with beijing .
specifically , he wants guarantees in the constitution that the country won t be split into sunni , shiite and kurdish federal states that he says will disadvantage sunnis .
the writers want more money from the sale of dvds and a share of revenue generated by the sale of tv shows and films over the internet .
a statement on the government s web site said china s cabinet had approved a plan to invest trillion yuan billion in infrastructure and social welfare by the end of .
we don t know just what s wrong with the founder and ceo , but analyst shelley palmer does know he s key to the company s success
the newspaper cited joel wit , a former u . s . state department official who coordinated the agreed framework in , and david albright , president and founder of the institute for science and international security .
the party led israeli governments for the first three decades of its existence , from .
screening of north korean defectors will be intensified .
obama is the front runner for the democratic nomination .
it s the first time in four years the thirty stock index has been in four figures .
adding to concerns about the widening rift between the haves and have nots , those in the bracket of the least earning percent are financing their expenses by stripping their assets and taking out loans .
investors are taking some comfort from the government deciding to provide billion to the part of general motors that finances new cars .
these peoples remain healthy in body and spirit despite the passage of time .
but taking into account the poll s sampling error of plus or minus percentage points for democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie .
the government of yemen asked nato to assist in the search for survivors and the closet ship , the hmcs toronto , is heading toward the island .
the government also reports wholesale prices fell another . in december , closing out a year that saw the biggest price drop in years , most of that because of plunging energy prices .
however , it is possible that kyle could delay its turn for by about six hours , which would bring the center and some of the stronger winds closer to cape cod and the eastern portions of new england .
although researchers have suspected the existence of wound up bundles of magnetic fields that provide energy for the auroras , the phenomenon was not confirmed until may , when the satellites became the first to map their structure some , miles above the earth s surface .
last month didier drogba found himself in hot water for throwing a coin back into burnley fans who had lobbed it at him during chelsea s carling cup defeat to burnley at stamford bridge .
the show that just earned him another golden globe nomination for best actor in a tv drama .
however , investigators are still trying to ascertain whether the plane had been cleared for takeoff on the longer runway .
officer jiang xiaojuan , , the mother of a month old boy , responded to the call of duty and the instincts of motherhood after the magnitude . quake struck on may . i am breast feeding , so i can feed babies .
a separate anti spam bill , authored by democratic senator ron wyden of oregon and republican senator conrad burns of montana , was unanimously approved thursday by the commerce committee .
cnn a coldblooded killer and a coldblooded tycoon led the oscar nominations tuesday , with a lawyer suffering from an ethical crisis also earning a strong showing .
saakashvili was swept to power on a promise to tackle corruption in the former soviet satellite state .
the move greatly expands citigroup s retail outlets and secures its place among the big three of american banking .
an official said the treasury was ready to begin taking steps to settle the dispute over banco delta asia .
which paint a breathtaking backdrop across the wilderness and attract thousands of tourists annually .
the ak party has seats in the seat chamber .
along with the korean people , the government strongly protests the taliban s act of brutality in killing an innocent civilian .
the communist government wants to maintain fast growth to ease poverty but worries that a runaway expansion or overspending on real estate and other assets could ignite a financial crisis .
at the same time , import growth has been slowed by government efforts to contain a boom in construction and investment that it worries could cause financial problems . china has reported its four highest monthly trade surpluses in the past nine months .
investigations of their acquaintances , friends , and family and checks on whether their assets are in line with their earnings .
the group expects growth to stall or rise by just two percent globally for all of .
this sentence is not a cause for despair , she told ntuyahaga , who remained silent .
the free trade deal may be in , but that doesn t mean it s done , especially given the initial reaction of some influential american legislators and industry figures to the agriculture and automobile provisions of the hard won pact that was announced monday between the united states and south korea .
in a preview of the political onslaught michelle obama may face in the fall , the tennessee republican party unveiled a new web video thursday that highlights her controversial comment earlier this year saying she was proud of america for the first time in my adult life .
the regulation seeks to ensure that an asylum seeker is not redirected from nation to nation simply because none will take responsibility .
however , russia which is not a nato member has expressed concerns about the former soviet republics joining nato , which has already made members of other former soviet countries latvia , lithuania , and estonia .
banco delta asia bda , a macanese bank , had frozen the funds after it was accused by the treasury in september of laundering money for pyongyang and abetting the communist regime s illicit financial activities .
a university official also said that cho scribed writings so disturbing they were sent to administrators , a university official said tuesday .
i believe i have a responsibility to the voters of our state to make sure that they can exercise that right in a timely fashion .
jeffs , president of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is charged with two counts of rape as an accomplice .
but on the moon , the rippling went unchecked , making it look as if it were being carried by the wind .
the government will not comply with calls from the national assembly for reports on administrative affairs if they are related to confidential secrets that may affect national security , prime minister lee hae chan said thursday .
but a group called stop the madrassa insists there s a more sinister agenda and is demanding the academy be closed .
coming to america , airing july .
what is a result of a minister s trip ?
video from the scene showed residents in some areas hacking their way through downed trees and trudging through knee deep , swirling brown water .
the firefighters and first responders who helped rescue thousands that day in and later recovered the dead were to read the victims names for the first time .
for skyline views , head to top of the rock , the observation deck crowning the ge building at rockefeller center .
in , scientists at the university of alabama at birmingham traced the origins of hiv back to a subspecies of chimpanzee .
fiji s military rulers have reimposed a state of emergency , three months after the previous one was lifted .
on monday , he was scouting a course for an attempt to break the land speed record , said maj . cynthia s . ryan , a civil air patrol spokeswoman .
the researchers did engineering tests that show how those slight changes allow women to carry the additional and growing load without toppling over and typically without disabling back pain .
prosecutor peter maguire said bonsall has been compliant with sobriety monitoring .
a navy public affairs officer in washington said nowak has been assigned to the staff of the chief of naval air training in corpus christi , texas . she is on leave , scheduled to report march .
we don t have an estimated time of containment , but really what we re doing is looking ahead through the rest of today and tomorrow , in anticipation of the santa ana winds .
in her cnn interview , she also addressed media reports that musharraf may have her deported .
no reason was given for the delay in delivery of communist china s portion of initial aid .
i accepted and wanted to support them , however , on reflection i believe my attendance could divert attention from the purpose of the occasion which is to focus on the life and service of diana .
another biotechnology company , trans ova genetics of hull , iowa , then implanted the cloned eggs into cows in sioux center , iowa .
business generated by its hour number equals that of full service branches .
the attorney , abdulrahman al lahim , had his license revoked last week by a judge for speaking to the saudi controlled media about the case , al lahim told cnn .
griffin was to be buried not far away , in westwood village memorial park cemetery , where marilyn monroe , dean martin , natalie wood and other hollywood notables are interred .
researchers at massachusetts general hospital prescribed clonidine , a hypertension drug , for children with a certain attention deficit disorder .
looking for gifts and comparing prices online , then dashing off to the mall to make the deal .
brothels during the war , apparently backtracking a apology .
the september attack on a school in beslan , in the north caucasus , led to at least deaths .
a date for the resumption of talks has been long awaited after they stalled a year ago when north korea walked out in protest at us financial sanctions .
julie gerberding warned that the global epidemic continues to expand .
the giant dipper . constructed in in days , this wooden beauty of a roller coaster is the signature ride of santa cruz .
sohn , formerly a member of the conservative grand national party gnp and a strong backer of the korus fta , became the leader of the undp early this year , despite the opposition and desertions of pro president roh moo hyun members of the party .
russian president vladimir putin on thursday called on the united states to set a date for withdrawal from iraq , saying the u . s . military campaign had become a pointless battle against the iraqi people .
it was followed by a number of aftershocks .
the blue house says it is seeking to establish an international consortium of academics to advance the stem cell research of korea s leading geneticists , led by seoul national university professor hwang woo suk .
europe s ftseurofirst index was up . percent , rebounding from a nearly percent sell off during the last two sessions .
heavy rain and strong wind at the crash site frustrated search teams .
none of several foreigners seized in gaza in recent years has been harmed .
the prisoner release was promised by olmert to abbas in late june during a mideast summit in egypt .
i m innocent .
call it a farewell visit to a country that has occupied white house policy for much of his two terms in office .
over people have died climbing the matterhorn since , and swiss tourism authorities say deaths now average about annually .
kulju used his hands to tear off the earlobe , which fell to the ground and broke into pieces measuring to inches each , easter island police chief cristian gonzalez told the associated press in a telephone interview .
but clinton has a edge among superdelegates , which leaves her leading the democratic race , , , according to cnn s calculations .
studies show that walking several times a week can lower the risk of many diseases .
al s ex wife would have hired a private detective , figuring he was about to have an affair , he jokes .
in japan , the nikkei closed the day up one percent .
i ll find someone who will .
the head of the portuguese episcopal conference , bishop jorge ortiga , said in a communique the catholic church would maintain its opposition to abortion rights , saying life can not be put to the vote .
a final decision is expected by july .
she has said two major characters will die in the final book , which is being released under tight security .
he has seen his authority erode amid a number of high profile corruption scandals in his government .
alongside the couple , archaeologists found flint tools , including arrowheads and a knife , menotti said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
or the black pearl surfing through the sand on the back of a million crustaceans .
four soldiers were also wounded in the attack and evacuated to a coalition forces hospital , multi national corps iraq said .
fossett is the first person to solo around the world in a balloon , and has broken numerous other flight records .
participants had to show their unemployment card or a letter from a previous employer to compete in these olympics .
holder was confirmed as the first african american attorney general by better than a to margin , the vote to .
prime minister francois fillon is spearheading the conservatives campaign and met senior figures in the ruling ump party on monday to discuss strategy .
his main rival , center leftist candidate miguel vargas , took roughly percent of the vote and said he accepted the results shortly after fernandez declared victory .
wen also promised to improve china s dismal industrial safety record .
stepping in , white house deputy press secretary dana perino said there was no tension in the meeting and that everyone is trying to make a little bit too much of it .
honda and toyota are the mass market pioneers of petrol electric hybrids , and although their offerings might be constructed at a loss it is worth it in terms of marketing and a perception of being at the vanguard of planet saving technologies .
world no . roger federer lost consecutive matches for the first time for more than four years when he crashed to fernando gonzalez of chile on monday at the masters cup .
indeed , the movie version of the fifth potter book , harry potter and the order of the phoenix , came out july
auditors were unable to determine whether the weapons which included heavy machine guns and rocket propelled grenade launchers were stolen , being used by insurgents or still in the hands of iraqi units .
no club hopping , no tales of drug or alcohol abuse .
bush intends to visit sochi after a stop in croatia on april , hadley said .
the president is headed for ohio and an appearance designed to show off the impact of the stimulus package .
it was a cruel sight . . . pregnant cats and kittens were packed into the boxes , huo told reuters .
by that time , knut was a three month old white furball , with button eyes and his own fan club .
scientists could better gauge the risk of contracting mad cow and creutzfeldt jakob if they knew what caused them .
for god to please send me an angel .
zermatt and the matterhorn are must see destinations .
emergency workers rescued more than injured people across chittagong .
the detainee was indicted by a federal grand jury in new york for the bombings of us embassies in africa that killed people .
it would be a huge mistake if we become a protectionist nation .
talk of spears physique comes amid an increasingly critical focus on overly skinny actresses in hollywood .
nike declined to discuss its olympics marketing plan but says the olympics is less about advertising than about supporting the athlete .
relief was in sight with cooler temperatures forecast over the next several days .
president gloria arroyo s office said the decision was reached after estrada agreed not to pursue political office .
blake beat australian open champion thomas johansson while roddick , playing his first match since his five set quarterfinal loss to frenchman richard gasquet at wimbledon , passed wildcard alex kuznetsov .
guantanamo bay naval base , cuba ap a military judge on monday dismissed terrorism related charges against a prisoner charged with killing an american soldier in afghanistan .
and new yorkers are stepping onto the brand new r model subway car , built by the american car foundry factory in berwick , pennsylvania .
cristiano ronaldo increased his goal tally this season to in all competitions as his double against portsmouth saw manchester united return to the top of the premier league on goal difference from arsenal with a victory .
also , last friday , gunmen in speedboats kidnapped six workers from an oil vessel off nigeria s coast , the second attack on an oilfield in a week .
the eu imposed sanctions on cuba in after authorities there detained dissidents accused of working with the united states to undermine fidel castro s government . cuban authorities then released for medical reasons , and in the eu lifted its sanctions , which included a ban on high level talks with cuban officials .
seven of her babies born in texas survived
the initial positive test findings from a laboratory in nigeria were confirmed by the who collaborating centre for reference and research on influenza in london , the who said in a statement .
the white house also condemned the blasts .
the us will likely be keen for seoul to keep the troops in place .
israel has openly blamed him for terror attacks across their country .
many set up make shift fortresses of tires and barbed wires on city streets and tried to ward off an advancing army of policemen in riot gear .
george jones has seen a lot during his career as a country music star , but he says when it comes to the kennedy center honor
cape canaveral , florida ap sometime in , the world s leading space exploring nation will say goodbye to manned space flight for more than four years .
all four soldiers belong to the nd brigade of the elite st airborne division .
earlier they were flown out of the colombian jungle by helicopter , in an operation overseen by the international committee of the red cross icrc .
a . m . et and was centered km miles east southeast of tocopilla , a city of about , people .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id seattle cnn
the teacher said she did not want her experience to put people off visiting sudan where she said she had a fabulous time and which she described as an extremely beautiful place .
this lift is europe s highest and most spectacular .
abrams and distributor paramount used similarly clandestine tactics to sell the film , keeping the title under wraps until shortly before its release and offering trailers and online marketing to make movie goers ask one another , what in the world is this film ?
red cross officials quickly took the three to their vehicles before leaving for an undisclosed location .
the runway , he added , is the only safe area . so they come out .
in addition , the autonomous central bank would be placed under presidential control , and the maximum working day would be cut from eight hours to six hours .
baghdad , iraq cnn british troop numbers in iraq will be cut by , by the end of , uk prime minister gordon brown said tuesday , shortly after arriving in baghdad for talks with iraqi officials .
reuters identified the cameraman as fadel shana , , and said he was getting out of the vehicle when an explosion killed him and two bystanders .
however , the expense of setting up the high tech farms on pricey city land and providing enough year round heat and light could present some insurmountable obstacles .
but the house of representatives , which approved the bill by , was well short of the two thirds majority needed to override a veto .
the guided missile destroyer uss arleigh burke entered somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in mogadishu , u . s . officials said .
president george w . bush says the united states does not torture , but the administration will not disclose what interrogation methods it has approved for the cia .
how do you get rid of the body of a dead astronaut on a three year mission to mars and back ?
developer linden labs opened second life to the public in .
butler , who is british , was freed monday by chance during iraqi military operations that have been ongoing for weeks in the city , and later was handed over to the british military .
ireland is expected to hold a vote on the treaty , the only country planning to do so , because of the requirements of ireland s constitution .
when the government issued a billion note just three weeks ago , it bought loaves of bread .
the jury was deliberating sunday whether to extend that year period .
he designed his first treetent not for a campsite , but for a group of environmental activists in the uk who were hoping to frustrate a road building program through protected woodland .
one pyongyang resident who said his grandfather was executed by u . s . soldiers in the early stages of the korean war had little love for americans when he went abroad to study .
meunier lebouc did putt the final green , but it didn t matter by that time because sorenstam had missed her last gasp birdie putt of feet from the fringe .
half of the capacity of the bushehr nuclear power plant will be launched in the summer of the coming year , irna quoted mottaki as saying .
bangladesh s government raised fuel prices by up to percent tuesday , adding to the cost of living for bangladeshis , most of whom live on less than a day .
we are well aware that the mexican people are demanding police be honest , clean and trustworthy , garcia luna said . it s obvious that there are mafias that don t want the situation to change so they can continue to enrich themselves under the protection of corruption and crime .
with obama s wins in louisiana , nebraska , washington and the virgin islands on saturday , the illinois senator took the pledged delegate lead over rival sen . hillary clinton , according to cnn calculations as of sunday afternoon .
failing repatriation , the lawmakers request hicks be immediately put to trial before a properly constituted u . s . criminal court .
breast implants sell at , bimbo dollars and net the buyer , bimbo attitudes , making her more popular on the site .
workers found sheep eating plastic bags and artificial flowers from a nearby cemetery .
the guinness record book now lists only the tallest man in the world , but bell will be noted along with the tallest men in several other countries in the edition to be published next year .
the forecast reflects the judgment that the current stresses from the u . s . housing sector , high oil prices , a weak u . s . dollar and the recent financial turmoil will not overwhelm the global economy , lewis alexander , chief economist and head of economic and market analysis at citi , wrote in the report .
daily nk , a seoul based internet news site focusing on north korea , also carried a similar report on tuesday .
the task force will examine the possibility of increasing humanitarian aid to refugees in neighboring countries , and whether the state department should help iraqis who work for the united states in iraq and are under threat for their involvement with the united states , to emigrate .
company spokesman tom fitzgerald disputes the government s claim .
he said a more dynamic seoul washington alliance was necessary to promote peace and stability on the korean peninsula and to help improve the u . s .
the two staunch backers of hwang , science technology minister oh myung and park ky young , presidential advisor for science and technology , have come under fire for pouring taxpayers money into hwang s dubious research .
the findings show that sleep not only impacts how we feel , but it may also affect whether we develop heart disease or not .
the ability to allow someone to hold a job , to be trained for that , a meaningful job , not flipping hamburgers , but a meaningful job , therefore entitling them to the opportunity to raise a family and to achieve all those kinds of things that we talk about on a regular basis .
the count of homeless people in seoul rose .
i think that anybody who cares about greater peace and stability in the world knows that a lasting and enduring resolution of the israeli palestinian issue is essential , blair said .
this process is not going to move forward beyond this point without a verification protocol being agreed upon , mccormack told reporters .
electricity and hot water are solar generated , and winston is installing a hydroelectric generator to boost the site s power supply .
he became acting chief in july and chief in december .
they stabbed the infant in the neck , and tried to make the murder look like a botched robbery , prosecutors said .
the tape marks the first time bin laden speaks directly to the militants .
haven daley , the associated press , san francisco .
it was unclear whether his comments marked a change in u . s . policy .
closing of the agreement between mayfair and sapardis is subject to antitrust clearance , puma said .
i respect the jury s decision , silva told reporters outside the los angeles county superior court after the verdict was read .
days after wei s january death , a government official in tianmen city , wei s hometown , was fired , four others detained and more than placed under investigation .
broadcast pioneer paul harvey has died at
her latest period of house arrest began in may .
her body was removed from the hospital carried above a crowd of supporters late thursday night , and a pakistan air force plane is flying the body to sukkur , accompanied by her husband and three children , said pakistan people s party leader sen . safdar abbasi .
it was , oh , gosh , maybe a couple of hundred feet off the ground .
in exit polls , voters from both parties rated the economy their top issue and the war in iraq second but concerns about illegal immigration rated third among republicans , while democrats said health care was just behind iraq .
season of head case premiers tonight on starz .
south carolina is bringing forward its republican presidential primary poll , a move set to trigger further changes in the us electoral calendar .
four major wildfires in southeastern australia are still under control , despite hot temperatures and erratic winds that could create flare ups .
companies ranged from industry giants like northrop grumman to smaller ones like oxy , the south korean company that designed the oxygen mask .
baghdad , iraq cnn u . s . forces have freed iraqi citizens who were kidnapped , held by al qaeda in iraq for as long as four months and possibly tortured , a u . s . military spokesman said sunday .
michael david , who had been staying at an ellsworth motel , sold four milligram methadone pills for each last week , police chief john deleo said .
i ve not made any decision as yet regarding membership of the lpga .
his leadership and his policies are the change we need in the white house .
president roh moo hyun sent his chief of staff , lee byung wan , to the hospital to express his condolences to the family members and gave them a phone call in the afternoon , according to chong wa dae .
let s see what s going on on wall street by going live to the new york stock exchange and the ap s warren levinson
he apparently dislocated his shoulder .
condoleezza rice said reaching a two state solution was a priority for her and us president george bush .
the report says that a citizen of a wealthy nation can live up to years longer than someone in a poor country , and of the million women who will give birth this year , about million percent will receive no medical assistance during childbirth or the postpartum period .
the most probable cause , pending final analysis , is that the explosion came from a car bomb that was remotely detonated as the spanish vehicle went by , alonso told reporters in madrid , spain .
the race for the democratic party u . s . presidential nomination has taken a fresh turn after hillary clinton re ignited her white house bid with a decisive win over frontrunner barack obama in pennsylvania .
the number of u . s . military deaths in the war stands at , .
analysts say the new video format has a bright future as a replacement for vcrs and videotapes and as the successor to cd rom drives that have been spurring sales of home pcs .
obama has outspent his rival in pennsylvania , thanks in part to his hefty fundraising .
cnn australians have been warned don t get caught annoying the crowds when they gather here later this month to see the pope .
she drinks milk from her two mouths and opens and shuts all the four eyes at one time , ali said .
lebanese broadcasting corp . , citing internal security forces , reported nine people were killed and wounded in the attack .
the benchmark korea composite stock price index kospi gained . points , or . percent , to , . in the first minutes of trading .
royal barge processions have marked coronations , buddhist religious ceremonies and the king s birthday .
kia had also been looking at sites in the u . s . states of mississippi and tennessee all are in the southeastern united states , where labor unions are weak .
the four dead were caught in two landslides in kagoshima and miyazaki prefectures on kyushu island .
south carolina is bringing forward its republican presidential primary poll , a move set to trigger further changes in the us electoral calendar .
she is expected to return to south korea on april , where a heroine s welcome awaits her .
she will meet executives of her national league for democracy , along with a government minister , on friday .
iraqi foreign minister hoshiyar zebari told cnn the resolution has caused a great deal of confusion in baghdad .
they swung them by their legs and smashed them against a rock .
albany , new york cnn a postal worker is credited with saving a year old girl s life by catching her after the baby fell out of a second story window in albany , new york .
it could not have stopped what took place . they didn t come through that entrance , he said , referring to the entrance that had a metal detector .
an al arabiya anchor said tuesday , al arabiya received a tape that had a statement and a video showing a man who appears to be a british hostage . the video is signed by a group calling itself the shiite islamic resistance in iraq .
webb took second and creamer , who spent saturday night in the hospital because of an inflamed abdominal wall , finished tied for third with seon hwa lee after both shot s .
the first vehicle exported will be a based on chery s a compact sedan and sold under the dodge brand , lasorda said . he and yin said the companies would jointly develop future models , probably with chrysler styling on a chery platform .
lee seung hee , first term lawmaker of the minor opposition party , said she is determined to increase the transparency of political lobbying by businesses and civic groups , providing guidelines for their activities .
for one thing , there are hints that you need to be genetically susceptible .
even you in uniform are my brothers .
fitzwilliams said william was currently training to be a reconnaissance troop commander , but he doubted whether the prince would ever be in the front lines of battle .
the two were the lowest ranked players at the event .
he added , unfortunately there is a degree of , may i say , intellectual arrogance that i see in the west which thinks that these developing countries are some kind of people who do not know how to govern , they do not know anything .
encouraging responsibility is not a search for scapegoats , it is a call to conscience .
beijing has ruled out full democracy for the territory before .
customs officers at cairo s airport have detained a man bound for saudi arabia who was trying to smuggle live snakes on a plane , airport authorities said .
darling was accompanied by executives of british and european banks and a london private equity firm .
more than people are now feared dead in peru after last week s massive eight point zero earthquake rocked the region .
he is a professor at uc san diego .
seven labor unions went on strike late tuesday , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform pensions .
record oil prices are threatening korea s trade balance and the effects of government spending plans to stimulate the economy , government agencies and analysts said yesterday .
what we have seen are experiments that have to do with the separation of plutonium and making uranium .
in the western port city of sittwe , nearly , monks demanded the release of four monks arrested on tuesday .
yolanda king , the rev . martin luther king jr . s eldest child who pursued her father s dream of racial harmony through drama and motivational speaking , collapsed and died .
but afghan officials declined to confirm if they have received an amended list from the taliban , he said .
the allegations are particularly sensitive because mosley is the son of the late oswald mosley , leader of britain s fascist movement before world war ii and a friend of adolf hitler .
she argued that the prolonged campaign is good for the party , and offers democrats a chance to make a clear distinction about their differences with republicans on a range of issues .
north korea on sunday criticized japan for pressuring the north to suspend the ship s operations .
u . s . military spokesman maj . gen . kevin bergner offered few details about how the parliament member was picked up .
a prototype passed a durability test in a wind tunnel this month and japan s space agency adopted it wednesday for feasibility studies .
wu , known as a tough negotiator , said that both countries should firmly oppose trade protectionism . she warned that any effort to politicize the economic relationship between the two nations would be absolutely unacceptable .
the meeting comes at a time of talks over disarmament , with north korean negotiators set to respond tuesday to the latest road map . last year , the north tested a nuclear bomb , rattling regional stability and leading to a dramatic turnaround in a previously hard line u . s . policy .
in europe , where major markets were closed since thursday , stocks advanced strongly .
, private kim hyun jong posted an article about his homosexuality on the online riot police community web site .
the elite jihadi media group presents the first batch of al sahab videos to be downloaded to cell phones , the announcement said .
marine cpl . cesar armando laurean , charged with first degree murder of year old cpl . maria lauterbach , remains at large .
the most visible damage was to the left wing , which was covered in mangled metal where it meets the fuselage .
he said fear may have provoked psychosomatic ailments .
the bbc said the two asian governments would pay around pence for each barclays share , . percent above friday s closing price of . pence .
i would encourage people to not make resolutions if you don t think you re going to keep them , because what that does is it sets you up for failure in the future .
beckham currently has caps and needs one more to equal the outfield record held by bobby moore who held aloft the jules rimet trophy in .
u . s . commerce secretary ron brown , who is leading a delegation of american businessmen , says the region is now ready for foreign investment .
sheik mohammed haj of the palestinian scholars association , a mediator who met with the militant group s leaders in recent days , said fatah islam has declared a cease fire and will comply with the lebanese army s decision to end military operations .
that was still up . from friday s record close of . a barrel .
kevin kellems said an ongoing scandal surrounding his boss made it difficult for him to remain effective in his role at the washington based institution .
trying to take co out of natural air just wouldn t be worth it .
in a speech at the university of tokyo , former president kim dae jung of south korea said yesterday that threatening to take a tough approach in an effort to bring north korea back to stalled nuclear negotiations will not work .
citigroup and regulators reached agreement early today on a rescue plan for the banking behemoth
the , visitors expected to travel here pumping an anticipated million into the local economy are being urged to stretch their trip to take in some sights .
we have to take care and not make it overtly political , said carlos vaso , a musician and composer . it should reflect spanish patriotic values and should include everyone , leaving aside political ideologies .
with backing from the olympic council of asia , senior korean sports officials from pyongyang and seoul agreed yesterday , in principle , to field a unified team for the asian games in doha , qatar .
gold and his brother , a psychologist , started presenting their observations at medical schools in .
the f s were on a nighttime training mission over the brownwood military operating area on january , near stephenville , texas , the statement said . a military operating area is airspace designated for military training , according to air force officials .
but it probably will take a more efficient and cooperative effort .
he was born in in chungjin of northern hamkyung province , at the northeastern part of the korean peninsula , currently a part of north korea .
we re gonna have the best looking house in town , russ .
in corona , we had residences that were damaged and destroyed , and in brea , um , we had a single structure at brea high school .
so when you make a reported million per movie , how do you make the call that someone is boyfriend material ? i trust my judgment , she says .
on thursday , xinhua quoted police as saying officers opened fire and wounded four rioters out of self defense on sunday in what it called tibetan inhabited aba county in southwestern sichuan province .
media have reported the deal is worth between nine and million euros . million .
but for now it has focused on pumping out progovernment information .
perry is keeping just a few things her dog , her cat , photo albums and some clothing .
it s likely to happen , a second source close to the transition said of gates staying on .
it s a very brutal scenario , but that s what it is .
he said he has sent senior advisers and other top u . n . officials to head to algiers to assist in the investigation and rescue effort .
for a beer a popular local brand is victoria bitter count on spending at least . . opera house tours run about .
and three u . s . soldiers were killed in action monday , bringing the number of u . s . combat deaths to nine in the past two days and , since the war began .
and while enya won t commit to the idea of taking her tunes on the road , she does hint at the possibility .
the group has already issued a warning that the global economic crisis is a greater threat to the poorest nations .
clashes with the north are not unheard of on the korean peninsula , which has been divided since and fought a three year war in the s , although they were more common in decades past .
authorities have said that fatah al islam militants who have been arrested and interrogated have confessed there was a plan to attack the un .
marines rallied round a comrade under investigation for killing a wounded iraqi during the offensive in falluja , saying he was probably under combat stress in unpredictable , hair trigger circumstances .
business economist peter morici of the university of maryland says this is dragging a lot of things down with it .
meanwhile , bush has arrived in sydney amid the tightest security australia s biggest city has ever seen .
sculptor creates treehouse like tent
on monday , the un s nuclear watchdog confirmed that its inspectors would be traveling to north korea next week to discuss shutting down its main yongbyon nuclear reactor .
part of the deal was that her original sentence of days , which had been reduced to days if she showed good behavior behind bars , would be restored to the full length .
the committee is looking into whether wolfowitz breached ethical or other rules when he approved the promotion for riza , who had been at the bank for eight years before wolfowitz was nominated by u . s . president bush to lead the institution .
eric clapton is a well known musician and guitarist , famous throughout the world , said the official , who declined to give his name . it will be a good opportunity for western music to be understood better by koreans .
it is necessary to temporarily paralyze the activities at the congonhas airport in sao paulo until a complete renovation of both of its runways can be completed and there is certainty that they are fully secure , prosecutors said in a statement .
they reportedly rescued people , including children .
a lot of parents think , it will never happen to my kid , and that s not true , he said , adding that boys and girls are victimized in equal numbers .
the latest protest movement began aug . after the government raised fuel prices , but has its basis in long pent up dissatisfaction with the repressive military regime .
ewan buchanan , a spokesman for unmovic , said the substances are in a sealed metal box and wrapped in a plastic bag , so there is no immediate danger .
the spacesuits worn today use gas pressurization
he also pledged more support for health care , especially in rural areas where percent of the population has no health insurance and little access to doctors .
the fbi and china s public security bureau arrested people during the two week operation against the pirates .
he immediately apologized on sunday , saying the remark was a slip of the tongue .
don t be surprised if you are asked to pay more than the menu price .
estrada is accused of embezzling about m before he was forced from office by street protests in .
russia on saturday suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops on the continent , the kremlin said , a move that threatened to further aggravate moscow s already tense relations with the west .
the fell from the truck when a side panel burst open as it drove around a corner in central berlin on sunday evening , police said .
one of my husband and me on our honeymoon looking impossibly young
filmmakers set out to make a statement , an allegorical poem on film to warn about destruction of the environment , but nude actors have stolen the show .
everyone is doing very well this morning , hospital ceo scott hill told reporters wednesday at a dual press conference with virginia gov . tim kaine .
he is scheduled to race the giro d italia for the first time . the th anniversary edition of the giro takes place from may .
flanked by his wife , he told a news conference he could not allow private failings to disrupt public work .
following the agreement , korea s military acquisition agency , the defense acquisition program administration , will sign a contract with the u . s . aircraft maker within this month , finalizing the long delayed acquisition process , officials said .
and you thought your college reunion was exciting .
palestinian militants kidnapped an israeli soldier during a raid on an army post near the gaza strip .
maisel said patients with pacemakers and icds are told that magnets can interfere with the function of their implants , but they may not be aware that headphones contain the magnetic substance neodymium , which helps with sound reproduction .
israel s closure of border crossings amid continued rocket fire from gaza has brought the delivery of almost all supplies , including fuel , to a halt .
the reaction came after the pro opposition korea times and sister company hankook ilbo conducted a survey of adults across the country .
personally , however , baldwin s life became fodder for the tabloids , particularly during his protracted divorce battle with ex wife kim basinger .
office workers join hoe shik , or group dinners , and like to sing and dance together in karaoke bars .
apple inc . has delayed until march the launch of its gadget for streaming video and other content from computers to tvs , but the company would not explain why .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the massive blast in the capital city of islamabad killed at least six people , injured others and damaged the embassy wall and a neighboring united nations building .
chong wa dae and residents of the chungchong provinces were at a loss as the ruling camp held emergency meetings to prepare for the fallout .
the taliban appear to have dropped their earlier demand that taliban members be released from afghan prisons in exchange for the hostages freedom .
this packard that went for , .
michael weinfeld , washington .
the south asian monsoon season runs from june to september as the rains work their way across the subcontinent , a deluge that scatters floods and landslides across the region and kills hundreds of people every year .
once inside , the pair made their way to a private court room to work out details of a settlement expected to cost mccartney in excess of million in total payouts , according to some legal experts .
he helped bring down a president
they have been causing misfortune for our nation for a long time and they are still doing it today .
ubs shares initially fell nearly percent but rebounded to be down . percent at . . francs in zurich .
wii fit which retails for , comes with the game and a balance board which is used to calculate your body mass index , weight and measure shifts in your balance at the beginning of each session .
rudolf jaenisch , professor of biology and a leading cloning scientist based at the whitehead institute at the massachusetts institute of technology , said
bad parenting can induce that kind of excess guilt .
the tribunal , which includes three cambodian and two international jurists , is expected to continue until at least .
catholic teaching distinguishes between lesser , so called venial sins , and mortal sins .
knowing he faced likely rejection , prodi could have decided to resign before the vote .
yeah , that s science according to youtube .
some , houses were severely damaged in this medieval town located in a long and narrow valley known as the m zab , some kilometers miles from algiers , aps said .
priebke has been in prison or house arrest since he was extradited to italy in from argentina .
police said joshua mauldin told them he put ana marie in the microwave because he was under stress .
he said talks must continue to help reach a compromise between the serbs who want kosovo remain within serbia s borders , and the ethnic albanians who seek independence .
take the bus to the town of amecameca , and take a taxi from there .
black market tickets for next year s olympic games in china are already being sold illegally on the internet .
the truck blew up about feet meters from the border crossing terminal , which israeli soldiers man .
minutes he sprang to life to create a goal for mancini who rounded casillas before squeezing the ball home from a tight angle .
the pyramid is the th discovered so far in egypt .
pyongyang did not say whether it would accept inspections by the international atomic energy agency .
whatever a web page can do , so can a pair of shoes , says rafi haladjian , the visionary co founder of violet .
to not be able to get there except for the good will of others is a little ironic .
wilchcomb said the travoltas love and affection for their son was apparent to those in the community .
the british treasury chief made a pitch tuesday for china s billion state investment fund to invest in the uk as he visited beijing amid strains over tibet and china s trade surplus .
the coalition command in afghanistan said the patrol was fired upon by taliban insurgents donning afghan national police uniforms at a makeshift checkpoint in the shindand district .
but they may not be enough to survive in the st century .
roh s identity is suspected of having been stolen by somebody who registered him to the electoral college without his knowledge , party officials said .
but the estimate does not reportedly include the . trillion won cost for purchasing land on which the new base will be constructed .
havana , cuba cnn cuban state security agents followed anti government protesters into a catholic church this week , detaining about a dozen dissidents after hitting and kicking some of them , according to witnesses .
citigroup , hsbc and two other international banks on monday officially began offering local currency retail banking services to customers in mainland china , aiming to woo potential clients with better services than local lenders usually provide .
panmunjom was quiet when the ap visited this week .
play was halted just before local time and was called off for the day at with defending champion roger federer level with spain s juan carlos ferrero in the first set of their quarter final on centre court .
it is hard to imagine a more grotesque abuse of authority or flagrant violation of children s rights , said jasmine whitbread , chief executive of save the children uk .
forest officials say that generous funding could alleviate half their troubles , if it comes .
he s only , but has always told friends he doesn t like washington , and does want to go home to new hampshire .
south korean troops yesterday took over patrol duties from the american led united nations command at a guard post at the joint security agency in the heavily fortified demilitarized zone .
bush and olmert met in the aftermath of turmoil that left abbas , a western backed moderate , in control of one palestinian government in the inland west bank and his islamist rival hamas in control of the separate gaza strip on the coast .
sorenstam had won the last two kraft nabiscos and was trying to become the first lpga player to win the same major three times in a row .
clinton told her supporters in indianapolis , it s full speed on to the white house .
out for revenge , but acknowledged that the match was significant in another way .
the dprk democratic people s republic of korea had exerted every possible effort to solve its nuclear issue through dialogue and negotiations , he told the delegates .
i will be pleased to have him , said ac milan manager carlo ancelotti .
the dry weather and plus manicured golf courses create a real oasis in this desert valley .
anti chinese protesters and beijing supporters had lined the streets along the planned route along the city s waterfront hours ahead of when the relay was to begin .
companies recall , laptop battery packs
he wanted the casino to return his original cent wager .
new york cnn forget the empire state building .
the report entitled no medal for the olympics on labor rights said such violations included adult wages at half the legal minimum and employment of workers as young as years old .
ppp , which won the majority of parliamentary seats , has yet to name a candidate for the prime minister post .
china claims million of its people died at the hands of the japanese military .
wolfowitz was appointed to the world bank post in after serving as deputy u . s . defense secretary , where he was one of the leading architects of the invasion of iraq .
do some research
there was no significant damage , but one person ended up in the hospital .
aoun is himself backed for the presidency by hezbollah .
the year old portuguese sensation put united ahead in the th minute when he beat the offside trap to collect nani s pass and slip the ball across goalkeeper david james .
the dow has been down more than points or about three and a half percent much of the morning .
bond was set at , each , said rains county sheriff david traylor .
the dispute has affected natural gas supplies to europe .
athens , greece cnn greek authorities rescued passengers and crew members thursday after a cruise ship ran aground near the island of poros , said greece s ministry of merchant marine .
one fourth cup of nuts or seeds adds nearly five grams of high quality protein , as well as generous amounts of vitamin e , fiber , minerals , and arginine , a compound that helps blood vessels to function .
neck kiss , in which you kiss up and down your partner s neck
chinese premier wen jiabao urged japan s parliament on thursday not to forget tokyo s wartime aggression , even as the two asian powers mend their strained ties and bolster thriving business relations .
a senior north korean official in charge of inter korean affairs will visit seoul this week to discuss ways to implement agreements made at a recent summit of the two koreas and to tour major industrial complexes , officials said wednesday .
hawley added , we want to let passengers know that if they see some different security screening related to remote control devices , they know why we re doing it .
she leaves behind year old bao bao , the world s oldest known panda , according to the zoo spokesman .
a reward of , , swiss francs has been posted for information leading to the return of the paintings , police said .
sales of bottled water in the u . s . have now overtaken sales of milk and are close to outselling beer .
toothpaste and wine .
uribe accused the farc of murdering the hostages in cold blood , and participants in thursday s rallies demanded the farc turn over the bodies .
i am ecstatic about the fact that we can say we have made remarkable progress along those lines , tancredo said during a press conference in des moines , iowa . according to newsweek , the tancredo campaign has already won .
his comments echo statements of other senior government officials , including homeland security secretary michael chertoff .
many historians estimate that as many as , comfort women were forced into the imperial japanese army s brothels .
currently , citizens from vwp countries complete a written form providing basic biographical , travel and eligibility information while en route to the u . s . and submit the forms to border officials on arrival .
the election is vindication that vladimir putin is the country s national leader , and that the russian voters support the political course he has taken in the last eight years , gryzlov said .
the african union mission in somalia , or amisom , is charged with helping the war torn country rebuild .
the blast would mark a rare attack by the separatist group on a purely civilian target in recent years , though civilians have been killed in attacks on government and military targets .
former unification minister chung dong young won the united new democratic party s nomination to run in the december presidential election , monday , after a month long primary race marred by a low turnout and alleged vote buying .
you had a hundred billion chances and ways to have avoided today , cho said in one of the videos that aired wednesday night on nbc .
contributing conditions included high blood pressure and emphysema , he said .
the national assembly approved late last month new legislation on information security .
along with three female friends , she s planning to relax at a spa mentioned on the show , take a sex and the city hotspots tour and see the movie on its opening weekend .
another people were injured , critically , when the coach smashed through a roadside barrier on the steep laffrey gradient , some kilometers miles from the southeastern city of grenoble .
the euro bid offers a percent premium to puma s last closing share price of . euros .
officers responding to a wanted person call found a crowd of people at the complex , none of whom spoke english , police said .
they ve woven quite a worthy web .
the government s goal of boosting organ donation is a good one .
at the holocaust memorial museum wednesday , president bush paid tribute to professor liviu librescu , a holocaust survivor who taught at virginia tech for years .
the last american survivor , lillian gertrud asplund , died in massachusetts last year at age .
protesters were complaining about the lack of local jobs due to an influx of cheap foreign labour caused by a recent boom in macau s lucrative casino trade .
u . n . archivists for unmovic , the u . n . chemical weapons agency , unexpectedly turned up samples of material from an iraqi chemical weapons plant in old files on friday , u . n . officials said .
this week s cabinet level talks between the north and south the highest level regular contact between the koreas are the first in seven months .
as the arctic icecap thins as a result of global warming , a race is looming to claim ownership of the rich energy resources under the north pole .
we are um , going to go ahead and send it to a company called operation gratitude that does care packages for the troops overseas .
artificial tourist creations can work , said tony wheeler , co founder of the lonely planet guides .
if the trial confirms this , it could have a far reaching impact on the advice we give to postmenopausal women who have type diabetes .
at orientations and events , the campus police regularly set up a table to promote campus safety and gave away pens with emergency numbers on them . help never seemed far away .
a number of companies want to build solar or wind facilities on a half million acre parcel in the desert , but california senator dianne feinstein says the development would violate the spirit of what conservationists wanted when they donated much of that land to the public .
prosecutors said they had not been able to prove that hwang either fabricated data included in two science journal articles or conspired with kim to do so .
but she added she doesn t know whether the government will press charges against her to prevent her from having a role in this year s national elections .
but the united states travel ban still remains in effect , and will continue to be the law until the department of health and human services hhs modifies its regulations .
german authorities were urging residents to stay indoors until the worst of the storm had passed , especially in the northwest part of the country and the southern alps .
in vietnam , the death toll from a separate storm rose to .
he considered them pets .
london , england cnn a surge in violent knife crimes has prompted london police to introduce a new program that will rely on mobile , airport style scanners and hand held metal detectors for use against people suspected of carrying concealed weapons .
other major new york markets the nasdaq and the s p fell about . percent and . percent respectively .
yet students , while acknowledging some legitimacy to such findings , don t necessarily accept negative generalizations about their generation .
boston has pulled the same stunt twice before , down to to the yankees in the alcs . they went on to win the world series .
some , tamed elephants live in india , including some , in northeastern assam state , where they work in logging .
the consumer confidence index fell to . last month from in october , the sixth decline in seven months , the korea herald quoted the national statistical office as saying yesterday .
tired of her son s misbehavior , the pensioner in the central sicilian city of caltagirone turned to the police to convince this blockhead to behave properly , la sicilia , one of sicily s leading newspapers , reported on thursday .
animal shelters are overwhelmed and must kill many of the dogs they receive , according to victor collazo , president of the island s association of medical veterinarians .
activists are marking the th year of detention for burmese democracy leader aung san suu kyi , in a series of protests taking place in cities .
soon after , almontaser resigned and the city replaced her with a jewish principal who doesn t speak arabic .
as hong kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign , china s presence looms large among charges it marred the contest with dirty tricks while at the same time trying to woo voters with a charm offensive .
there seemed little on , but benzema turned quickly and got between ferdinand and nemanja vidic before stealing the shot into the corner .
the nominations were announced tuesday morning from beverly hills , california .
more than people have been killed and are still missing after severe flooding in north korea , according to red cross officials in the country .
electoral commission head maurice iwu declared yar adua of the people s democratic party the winner with . million votes , far ahead of his closest rival former army strongman muhammadu buhari , with . million .
investigators found traces of an organic phosphorus insecticide called methamidophos in the dumplings , their containers and the patients vomit
according to a new ruling wednesday by the state administration of radio , film and television , no foreign cartoons or programs introducing foreign cartoons can be shown during the golden hours on all domestic cartoon channels and children channels starting may .
in four previous fta talks held between south korea and the eu , european negotiators said they want to maintain tariffs on cars and some electronic products for up to seven years .
obama has said the review will show none of his aides had inappropriate discussions about the opening .
obama s camp touted a big boost for his campaign wednesday
the initial deal that would have allowed the import of almost all u . s . beef prompted widespread public protests shortly after it was announced in april , essentially paralyzing the government of president lee myung bak .
coalition aircraft were called in to strafe fighters who attacked coalition troops in amara and majjar al kabir , two shiite cities in the maysan province bordering iran , the military said .
patients with high blood pressure who are not on medication should rethink this hands on therapy method .
us president george w bush has vetoed a bill to expand a children s healthcare insurance plan , after it was passed with a large majority in the senate .
that was in the go go s , though .
after a few initial references to the war and its effects on the oscars , martin s opening monologue stuck to mocking nominees , other celebrities and hollywood at large .
italian striker luca toni struck twice as bayern munich moved five points clear at the top of the bundesliga with a home win over nuremberg on sunday .
the letter indicates the men intended to detonate an explosive device in the the sport utility vehicle while still inside the vehicle , the sources said .
about a dozen visitors were quarantined , but most were quickly released when it became apparent they did not have sars .
video showed pakistani forces in uniform with shields and sticks trying to move a razor wire barricade surrounding the protesters .
army military intelligence ran the prison , sgt .
bush and olmert , before meeting in the oval office , both spoke positively to reporters of the prospect for new talks between abbas and the israelis .
the gas price thing is a constant that is keeping consideration in their minds , miller said .
gore s environmental advocacy and his early opposition to the invasion of iraq have raised questions about whether he ll run for president again .
london , england cnn the conception of adolf hitler was never going to make for easy reading .
several markets were shut thursday due to public holiday .
just a week ago , twin suicide bombers set off explosives at the pakistan navy war college in lahore , killing at least five people . in january , a suicide bomber apparently targeting police detonated an explosive outside a court in the city , killing at least people .
in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said the tape sounded like old news .
diagrams of the chamber are based on data gathered over five years , starting in , using radar and other remote sensing technologies , the news agency said .
the latest round of regulation covers all of uiwang in gyeonggi province , and four areas of the central city of daejeon in chungcheong province .
that being said , family comes first and i know she has a very close family . i respect and support her decision and wish them the best .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert met top advisers on thursday to prepare for his first meeting with palestinian president mahmoud abbas since the two leaders launched formal peace talks last week .
carlin , who had a history of heart problems , went into the hospital sunday afternoon after complaining of heart trouble , said publicist jeff abraham . he died at p . m . p . m . et at st . john s hospital .
dressed mostly in black and holding white candles , a couple of thousand people held a vigil in hong kong thursday night to protest beijing s plans to restrict hong kong s movement toward greater democracy .
the th and th shiite imams are entombed at the al askariya mosque .
adam gault , , ann murphy , , described as gault s common law wife , and kimberly cray , about whom blatter had no details .
the musicians , along with the vocalist of rux , were arrested immediately after the show .
the united states and the international community can best help displaced iraqis by quelling the violence in iraq , she said .
but you know , meet the parents was something that i was developing .
the lawmakers will wait until after the south dakota and montana primaries tuesday before announcing their support for obama , two sources familiar with discussions between obama supporters and these senators told cnn s gloria borger .
some shelters even have a name for it big black dog syndrome .
mrs clinton trails her rival in the state by state race for delegates who will choose the democratic nominee .
the closely watched purchasing managers report indicated that the manufacturing sector declined for an th straight month in june , although the overall index reading of . percent was the best showing since november and far better than the . percent expected by analysts on average .
yukos , which had been russia s largest oil producer , crumbled after billion in back tax claims .
i am lucky to be part of the history of a club like manchester united .
in late , two female students at virginia tech complained to police that cho had been harassing them , although neither pursued charges against him .
joining us live today is the ap s mark smith
the north koreans have several things they need to do on key areas first .
castro said he was stepping down tuesday as president of cuba and commander in chief of its military , according to a letter published in the country s state run newspaper , granma .
unlike previous kt satellites that facilitated telecom services just in local areas , koreasat will cover asian countries including japan , china , taiwan and the philippines as well as korea .
widespread use can t be achieved without making us fearful that it s going to become addictive .
elena dementieva shrugged off the loss of the opening set to outplay serena williams to claim the kremlin cup title in moscow for the first time on sunday .
french government authorized a range of emergency powers .
police in germany found six young italian men shot in the head execution style outside a train station in the western city of duisburg wednesday in an attack officials believe was part of a feud between organized crime clans .
opposition lawmakers had demanded his resignation , but matsuoka denied any wrongdoing .
bhutan allegedly stripped the minority ethnic nepalis of their citizenship and forced them into exile in an attempt to create a homogenous culture , according to the independent non governmental group human rights watch .
the last states to ban the death penalty were west virginia and iowa in .
they also vowed to block an additional budget measure of million won , to renovate the press rooms .
president george w bush will visit the state on thursday , after declaring a state of emergency in seven counties .
meunier lebouc eagled the second hole by pitching in , but her celebration turned to disgust one swing later when her tee shot on the third hole went out of bounds .
the cult leader is in police custody awaiting proceedings on charges that he set up an organization whose activity is associated with violence on citizens and instigation to refuse to perform their civil duties , according to the state funded itar tass news agency .
yesterday was crazy , saturday , saturday we had a saturday like we haven t had in years .
daisy valdivia is annoyed that someone stole her backyard pool and baffled at how they did it without leaving behind a splash , drip or trace of the , gallons of water it contained .
seoul and washington still have to narrow differences in a lot of areas , a spokesman said during a news briefing in washington , d . c .
they are demanding a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits .
deutsche telekom only recently agreed to honor its sponsorship contract until , but reserved the right to terminate it at any time .
attempts to contact the miners through five previous bore holes have also been met with silence , and an underground rescue effort was called off last week after a second cave in killed three rescuers and injured six others .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said she welcomed the concert but cautioned against expectations that it would lead to dramatic change .
among them gregg , who counts the south korean president as one of the great asian leaders
new york cnn the woman alleged to have been hired by new york governor eliot spitzer reportedly revealed thursday she had gone without sleep since the scandal broke earlier this week and said she did not want to be thought of as a monster .
meulman was standing in for gen . peter van uhm , who was installed as defense chief only on thursday and would likely have delivered the news had his son not been among the victims .
at least two people have died , local authorities said .
in january , the humane society of the united states accused hallmark westland of abusing downed cattle , releasing video that showed workers kicking cows , jabbing them near their eyes , ramming them with a forklift and shooting high intensity water up their noses in an effort to force them to their feet for slaughter .
you don t hear much about charisma in business school .
the old testament identifies the area with the kingdom of edom .
according to hamas , israeli helicopters launched four missiles .
class of , today is your day .
in response to lefkowitz s comments , white house press secretary dana perino said in a statement .
including the ability to walk
north korea s foreign ministry officially confirmed the shutdown of the nuclear reactor via its state run news agency later sunday .
he added that those freed would have to sign a commitment not to return to violence .
suzuki , who started their involvement with international rally competition with the junior world rally championship , entered two sx wrcs in the world rally championship .
he sat silently and without expression as police officials spoke about the case .
in other cases , performers were nominated , but their films didn t make the globes short list . milk s sean penn received a best actor nomination , but the film
he s doing as good as expected at this time , but that s just thanks to all the policemen , may said .
the researchers traced the phenomenon back to what they called the self esteem movement that emerged in the s , asserting that the effort to build self confidence had gone too far .
fourth seed svetlana kuznetsova battled her way into the third round with an unconvincing victory over camille pin .
journalists covering the foreign ministry had to leave the building when the government information agency removed their makeshift workstations made out of styrofoam and rubber mattresses on the floors of the lobby .
both sides have agreed to expeditiously complete the transition of opcon to the rok republic of korea after oct .
ramos horta shared the nobel peace prize in for his work on behalf of the east timorese people during the country s quarter century occupation by indonesia .
myanmar s military junta has acknowledge deaths during the demonstrations and crackdown , but there are reports that hundreds .
among them he claims about , korean women work in the sex trade .
rohani s courage and dedication have been a key part of the bbc s reporting from afghanistan in recent years , the network said in a statement .
to access the internet , vehicles will need to have uconnect hardware , which chrysler will unveil to compete with ford s sync and other in car electronic systems .
the decision comes amid pressure from the u . s . congress and the international community to do more about the growing refugee crisis .
but the white house said the cover up operation that syria carried out after the israeli air strike reinforced the belief that the reactor was not intended for peaceful activities .
in it , the president warns a failure to act swiftly and boldly could cost another million jobs and allow the economic crisis to continue to deepen .
last week , iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki announced an amnesty plan in nineveh for some militants .
oil and gold prices fell .
we will defend our rights and at the same time we welcome further negotiations , jalili said .
bigley , a year old british engineer , earlier made an impassioned plea to blair to help secure his release in a videotape and accused him of lying over the hostage crisis .
the kremlin has said those accusations are nonsense and senior officials say the litvinenko affair has been used by president vladimir putin s enemies to damage russia s image .
msg president steve mills and klitschko s management confirmed the fight tuesday .
the afghan foreign ministry spokesman told cnn on saturday that one of the taliban held german hostages died of a heart attack but the other remains alive .
and , of course , they all just immediately turned from supporting the kennedys to supporting the johnsons .
following the meeting , shin called a special press conference and officially resigned .
they were quickly pushed back and cuffed by metropolitan police , which said its officers made arrests on a variety of charges .
north korea is rushing toward an end of year deadline to disable a key nuclear facility that produced materials to make nuclear bombs , the united states said wednesday .
the proposal will provide about billion in emergency loans for the three carmakers .
navimon probably won t be coming to a sidewalk near you anytime soon .
ainslie s victory at beijing
while icebergs naturally break away from the mainland , collapses like this are unusual but are happening more frequently in recent decades , vaughan said .
kimchi , south korea s popular pickle dish , has been approved for an historic space mission later this year , according to news reports .
it was apparent that the monkeys associated humans with danger perhaps due to ongoing threats from hunters , the group said .
one option being considered is a state supervised test for all train drivers .
and the portuguese television station sic , citing police sources , reported that dna matches to the girl were found in the car .
the ap s stephen graham reports from islamabad
the israeli military surrounded densely populated gaza city late monday as the death toll mounts in the war torn territory .
if this continues , we will carry the battle outside the city of tripoli .
the afghan government had wanted the taliban to first release the women hostages , but the insurgents demanded the government release its prisoners first , leading to deadlock , said a kabul based western security analyst , speaking on condition of anonymity
world number one nadal said monday he is still struggling with tendinitis in his right knee after a week of treatment .
unfortunately , this is far from simple .
the iraqi interior ministry said at least people were killed and wounded in the same violence in the sprawling shiite slum .
the american investor and philanthropist is worth an estimated billion , up billion from a year ago thanks to surging prices of berkshire hathaway stock , according to forbes magazine s annual ranking of the world s billionaires .
the incident was deemed so horrendous the host broadcaster covering the match refused to show replays of the tackle during the game .
the slightly prudish charlotte ?
the biggest issue in the race has been the possible secession of the majority albanian province of kosovo .
we re aware of the tape , a government official , who didn t want to be identified , told cnn .
las vegas , nevada cnn prosecutors said they anticipate filing charges within the next few days , against o . j . simpson and other defendants in an alleged armed robbery involving sports memorabilia .
with , in hong kong and , in singapore .
according to the annual report compiled by the information ministry and the national computerization agency , the nation maintained the ranking for a second consecutive year by receiving high scores in a total of it related categories .
they know all the different motives that influence a consumer s purchase .
zimbabwe is under international pressure to release the results , amid concerns that mugabe is stalling the process in order to remain in power .
mattel values its intellectual property and actively protects its brands and trademarks .
stocks on wall street slumped friday , as the brutal week ended .
hamas , which formed a government after winning parliamentary elections in january , does not recognize israel and has rejected calls for a permanent end to violence .
people will spend an enormous amount of energy trying to cover up .
it could be issues related to stress or vitamin deficiency , he said .
second placed nancy moved to within five points of french league leaders lyon after snatching a late draw at man toulouse .
we are only thinking about socgen because all european banks are thinking about it , bnp paribas spokeswoman christelle maldague said .
former arkansas governor mike huckabee , who also pinned his hopes on florida , was fourth , with of votes counted .
the new airbus superjumbo has just completed its maiden commercial flight and there are already plans to transform the world s largest passenger plane into the pinnacle of private luxury an executive jet . two european companies
meeting in paris today , they have all decided to guarantee future bank debts for five years .
the poll canvassed , people nationwide aged over and gnp delegates , who are authorized to vote in the party s primary .
this is something that even if the cat licks itself , it won t hurt it .
china and japan have been engaged in a number of disputes over the past year , both over oil resources and japan s attitude to its colonial and wartime history .
nowak is to get her next assignment from the u . s . navy .
just as the lights are coming back on in the northeast they may blink out again .
the researchers , led by eske willerslev of the university of copenhagen , denmark , say the findings are the first direct proof that there was forest in southern greenland .
also at the table were smith s mother and her attorneys .
bush is accompanied on the iraq visit by lt . gen . douglas lute , the newly appointed white house official responsible for coordinating iraq issues .
jerusalem cnn an israeli soldier committed suicide at tel aviv s airport during a departure ceremony for french president nicolas sarkozy , prompting security guards to whisk sarkozy and his wife into their plane .
with instruments to measure his altitude and speed , a global positioning system device in his pocket , and about four plastic bags holding five gallons of water each to act as ballast he could turn a spigot , release water and rise couch headed into the oregon sky .
the money laundering , conspiracy and obstruction of justice charges against former michigan rep . mark deli siljander are part of a count indictment released by the u . s . attorney s office in kansas city , missouri .
i understand the government is cautiously considering proposing to u . s . officials that the target year be delayed if the study finds any element posing a threat to security .
in baghdad , a witness reported seeing anti aircraft artillery on the roof of the ministry building , which was burning as emergency vehicles rushed to the scene .
beverly hills chihuahua barks up right tree , dominates box office
in fact , the museum show also has a building area for kids who are inspired to build their own artwork after seeing my pieces .
on friday , in buenos aires , argentina about , miles southwest of sao paulo chavez called bush s travels an attempt to divide and confuse latin american nations .
kosovo declaration of independence sparked anger in serbia , but picked up quick support from eu nations including germany and the uk .
does wearing the color red give you a sexual edge ?
japanese conservatives have expressed alarm at what some see as a soft u . s . stance on the north korean nuclear talks .
lohan was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence saturday after her convertible struck a curb in beverly hills , and investigators found what they believe is cocaine at the scene , police said .
abe has come under fire at home and abroad for suggesting in early march that there is no proof that the imperial government or military coerced women into the
it s almost an exclamation point on the pronounced ice loss we ve seen in the past years , he said .
chicken pox complications are much more frequent and severe in adults than children and can include life threatening pneumonia and encephalitis brain inflammation .
we also know that the quds force is a part of the iranian government .
under the program announced tuesday morning , the fed will purchase three month unsecured and asset backed commercial paper directly from eligible issuers .
after legal fees were paid , , was placed in a trust to pay for debbie shank s long term care .
mrs . reagan is in good spirits , especially comforted to be receiving care from talented doctors in a world class hospital named in honor of her late husband , the statement said .
the frigid weather is associated with the formation of thin clouds , where the floating industrial chemicals eat up the fragile ozone molecules .
brown said he spoke with wen on wednesday , pressing his government for constraint in dealing with the protesters .
a scheduled hearing for staff sergeant ivan frederick was postponed after his defense counsel failed to show up .
iraq has been trying to persuade arab states to send ambassadors to baghdad and many of those embassies are in the mansour neighborhood .
ternent then goes to work , dragging the bears from their den .
kononenko was asked to give periodic reports on how the toilet was working .
teen pregnancy and birth rates declined in the s but the united states still has the highest rates of pregnancy and birth of any comparable country .
verses and slogans cut into granite slabs extol the late president kim il sung , father of kim jong il .
asked if she had discussed the lack of women on the council , she told reporters , the issue has been brought up in our discussions with the saudis on this trip .
hamas fighters wrested control of gaza from fatah security forces two weeks ago , prompting palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , based in the west bank , to replace the hamas leadership with an emergency government .
the proposed accord is meant to help turn ethanol into an internationally traded commodity and to promote sugarcane based ethanol production in central america and the caribbean .
the pacific island s military rulers have been under increasing international pressure to speed up a return to democracy .
that s a big load that s pulling you forward , said liza shapiro , an anthropology professor at the university of texas and the only one of the study s three authors who has actually been pregnant . you experience discomfort . maybe it would be a lot worse if the design changes were not there .
atlanta , georgia cnn an international fugitive accused of killing his wife in new zealand , stuffing her body into the trunk of a car and then abandoning the couple s year old daughter at a train station last year has been captured in the u . s . state of georgia , authorities said .
after the protests during the olympic torch run in london .
the justice department and cia investigations are subject to white house control and are not expected to show any wrongdoing .
one of the suspects , identified by sources as dr . khalid ahmed , was hospitalized for critical burns from the attempted suicide bombing at the airport .
the president had previously insisted that the state of emergency , imposed on november , must remain until the january vote was completed , saying it was needed to ward off attacks from islamic extremists .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld warned asian defense ministers and analysts that there is more terrorism to come in asia , and america s allies can count on u . s . support .
the hospital has refused to comment on the case , citing privacy concerns , but said there were age limits on its drop off service .
chelsea defender ricardo carvalho scored in the sixth minute to lift the blues back above arsenal and to within five points of leader manchester united .
among them was elaha sorur , the only woman to make it into the top and a quick fan favorite .
for most cubans , the measure is largely symbolic , as hotel rates are unaffordable .
he will be out for three weeks , manager arsene wenger told the club s official web site .
an agreement on a u . n . security council resolution calling for an israeli gaza cease fire has been reached , arab and western diplomats said thursday afternoon .
al sadr issued a statement thursday urging all groups to adopt a political situation and peaceful protest and to stop shedding the iraqi blood , according to a senior member of his movement .
the deadliest storm to hit the china coast in recent years was typhoon winnie in , which killed people .
exhibition curator gary radke of syracuse university says that the special alloy of bronze developed in the th century workshop of lorenzo ghiberti for the doors had resulted in a corrosion that had dulled the dull surfaces of the square relief sculptures and other gilt ornaments on the doors .
the first bomb , in a car parked in a commercial area , detonated about a . m . as onlookers gathered , the second one exploded in a nearby garage a few minutes later .
blonsky said she was hoping and preparing for a last minute resolution that would permit actors to attend the globes .
or rather the second visit in a week on his tour of asia was made at a critical juncture , officials in seoul , beijing and washington might have agreed to remain silent until they could pin down a date to resume the disarmament talks .
the number of missing has increased more than a thousand from a week ago when the government reported that , people had not been found .
his party urged that the government go ahead with elections on january .
it is not clear whether he is in hospital or recovering at home .
turkel s work celebrated the common people .
the dow is now up points .
the storm s sustained winds are now being measured at around km h .
kisii and the surrounding towns are rural and depend largely on tea farming .
in return , he said , north korea will be delisted from the terrorism roster and the sanctions imposed under the trading with the enemy act will be lifted .
sixty seven percent of those questioned in a cnn opinion research corporation survey disapprove of the president s performance .
he later admitted to shooting ito with a handgun with the intent to kill , nagasaki chief investigator kazuki umebayashi said at a news conference .
heavy fighting has been raging in basra as thousands of iraqi troops battle shia militias in the southern city .
police said they found four charcoal stoves in the car , which was wrapped in blue plastic sheets and had its windows sealed from the inside .
he said renovation was underway at the three most striking venues for the olympics , the , seat bird s nest national stadium , the water cube and the national indoor stadium .
the company hired by the owner to sell it said in court papers it had received a million offer , which the company wanted to accept .
centrist francois bayrou , one of four main contenders , won . percent of the votes while far right leader jean marie le pen took . percent , according to the ministry .
the spokesman told cnn the attempt to remove the children was both illegal and unacceptable .
a french human rights official who s black , says the election of the first african american president is the fall of the berlin wall , times ten .
scientists generally agree that liquid water , a stable energy source and organic , or carbon containing , compounds are required for a habitable zone .
saudi arabia has yet to respond but it is believed olmert s call for a regional summit suggests the plan could at least form a basis for fresh negotiations .
under a agreement between korea and the united states pyongtaek , kyonggi province , is the site for a new , consolidated u . s . military base to be built by .
it sank near shore in the calm river after colliding with a small cargo vessel and many people were able to swim to safety , maniruzzaman said .
after the hearing , attorneys for the exonerated lacrosse players said they would push for criminal charges against nifong .
, up . percent from . million at the end of , the national statistical office nso said in a preliminary report on the population census conducted between nov .
fears for delay of iraqi new constitution .
a miner in chiapas discovered a tiny tree frog that has been preserved in amber for million years , a researcher said .
at the time of the crash , rees was working for al fayed s security team and was assigned to guard dodi fayed . he was also protecting the princess because she was fayed s companion on the trip .
that s often a sign that a plea bargain is imminent .
loud laments were heard from landowners and real estate dealers in the south chungcheong area immediately after the constitutional court s ruling became known , according to the joong ang ilbo .
but interior minister aftab khan sherpao said foreigners would not be brought into the investigation . i would categorically reject this , he said .
according to ap reports , at least people have been killed in election related violence since thursday s voting in kenya .
ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador to iraq , went further . we have to assume that anywhere al qaeda can find operating room , space , the ability to organize , to consolidate , they re going to use that to come after us , said the ambassador , who had testified side by side with petraeus the past two days on capitol hill .
for me , it had become a tradition to do something unusual on my birthday .
the pro democracy movement provided a heartening moment for hong kong residents , who mounted huge demonstrations in support .
he said the sunshine policy of president kim dae jung has elicited almost nothing in return from north korea .
thaksin was ousted in a september military coup for alleged corruption and abuse of power .
in return , pyongyang was promised energy aid .
true to the shrek world , these are not the well behaved princesses of classic children s stories .
in a joint statement issued after their first meeting since the presidential election , the former rivals said they hoped to work together on challenges like the financial crisis , creating a new energy economy and protecting the country s security .
track cyclist hoy wins top british award
but opening a restaurant in the eiffel tower comes with its own challenges .
later he appeared to backtrack , stressing he had not met the man and could not verify his friend s claims .
the landing dubbed the seven minutes of terror was a nerve wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions .
to eliminate the blind spot , the rearview mirror has been replaced with a camera built into the back door .
these include the kidnapping of police and people the mosque s leaders say are involved in immoral activities such as prostitution .
the pygmy tarsier , or tarsius pumilus , weighs about grams . ounces , and has dense fur , large , protruding eyes .
the korea times reports a spaceship carrying korea s first astronaut yi so yeon was successfully launched into space from kazakhstan , setting a milestone in korea s space exploration history .
analysts believe islamist militants allied to general musharraf to be the most likely group behind it .
space station commander peggy whitson grabbed him around the waist and pulled him back .
the target of the plot , the intelligence service said , was the cartoonist for the danish newspaper morgenavisen jullands posten , which first published the controversial drawings in september . the paper identified the cartoonist as kurt westergaard .
the reason that we used lindsay lohan is because she s had multiple duis that have been high profile , american beverage institute managing director sarah longwell told the associated press .
bbc , which is paid for by the public through a compulsory license fee , is trying to fill a funding shortfall after the british government awarded it a much reduced settlement earlier this year .
hussein had the ability to restart the weapons program and professed to wanting to do that , piro said .
cnn sexually unfulfilling marriages aren t limited to new parents or aging baby boomers with hormone imbalances .
marine women split with their spouses at a rate of . compared to . for male marine .
thaci , an ex leader of the kosovo liberation army who was accused of acts of terrorism and was forced into hiding by former serb leader slobodan milosevic , said his first priority when he takes office will be to declare formal independence from serbia , reports in the serbian media said .
sales of nintendo s quirky wii video game machine could top the legendary playstation , making it the biggest hit in the industry s history , nintendo president satoru iwata said on thursday .
spitzer , who built his career on rooting out public corruption as new york attorney general , became a national figure with a series of high profile wall street investigations . he is also known for prosecuting prostitution rings .
skinny dipper invades moat around japan s imperial palace
president roh moo hyun and british prime minister tony blair agreed on thursday to further strengthen bilateral cooperation in high tech areas , such as information technology industries , between the two countries , according to the korea times .
they have threatened to hire pilots and flight attendants from other airlines if necessary .
pakistan s army has captured a key militant stronghold near the afghan border .
a law that went into effect last year mandates that government officials found to have mistresses be dismissed from their posts .
the sinuiju special administrative region was touted as an attempt by the north s communist regime to engage the outside world and revive its crippled economy following a capitalist model .
oh was found shot to death at a hospital barber shop of the zaytun unit saturday , the jcs said .
washington cnn law enforcement agencies across the nation have received about a dozen copycat threats to schools during the past hours in the wake of the virginia tech massacre , according to the fbi .
the late cartoonist pierre culliford best known by his pen name , peyo first introduced the tiny blue figures in a comic strip in october .
and they still act like the boys from new jersey , proud of their musical brotherhood that spawned numerous hit albums and no . singles .
gordon s late free throws seal bulls win over cavaliers
the military said two other iraqi civilians were killed and another was wounded .
to assist with resettlement of refugees in other countries and humanitarian aid .
she gained notoriety when she waged a legal war for her husband s estate even though he had yet to be confirmed dead .
greening the motor industry is about proving that that lifestyle is compatible with the fight against climate change .
he ran a textile business , returning to china with us million to start a cut flower business .
the court has accepted the appeal in principle but rejects its content , therefore the court decided to uphold the verdict against them , judge fathi dahan told the courtroom .
it s life , and chances are , we ll find it in a box years later and be thankful that we have it
spain s largest fighting bulls lived up to their fearsome reputation , goring two and crushing at least seven people as thousands of daredevils sprinted down narrow streets sunday in pamplona s annual running of the bulls .
some people sabotage themselves by picking unrealistic goals , crawford said .
the estimated value of the golf club is billion won .
the ap s washington bureau chief ron fournier on the latest ap gfk poll findings .
in a second part of the drill , officials in thailand , malaysia , american samoa and the philippines staged real tsunami evacuations .
we re still one game away so we get that game , you know , believe , you know , we ll be happy , city will be happy .
south korea has been quick to respond to the north s request for help after the april tragedy , although pyongyang has rejected seoul s offer to truck supplies across their heavily fortified border , seriously slowing the transport of emergency supplies .
aaa reports gas is now going for a national average . a gallon .
in its weekly inventory report , the u . s . energy information administration , a government agency that measures oil and gas supplies , said crude stocks rose by . million barrels last week .
they had threatened to commit mass suicide if authorities tried to intervene .
the two main us democratic presidential candidates , hillary clinton and barack obama , are preparing to face each other in a live televised debate .
their father noticed they were no longer behind him .
armenian president robert kocharian declared a state of emergency saturday night that he hoped would bring order to yerevan .
republican senator david vitter tells the cbs early show he can t say yes til he knows detroit is willing to say no to some old obligations .
people may have lost their concern for forests because there are more pressing agendas , but we have to go on harping until they realize , he added .
when they are unable to blame kids , stress or physical issues , many couples struggle unhappily to identify and resolve the problems behind their lackluster sex life .
scientists are looking forward to the complete version , which will be useful for making detailed comparisons to the dna of other animals , he said .
mark laneve , gm s vice president of north america sales , service and marketing , has said the company expects about percent of pickup drivers to opt for the hybrid system .
one interesting difference , unlike the exit polls in many states , there is no difference in the national poll between college educated democrats and those who never attended college .
uses one third as many parts
global markets have taken a beating as the financial crisis deepened around the world .
iraq will take legal custody of saddam from the u . s .
the visit has prompted speculation that china is advocating market reforms for pyongyang and could also urge it to rejoin stalled nuclear negotiations .
david baker , an official in olmert s office , said the core issues would not be discussed now .
noting california s budget crisis , the governor said public safety is a top priority .
scores of civilians , and some militants , emerged from the complex after troops launched an all out assault in the early hours of tuesday morning .
the party wants kim to testify about alleged irregularities involving the now defunct firm bbk .
police say they have arrested the girl s mother , kimberly dawn trenor , , and royce clyde zeigler ii , , both of spring , texas .
another child died of the virus at a beijing hospital , but that death was counted in the child s home province of hebei , which neighbors beijing , the news agency said .
one person one vote , said william kwok , who prefers to join this july party instead of the one commemorating the territory s handover .
prime minister kostas karamanlis declared a nationwide state of emergency saturday night , mobilizing all resources .
more than civilians in lebanon and two children in israel were killed on wednesday as violence continued .
black left the court without speaking to reporters .
while he waited to be interrogated , he says , an israeli officer came up and told us jericho has fallen .
europe s main stock markets also rebounded after sharp losses the previous day , with london s ftse index jumping . percent by gmt .
michelle obama can t be too over the top she has to be recession chic all the way , style expert mary alice stephenson said .
a u . n . official who had just inspected the north darfur town said sunday more than , civilians were fleeing the area .
president bush , in his radio address , talked about the meeting of world economic leaders he s hosting in washington on november th .
it was unclear whether the summons was meant as a sign of chinese displeasure with his appointment to serve pyongyang .
taiwan s premier urged citizens on march to postpone visits to china for the traditional ching ming tomb sweeping festival , as the island announced its th sars case .
they face the champions in a crunch match next saturday at the emirates stadium .
the king assassination , cnn presents turned to the people who were there that day and others personally involved in the movement to tell their first hand stories of a tragedy that still resonates today .
the winner will complete the last few months of ousted mayor kwame kilpatrick s term .
the death toll in a mine blast in central china has climbed to , state media reported monday .
on the other side of the weather system , warnings were issued for parts of michigan , where freezing rain and sleet was predicted to turn to all snow late sunday .
i asked her gibbons why she had done it and she said she didn t chose the name , the children did , boulos told cnn .
sensors inside the beaker detect the soil s ph and probe for traces of the nutrients .
obama was introduced by actor robert de niro and joined on stage by sen . edward kennedy . kennedy is a massachusetts democrat and a fan of the new england patriots , the team the giants beat sunday night .
it marked the first time that obama has visited the oval office .
in his concession speech , prime minister john howard told supporters that he leaves government with australia stronger and prouder and more prosperous than it was and a half years ago .
he has lived his life to work for zimbabwe .
the yangtze is the third longest river in the world , running , kilometers about , miles .
trailing from the first leg , sevilla took advantage of a pressure cooker atmosphere at the sanchez pizjuan to turn the heat on the visitors and were rewarded when luis fabiano scored eight minutes before the break .
velasquez said colombia s government will fulfill its word of freeing jailed rebels if the farc releases hostages .
iraq s presidential council is expected to approve a new security pack with the us that was passed by the iraqi parliament today .
i say , god , take me out of this poverty and have my father go work so i can go to school .
experts from washington and pyongyang met in beijing on tuesday and wednesday to discuss the financial restrictions the united states imposed over the north s alleged counterfeiting of u . s . currency and money laundering .
defense secretary robert gates announced harvey s resignation at the pentagon , just a day after harvey removed the hospital s commander , maj . gen . george weightman , from his post .
a family farmer has a lot more responsibilities , however , than a forklift operator .
he said he couldn t remember the attack , only when danish defender michael gravgaard pushed him away from fandel .
earthquakes are common in the peloponnese region , according to greek geodynamic institute director gerasimos papadopoulos .
before the shopping storm , topshop big boss philip green maintained the calm , shooing reporters away so he could personally escort moss to see her collection on the store racks for the first time .
now he s one of two .
a new york state judge has ruled that dell , one of the world s leading computer companies , and its financing unit engaged in fraud , false advertising , deceptive business conduct and abusive debt collection practices .
the new york times was criticized thursday not only for claims in a story about sen . john mccain s relationship with a lobbyist but also for its use of unnamed sources .
soccer for us is a passion , a national passion .
in the film , kingsley plays a therapist who forms a friendship with a teenage drug dealer josh peck who trades pot for therapy sessions .
no group has claimed responsibility for the attack .
around and , trucks from a range of companies took part in the protest said peter carroll , a trucking company owner and protest organizer .
with a short swing , a half stare and an emphatic clap of his hands , barry bonds rounded the bases .
bush took a decision in this area that i would not hesitate to call historic , chirac said .
and if not one of the existing ones , we ll create a new one .
tuesday s announcement comes after the australian government revealed that it plans to increase the level of foreign ownership permitted in qantas , the sydney morning herald reported .
auto production at japanese carmakers has virtually ground to a halt after the country s top supplier of piston rings , riken , was hit by an earthquake on july .
we look to you to play a historic role , he said , adding that results are needed not in one year or five years but this year .
creature , one single life , and you can decide what
on the other hand , roh was asked not to suggest anything on a unification formula , which would not command support from the people
the artists are rehearsing for cambodia s first known contemporary rock opera , where elephants weep , which makes its world debut friday in phnom penh .
i started to get bored because of the middle sections of the show .
brown had sought to have the wills of margaret and her mother , queen mother elizabeth , unsealed .
but not in this way .
cnn britain s prince charles will not attend the opening ceremonies of the olympic games in beijing and a group that campaigns against china s human rights record said monday that the future monarch s decision was in solidarity with its aims .
pollack s last screen appearance was in made of honor , a romantic comedy currently in theaters , where he played the oft married father of star patrick dempsey s character .
sounds like peace talks are getting serious in the middle east , but it also sounds like the fighting is getting even heavier in gaza city , sound of shouting in background where a wounded journalist was rushed to the hospital .
but the event comes at a time when debate is growing about what it means to be malaysian , analysts say .
there were no specific details of how they planned to attack the israeli leader .
as the canal was drained , soldiers fished out what they thought were possible leads , military officials told cnn .
the state run china daily newspaper attributed the rioters anger to officials alleged attempt to cover up a murder case .
airports around the world have had to make changes to accommodate the a , such as enlarging runways and gates and bringing in vehicles which can tow the plane and lift high enough to reach its upper decks .
new york cnn when teen music stars approach the age of consent , they often test the boundaries of what s appropriate by taking on projects with adult content .
still , winning three of four games against the tampa bay devil rays to climb above . for the first time in more than three weeks is a nice start for a team that spent the first half of the season digging itself into a deep hole .
according to a tns sofres survey carried out for le figaro newspaper , most french people approved of sarkozy s cabinet line up and this was likely to translate into gains for his party in parliament .
now it shows a note that the company network solutions is investigating whether the site violates its terms of service .
based on obama s own words , the idea might not be too far fetched .
obama told reporters on his campaign plane thursday , i have no idea how much money we ve raised , but we ve been paying our bills . right now , i believe we re doing very good .
their talks are expected to focus on territorial disputes and increasing bilateral trade , worth bn ?
the classified pentagon information says nuclear weapons could be used nuclear targeting discussions have been a part of u . s . military strategy but analysts told that would be the first official one to come to light .
they are questioning the first man , named as mohammed haneef , at the request of uk police , but say he has not been charged .
south korea did not vote , while north korea is not a member of the commission .
but he doesn t buy into the natural ability part .
on a two day campaign swing in south carolina , mccain fielded questions from the crowd for more than an hour and said the united states can succeed in iraq with additional troops and a new strategy .
researchers had thought that frozen cells were unusable because ice crystals would have damaged the dna .
the year s five top grossers were spider man , harry potter and the sorcerer s stone , star wars
there was no risk to public health because no part of the animal entered the human food systems , government inspectors said .
brian thomas , the associated press with ap newsminute .
rees , who still has a visible scar from the accident over his left eye , told the court he remembers nothing new about the crash , which , he has said , was an accident .
he says he would continue to support the difficult eu process as president .
musharraf accused the judge of misusing his powers . chaudhry was reinstated .
spears , , voluntarily checked herself into an undisclosed treatment facility , cnn has confirmed .
until this summer there were only known cases of the virus in the u . s . since , according to the cdc .
the team from the international atomic energy agency iaea is traveling at the request of pyongyang to discuss procedures for monitoring the shut down of the yongbyon nuclear reactor .
the protests came amid further unrest and looting , which has prompted tens of thousands of residents to flee .
the taliban warned it would kill the germans unless the german government promised to withdraw the more than , troops it has stationed in northern afghanistan as part of nato s international security assistance force .
another court hearing will be held in arizona this afternoon for an year old boy accused of fatally shooting his father and another man .
bus operator arriva claimed other passengers could be put at risk if the bus braked sharply .
premier league leaders arsenal or champions league winners liverpool could face another english team in the semifinals if chelsea overcome turkish opponents fenerbahce .
we ve watched the rise of the giant corporation , a development speaking of ironies that was not considered particularly healthy at the time .
the world s largest telescope is so precious that you don t want to waste a second .
at least two of the fires were started intentionally and two more have suspicious origins , he said during a news conference , issuing a warning for the arsonists .
min bahadur sherchan reached the , meter summit early in the morning with his climbing guides , said a nepal tourism ministry official , ramesh chetri .
that a new face doesn t guarantee a new job .
hayya was not at home and was not harmed , they said .
imagine a bicycle seat connected by mechanical frames to a pair of shoes for an idea of how the new wearable assisted walking gadget from honda works .
the scientists checked their drinking habits and monitored their state of health .
the group is said to have left the north korean port of tongchon on friday evening , pretending to go fishing .
so far , the chief invaders of castello di amorosa castle of love have been tourists and wine lovers , eager to get a look at the th century style tuscan castle that sits on diamond mountain , just south of calistoga on highway .
he might easily have been sent off for the incident but a three game ban followed regardless .
but the meeting failed to reach an accord .
the kremlin tried to conceal the accident and delayed evacuation of people from nearby towns for days .
the former manchester united and real madrid midfielder said he was just rearranging his clothing around the ankle .
gilles was hitting much better from behind the baseline , but i got a lot of free points from my serve .
new orleans last residents are being urged to leave the swamped city as fires add to the hazards there .
among the unsettled issues are beef , automobiles , textiles , anti dumping , intellectual property rights , pharmaceuticals and the investor state dispute isd system , which makes it possible for investors to file suits against each other s government for possible unfair treatment .
the great depression is in full swing .
communist china is cracking down on poor food safety amid a string of scares over toothpaste , pet foods , and other goods .
the rspb has been studying whether it is possible to remove the mice .
oil prices were lower , with u . s . light crude oil for november delivery falling . to settle at . a barrel .
president bush also called obama to congratulate him .
the death toll in worst hit sichuan province , southwestern china , rose to at least , with another , people hurt , chinese government officials said monday .
a senior official with the sichuan provincial government said tuesday the death toll was still rising , xinhua reported .
foreigners now control percent of american manufacturing and percent of american banking .
the un general assembly has voted overwhelmingly to create a new human rights organization for the world body , despite united states criticism .
space command of the air force , which monitors objects in space , is providing data on the object to the investigators .
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama are wrapping up their push in pennsylvania with sharp attacks a day before the state s crucial primary .
screeners were criticized last week after a government report revealed that investigators had been able to smuggle liquid explosives and detonators past airport security .
i would believe as the situation demands , all of us should be doing everything we can , karzai said . i hope we can all speed up , increase and bring more effectiveness into this fight in this whole broader region , not in selective areas .
but on friday burma s military junta extended it by another year , drawing swift international condemnation .
taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousuf said the taliban , who had already killed one hostage , would begin killing the others if the afghan government did not act .
i wouldn t be doing this job if i didn t think lleyton had a chance of winning a grand slam .
residents , fearing the change would reduce their property values and threaten their livelihoods , clashed with police and looted government offices , according to the gansu daily .
roh s idealism has turned south korea into a debtor state , saying that korea is moving back to the system of the past , when presidents commanded the economy .
the financial world to congress
according to exit polls , percent cast their vote for the illinois senator , compared to percent for clinton .
the media reports raised hope that north korea still intended to comply with an international deal .
in response to the outcry after the shooting , virginia gov . tim kaine named an independent panel to review the tragedy .
about others were reported injured .
on tuesday , bush had expressed frustration with the pace of progress toward political reconciliation in iraq , saying if the iraqi government doesn t respond to the demands of the people , they will replace the government .
booths selling beer eventually were added , and by they had morphed into the now iconic beer tents .
diego maradona , who is in the hospital being treated for alcoholic hepatitis , will be moved next week to a psychiatric clinic for alcohol abuse treatment , his doctor said on thursday .
his father said jeremy was a hiker and a biker and ran in marathons . he worked as a teaching assistant while pursuing his interest in helping the environment .
carroll was shown , in tears , leaving the national park by boat with her rescuers .
motorists are already paying well over a gallon , and there are signs that it s beginning to cut into demand and hurt consumer spending .
finished with the money title at , , .
but they envision few complications .
washington cnn airport screeners are giving additional scrutiny to remote controlled toys because terrorists could use them to trigger explosive devices , the transportation security administration said monday .
you might consider renting it over the weekend because you may be able to finish the game before the weekend s over .
london , england cnn new technology that can see through clothing and detect what s underneath can now be used to scan crowds , making it a potentially effective tool to prevent terrorist attacks in public places .
north korea has not changed its mind about ending its nuclear program , leader kim jong il has told a visiting chinese diplomat .
parti quebecois members are notoriously impatient and boisclair is the fourth party leader to resign in less than years .
the documents cover nearly , days .
the arrested men ahmed mohamed , , and youssef megahed , are egyptian nationals .
i walked over a little bit , and i could just see the little part of his low butt sticking up there , and i took a couple more steps , and i could see his legs .
women are also not allowed to testify in court unless it is about a private matter that was not observed by a man , and they are not allowed to vote .
the government has been heavily involved in aig for some months now , and it s shocking that they would the administration would come to us now and act surprised about these contracts .
serbia s minister slobodan samardzic said saturday that the united states which backed kosovo s breakaway and was among the first countries to recognize its secession was the main culprit for the violence , ap reported .
the seoul central district court on tuesday sentenced korean born german scholar song du yul to seven years in prison for violating the national security law .
you cannot pretend we re , still running around new york drinking with liberty and looking for interesting sexual partnerships . it would have been vulgar . none of us wanted to do that .
in a brief statement explaining their decision , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke and his colleagues said that financial markets remain under considerable stress .
with jurors out of the room on monday , moore s brother , thomas moore of colorado springs , colorado , said he spoke last week to edwards , who had apologized to the victims families and asked their forgiveness .
technology experts say such a development would not be possible without the approval of internet service providers which are under strict supervision by beijing .
researchers studying neanderthal dna say it should be possible to construct a complete genome of the ancient hominid despite the degradation of the dna over time .
the antitrust watchdog ordered the two companies that engaged in mlm without proper registration , myd and ub city one , to stop their marketing activities and submitted the cases to the prosecution .
the transportation department reported the lowest highway fatality rate ever recorded in and the largest drop in total deaths in years .
the first half we were not controlling . . . the second half a little bit better but when you play against chelsea you know they like to counter attack , said benitez .
the state of emergency will be lifted on november , and we will switch to a normal life mode , nino burdzhanadze , a close ally of georgia s president mikhail saakashvili , said in parliament wednesday .
microsoft is unveiling a coffee table shaped computer that responds to touch and bar codes attached to everyday objects .
michelle obama learned this year that one of her great great grandfathers was a slave who worked on a rice plantation in south carolina .
he is seeking the parliamentary majority he needs to pass his promised raft of sweeping reforms .
a senior rebel leader in colombia surrendered sunday the latest major blow for insurgents who have waged war against the colombian state for years .
the defense ministry said before the clash that it had ordered the troops not to use force against protesters under any circumstances .
certainly people were curious to see her .
she s an extraordinary leader of the democratic party and has made history alongside me over the last months .
the credit crunch has strained the financial system as central banks struggle to raise capital .
a leading afghan human rights group is investigating reported use of highly flammable white phosphorus in a recent battle involving us and afghan troops and taliban forces .
three korean executives and nine other foreign workers were kidnapped by armed insurgents at a construction site in southern nigeria early thursday in local time , the ministry of foreign affairs and trade announced .
the vank is a non governmental organization dedicated to providing correct information about korea to foreigners in cyberspace .
the storms continued to grind north through northwestern oklahoma toward kansas for more than minutes .
or groveisle . com .
other officials said at least one bomb apparently had been placed in a car on the street , where bhutto s supporters had gathered to see her convoy pass .
a meeting in uganda decided on the move pending the restoration of democracy and rule of law in the country , a commonwealth statement said .
however , the workers regard themselves as non regular employees of the nation s second biggest automaker and are demanding that kia arrange collective negotiations between them and their subcontractors .
he said the response from readers , many of whom say they lost relatives in wwi , has been overwhelming .
in its petition , the company asked that the union and union officials pay million won , and , won each , respectively , for every day of the strike in compensation for damages caused to the company .
lance cpl . maria lauterbach could give birth at any time , onslow county sheriff ed brown told the jacksonville , north carolina , daily news on monday .
but the first woman to command a shuttle mission added that the crew had experienced mixed feelings
the star ingested one or more of its own planets .
travelers can have their pick of chic , artsy enclaves and four star restaurants , and cactus dotted landscapes rich with the history of the old west and american indian culture .
he said market principles play an important role in the formulation of economic policies under the current administration .
in fact , we don t have an eyepiece for the keck telescope , marcy , an astronomy professor at the university of california , berkeley , said in a telephone interview as he finished up a night of planet hunting .
the rise in the zew institute s monthly confidence index a closely watched indicator for europe s biggest economy defied analysts predictions of a slight decline .
north korea will take steps to shut down its main nuclear reactor within a day of a freeze on its funds being lifted , a us delegation chief has said .
former no . williams ranking will improve from eighth to sixth , while zvonareva moves from ninth to seventh .
the couple have not been charged with any crime and have vehemently denied any wrongdoing .
a world that is greatly out of balance in matters of health is neither stable nor secure , she said in a statement from almaty , kazakhstan , where the report was released .
but power cuts and washed out roads are complicating the aid effort .
nasa also asked members of the public to help in its search for debris , but warned people not to touch the pieces because they might be contaminated with toxic propellants .
the korea herald reports public discussion about redenomination cannot be delayed any longer quoting majority uri party s policy coordinator , lee kye ahn yesterday .
vermont gives obama his th consecutive win and puts mccain delegates closer to clinching the republican nomination .
but a majority of poll respondents percent said gay and lesbian couples should have the legal right to adopt children .
korea plans to provide more than trillion won or . billion in aid to developing countries this year , a huge increase over what it donated last year , a foreign ministry spokesman said yesterday .
we spent a lot of time talking about the six party talks and the progress that is being made in the six party talks , bush said .
therefore , what we see happening in the poles should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere , said mcclintock , who studies the physiology and ecology of aquatic and marine invertebrates in antarctica .
sands said four dogs , the largest weighing nearly pounds , were being quarantined as part of an investigation into the attack .
the many swimming pools and fountains are bone dry .
in the republicans weekly address , iowa senator charles grassley says there s a fundamental flaw in the obama administration s push to increase taxes
beijing , china cnn authorities in southwestern china are reopening their investigation into the death of a teenage girl , following violent demonstrations over how it was handled , state run media reported tuesday .
the upcoming release of spider man raises as many questions as it answers for the web slinging hero and the actor behind him .
tehran , iran cnn iran has reached its long sought goal of running , centrifuges to enrich uranium for its nuclear program , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad announced sunday in a report on state media .
if you only have time for a flying visit , check out the unbelievable ice cream colours of michaelangelo s tomb in santa croce church piazza sta croce
the index rose . percent the day before .
the airbus deal is for the manufacturer s medium sized aircraft , including of its a s and a s .
iran funnels hundreds of millions of dollars each year through the international financial system to terrorists , paulson said .
iraq and saudi arabia play for the championship in jakarta , indonesia , on sunday .
carlos tevez will be available after playing in australia and louis saha is another attacking option for ferguson , who said
workers told thai police who raided one factory in september that if they made a mistake on the shrimp peeling line , asked for sick leave , or tried to escape , they could expect to be beaten , sexually molested , or publicly tortured , according to the report .
they said they received only packets of biscuits and bottles of water .
the best ice creams in paris the best in the world ? come from berthillon rue saint louis en l ile , ile st louis .
.
in a videotaped deposition from iraq played tuesday , saddam sam saleh aboud said he endured beatings at the prison .
russia and iran signed an agreement on nuclear fuel supply deal .
the food will not be allowed into the united states until the importer can prove it is free from harmful contaminants , acheson said .
new orleans mayor ray nagin has issued a desperate sos for thousands of people stranded with no food or water at the city s convention center .
i saw limbs nearly a kilometer from where the suicide bomber detonated , a police officer at
the protesters then resumed their pursuit of the japanese vessel , and dumped foul smelling butyric acid onto the whaling ship s deck , injuring two japanese crew members , according to takahide naruko , the chief of the far seas fisheries division of the fisheries agency .
sen . barack obama in a speech tuesday addressed the controversy surrounding his former minister , using it as an opportunity to challenge americans to take a closer look at race relations .
but the world bank s employee representative group called for wolfowitz to resign during a staff meeting at the bank .
a year old woman suffering from an inoperable brain tumor wants to donate a kidney before she dies and will choose the recipient from among three contestants on dutch national television , a tv network said tuesday , claiming it wants to highlight a crisis in organ donations .
you asked if the prince of wales would be attending the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics in .
earlier this month , china released a blacklist of major online portals and web sites , including google and baidu , that it claims provide and spread pornographic or obscene content .
but he added , i don t think that the president feels any differently about setting a specific timetable for withdrawal .
right wing candidate nicolas sarkozy and socialist segolene royal will face off in a televised debate on may , french tv reported , as high voter turnout on sunday pushed the pair into a runoff election for the french presidency .
a u . s . counterterrorism official told cnn an intelligence community analysis indicates the voice is that of the saudi exile , and that the message appears to contain no specific , credible threat .
but indian law stipulates that a mother must be present in order for a baby to receive a passport .
opening in second place was th century fox s romantic comedy dresses , starring katherine heigl as a perpetual bridesmaid .
blair s decision to back president george w . bush and go to war in iraq sent his popularity plummeting in britain and contributed to his departure after a decade in power .
jos dings of the environmental lobby european federation for transport and environment said the car industry has played an active role in seducing consumers toward more powerful cars .
doctors said abe was being treated for a stomach complaint probably caused by extreme exhaustion and stress .
about , people voted in michigan and about . million in florida .
recent poll ratings saw public support for abe drop to under .
perceptions of japan have changed just as fundamentally .
according to news reports , somali soldiers killed at least two people monday during the protests over rising food prices .
about , babies were born last year , up . percent , or , , from the previous year .
the tornado hit the town of qishi in southern china s guangdong province around noon saturday .
exit polls in west virginia suggest a strong division among democrats .
the member constituent assembly will prepare a new constitution .
lifeguards with bullhorns yelled at surfers to get out of the water at sydney s famous bondi beach .
although kim denied news reports that the two sides could be planning to separate , not many people seem to believe roh and the uri party could go back to their good old days .
i am past the age when i can claim the noun kid . . . but tonight we sure showed them what a comeback looks like , he said .
the tamil tiger rebel group set off a bomb at the entrance of a popular department store in a colombo suburb wednesday evening , killing people and wounding others , the military said .
hard times are chasing some kids away from private schools , making their hard pressed parents enroll them in public schools .
most sword swallowing injuries happen either after another smaller injury when the throat is tender and swollen , or while doing something out of the ordinary , like swallowing multiple swords , said meyer , who went a month without solid food after doing the latter in .
china is involved in a number of operations mining platinum , nickel and chrome ore in south africa .
the olympic games are the most honorable , venerated , and prestigious international sporting events in the world .
a small amount of water containing radioactive substances leaked into the sea , and a fire broke out at the plant in kashiwazaki .
north korea is thought to have prepared a taepodong missile for launch .
the focus of the contest shifted to lake county , home to percent of indiana s population .
congress agreed to bn in further funding on condition us combat troops begin to withdraw this year .
he was just extremely impassive , extremely composed , controlled .
cnn aid workers have launched emergency responses to help people in rugged and poverty stricken central and western afghanistan , enduring what the united nations is describing as the harshest winter in nearly years .
professors join opposition movements to denounce impeachment .
officials said the troops returned because of deteriorating security .
the gangwon province resort town lost by a small margin , , to sochi in the final round of ioc voting .
obama has taken first blood , with democratic party supporters voting abroad in indonesia where obama spent four years of his childhood picking him over clinton .
but the brewer , like disney , now buys health insurance for people whom boycott leader fred phelps sr .
and businesses continue to hemorrhage jobs .
in february , during a rally to support a proposed amnesty for afghans suspected of war crimes , thousands of former fighters shouted death to malalai joya !
president roh opposes probe of election candidates .
roh s aides said the administration had undergone a heated debate before finally reaching the decision to seek an extension .
only time will tell , however , the full impact of this revolution on human society .
cnn a swedish appeals court has fined a kennel owner , , kronor for refusing to sell a puppy to a woman because she is a lesbian , the state news agency said .
with her shoulder length , bleached blond hair and long fingernails painted bright red , the compact year old weight kilograms , height centimeters could have been taken for a date , a mistress , a party girl .
the ability to gather data about nocturnal animals has always been limited , but with gps collars recording data every eight minutes , the researchers learned a lot about zebra behavior at night .
experts predict more lawsuits to come . in the lawsuit filed tuesday in the u . s . district court for the southern district of new york , viacom , owner of mtv and comedy central , said that almost , unauthorized clips of viacom s programming have been available on youtube and that these clips had been viewed more than . billion times .
it is widely believed to be the largest specimen of the rare and mysterious deep water species mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni , or colossal squid , ever caught .
it s a trend well worth watching .
the grandfather of a six year old las vegas boy abducted at gunpoint is set to appear before a federal magistrate in california today .
the deserted island story grossed just , and was pulled from theaters after three weeks .
in seoul , . percent of elementary schoolchildren , . percent of middle school students , and . percent of high school students were calculated to be overweight in .
the dow is now up points .
the korea times reports that lotte world , seoul s largest amusement park , is believed to have ignored a safety review warning about its aging facilities , despite the death of an employee who fell off a roller coaster ride last year .
so the listings are actually positive news . they will help slow the market s rise , but will not stop a long term bull run supported by china s strong economy .
it was probably shot at the whale from a heavy shoulder gun around .
chester styles former girl friend also read from a letter he wrote her from his jail cell
all people walked , men in their dark brown mao style khaki attire and women in baggy pants and nylon shirts with flower decorations .
all but one of the casualties were passengers on the train and bus , police said .
i think he will try to avoid sounding too hawkish at this stage . a hike by the summer is already priced in and bond yields have gone up quite a bit , said hiroshi shiraishi , an economist at lehman brothers .
defense department official criticized the roh administration wednesday for making transfer of wartime command an issue of national sovereignty .
sharp inflation is starting just to ebb
reports say us service personnel have been killed in violence in iraq in the past five days .
doctors are adamantly opposed to the new measures , which they claim are designed to tighten control of the profession , ease barriers to entering the business , and make doctors more accountable for malpractice .
it s almost impossible to have hope for the remaining hostages . which parents can sit still when their child is dying before their eyes ?
he says would shuffle rather than create wealth .
earlier in the day , musharraf s spokesman , information minister tariq azim khan , said on dubai based geo tv that parliamentary elections would be delayed indefinitely .
ri je son , north korea s director general of the general department of atomic energy , sent a letter to the iaea confirming that transfer of the funds was completed as required before the invitation would be extended , according to kcna .
i really like this game , and i want to play a lot .
he said he did not know how long langenhahn , , has been a pilot for us airways but said he is a veteran with the airline .
the attack wounded people and is believed to have been the work of pkk rebels , the source said .
but by then the calls had been reported by other uk media , resulting in more than , messages of complaint to the bbc by wednesday .
the ruling is expected to bring an impact on the traditional drinking culture in companies , which often coerce people into drinking against their will .
i m not sure they have completely solved the problem , but they ve made a big step in that direction , said trinkaus , who was not involved in the research .
the three countries are neighbors , with colombia , a u . s . ally , squeezed between ecuador , to the southwest , and venezuela , to the east .
part of the reason for the increase was to reduce sectarian killings that have spread throughout much of iraq since .
prime minister lee hae chan will not comply with calls from the national assembly .
sarkozy , who supports washington s view , said he backs new sanctions .
judge vladimir usov read the verdict for one hour , while year old pichushkin , standing inside a reinforced glass cage , leaned against the wall and stared at the floor .
he is in the intensive care unit where he has been given assisted ventilation and is experiencing hemodynamic instability .
as myanmar s closest ally and a permanent member of the security council , china is considered key in pushing for change in the southeast asian nation .
they were sold around the world for laptops made by hewlett packard , dell , and toshiba .
romance fraud is a process , often taking place over several months , sluppick said .
china is reportedly urging north korean leader kim jong il to ease off his hard line stance toward the united states , a sign of beijing s impatience with its communist ally s insistence on building nuclear weapons .
an unpublished photograph , being sold by one of moss friends , is expected to sell for pound
jackson , wearing a bright red shirt , smiled and waved to the fans , at one point tossing a small white towel to the crowd below .
the middle east is emerging as a lone bright spot .
prime minister maliki s a good guy good man with a difficult job and i support him , bush said .
the new high speed train service cuts travel time between seoul and pusan by more than one and a half hours to hours and minutes from the previous hours and minutes .
employers slowed the pace of layoffs , cutting , jobs last month
but it acknowledged some cases of voter intimidation and some technical flaws such as a slow counting process and admitted that in some cases the commission s members had acted in a partisan manner , not always observing the neutrality required of an election administration .
bomb experts have helped gather evidence to determine the type and make of a crude bomb that ripped through a packed bus near davao city on the southern island of mindanao on friday , killing people and wounding .
the canadian ship located the first survivor about five miles off the coast of the volcanic island , allan told cnn s american morning .
couch is the latest american to emulate larry walters who in rose three miles above los angeles in a lawn chair lifted by balloons .
the iranian leader was scheduled to arrive in mecca on monday , iranian state media has reported .
during his visit to greece , the pope asked for forgiveness for sins committed against orthodox christians during the , year split between the two traditions .
artist and fashion designer feng ling , a transplant from south china s chengdu , has a studio in and a house in the suburbs .
hogan , one of the top professional wrestlers of the s and s , is featured in the vh reality show hogan knows best .
he also rebuked the leading presidential hopefuls of the party .
attacked the federer backhand relentlessly throughout , ripping forehands up the line for a series of winners .
a restaurant worker says the man grabbed the bird by the neck , hurled it to the ground and started stomping it .
police detained the three men in southern punjab province a center for militancy and took them to karachi for questioning .
a bomb blast shattered windows of a home owned by the director of the human rights ministry s provisional branch in kut about miles south of baghdad injuring several residents early sunday , the official said .
this material may not be published .
disney s merger with cap cities unites entertainment production and distribution operations that complement each other like oil and vinegar .
general motors asia pacific president nick reilly hinted that china will possibly overtake south korea in automobile technology , if the latter neglects investment in auto research and development r d .
about a third of american adults are obese , and millions more are overweight .
cdc investigators are looking into whether tomatoes were culprits there , too .
singer robert plant , , last week hinted that the band were reforming when a fan asked him about the possibility of a performance .
in the nation s capital , security was heightened following recent attempted car bombings in britain .
the ap s jon gambrell says phillip sherman is upset at what was on the phone made it onto the internet
characters from the winnie the pooh story are brightening one of the many vacant homes in the michigan industrial city of flint .
so i figured , operate friday , she ll be out of here monday or tuesday , and then . . .
the search was launched after family members and police could not contact davis .
while mission managers debated fixing the thermal blanket , two astronauts floated outside the international space station monday to begin connecting the orbiting outpost s newest addition
cho spoke about the shootings in the past tense , but it is unclear when the video messages were recorded .
it found the medicine contained almost ml of diethylene glycol per ml .
the kingdom also has been the target of a spate of al qaeda attacks since the invasion of iraq , and the origin of a large share of the islamic militants implicated in suicide bombings in iraq .
formula one is a brilliant idea .
in a page affidavit , federal authorities said wiretaps caught blagojevich conspiring to sell or trade the vacant senate seat in exchange for financial benefits for himself and his wife , patti .
it was six minutes , seconds , and john singing very drunk and with john ad libbing his own lyrics into the song so it s actually a fun song to listen to , barrett said .
schaech filed for divorce december , .
u . n . envoy paulo sergio pinheiro told cnn international the council will be in a very strong position to convince the myanmar government . . . to receive me after passing a resolution on tuesday condemning the violent repression of pro democracy protests .
the statement did not say what constituted a serious situation , although china has long threatened to take military action against taiwan if it declares formal independence or indefinitely delays unifying with china .
one senior u . s . military official said it is rare to send military flights on such a mission , considering the sensitive nature of the united states role in the middle east .
time to dream of mom s pumpkin pie and tear out your hair .
and john , he says officials are working swiftly to do just that .
during the three hour test that began at a . m . , police boats from the navies of the two koreas used a joint radio frequency .
suu kyi s party reacted cautiously , noting the lack of detail on how the referendum would be carried out .
an interpreter was brought to the scene and determined the group was detaining a man they said was wanted for killing his wife in new zealand , police said .
listen to this from our bryant thomas
it may shift its policy focus to downside risks for the economy from inflation soon , they said .
nearby , the important library of the religious affairs ministry , home to invaluable religious texts , also was looted and completely gutted by fire .
police sergeant ed wessing says the gunman opened fire on officers responding to calls about the shooting
it held a conference this month about the potato being the food of the future .
it s not what you expect , a bunch of trees knocked down and charred , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to reporters . it s just a big muddy hole , like many others out there .
a support group for sexual abuse victims has condemned a decision by the vatican to choose cardinal bernard law to lead a mass for pope john paul ii .
the spirit that is in me is the same spirit that was in jesus of nazareth , de jesus says .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon issued a statement through his spokesman expressing grave concern over the attack and continued fighting .
tim romans , , also was found dead wednesday afternoon in romero s home , where he rented a room , kpho said .
japan s leading toilet maker toto ltd . is offering free repairs for , bidet toilets after wiring problems caused several to catch fire , the company said monday .
hansamm allows students a two night leave every three weeks .
a los angeles hair restoration surgeon says bald people have more trouble finding work .
the roh uri discord has intensified since roh proposed to hold a meeting with governing and opposition party leaders to deal with issues that included his nomination of chon hyo suk as chief of the constitutional court and long stalled bills in the national assembly .
there will be more speculation zones in the city of uiwang and parts of daejeon city .
howard wolfson , clinton s communication director , said the new york senator is in until the very end .
west virginia is making a decision that has far reaching consequences to send a message to people what you expect from your next president , she said at a stop in clear fork , west virginia .
we haven t heard of anything
the media regulator said the radio show s hosts made sexually suggestive remarks about how fast the bras were removed , as well as the color , design and cup size of the bras , and the size of the girls breasts .
but still , there is something different , something unexpected from one of the biggest rock bands of the past few decades .
security is tight ahead of bush s scheduled arrival on wednesday .
mukherjee , however , ruled out the possibility of a joint investigation .
park sang cheon , one of the heads of the moderate unified democratic party , tried to stop the exodus .
asked about the latest case , south korean foreign minister song min soon said the wishes of the four should be upheld .
i don t pay attention to that , the year old singer tells ebony magazine .
we ll do the same program , we ll dedicate it to his memory and that will be our opening concert . and please , by the way , can you get us another conductor ?
passengers must submit the same information that is currently required in the i immigration form .
forget oil and land , water is where the most intractable disputes will arise in the near future .
at first it was thought the year old had died from a heart attack .
wang jiarui , head of the chinese communist party s international liaison department , visited pyongyang on wednesday to press kim on the nuclear issue .
yu sin kang , a chinese citizen living legally in the united states , admitted serving as an intermediary for the delivery of classified information from agent tai shen kuo to the chinese government .
the day before a meeting of their presidents , south korea s foreign minister ban ki moon and u . s secretary of state condoleezza rice agreed in principle yesterday to set up regular foreign ministers meetings to increase their policy coordination .
the globes are scheduled to be awarded january , , at the beverly hilton in beverly hills , california .
dodd , who abandoned his bid last month , is the first democratic campaign drop out to endorse another candidate .
alkatiri has faced mounting criticism for failing to control a wave of recent violence .
the australian government apologized wednesday for years of mistreatment that inflicted profound grief , suffering and loss on the country s aboriginal people .
calling it our king tut s tomb , thousands of people watched as a plymouth belvedere was pulled from the ground where it had been buried for years as a time capsule of american midwest culture .
the toy consists of hundreds of brightly coloured beads that can be arranged into a piece of art and sprayed with water to set .
police in new york are investigating mysterious white powder that s turning up in mailrooms of big financial companies .
the poll s margin of error is plus or minus percentage points .
that would prevent him from defending his meter title at the beijing olympics this august .
by placing his hand on the same bible that abraham lincoln used during the inauguration of .
men who did brisk walking at a moderate pace of at least mph for at least a half hour daily were percent less likely to develop heart disease than those who did not .
a hospital statement said his condition was not due to drug addiction , but his return to a hospital was a reminder of the repeated health problems many of them drug related
erakat told cnn his team is open to discussing land swaps , meaning that if israel takes parts of the west bank , then the palestinian authority could take parts of israel for a future state .
the shoes thrown last week at u . s . president george w . bush have provided an unexpected windfall for the shoemaker who made them .
the second half was only three minutes old when vucinic rifled home a shot from outside the penalty area which left petr cech clutching at fresh air .
twelve soldiers from nato s force in kosovo , or kfor , were also hurt , ivanko said .
despite the widespread use of computers to tally the votes , the electoral council did not release results for more than nine hours after polls closed .
four of the ships sank in the kerch strait , which connects the black sea and azov sea and separates russia from ukraine s crimean peninsula .
meanwhile , marilson gomes dos santos of brazil won the men s race for the second time in three years , overtaking morocco s abderrahim goumri in the final km to win in
insurgents took witnesses to the bodies in ramadi .
cnn southwest airlines was inspecting planes wednesday after an ambiguity related to required testing was found during a review of records , the airline said .
it makes people more curious about her the opposite of zane s intent .
. the u . s . consulate could not immediately confirm that .
they said the improving conditions would be impossible without troops ensuring a secure environment for aid workers and local residents .
a number of european nations and congressional republicans have been critical of the administration s stimulus plans , which are running in the trillions of dollars .
this must be the other major objective for the ioc in the next few years . rogge defended his performance as ioc chief saying
stephens said the world bank would assist asean by teaming up with officials who had experience in reconstruction efforts from the earthquake and tsunami in indonesia s banda aceh .
grylls , , is the host of discovery s man vs . wild in which he demonstrates extreme measures
way talks recess for weeks .
the united states has about , troops in afghanistan , including some , serving in the nato led force , which totals roughly , troops .
presidential office spokesman lee dong kwan said the president believed that pyongyang should move away from its outdated ways , actions and attitudes to hold a sincere dialogue with the south .
this is the first time in years that a party in power has increased its votes for a second term , erdogan told thousands of jubilant supporters outside his party s plush new headquarters in the capital ankara where fireworks lit the sky .
more layoffs at caterpillar another additional jobs cut at three plants in illinois
regionalism was manifest again as the southwestern jeolla region , the birthplace of former president kim dae jung , threw blanket support to non gnp candidates , while in the southeastern gyeongsang provinces , conservatives won clear victories .
ex illness has curtailed her sporting activities .
north korea had asked for a further days , beyond saturday , to close its only operational reactor , yongbyon , richardson said .
then , we will buy from france anti tank milan missiles worth million euros million , i think .
but israel , which provides of gaza s power , says the territory still has sufficient fuel stocks .
the queen has indicated informally that she plans to keep the job for life
wanted volunteers willing to take their clothes off and have their picture taken on a freezing cold alpine glacier .
most researchers had anticipated the complete disappearance of the arctic ice pack during summer months would happen after the year , he said , but now , losing summer sea ice cover by is not unreasonable .
so why does the film style affect some viewers and not others ?
deputy heads and other delegation members of the six participating countries gathered again yesterday and tackled the first draft , presented on saturday by host country china .
in its reporting of the temple incident , china s official news agency , xinhua , said the monks stormed into a briefing by a temple administrator to cause chaos .
the woman sitting across from me was estranged from her daughter .
the newspaper also described him as an outspoken advocate of renewing suicide bombings against israel .
the agency announced six days later , on monday , that north korea had conducted a test , causing roh to say he might rethink the administration s conciliatory policy toward the north .
the dow took a hit first thing this morning , and it s trading below the , level for the first time since late .
the government is unlikely to abolish capital punishment despite the national human rights commission s recommendation to do so .
the voice from the u . s . ship states that it is operating in international waters .
they both owe their reputations to hillary .
she has called the sentence unfair , and her fans have posted a petition on the internet urging gov . arnold schwarzenegger to pardon her .
job cuts announced by u . s . employers rose to , in october from , in september according to outplacement firm challenger , gray christmas .
introduced by actor robert deniro , he told the crowd , sometimes the underdog pulls it out .
economic revival is our most urgent task , lee said in his inauguration speech .
he was just dropping off people after a party when he was stopped in downtown stockholm driving a golf cart .
police spokeswoman calisse lindsey said when officers arrived on the scene after receiving the call at a . m . pt , they found lohan driving the vehicle allegedly chasing the woman who called .
police spokeswoman edda noethel said the break in at bennigsen manor near the city of hannover occurred on friday evening .
marseille had beaten every english team to have played at the velodrome , including liverpool in the uefa cup in .
according to the associated press , only two other primary states were as racially polarized neighboring alabama , and clinton s former home state of arkansas .
defense lawyers say moussaoui s life should be spared because of his limited role in the attacks , evidence of mental illness , and because his execution would only fulfill his dream of martyrdom .
in an interview , zimbabwe s information minister claimed canberra was financing terrorist activities by channeling claimed aid groups .
there are a number of good therapies that people can use , that encompass physical , spiritual and emotional components .
she had left a note at her home saying she was going for a walk with him . pichushkin said he had been aware of the note but killed her anyway .
baur s children said they honored his request to bury him in one of the cans by placing part of his cremated remains in a pringles container in his grave in suburban springfield township .
the senator from arizona used cinco de mayo as a launching pad for a new spanish language web site on monday , and he emphasized his stance on immigration and border security as he tried to court the hispanic vote .
it takes an age before johnny depp shows his face in pirates of the caribbean
plame was very disappointed and planned to appeal , her lawyer said .
in particular , washington is moving to restore the list of sanctions that were lifted during the clinton administration , sources said .
the year old former president went to the hospital late last week after complaining of prolonged chest pain and shortness of breath .
it s been brilliant , said star daniel radcliffe . it s also , i think , the funniest of the films so far .
the tech fueled nasdaq composite charts gained . percent and carved out a new record , closing at its highest point since feb . .
we strongly condemn as the palestinian leadership and in the name of president abu mazen mahmoud abbas .
if the clumps were farther from saturn , they might aggregate even more to make a moon but because they are so close to the massive planet , they get stretched apart .
western diplomats have argued that splitting kosovo in two could revive insurgencies among ethnic albanians in serbia s southern presevo valley and neighboring macedonia .
and if the statistics are correct , i believe there should be more emphasis on geography .
but the german automaker , which will be renamed simply daimler , will not actually get most of the money that cerberus is paying for the once proud automaker .
but under intense cross examination , he never strayed from the gist of his original call to a emergency operator .
a stronger won against the dollar makes korean exports more expensive and could take the steam out of them .
no details of the meeting on tuesday in the junta s remote new capital , naypyitaw , were available .
claiming the afghan government and south korean diplomats have not done their best to save the hostages , ahmadi warned them not to waste more time .
the tutorial instructs viewers in the production of various forms of homemade explosives
kasuri also said using pakistani rather than u . s . troops will result in far , far less collateral damage .
another parties fielded candidates in the race .
two prominent supporters of hillary clinton suggested thursday the new york senator needs to best rival barack obama in the total popular vote to have any chance at winning her party s presidential nomination .
the accolade caps a hugely successful year for the year old , that saw him win the european , world and olympic events .
financial regulatory reform will be one of the top legislative priorities of my administration , obama said .
his father ronald darwin , , in comments reported by the uk s press association , said that he always believed his son would turn up .
the focus intensified wednesday when the british government and other allies announced plans to start withdrawing forces from iraq , leaving howard to explain why he is not doing the same .
uefa spokesman william gaillard acknowledged liverpool s concerns but said they had no choice .
the debate , sponsored by cnn , the los angeles times and politico . com , took place at the reagan presidential library .
tell them to do something to get us released , she said in an interview carried out in the presence of the taliban militants holding her captive .
and i think that may be right .
earlier , the air force had told cnn that it did not have flights in the air at the time .
the lebanese prime minister has called for an immediate ceasefire between israel and hezbollah militants , saying his country has been torn to shreds .
fatima bhutto was estranged from her aunt and had not spoken to her since benazir bhutto returned to the nation for pakistani elections .
voters were picking members of the scottish parliament and the welsh national assembly , while more than , seats on local government councils across england are also up for grabs .
winning four times here is unimaginable , said nadal , who matches anthony wilding of new zealand in claiming four successive titles here .
he worried that his two sons would be seized by russian troops during the loathed mopping up operations conducted in chechen villages during the hunt for suspected rebels .
one of the largest ever found was reported stolen in september from a secured vault in south el monte in los angeles county .
students at the mosque and its attached religious schools have waged a campaign for months pressing for sharia law .
london , england cnn london s royal botanical gardens rbg at kew recently opened a new attraction which gives visitors the chance to walk among the treetops and examine tree canopies from a new perspective .
bosnian muslim officials and some analysts criticized the indictment of retired general rasim delic as an attempt to distribute guilt in the three cornered war equally but unfairly among serbs , croats and muslims .
the hostage issue will also be on the agenda .
using spectrometers on the telescopes to spread the light into its component colors , the team detected three spectral features , called absorption lines , that together are definitive fingerprints of methane .
the santa cruz boardwalk itself was born in , and it has survived even as similar attractions like toledo beach on lake erie in lasalle township , michigan , and the original myrtle beach pavilion in south carolina have gone under .
a bit of a surprise here
richardson was secretary of energy under the clinton administration , a post that helped bring him to national prominence and win the governorship of new mexico in .
yohanan left off facial features because he wanted to exclusively study how people respond to the creature through touch .
russian media reported that bessmertnova had kidney trouble .
because it s deeper it provides us access to just a much longer span of time , said steve squyres , the principal investigator of the mars exploration rover mission from cornell university in ithaca , new york .
the dinner menu at the secluded presidential retreat in maryland ? texas black angus beef tenderloin .
cambodia s first rock opera hopes its stage will be a bridge
the bill clinton foundation has just disclosed tens of millions of dollars in foreign government donations
current account , the broadest measure of trade with other countries , includes all goods and services as well as capital transactions and non business transfers such as donations and aid .
das denied the allegations against him were true .
a speed bike in good condition was later found in a trash bin not far from the scene . police said they were trying to determine if it was the bicycle seen in the video .
the russian leader , whom critics accuse of undermining political and media freedoms during his eight years in office , has said he would consider taking the post of prime minister if his party won a landslide victory .
but gen . george casey , the chief of staff of the army , told a congressional committee in september that the extended deployments are not sustainable and had left the service out of balance .
the host country , france , has set a goal of raising between billion and billion to help afghanistan s reconstruction efforts .
the taliban has refuted reports that it wants money in return for the hostages .
however , a statement on the venezuelan government s web site from earlier friday said the colombian government had not allowed venezuela to participate in the dna testing .
as a santa claus , i was very sad to see the children frustrated , he said , according to the agencia estado news service . they were expecting santa to arrive by helicopter and that didn t happen .
the web page contained photographs of the u . s . school shooting and links to web pages celebrating the massacre , laggies said .
the absolute priority is to try to give effect to what is now the consensus across the international community that the only way of bringing stability and peace to the middle east is a two state solution .
anti abortion demonstrators promise more protests today at notre dame , where president barack obama , who supports abortion rights , will receive an honorary degree from that catholic college , and deliver the commencement address .
nichols could now face the death penalty .
the us reports cases , all of relatively mild disease , in the san diego area as well as in san antonio , texas .
the two candidates are separated by less than delegates , cnn estimates , with obama currently leading clinton , to , .
merckle s family had already reported him missing earlier in the day after he walked out of the house and did not return .
protesters from media rights group reporters without borders broke through the cordon of , police officers in olympia as china s envoy spoke .
hadley , who had been battling personal problems , shot himself with an air rifle july at his home in clinton corners , miles north of new york city . state police said he was found unconscious on his bedroom floor .
many agree that the trend has had a particularly strong influence on young women in some cases , taking shape as an unapologetic embracing of sexuality and exhibitionism .
the territory has been under u . n . administration since the end of the nato bombing campaign that halted milosevic s campaign of ethnic cleansing against the albanians , who make up about percent of kosovo s million people .
the protesters later joined the anti impeachment candlelight vigil .
the city captured , cats last year , up from , in , most of which the city euthanized .
school officials said the standards and curriculum for the school would be in line with other schools in the district .
so far , beijing has begun shutting down blast furnaces in the city s biggest steel company to improve air quality .
it won elections in january and formed a government .
in la crosse , wisconsin , a year old boy recently was charged with child pornography , sexual exploitation of a child and defamation for allegedly posting nude photos of his year old ex girlfriend on his myspace page .
about a dozen islamic militant groups began fighting in to separate the jammu kashmir region from india and join it to neighboring pakistan or create an independent state .
the merged company says there s no increased monthly cost , and no need to buy a new receiver .
cholera is a bacterial ailment that affects the intestinal tract and is usually contracted by consuming contaminated water .
rita foley , washington .
it is ludicrous , gerry mccann , accompanied by his wife , kate , told spain s antena television station in their first tv interview since being named suspects in the case in september .
clinton is aiming for those critical victories that could help her recover in both the delegate count and the fight for political momentum .
alaska s investigation into whether sarah palin abused her power as governor , by firing the state s public safety commissioner , has run into resistance .
steger added , we had some reason to believe the shooter had left campus .
stiles , , whose last known address was las vegas , nevada , is also wanted on an unrelated state warrant on a charge of lewdness with a minor younger than and a federal charge of being a fugitive , demeo said , according to ap .
north korea s official korean central news agency yesterday confirmed the working level dialogue , saying pyongyang remains committed to the improvement of north south relations .
the numbers are going to be such that it would be unconscionable to think that you could screen and put two million people through a magnetometer .
these biological tendencies clash with early morning high school schedules , leaving them sleepy in class .
huang li s swim is at least the second time in recent months that a child athlete has drawn media attention .
diana s car as vicious and repellent and said they repeatedly insulted him and argued with each other , one being overheard saying to another it s your fault .
juppe said he would offer his resignation .
the korea development institute forecasted gloomy outlook for south korea .
the teams would play a full game schedule and compete for the nba championship .
and for people out of luck on powerball , there is another giant lottery jackpot out there .
as part of a february deal agreed upon during six party talks aimed at north korea s denuclearization , however , the funds were freed .
brownback , an extreme reactionary , is not expected to get much support within the us congress for his resolution .
u . s . state department sean mccormack on wednesday called the prevention of roth from traveling to russia a very unfortunate incident .
frozen credit markets and a loss of confidence have brought the dow down over the last days of trading .
indonesia s highest court overturned the decision of two lower courts and ruled that the time article , published in , defamed the former dictator .
he sustained serious injuries in the august , crash and testified that he received anonymous phone calls and letters after the accident , threatening him to keep quiet .
most christians believe jesus body spent three days at the site of the church of the holy sepulcher in jerusalem s old city .
the torch relay began with an aboriginal welcome ceremony and aboriginal youth leader tania major was the first of torchbearers carrying the flame on its km mile journey around the australian capital .
sudan is accused of retaliating by unleashing arab militias known as the janjaweed and responsible for much of the violence .
the joong ang ilbo reports his remark seems to mean he has already backed away from his three point flagship pledge percent economic growth , per capita income of , and becoming the th largest economy in years .
we must not turn a deaf ear to their cries , bush said of those who have taken to the streets for democracy in the southeast asian nation .
north and south korea will hold talks after month interregnal .
new york cnn a public school in new york that will teach arabic language and culture opened tuesday amid accusations that it will impose a radical islamist agenda in its classrooms .
in washington , australian mitchell colton says he came from half a world away to experience the event
an anti war protest outside the british embassy in bahrain spilled over into clashes with police for a second day .
the attack happened near the main government complex in baquba , on a street that was sealed off by security officials last week .
korea s higher education tops among oecd nations .
even before all of the leaders had arrived , the us had flatly refused to sign up to a binding deal on slashing greenhouse gases , a key summit goal .
of those who voted for barack obama , percent said they would be satisfied if hillary clinton was the nominee , according to the exit polls .
mr . musharraf cannot afford to hold free and fair elections because if he does that , he loses very badly , said former pakistani premier and opposition leader nawaz sharif .
there must be a commitment in this country for equal education for all american young people .
beijing , china cnn a father tied his year old daughter s hands and feet and watched her swim in a chilly southern china river for three hours in a task he said thursday would help the girl achieve her dream of swimming across the english channel .
speakers at the rally , and at a second demonstration in glasgow , scotland , also voiced fears the united states and britain could take military action against iran over its contentious nuclear program .
if you frequently have access to available computers , this approach can work and boost your green credentials .
the korea times says the ruling uri party is moving to jump start its stalled drive to do away with the nation s anti communist law , which carries harsh penalties for expressing sympathy with north korea .
we want something escapist , upbeat . . . shows that take you out of the world of osama bin laden , and politicians throwing mud at each other , and katrina .
in , violet launched the best selling nabaztag , a screenless , wifi enabled bunny , born again with voice recognition and rfid awareness in .
the philippines decided to withdraw troops in iraq to save a filipino s life .
the onsite restaurant provides hearty meals , with fruit and vegetables drawn from rivers own organic gardens .
there were delays in the voting as well .
officials from both sides said the negotiations have centered around the creation of the post of prime minister .
the dow jones index staged its biggest election day rally ever , rising . points , or . percent , to close at , . .
instead , for the past eight months , she and her son have been living in an apartment above a methodist church on chicago s west side .
lin wood said he had been retained by howard k . stern , who is one of three men claiming to be the father of the starlet s infant daughter .
the dow jones industrial s now down points , about and a half percent .
north korea . . . faces a dire food shortage , u . n . world food program spokesman paul risley said at a bangkok , thailand , news conference . because of high global food prices it will be very difficult for the government of dprk to purchase food on global markets to make up the difference .
an unnamed senior north korean diplomat told interfax on wednesday that washington s request was out of the scope of what pyongyang could accept .
i m very happy i won because i think i was controlling it pretty well until the middle of the second set , moya told reporters .
things will get worse in the first half of next year , said kwon hyuk boo who has been closely watching the government s property policies and its impact on the overall economy at daishin economic research institute .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi officials monday condemned the weekend killings of eight civilians during a baghdad street battle involving american security contractors and said they would shut down blackwater , the company involved .
the increase in human population despite daily deaths in the fighting has combined with overgrazing of livestock and lack of money for conservation and reforestation .
tung reiterated assurances his government will continue to take active steps to maintain and safeguard rights and freedoms .
one way of overcoming these difficulties is to measure human capital by looking at wages .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
they ruin morale , corrode loyalty , and cause tremendous pain to employees who , through no fault of their own , find themselves out of work .
until they quickly weren t . so what s the looming trend this fall ?
as well as cheney , those named in the case were karl rove , a senior adviser to president george w bush , former deputy secretary of state richard armitage and former white house aide lewis scooter libby .
israel s military chief thursday ordered his forces to take the necessary steps to protect the country s border with lebanon .
speaking to reporters on her way to berlin , rice said the president has clearly articulated u . s . policy .
pakistan s armed forces killed at least militants in north waziristan on monday , two days after president bush said he was troubled by reports al qaeda was gaining strength in pakistani tribal areas .
the loya jirga is a representative process although it is not considered fully democratic .
and the government has decided to take it back .
in the studies of people in love , we didn t find activity in either , according to dr . fisher , an anthropologist and author of why we love the nature and chemistry of romantic love .
these houses just went up on fire .
president bush on thursday said serious and complex challenges remain in iraq that will prevent further withdrawals of u . s . troops this summer despite a reduction in violence in the past year .
he is the fourth of children born to osama s first wife , and he is one of children osama has fathered .
copts have a long history in egypt tradition says st . mark brought christianity to egypt just a few years after the death of christ .
the round of negotiations that freed the medics began over the weekend and involved european union commissioner for foreign affairs , benita ferrero waldner , chief french presidential aide claude gueant and french first lady cecilia sarkozy .
the results come as obama is poised to take a majority of the pledged delegates after voters weigh in tuesday in kentucky and oregon .
the gnp claims that last week s interview with hankyoreh , the nation s liberal minded newspaper , once again borders on illegal campaigning .
a senior political source in jerusalem told haaretz that israel was incensed by reports that the suspects had been freed last week .
it s that washington has become a place where good ideas go to die , he said .
both catholic holidays centering on the virgin mary .
in response , an iaea inspection team arrived in korea on aug .
the war in iraq has been the defining foreign policy issue of blair s premiership , and the decision to join the u . s . led invasion was an unpopular one at home .
in a statement released to the media , clooney said this is the first i ve heard of it . and while i very much believe in a patients right to privacy , i would hope that this could be settled without suspending medical workers .
the earth observatory online library stretches back to , providing a graphic snapshot of how nature and man create changes on the surface of the planet .
the , foot mount bulusan volcano has been showing signs of unrest with on and off ash and steam explosions since march .
a new report says consumer confidence soared in april , amid signs the economy is starting to stabilize .
those talks ended when musharraf imposed a state of emergency on nov . .
a museum in seoul satisfies the appetites of those curious to know where it came from and how it evolved .
the u . s . state department has also warned people traveling to thailand to exercise caution , especially in locations where westerners congregate .
personnel cuts would be negotiated with the papers unions , hunke said .
water on the second planet is probably frozen .
however , bush is expected to condition his plans and also further troop cuts on continued progress in iraq .
in a statement , toyota said it cut its group operating forecast to a loss of up to billion . billion for the year to end march , after shocking financial markets last month by slashing its group operating profit forecast by trillion to billion .
north korea asked seoul for , ton s of rice aid at talks last month . the comments came a day after top asian diplomats voiced doubt that pyongyang would meet the april th deadline .
the venezuelan is not going to stop drinking or smoking , said one person .
not joking here , more than a dozen people outraged by the arrest of illinois governor rod blagojevich who put up the state s vacant senate seat for bids
although he said he didn t know when the worst of housing s problems will pass , he suggested there will still be strains in the months ahead .
public support for the war in iraq has fallen to a new low .
these artifacts underscore the very personal dimension to this catastrophe , said richard hirschhaut , the executive director of the skokie based illinois holocaust museum and education center , where the exhibit will be housed next year when the museum opens .
the opening bell still sounds perky bell ringing , but the stock market is hurting again so far today .
first , a memoir detailing his experiences as a hollywood producer , bitter hollywood tales from the front line .
new safety policies and procedures have been announced by toy giant mattel , following the recall of millions of toys made in china .
then was the winter of their discontent
monitors use content filters that highlight and sometimes block messages containing words such as democracy .
much of it falls within the , acre morne trois pitons national park .
a top official said japan was seeking advances on both the abduction and nuclear issues .
she first went online in the late s .
though the iphone g is thinner at the edges than its predecessor , the phone measures a hair thicker . inches versus . inches in the gut .
south korean president roh moo hyun and his u . s . counterpart george w . bush agreed during a telephone conversation that they were now at a starting point to kick start the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue , roh s office said in a statement on thursday .
thaksin , who was prime minister in , has insisted he has no interest in returning to politics and has said he plans to devote himself to charity work , sports and his family .
i didn t want to go around the rest of my life being a half baked alaskan .
earlier in the day , seven survivors were pulled from beneath chunks of concrete , khoudi said .
nasheed s government has said that it has broached the idea with several countries and found them to be receptive .
english farmhouse cheeses accompanied the salad course .
jett s death was mourned by the staff and residents of west end , where the travoltas were beloved members of the community , obie wilchcomb , former minister of tourism for the bahamas , told cnn s larry king .
the misses proved costly as germany went in front thanks to a meter strike from new boy pander .
it s a matter of whether or not we can keep from that job loss being as severe as it could be .
political analysts says proposed legislation before the chambers and mugabe s national plans could increase uncertainties about zimbabwe s future .
several weeks ago , israel reduced the fuel supply as a pressure tactic .
north korea s record with capitalism is abysmal .
it was probable that a fuel tank was punctured on impact and to me it looks very similar to the manchester airport crash in that showed a burn pattern across the top cabin .
christie s reported jewelry sales of million for the first half of , calling it the best jewelry season ever seen at auction .
earlier this month , esfandiari was locked up in tehran s evin prison , which houses many iranian dissidents and political prisoners .
this wheel will keep on turning day and night and protect his followers from harm .
new delhi cnn an indian car manufacturer unveiled its much anticipated , people s car on thursday a four wheel passenger vehicle which it hopes will provide a much needed transportation option for the poor .
also , iraq is an arab country , the majority are arabs , but this also will not justify for the arab countries to interfere in iraq .
one of them bae hyung kyu , , a pastor at the church attended by the hostages and the leader of their group was shot and killed .
at least two people died and others were injured when typhoon saomai struck with winds of more than km h mph , state news agency xinhua said .
atlanta , georgia cnn the directors of delta air lines and northwest airlines reached agreement on a merger deal that if approved would create the world s largest airline .
bin laden s most recent video appearance came days before the presidential vote and was widely credited with giving a boost to president bush s re election campaign .
but st . augustine is the nation s oldest city , and its nd birthday celebration is scheduled for august september , including historical re enactments , entertainment , and yes , a thanksgiving feast .
while out of paris grim lasante prison , kerviel will be under judicial control , cnn s jim bittermann said before his release .
the beijing backed democratic alliance for the betterment and progress of hong kong won out of seats , nearly double the seats it won in the last elections .
the jackpot for the multi state lottery starts over at million dollars for wednesday night s drawing .
tadic asked the u . n . security council to annul the declaration of independence .
but when the sun comes out to stay locals say it comes around the fourth of july and stays till around halloween portland blossoms and easily assumes its sweet scented moniker , the city of roses .
lawmakers are due to vote later this year on blair s recommendation to replace britain s four nuclear powered submarines , which are each capable of carrying up to nuclear armed trident missiles and expected to end their operational life by .
london , england cnn it is one of the most hotly anticipated movies of the year and after years of feverish speculation , sex and the city the movie , premieres in london monday night .
the capsule arrived after a more than three hour return trip from the orbital station , carrying space tourist charles simonyi , russian cosmonaut mikhail tyurin , and american astronaut michael lopez alegria , according to a spokesman at mission control outside moscow .
there is a certain element of wanting to set things right according to some universal truth an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . but when revenge is acted out on the other person and not just fantasized about , it can be quite destructive and self defeating .
it the train toppled degrees to one side and then all the way to the other side , a passenger named zhang was quoted in xinhua . when it finally went off the tracks , many people fell on me and hot water poured out of their thermos flasks .
patrick s day gift for the owner of the pittsburgh steelers
in the age of turbulence
after living together for four years and helping each other through everything from boyfriends to bad hair days , her best friend just disappeared .
government officials complain that the networks flout regulations requiring them to warn viewers about racy content .
it is an unsettling performance , and one of the film s many highlights .
israeli forces raided refugee camps in gaza strip .
another cold front is expected to sweep through china in the coming week , but is expected to be short and relatively mild .
more than six months later , with the president preparing to testify before a grand jury , mrs .
while chelsea earlier reclaimed second place after a win over visiting middlesbrough , liverpool moved five points clear of its neighbor through fernando torres th goal of the season .
the ruling uri party says it plans to revise the broadcast act to dispense stronger punishment to broadcasting stations that disobey already draconian regulations .
i couldn t make a movie with hate or malice . there is none in this movie .
the afghan defense ministry said the clash and airstrikes in sangin killed suspected taliban , including a group leader identified as mullah younus .
the festival was created in when a group of friends , inspired by tropfest in australia , conceived the idea in a pub in soho over a few pints of beer .
but i think this goes too far , and i think it has made the mccain campaign look a little narrow . it s not what the american people are looking for , he said .
they earn less than one american dollar a day .
the ultimatum follows gusmao s request for alkatiri quit , saying he had lost confidence in him .
during sunday s meeting , he said al maliki clearly mentioned that this excessive force . . . by the multi national forces used against civilians is not creating a good atmosphere .
rosenker said nothing significant was discovered on the south side of the bridge , and attention
after about minutes indian police arrived and detained the protesters .
they caught two males and one female , said sharon gursky doyen , a texas a m university anthropology professor who led the expedition .
a record that remained intact under jose mourinho and avram grant .
true , the silicon valley company has millions of people telling it daily what s apparently on their minds via simple web searches , generating mountains of information about consumer behavior .
in , tourists spent . billion yuan . billion in the same period , the official xinhua news agency said .
in the paperwork for the order , shipman said that nowak had been stalking her for the past two months .
events in washington are expected before and after the summit .
nepalis are slated to vote for the constituent assembly , thereby ending the year old monarchy and preparing the ground
well , they said the same thing about me when i started running in new york .
north koreans usually wear two badges , honoring the country s present and past leaders , kim and his father , kim il sung .
in a statement relayed by his aide hazem al aaraji , he said he wants everyone to pursue political solutions and peaceful protests and a stop to the shedding of iraqi blood .
th body found in house hit by jet in san diego
kara goucher , on her marathon debut , took third , becoming the first american to make the podium since anne marie letko finished third in .
roosevelt hospital said it had received four passengers who were being treated for hypothermia , but had no further injures .
we are trying to send a message to the military junta that we are watching from the sky , aung din , policy director for the interest group u . s . campaign for burma , said friday at a briefing on the photos .
the research from the royal society for the protection of birds indicates bad news for the tristan albatross , whose only home is gough island in the middle of the south atlantic .
he was declared dead by a coroner in , months after his disappearance in march .
significant failings at all levels contributed to infections of more than , patients at three hospitals , the healthcare commission said thursday .
not surprisingly , american fans believe its spiritual home is in new york and that it should be seen there first .
but considering we were facing expulsion i think this is a victory , certainly a broader victory for the students at ryerson .
eu s movement to take korean bill wto is unreasonable .
i told the president elect he can count on complete cooperation from my administration as he makes the transition to the white house .
world leaders and lebanese politicians have condemned the bomb attack that killed an anti syrian lebanese mp in a mainly christian suburb of beirut .
in mission control at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , they celebrated the lander s much anticipated entry .
united nations secretary general ban ki moon said the junta s decision was regrettable .
the two met when garces williams worked as a nanny for williams son zachary , whom he had with his previous wife , valerie valardi .
side effects from the cancer fighting drug gefitinib have resulted in deaths in japan .
back in new york , the nasdaq and s p were following the dow down with slides of about four percent .
critics say that would just be throwing good money after bad , but ford s ceo alan mulally tells the cbs early show , detroit is correcting its past mistakes .
the opponents have contended that the envisioned regulatory body will pose a threat to the independence of broadcasting networks .
prosecutor general choung sang myoung also expressed regret over lee s comments , aggravating the prosecution s touchy relationship with judges that started with last month s arrest of a seoul high court senior judge involved in a bribery scandal .
mccain is calling on alaska senator ted stevens to resign .
the news conference format was a far cry from a ceremony whose star wattage would have been powered by the likes of julia roberts , tom hanks , george clooney , denzel washington , blanchett , johnny depp and angelina jolie , who all had acting nominations .
the case is reminiscent of the so called seoul freezer babies story , which made headlines in france last year .
the three are oh ji cheol from the korea national tourism organization , jeong sun gyun of the korea broadcasting advertising corporation and shin hyun taek , from the seoul arts center , according to the ministry of culture , sports and tourism , which oversees these government owned corporations .
testosterone to me is so important for a sense of well being when you get older , stallone says .
our warren levinson is watching the stock numbers go up , despite all the consumer pessimism and other gloomy economic news .
such is the worldwide growth in demand for water , which is doubling every years , that output from new water supplies will be unable to keep pace .
shareholders must approve the deal , which is expected to close by the end of june .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
here are some of the city s seasonal highlights .
manchester united winger ryan giggs has signed a contract extension which ties him to the club until the end of june .
norm ornstein of the american enterprise institute and mike tanner of the cato institute on president obama s shot in the arm plan
a government source said yesterday that kim s special train he does not fly is still in north korea . a north korean television station said kim was visiting factories in sinuiju , a city on the border with communist china .
the move was proposed by democratic senator jim webb , a decorated vietnam veteran and former navy secretary .
taliban spokesman yousaf ahamdi said that the series of killings will continue until their demands for an exchange of afghan held prisoners for the hostages are met , as he set the th deadline .
we ll get a fresh read this hour on consumer confidence this month .
the show was expected to sell out throughout the weekend .
the cyclone hit myanmar on the night of may , but junta leaders have been reluctant to allow foreign aid workers into the country .
there have been warnings in north america and britain about the high content of heavy metals such as lead , mercury and arsenic in ayurvedic products , which are not as strictly controlled as western medicines .
please keep your clothes on while climbing mount everest .
the full senate is expected to approve clinton s nomination before obama takes office next tuesday .
once in orlando , according to the arresting affidavits , nowak followed shipman from the airport to her car in a satellite parking lot , where the confrontation took place about a . m . wearing a wig and glasses , nowak approached shipman as she got into her car and told her nowak s boyfriend had not shown up to pick her up and she needed a ride .
a spokesman for musharraf has said the president is willing to work with other political parties , but zardari said musharraf s input is not welcome .
people are like rats , london says .
the change is in response to airline complaints that the current system taxes their finances too heavily .
pathan said that the meeting is likely to take place in ghazni province , but could not provide any further details .
the blast went off near a sunni mosque that was damaged by the attack , but police believe civilians on the street were the target . video showed damage to the mosque s tower .
ending such violence will be the focus of the new round of talks between the u . s . and iran , though a date has not yet been set for the session , said u . s . embassy spokesman philip reeker .
lack of sleep has been shown to raise levels of cortisol and glucose , causing health problems such as hypertension and type ii diabetes , which make you age much more quickly , says james maas , phd , professor of psychology at cornell university and author of power sleep , who recommends . to . hours .
the car bomb attack came in central hussein square , which has several kebab stalls and other take out stands , said a police official .
ferrer will play federer , while moya will take on the fourth seed novak djokovic of serbia , who had to win twice on thursday to take his place in the quarterfinals .
this year s top remains , as ever , dominated by u . s . and european schools .
a few days ago , a liberal activist group , brave new films , ran a full page ad in the new york times , accompanied by a petition signed by more than , physicians calling on mccain to release his full medical records .
i will stand pat on the military s position of defending the nll in the yellow sea to the last at the ministerial talks in pyongyang , seoul s defense minister kim jang soo was quoted as saying by several military sources during a meeting with senior military staff officers on friday .
lindsay lohan is making plans for life after rehab .
some firefighters and fire trucks were called to the scene and got the fire under control in about minutes .
till his karzai s visit to us and his meeting with president bush , the afghan officials were indecisive about what to do in response to the taliban demand regarding the release of prisoners .
but she adds there s probably a more anthropological reason at work .
the violence occurring within the country has a decided impact on iraq s neighbors , she said .
they ve got good hitters .
any official s involvement in gambling shatters the covenant with fans over the integrity of the game . this is the worst situation i have every experienced either as a fan of the nba , a lawyer for the nba or the commissioner of the nba , he said , calling it a betrayal of what we know in sports as a sacred trust .
it is the first time in years the federal government has issued a quarantine order for an individual .
we need to think about whether the gnp has the right political orientation and has faithfully fulfilled its commitments , lee , former mayor of seoul , said in a meeting with key post holders .
you decide what this
more than percent of respondents said they re attempting to fight fraud by embracing two new credit card protection systems
the animals are gone .
exports experienced a one month decline of . percent , with imports down . percent , the paper said , citing the general administration of customs .
sales rose . percent to . trillion yen while net profit rose . percent to . billion yen , boosted by the strong performance of sony ericsson , the world s fourth largest mobile phone maker owned jointly by sony and ericsson
earlier this week , southwest placed three employees on administrative leave and began conducting an internal investigation into the allegations that it flew planes without proper inspections .
a speech to the people of pakistan was recorded over a montage of old video , and began with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic .
but charles r . cross , author of the hendrix biography room full of mirrors , has seen the film and doubts the man is hendrix .
a committee of the federal senate now meets each week to review the week s programs for sexual content .
the pope s year end message to church leaders sparked anger among gay and lesbian religious groups .
virgin galactic did privately contact its prized customers known as founders , who have paid the full , to be among the first to experience four minutes of weightlessness .
is north korea trying to arm itself with nuclear bombs , or is it just trying to raise the stakes before crucial talks with u . s . negotiators ?
it was a tough loss . i thought i played pretty good . i wish i had an excuse .
by types of complaints , percent cited the lack of guidance or instructions expressed in foreign languages . thirty seven percent said that they were not satisfied with the quality or safety of products .
carl crawford homered for tampa bay , but playoff stars b . j . upton and evan longoria went a combined for .
the abductor is ft in . m tall , of slim build and aged between and .
fernandez described her move as an attempt to redistribute wealth to other sectors of society so that farmers would not be the only ones to benefit from soaring prices for grains on world markets .
a tuesday post on the group s web site said bent was arrested tuesday morning .
after e mails with friends who lived there , security agencies and by chance , the son of a former afghan diplomat , i had a loose itinerary kabul , bamiyan , and the panjshir valley .
the offer to end the confrontation , in which people have died , came after troops pounded the red mosque complex , breaching its wall in three places .
torchbearers include long distance runner ron clarke , who set world records during the early s and lit the cauldron at the games in melbourne , australia , and swimmer ian thorpe , a five time gold medalist .
adventures in a new world , mr greenspan who has described himself as a lifelong libertarian republican spares no criticism of the republican party .
british intelligence officials say attacks in india have all the hallmarks of al qaeda even though a previously unknown muslim extremist group is claiming responsibility for them .
but more importantly , the united manager was left to contemplate a
when putting the average salaries of at , korean manufacturers salaries for last year stood at . , meaning the salaries rose by . percent during the seven years .
christopher hill , washington s chief negotiator in the six party nuclear talks , and his north korean counterpart kim kye gwan said that important progress had been made to end the impasse on dismantling the north s nuclear weapons program .
pace told the victims families that their loved ones will always be remembered .
now harpo is taking that demand and putting it online , launching theoprahstore . com friday .
rove announced he s leaving his role as top advisor to the president so he can devote more time to his family .
the deal calls for sk telecom to purchase a . percent stake in hanarotelecom for . trillion won us . billion .
body shop noise in background
but it s only a matter of time before the machines take a commanding lead in the war for poker supremacy .
more than , people were killed when an earthquake beneath the ocean sent giant waves crashing ashore .
even so , enforcing the ban may prove tricky in a country well known for its cafe culture .
she also touched on the issue of environmental damage caused by china s rapid development .
the supreme court upholds the draconian national security law .
watt said the two sides had made progress primarily in noneconomic areas .
the ministry s plan is based on an estimated annual economic growth of . percent and a percent increase in annual labor costs .
i do not want to lie , said the official on condition of anonymity , because of the sensitivity of the topic .
but chong wa dae spokesman yoon tai young said that the reshuffle has not been discussed yet .
but there s also a health concern from the dust and debris from collapsed buildings .
a chinese deadline for protesters to surrender has passed , but large numbers of police are patrolling the streets of the regional capital , lhasa .
the latest idea would have the fed hold billions of dollars in commercial paper , moving the central bank one step closer to lending directly to the private market but restarting the flow of day to day credit that nourishes businesses , both large and small . warren levinson , at the new york stock exchange .
you ll probably have to remove the battery to get at it , but you don t need any special tools .
the bank s board , which includes government representatives from the bank s member countries , was meeting on the matter thursday .
the embassy admitted it now takes longer for applicants to get visas .
president lee myung bak is expected to invite president george w . bush to visit korea in july .
they cited an instance in which she labeled robocalls
the international monetary fund , seeking to contain a deepening economic crisis said it would provide billion in loans to brazil .
eight of the defendants are prime suspects in the bombings and charged with murder .
she turned herself in to authorities in the state of antioquia .
the shooter , whom police identified as pekka eric auvinen , died at toolo hospital , authorities said .
ebadi , one of esfandiari s attorneys , said her client is innocent .
but when the name of a civic group referred to the apec forum , such as the anti apec pusan citizens coalition , the north korean media changed it to anti bush pusan citizens coalition .
under seoul tax laws , companies incorporated for more than five years pay lower registration taxes on properties they acquire in the city .
eighty three of those sites had never been visited or recorded .
workers at a tulsa , oklahoma , grocery store got a frightening surprise when they unloaded a shipment of bananas from honduras
ppr owns the luxury gucci group , which includes designers stella mccartney and alexander mcqueen .
the korea times reports foreigners may face deportation or fines if they volunteer at orphanages or organize performances without reporting them to the authorities . the interpretation came from joo jae bong , an official at the ministry of justice .
the ap s brian thomas reports the nationwide dropout rate is stuck at out of students .
the plan was to be discussed monday at an eu foreign ministers meeting in luxembourg .
he two koreas agreed to resume bilateral talks for the first time in seven months following the agreement in beijing on steps toward the nuclear disarmament of north korea .
she said police asked them if they had any information about the alleged incident , but she said the prince and his friend replied they had no knowledge of it .
in berlin where subway , tram and bus workers launched a day strike wednesday ver . di wants pay increases of up to percent .
the renewed taliban threat came as negotiations to free their prisoners remained deadlocked with no agreement even on where to hold talks between south korean diplomats and the kidnappers .
i m heading to europe this summer , and i want to bring my cell phone , but international roaming looks expensive .
the president said he was unhappy with excesses in the financial markets but that he was very confident that with time , the economy will come out and grow .
many people thrill to giving orders or critiques but have unclear , uninformed or ambivalent ideas about what they re actually trying to accomplish .
also , the top police official in bashiqa is being replaced .
the ruling is the latest in a decade long battle following a civil judgment against simpson that held him liable for the deaths of nicole brown simpson and ron goldman .
israeli armored columns cut through the sinai so rapidly that the paratroopers were flown to jerusalem , where artillery exchanges between the jordanian and israeli armies presaged the opening of a new front .
it has proved controversial , however , because of its use in some muslim states to justify suppression of women s rights and extremely brutal forms of punishment , including beheadings .
if i d have thought this situation would ve been contained only to uh , wall street , we would ve had a different response .
the united states was swift to condemn what it called terrorist attacks in karachi during peaceful political demonstrations .
the tuesday truck bombs that targeted the villages of qahtaniya , al jazeera and tal uzair , in northern iraq near the border with syria , were a trademark al qaeda event designed to sway u . s . public opinion against the war , a u . s . general said wednesday .
johnston , the only western correspondent based full time in gaza , was seized march .
bell clanging continuously
london , england european shares closed lower for a third consecutive day on wednesday after the european central bank raised interest rates , fueling concerns that further rate hikes might be on the way .
but , the government says , there will be no relocation for families like hanso devi s because they do not meet relocation requirements .
to the western nations , soon , god willing , a new speech by the lion of islam sheikh osama bin laden , the reasons of the struggle in the th anniversary of the israeli occupation , the banner reads .
the couple became engaged last year .
a red and black uniformed military band playing stirring martial music , not christmas carols .
the report , ordered by congress , comes less than a week before the white house is expected to provide to lawmakers a highly anticipated assessment of president bush s addition this year of some , troops to iraq .
the president , at israel s th anniversary celebration in jerusalem , suggested that some democrats were acting in the same way some western leaders did when they appeased hitler in the runup to world war ii .
globovision s citizen program on sunday followed an interview with the outgoing director general of the opposition station , radio caracas television , with video showing images of the attempted assassination of pope john paul ii .
browne acknowledged britain , the united states and others were shouldering a greater burden than we like in leading the alliance s mission to combat taliban loyalists and extend the reach of president hamid karzai s kabul government .
diamond mountain , north korea ap chun kyong ok , a north korean environmental monitor , had a ready answer to why the united states does not attack the isolated communist state while poking its nose into every corner of iraq , even its president s palace .
cholera , caused by a breakdown in basic services in zimbabwe has killed at least people .
when undocked , the device s battery life is similar to a laptop s , at hours , depending on use .
sierra leone outlawed the capture and killing of chimpanzees on wednesday , declaring a one month amnesty for anyone keeping a chimp to hand it over to authorities .
the nobel peace prizewinner will also attend the opening ceremony of a korean studies center at the university .
russian officials gave assurances on thursday that m . m was being transferred to pyongyang s accounts .
hundreds of injuries have been reported in the past three days .
earlier this month , clinton adviser harold ickes first raised the prospect that pledged delegates were not legally bound to vote as election results indicate an idea that has drawn sharp criticism from supporters of rival obama .
the year old man was taken into custody in early january after police ran his name through their computers at a highway spot check and found he was wanted for several other crimes .
more than percent of respondents to its surveys wanted him to resign , the party said .
an italian court ordered the animated bird , along with mickey mouse , donald duck and his girlfriend daisy , to testify in a counterfeiting case .
one of the youths , year old kyree flowers , was shot in the arm , according to a police report .
popped up in more news articles and blogs than her peers .
he took such issues as the operations plan , u . s . strategic flexibility and other sensitive problems , which he discussed and settled clearly with bush in their june summit , as examples of the health of the alliance .
obama , in his weekly radio and online speech , says the tradition of a peaceful change in presidential power is a beacon of hope for many around the world
it also said the men were arrested tuesday evening and were close to carrying out the attacks .
i think we have to find some words that the people that feel proud of being spanish , and feel proud of the spanish flag , would want to sing , she said . if there are people that don t fall in that category , then nobody is going to oblige them .
voters in nepal are electing an assembly that will decide whether the country continues its years as a monarchy or becomes a republic , as most expect .
a hamas spokesman confirmed that its forces arrested two individuals with links to army of islam in gaza .
on tuesday , secretary of state condoleezza rice said the u . s . supports the forum , which will take place in the first half of march in iraq .
japan yesterday banned a north korean ferry from entering its ports for six months and will impose economic sanctions against the communist country after it fired several missiles into the east sea .
at least cyber dissidents are currently imprisoned worldwide , while more than , web sites , blogs or discussions forums were closed or made inaccessible in .
police said the footage had sickened and saddened everyone working on the case .
snow becomes the show in las vegas
the participants are all unemployed .
paul harvey used his staccato style delivery to tell all kinds of stories
one more look now at last night s vice presidential debate .
hong had been staying in the u . s . since he stepped down from his post as ambassador in september , abruptly ending his tenure after seven months .
cnn china s giant pandas are believed to be safe after monday s earthquake , but concern is growing over how they will get their next meals .
those battles in north waziristan , part of the country s largely lawless tribal region killed up to militants , as well as government troops , an army spokesman said . another security forces have been wounded .
lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp is championing his so called vision percent growth , , per capita income and becoming the seventh largest industrialized country .
harrods department store owner and egyptian multimillionaire mohamed al fayed was questioned by police wednesday , a store spokeswoman said , after london metropolitan police said a man had been questioned in connection with an allegation of sexual assault on a girl under .
the muscular norway rat climbed ashore on the rugged , uninhabited island in far southwestern alaska in after a rodent infested japanese ship ran aground .
i have four children and caring for them is the most important thing for me at the moment , the ho chi minh city law newspaper quoted her as saying .
it is vitally important that the success afghanistan has achieved not be allowed to slip away through neglect or lack of political will or resolve , gates said .
rescue officials said others were injured , including several foreigners .
the national tax service has raided the korean offices of several overseas investment funds including tax haven based lone star as part of a comprehensive tax probe .
the united states will also begin the process of removing north korea from its designation as a terror sponsoring state and also on ending u . s . trade sanctions , but no deadlines have been was set , according to the agreement .
on saturday , serbian authorities said they had arrested nearly rioters who took part in the violence .
two of the bodies discovered sunday were pulled from the rubble of a landslide at a spa in miyagi . another man was found inside a car that had been buried under mud , the national police said .
the social impact has been utterly malign , the court said , adding that zheng s confession and handing over of bribes were not enough to justify mercy .
as companies slow down the rate at which they introduce new computer and communication systems , they will need fewer information technology workers , turning the current shortages in the current tech labor market into a surplus .
bon jovi said , i don t think it s that different than a bon jovi record . it s not a bon jovi does country record .
he is the third generation of his family to assume a leading role in the ppp the party was set up by his grandfather zulfiqar ali bhutto , pakistan s first elected prime minister .
the iranian government has banned imports from south korea in apparent retaliation of seoul s backing of a u . n . resolution on its nuclear program .
a copy of an original page carrying his wise words sits in a glass case .
ap special correspondent linda deutsch reports that simpson didn t show much feeling when the verdicts were read .
damage assessments of properties in the hunter valley were still being compiled and it was unclear how the areas famed wineries have faired in the flooding .
the new anti spacesuit spacesuit is made of an elastic , skintight material , lightweight enough to allow astronauts to walk , run or even scale mountains on a moon or planet s surface acts that are physically impossible using nasa s current tin man like designs .
meanwhile on friday , the chief u . s . negotiator to the six party nuclear talks said north korea had invited a delegation of nuclear experts from china , the united states and russia to the communist country next week to survey nuclear facilities slated to be shut down .
has been released exclusively by t mobile and will go head to head with products such as apple s iphone , the blackberry and other smartphones from makers including nokia .
more than private and official sites were attacked from so called proxy servers located in territories east of lithuania , said sigitas jurkevicius , a computer specialist at lithuania s communications authority .
the capital costs of starting a new theme park begin at million .
one hand waving at the on flight camera , the other clasping a dior space traveler handbag .
a county official at the scene told reuters that investigators were trying to work out whether the blast was accidental or deliberate .
ex american football star oj simpson has pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and armed robbery charges arising from an incident at a las vegas hotel .
kt , korea s dominant fixed line telecom carrier , launched the first dual purpose satellite for military and commercial uses tuesday , lifting the country into the double digit satellite club .
jay walker of priceline . com , pierre omidyar of ebay , and steve case of america online did it in less than five years .
rhesus monkeys are known to carry viruses and parasites that can be transmitted to humans , said paul chang , a u . s . fish and wildlife service agent .
throughout the day , they calmly greeted mourners .
pittsburgh scored a victory over arizona , in one of the best super bowl games ever a contest that included the longest play ever
bottom will be all cities in africa , with many of south africa s cities facing waves of crime that may wash away that country s much needed new investment .
sources close to the negotiations said the talks had reached a standstill
before middle aged men started singing viva viagra in tv ads , before former sen . bob dole appeared in its commercials in the s , before the blue pill with a funny name entered the public lexicon , impotence was hush hush .
satellite images detected unusual activity there , the dong a ilbo and yonhap news agency said .
since his film appeared at this little known london festival , director charles duke has gained prominence and his film was accepted at the cannes film festival .
more than percent of the company s revenue is derived from exports .
dainton died oct . at a nursing home in camborne , england , according to peter visick , a distant relative .
the ebola virus is depleting western gorilla populations to a point where it might become impossible for them to recover .
with only about to left in the wild and another in captivity , the chinese sub species of the tiger clan is on the brink of extinction .
iran s ambassador , hassan kazemi qomi , described the meeting as a success and said there were plans for future talks .
the town of haskanita which is currently under the control of the government , was completely burned down , except for a few buildings , the u . n . mission to sudan said in a statement .
that is down a . from last christmas .
the negotiators are trying to persuade them to accept food , medicine and hot water to bathe the children , he said .
local merchants and many of whistler s , employees seemingly all perky , in their s and many from new zealand , australia or great britain push the fact that theirs is a four season resort .
security forces fired tear gas and live ammunition to disperse the crowds .
the funding , million , was frozen at the bank in late at the request of the united states , which claimed some of the funding came from illegal activities .
the prototype launched saturday , for example , features higher resolution optics that can be used in the future to improve the quality of the satellites photographs from orbit .
this war is a serious situation , reid said saturday .
still , the oil rich gulf kingdom adheres to certain islamic rules .
but amid this squalor , that has been turned into a classy hotel for the desperately poor .
the hands that assassinated rafik hariri and the other freedom martyrs are the same evil hands and the same evil apparatuses that committed this crime today and assassinated walid eido , saad hariri said .
it gives at least a glimmer of hope that when we re looking at the st and nd quarter of , the rate of decline may significantly continue to decelerate .
even the homeless can t escape the high price of a night in new york city .
he is now being treated at home in the northern city of modena surrounded by family and friends .
he has said he has no plans to mount a new campaign but spoofed the speculation during an earlier appearance at the oscars .
the second train did not fall into the ditch , but a news photo showed one of its carriages resting perpendicular to the track .
he said countries and more than international organizations are participating in the global earth observation system of systems , and more are expected to join .
the ton colossus called blue storm based on big blue s p unix server technology , according to peter ungaro , vice president of high performance computing at ibm .
it rallied at the end of last week , gaining . percent over two days .
north and south korea , the u . s . , china , russia and japan are members of the six nation forum aimed at making the korean peninsula nuclear free .
kentucky s emergency management agency says national guard troops have been called in to help
one of their biggest was with wal mart s health plan .
pancreatic cancer is one of the most dangerous forms of the disease , although doctors said the surgery offered improved hopes for survival .
a farmer s income can fluctuate wildly because of droughts and floods , the price of farm equipment and other factors that affect the amount and quality of his products and the demand for them .
four years ago , he established a national federation for preserving the great korean royal court an organization operating mainly out of his van .
the dead included luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes , the second in command of the leadership council of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc in its spanish acronym .
a bomb on a highway median strip in sri lanka s capital colombo killed one person and wounded another three early monday , police said .
a hamas ambush in northern gaza killed three israeli troops , israel s highest daily loss in the area for years .
the guidelines for treating high cholesterol from the national cholesterol education program recommend that patients try to lower their cholesterol through therapeutic lifestyle changes tlc , which include exercise and a healthy diet , before starting a statin .
the seven time tour champion , who is making a comeback after three years in retirement , said in an interview in the guardian on tuesday that he is concerned about his safety .
the first two points he cited directly concern human rights .
i have every confidence that nicolas sarkozy , whose convictions i know and whose strong beliefs are known to all , will play a driving role in resolving the institutional question and in consolidating a political europe , barroso said .
another proposed idea is to use the elevator to place solar panels in space to provide power for homes on earth .
he received percent in last week s iowa caucuses , far behind leading democrats hillary clinton , barack obama and john edwards .
she added daum also found five more overridingly pro japanese communities and is mulling whether to close them .
north korea s envoy charged the resolution is based on false information and cast a no vote .
live in the bronx , and the borough reports a third of the city s aids deaths each year .
a sect spokesman , syamsir ali , told ap that efforts to ban ahmadiyah beliefs had prompted an escalation of violence against adherents .
the scottish striker looked up to find goalkeeper steve harper off his line before sending a piledriver into the roof of the net after minutes hauling derby above bolton at the foot of the table in the process .
a fourth child , an month old daughter , was also found dangling in the closet but was rescued from the family s mobile home .
listen , there s no question that the suffering of the armenian people some years ago was extreme .
kiev , ukraine cnn shining with orthodox golden domes that rise from forested hilltops , crisscrossed by narrow cobblestone streets , and speckled by quiet , leafy parks , kiev draws visitors with an eastern european charm .
another person in the country close to the case claims that madonna will be in malawi this weekend and a court could hear her adoption case as soon as monday .
so it was at general motors , which began downsizing after years of losing market share to japanese automakers .
former president kim dae jung on thursday urged north korea and the united states to engage in direct talks , saying the standoff over pyongyang s nuclear weapons programs is entering a very ominous stage .
a special , tender version is sometimes served to the elderly , in keeping with confucian respect for seniors and their teeth .
sunken roofs were patched with plastic sheets .
attias , a year old moroccan born multi millionaire , is the president of paris based publicis events worldwide .
obama says he wants to protect the nation s auto industry while also looking for ways to address the broader problems with the economy
republican vice presidential nominee gov . sarah palin vowed on tuesday to use her executive experience to tackle government reform and energy independence if she and sen . john mccain win this year s presidential election .
roughly four in individuals in both groups say that the country has fulfilled all , or at least a great deal , of king s dream .
barksdale quickly assembled his key people .
bill clinton reveled in the spotlight on thursday as political friends and foes alike , including two presidents named bush , helped him dedicate his million presidential library , which highlights his achievements with a little bit of monica lewinsky mixed in .
largely because of her inspiring leadership , bain has expanded to , employees , from .
lawmakers are pushing for money to help keep the internet safe safe for teens
danish authorities said tuesday they have arrested three people who allegedly were plotting a terror related assassination of a cartoonist whose drawing of the prophet mohammed sparked rage in the muslim world two years ago .
in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said musharraf has good reason for staying in islamabad .
we had multiple paramedics en route to the scene as well as the rescue helicopter , but tragically the young boy has died at the scene , new south wales ambulance spokeswoman penelope little told sky news television .
ban also said saudi arabia understands that the current price of oil , which topped per barrel earlier this month , is not normal , according to the official saudi press agency .
if i found somebody with my wife or with my kids in my house , there s no telling what i might do , said juan muniz , , who was having lunch friday with one of his two small children at a restaurant in the middle class suburban dallas neighborhood where the robersons lived . i probably would have done the same thing .
the study inspired him to create his own facebook account , and his year old already wants to know about his friends , he said .
america has gone more than years without another terrorist attack on our soil .
all states except arizona and hawaii utilize dst , along with parts of indiana , which stay on standard time all year .
the commander tried to attack the soldiers but was instead killed by the us forces .
there is electricity in the air , chavez said , obviously pleased with castro s call .
an online poll by u . s . news channel msbnc showed that percent of , people said they were in favor of the china free labeling since an at a glance sticker tells shoppers what they need to know right away , while only . percent said they were against it .
though genoa can t elbow past rome , venice and florence amid italy s must see cities , it is a fabulous spot .
steger told reporters monday that when police responded to norris hall they found the front doors chained shut . the gunfire had stopped by the time they reached the second floor , he said .
after nine months of intensive investigation , there is nothing new in the prosecution s latest public announcement , he said in a statement .
mittal steel co . nv wrapped up the first part of its billion takeover of rival arcelor sa by combining with arcelormittal .
the next big prize is pennsylvania , which holds its primary on april .
algerian prime minister abdelaziz belkhadem was not hurt in the bombings , but at least people were killed and were wounded .
we don t want parliament to be a shelter for outlaws and wanted people , al maliki told cnn .
the events of the last or so days , particularly the outcomes of new hampshire and nevada , have apparently convinced him to adopt a different strategy .
proponents of a pull out have pointed to the failure of iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki to enact political reforms considered vital to a long term fall in violence .
it is based on lvmh s desire to protect its commercial practices and exclude competition , a spokeswoman for ebay in paris told afp .
hill said the sanctions issue would be resolved within days , but didn t provide specifics .
iraqi police say the condition of the archbishop s body , which bore no bullet wounds , suggests he may have died at least a week ago .
but the opposition grand national party gnp threatened to refer the president to the prosecution for defying the election law .
construction went ahead despite complaints about the billion yuan billion cost , forced relocations , environmental damage and flooding of temples and other cultural and archaeological sites .
roy disney , of disney s boat rentals , sets us up at the boat launch in lakeport , instructing us to head east first to the narrows , where the north arm of the lake connects to the south arm , before the lake gets choppy .
buenos aires , argentina ap argentina s economy minister said saturday she committed no crime by hiding a bag stuffed with us , in cash in her office bathroom .
clearwater police said bollea crashed his toyota supra on august while street racing against a silver dodge viper driven by a friend .
moscow , russia cnn the russian military has successfully tested what it described as the world s most powerful non nuclear air delivered bomb , russia s state television reported tuesday .
taylor , , is to stand trial on war crimes charges and is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in sierra leone that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation .
in one attack , five iraqi national police officers died when a roadside bomb struck their patrol in central samarra s ajbariya neighborhood around midday wednesday , samarra police capt . yousif mohammed ali said .
the video shows a brutal scene
cloran fined stallone , and ordered him to pay , in prosecution costs .
a german journalist and his afghan translator have been kidnapped in afghanistan s eastern province of kunar , provincial officials said on wednesday .
.
washington cnn president bush on wednesday told cnn he would personally facilitate peace negotiations between the palestinians and israelis , saying the formation of a democratic palestinian state was the best way to bring peace to the region .
it is viewed by koreans and chinese as a symbol of japan s unrepentant militarism .
the statement appeared to open up a fresh divide between north korea and the us .
the government relocation program wasn t carried out in this village , so we have no money , he said .
we saw it coming across the sky real bright and shiny and all in one piece .
s president bush has insisted a branch of iran s revolutionary guards is linked to some attacks on us troops in iraq .
azerbaijan is a former soviet republic that borders the caspian sea , and lies just north of iran .
there was substantial damage done to my name and reputation on a world level , he wrote .
police said those ejected will be forced to stay away from melbourne park for hours , and if they are previous offenders , they will have to stay away longer .
in high school , he fell in love with theater , a passion that prompted him to forgo college and move to new york and enroll in the neighborhood playhouse school of the theater .
only . percent of households said they were upper class .
but instead of widespread bombardment , specific targets the main presidential palace , the ministry building and special republican guard strongholds were struck by the second wave of missiles .
the ships , known in nato terms as kilo class , are russia s most advanced non nuclear submarine .
the two siblings confirmed to have died of bird flu in the eastern province of van , had close contact with poultry .
the cause of the gas leak was not immediately known .
but aides say he won t re fight old battles and will instead offer thoughts on the future , how america must protect itself but not turn inward
kongkrit hiranyakit , head of the tourism council of thailand , told the associated press that the bombings , at the height of the high season which runs from late october to february , could cut income from tourism to half the expected billion baht . billion .
chinese and tibetan sources have given very different accounts of the protests , which were started by buddhist monks on the anniversary of a tibetan uprising against communist chinese rule .
all of them runaways were arrested yesterday while two more are on the run , charged with torturing a year old girl almost to death .
the bodies believed to result from sunni shiite sectarian fighting bring the number of corpses found in baghdad in july to .
pennsylvania has had perhaps bear attacks over the past years , none of them fatal or even serious .
you know , he had served for his days before he became a presidential candidate and that wasn t in , in executive office .
gen . yasar buyukanit , chief of the military , said in a note on the military s web site , that our nation has been watching the behavior of centers of evil who systematically try to corrode the secular nature of the turkish republic .
that device would be geared for textbooks , magazines and newspapers .
beijing , china cnn two chinese brothers who tunneled their way out of a coal mine collapse after being trapped for nearly six days survived by eating coal and drinking urine , a local newspaper reported on tuesday .
the writers are the backbone of the business , so we don t want to lose them in any way , she said .
in a statement issued hours before her passing , the palace said galyani s kidneys were not functioning and her breathing had weakened .
nasser adra , a hospital director in tripoli , told the associated press that al abssi s wife and two captured militants identified the body .
thirteen people , including police officers , were were wounded .
he questioned iran s refusal to say why it wanted uranium metal when the only real use for uranium metal is a nuclear weapon .
in fact , almost four in ten so called persuadable voters lean toward john mccain , about as many as are considering barack obama .
doolittle and the heavyset , gap toothed lakisha jones were widely considered this season s most talented idol contestants .
u . s . officials identified the hezbollah operative as an explosives expert who played a key role in the january attack that killed five american troops in karbala , a southern iraqi city that is one of the most revered to shiites .
no , you re just caught in with the times square people conducting airworthiness test of the millions of bits of colored paper .
the u . s . commander in iraq , gen . david petraeus , is scheduled to issue another report on the progress of the war in april , and ham said it would be premature to discuss further withdrawals now .
despite the distraction of the north korean missile launches , tokyo summoned up an angry reaction and said it would resume planning a similar survey in the area .
the uk , germany and italy were among states which allowed the us to forcibly remove terror suspects , lawmakers said .
but he predicted that the coming weeks would be decisive in the fight against the insurgents .
kim was hospitalized yesterday afternoon at yonsei university where he is being treated , doctors said , for pneumonia .
lines snaked around the british museum and the wait to get in was as long as eight hours .
it was truly amazing , she said . my whole body was shaking . . . i couldn t conceive that we had actually caught one .
arafat led the fatah party before his death .
cnn a search is under way for a pregnant year old marine who has been missing from camp lejeune , north carolina , since december .
the officials emphasized that the required changes would have to be legally binding and not be made in the form of side letters .
all of a sudden , the animal was on top of us like it was rabid , hernandez said .
given defendant s income , earning capacity , and financial resources , both disclosed and undisclosed , the united states submits that a fine of at least million is warranted , the sentencing recommendation says .
he had reportedly been suffering from diabetes and high blood pressure .
video showed sarkozy and his wife , carla bruni , shaking hands with officials at the base of the stairs leading up to the plane when israeli security guards interrupted them .
he had previously been appointed as a conductor for the kbs symphony orchestra in , but he left the post four months into a multi year contract .
taxes on cigarettes and other tobacco products would have been increased to pay for the aid .
nuclear test , which he said had overly rattled foreign investors .
when cameras accompany massive police operations in an electoral period , i think it s a way to influence opinion , to scare , said segolene royal , sarkozy s former socialist rival for the presidency , calling the raid a spectacle .
lawmakers in britain , the united states , canada and other nations with troops in southern afghanistan have been angered by the reluctance of some european allies to commit extra troops to the , strong nato force , and in particular to allow their soldiers to be deployed to the taliban s heartland in the south and east .
launch director mike leinbach wished the crew good luck and godspeed just before liftoff .
a spokesman for the president confirmed that sarkozy was referring to a possible snub of the august opening ceremony .
but astronomers hope to refine their methods so they can spot small , rocky planets covered with liquid water , like our own .
we have staged a wonderful battle .
abe said on sunday he had no intention of staying on as leader if mps blocked the move , prompting some analysts to suggest he could be seeking an honorable excuse to step down .
pierre berge did not give details but said saint laurent had died following a long illness .
it is standard procedure for astronauts to wear diapers when they suit up for launch and re entry .
there were conflicting reports on whether there were one or two blasts and whether the bomb was in a car .
chinese embassy warns rep .
but it didn t work out that way .
the past two weeks have been very difficult , but by staying together as a team , we kept our spirits up , drawing great comfort from the knowledge that our loved ones would be waiting for us on our return to the uk , they said in a joint statement released thursday .
some seats on exit rows also do not recline and here bags must be stowed in lockers which means you ll have to keep getting up to get at belongings .
of the chinese who left the mainland , fewer than in headed for the u . s . , according to american and chinese authorities .
she was born just a generation past slavery
this is the same kind of problem of construction as in the school last week , said renois , of the haiti press network .
the olympic torch relay was suspended during the mourning period , china s state run television announced .
more than professors of the nations prestigious universities on thursday joined civic groups move to denounce the national assembly s impeachment of president roh moo hyun , calling for its immediate withdrawal .
grant , who is in his late s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . his injuries were not life threatening , fowden said .
documents submitted by faa inspectors to congressional investigators allege the airline flew at least of its planes in violation of mandatory safety checks .
south korea hadn t even won a game at five previous trips to soccer s biggest event .
in the interview wednesday , richardson acknowledged he was very close to endorsing clinton , but decided not to after the campaign got nasty .
a defiant hamas said its attacks on israel would not cease because of the sanctions .
of the latest discoveries are from the countryside .
kate winslet s chances of winning her first academy award moved a step closer thursday as she was nominated twice in the leading actress category of the british film industry s annual awards .
there should be no safe haven and no hiding place for those that practice terrorist violence or preach terrorist extremism .
kcna said kim visited china from january in an unofficial visit as the guest of hu .
let s be friends , guys , and engage in an honest dialogue , putin said .
but they won in only two , with the swing province of nineveh returning yes votes , the official count shows .
swine flu has broken out in new york city s rikers island .
furthermore , the president is going to be seeking a political bounce for a plan to start bringing these , troops home .
stocks up this morning more than points on the dow , despite another down night on asian and european markets , and despite some economists taking a look at unemployment , foreclosures , and economic shrinkage , and daring to use the word depression .
airports have had to redesign terminals to accommodate the world s largest passenger jet , which has a wingspan of nearly meters .
indian based officials said the figure was confirmed by several sources , even though china had put the death toll during friday s riots at .
the sea diamond , owned by louis cruise lines , sank on april a day after running aground off the island , forcing more than , passengers and crew to evacuate it .
in jakarta , indonesia , where obama lived with his mother and stepfather in the late s , hundreds of students at his old elementary school poured into the playground and danced in the rain , some chanting obama !
japan s political funds law requires politicians to declare such donations when they exceed , , kyodo news said .
spanish fans in austria and back home went wild on the final whistle , with fireworks being left off and the sound of car horns filling the air in madrid
homer dumps waste from his new pet pig into an already polluted lake , causing an environmental crisis that prompts president schwarzenegger and his evil aide albert brooks to seal off the town .
pakistani officials said abdul rashid ghazi , the radical islamic cleric who led the stand off , was among the dead .
a bill authorizing the change passed the national assembly on feb .
acea president sergio marchionne appealed directly to eu governments and the european parliament to design a reasonable and level headed strategy , saying other means were available to reduce co emissions .
ali shah ahmadzai , the provincial police chief , said he thought talks had been on a positive track and said the new threat was a surprise .
i am thankful for the cec central election commission for imposing their trust in me as chairman of the pakistan people s party .
the lender had been blacklisted by washington for allegedly helping the north launder money and its north korean accounts were frozen .
the bangladesh meteorological department issued a bulletin putting the low lying country s three major maritime ports chittagong , mongla and cox s bazar on the highest alert .
he formally withdrew tuesday from the runoff against president robert mugabe , who said friday s vote would take place as planned .
the asteroid , officially known as yb , measures between and meters in width .
a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed upon .
a woman was convicted monday of hiring a hit squad to murder her lover s baby , ending a trial that had dominated headlines for months with details of south africa s first known contract killing of an infant .
they often riff off one another . they share a world view , axelrod told the times about obama and patrick . both of them are effective speakers whose words tend to get requoted and arguments tend to be embraced widely .
a chinese couple tried to name their baby , claiming the character used in e mail addresses echoed their love for the child , an official trying to whip the national language into line said on thursday .
three hundred years is young for a russian city moscow recently celebrated its th anniversary but as st .
the agreement , reached four months after pyongyang stunned the world with its first nuclear test , requires the secretive communist state to allow international nuclear inspections .
the method has alarmed officials because of the danger that bystanders can be hurt .
i was under the car . i saw my legs were severed , just flesh and skin . i was holding my legs , bleeding .
santas can freak out screaming toddlers
on friday evening military chiefs said in a statement they could intervene if the election process threatened to undermine turkish secularism .
former treasury secretary larry summer says this is just what s making the current u . s . economic crisis worse , than the one that caused the stock market crash of .
if you look at the graph at the spikes at where the picture is doing really great figures , it s like looking at a veritable map of the american underworld , such as boca raton , florida , scorsese said .
yahfdhou ould amar , chief of police for the northern port city of nouadhibou , said people died in the voyage presumably from hunger , cold and thirst .
high tech companies may be in particular jeopardy of drifting away from consumers .
insp . steve martin said the woman and one of the men who went to assist were rushed to hospital in critical condition with gunshot wounds to their chests .
ap white house correspondent mark smith is live in chicago with the latest
king nut peanut butter is used by restaurants and other institutional customers .
the foreign ministry has urged south koreans in afghanistan believed to number about to consider leaving .
but he warned that us forces were engaged in a tough fight which will get harder before it gets easier .
the pop star and her husband , film director guy ritchie , were not present at thursday s hearing in the malawian capital .
tibet s self proclaimed government in exile puts the death toll from those protests at more than , but chinese government restrictions make it difficult to confirm that number .
the former outback cowboy and kangaroo skinner pleaded guilty in march to providing material support to al qaeda , including attending terrorist training camps in afghanistan .
ten years ago this was an invisible issue .
the loya jirga is a temporary decision making group .
most of these began by making weapons or uniforms but increasingly they have taken on a life of their own .
a day earlier , finance officials from the two sides meet to discuss currency concerns .
but both sides couldn t even agree on what they were talking about .
ap s mark smith has more on this live report
a new study says our kids are less likely to graduate from high school than we were .
ahmad chalabi is a former head of iraq s interim governing council who was close with the pentagon .
apart from the javan rhinos , there are thought to be around sumatran rhinos still alive in isolated pockets in the forests of malaysia and sumatra island .
charismatic people speak emotionally about putting themselves on the line .
there have been persistent allegations of abuse by members of the shiite dominated security forces , but sunday s discovery is hard evidence and officials believe it may be the tip of the iceberg .
the seven parties , including the maoists , agreed to amend the constitution to include the phrase that nepal will be a federal democratic republic , arjun narsingh kc , a spokesman for the nepali congress party which heads the government , said in a telephone interview .
colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees up to percent of colonies in some u . s . beekeeping operations imperiling the crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination , such as oranges , blueberries , apples and almonds .
by the mid s , when ibm finally abandoned its full employment stance and started downsizing , it wasn t just fighting to retain its position as king of the hill
the province is part of pakistan s tribal regions along the border with afghanistan .
i like the idea that people will gather and say look at this , you ve got to see this .
the travel deficit grew to a record . million in july as more south koreans went abroad over the summer , the bank of korea said in a statement .
the report also said that korean students compose . percent of the total number of foreign students in the united states .
madeleine mccann vanished may , a few days before her fourth birthday , from her family s hotel room during a vacation in portugal s algarve region .
japan system , the source said .
they get the person to where they actually believe they have a relationship with the scammer . this can be a long process , sometimes up to six or eight months .
but of people questioned in austria have admitted to taking the material off a russian based file sharing site , he added .
al zawahiri advises people in iraq and the palestinian territory , mansfield said , and renews his call for young men to join the jihad in iraq and afghanistan .
our phones and blackberries were surrendered all electronic equipment except the cameras handed over , put into bags , and our names written on the bags .
the combination cell phone , media player and wireless web surfing device will retail for and , depending on configuration .
our analysis was that it would result in . million more people in the next years here illegally , said the alabama senator .
as the talks ended , a car bomb exploded near an important sunni mosque in the centre of baghdad , killing at least people and wounding dozens of others .
and the young beggar and game show winner of slumdog millionaire , directed by danny boyle millions , trainspotting .
cho was studying english and had been living on the university campus .
the xinhua report blamed the incidents on supporters of the dalai lama .
the last regular rail operation was in , a year after the three year korean war broke out .
the fourth tire , a michelin , was the proper size , but mismatched tires pose a risk , the chinese company said .
al nuaimi s son , who was in the car with him , was wounded .
in the debate two months ago , he said the killings of members of his party were without any doubt carried out by organized crime .
chicago is obama s hometown , and clinton s statement drew boos .
otherwise your group will have no choice but to wait with the masses for up to several hours in the general admission line .
aboriginal communities , for instance , would receive long distance education , or maybe they would request medicines , air or river ambulance service , medical checkups , among other options .
the presidential transition team said sunday it will strengthen the publicity of english education and other programs unveiled last week .
zardari and his son were speaking at a news conference after a meeting of the ppp leadership in naudero , near larkana in southern pakistan .
sentencing was expected as early as tuesday , the spokesman said .
paul lewis , director of astronomy outreach at the university of tennessee , is drawing students to the roof of the nielsen physics building for special viewings of comet p holmes .
these discoveries are of no small significance to the egyptian government , which has devoted itself anew to protecting archaeological sites from plunder and encroachment .
the policy has prevented about million births , the china daily said .
john mccain campaigns in missouri , and barack obama is in florida where early voting starts today .
cape canaveral , florida cnn shuttle endeavour pulled away from the international space station monday and headed for home after a heartfelt farewell between the two crews .
let me just say this , we weren t discouraged by polls when they were not favorable for us , we re not seduced by polls now , said david axelrod , obama s senior strategist . we think this is going to be a battle every day right till the end and we re prepared for that .
the united states also wants the deal to address japan s questions about north korea s alleged abductions of more than a dozen japanese citizens in the s and s , officials said .
two prizes were awarded for poetry
scarlett johansson
last weekend , putin warned that his country could aim nuclear weapons at european targets unless washington abandoned the missile system proposal .
memphis , tennessee cnn for almost years , dianne odell lived inside a foot long metal tube , unable to breathe outside it but determined not to let it destroy her spirit .
who arrived in myanmar sunday have been critical of the slow delivery of aid and humanitarian workers under myanmar s ruling military junta .
ellsworth , maine cnn his lottery ticket was a , winner , but police have seized it saying it was bought with proceeds from an illegal drug sale .
under the deal , north korea agreed to close yongbyon within days in return for aid .
citigroup said wednesday it is cutting , jobs in its first major overhaul in years but some industry analysts said the cuts could be the exact opposite of what the nation s biggest bank needs .
in his blog , he said he and his wife shara are expecting their third child in january .
lee was responding to public protests after his government s decision last month to allow imports of u . s . beef .
the international community has pressured kenyan leaders to resolve the election crisis as soon as possible , and stop violence that has killed at least people .
the organisations named nasir al tijani as the militia leader and demanded action from sudan s government .
he called it historic that a liberal led government had been re elected for a third term .
that would put it about two centuries after the completion of the great pyramid of giza , believed to have been finished in b . c .
health officials are also concerned about the outbreak because the deaths occurred in two regions , anhui and the southern province of guangdong .
a revolutionary new way of healing backs and bones could someday benefit millions .
light , sweet crude for june delivery rose to a record us . a barrel on monday in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange .
the trust has also introduced extra cleaners and nurses on affected wards and asked family doctors not to send patients with diarrhea to hospital , measures that will continue until the outbreak ends .
zardari said he was asked to take on the role because the party felt it was important to keep a link with his mother through the bloodline .
deep throat , the ultimate anonymous source in real life , who was played by hal holbrook in all the president s men
but in a statement , spin master said that out of an abundance of caution , it stopped shipping the item and was working with the consumer product safety commission and health canada .
bill clinton s comments reportedly came during a recent meeting with some california superdelegates .
there are also concerns that the information gathered will be shared with immigration authorities in other countries .
big names hit by madoff s alleged financial fraud
but ministers did not decide to launch a larger ground offensive a day after israel suffered its biggest one day loss of the day conflict .
the retiring leaders include state vice president zeng qinghong , , wu guanzheng , the year old head of china s anti corruption body , and year old luo gan , who is in charge of the country s police and security apparatus .
washington called for an investigation and threatened further sanctions against the impoverished country also known as burma .
national weather service meteorologist mike eckert says that snow should stay through christmas
most of them are floating in the asteroid belt , an elliptical plane located between mars and jupiter .
he just said july the th and i assumed it was this year because if you tell the guy july th , they re going to think it s this year , barclay said .
his commanding officer in afghanistan , lieutenant colonel edward smyth osbourne , who hands over command of the household cavalry regiment this week , was also present at the ceremony , pa reported .
programs do not increase sexual activity , said douglas kirby , author of the study .
north korea shut down yongbyon last summer under an agreement with the united states and four other nations in the nuclear disarmament negotiations .
the local health department said the city s heat index a measure that factors in humidity to describe how hot it feels has broken every day since june .
for them , africa can be the final way station on a much longer voyage to europe that involves complicated smuggling routes over a number of continents .
new york cnn leona helmsley , who ran her empire of luxurious manhattan hotels with an iron fist and went to prison for tax fraud , has died , her publicist said monday .
today , oktoberfest is the largest folk festival in the world , and according to the munich tourist office last year it saw more than . million visitors and served up nearly million mass , or liters , of beer .
italy s university of pisa calculated the odds are between . percent and percent that the object , traveling at , mph , will encounter the earth s atmosphere .
the two sides have competed separately since the korean war , though they have marched together at some recent sports events .
fourth seed jelena jankovic booked a semifinal place at the sony ericsson open in key biscayne after russian elena dementieva retired while trailing in the second set of their quarterfinal clash .
the route has been criticized by tibet activist groups who see it as an attempt by beijing to symbolize its control over the himalayan region .
light , sweet crude for february delivery eventually fell cents to settle at . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising to . , a trading record .
our national courage has been clear in times of depression and war , when defending common dangers defined our common good .
it sees the two days of meeting in kaesong as an opportunity to entice it back to stalled international talks .
a subheadline on the times article reads , white house role was wider than it said .
the royal bank of scotland told cnn its hedge funds had exposure of up to million million to funds managed by securities broker bernard madoff .
ben bernanke tells congress things should start getting better before the end of .
the products could cause serious health problems if consumed over a long period of time , he said .
entire grassy fields disappeared under several feet of water , as angry waves battered the beachfront normally thronged with european tourists .
the leader of the ruling party automatically takes over as prime minister .
the un report said iran was expanding its enrichment program .
a major winter storm is snarling traffic and cutting power to thousands of customers across the midwest and northeast .
this year s tour de france has taken a disastrous turn after race leaer michael rasmussen was sensationally kicked out by his own rabobank team .
but this is about more than noodles .
for stress reduction , just say ommm
diplomats generally operate on the same basis .
on tuesday , mcconnell said he also is concerned the appearance of osama bin laden on a recent videotape after the terrorist leader s lengthy absence might be a move designed to trigger an attack .
they may cook dinner outdoors , go swimming or have a party .
russia has imposed a moratorium on the death sentence but has not abolished it .
and i want to commend all of you , especially those of you who have come great distances , for helping to enrich the dialogue about current affairs among our countries and around the world .
international olympic committee president jacques rogge said last month that he expects many heads of state including president bush , german chancellor angela merkel and french president nicolas sarkozy to attend the opening ceremony .
many victims were shot in the head , said theresa comitas , spokeswoman for kishwaukee community hospital , about minutes from the school .
used home sales may have started to recover last month , bouncing back . from august , the biggest increase in more than years .
but the democrats could only muster votes in favor , seven short of the total required .
the associated press reported the flight was carrying passengers and a crew of about , including four pilots .
washington agreed on the meeting s sidelines to settle the financial sanctions by mid march .
on february , two people died when an istanbul apartment building collapsed .
pyongyang has already missed the first deadline agreed as part of the deal .
the iraqi leader said he was very clear to bush that our sunni participation is quite unfortunately becoming meaningless .
this makes strong business sense , said profumo .
cnn jac holzman was in love with love .
atlantis docked with the international space station sunday , as engineers continued to review photographs of a section of peeled back thermal blanket on the space shuttle .
wednesday night , however , it s our turn
e mail will not overtake paper mail anytime soon in the home , in large part because women use the latter to control the flow of domestic information , according to a new study .
the russian natural gas company , gazprom , had threatened to stop supplying gas to ukraine on monday , then extended the deadline until tuesday evening while talks continued .
he noted that state supreme court justice thomas farber could have imposed the maximum sentence of years to life but didn t .
seoul , south korea cnn the co founder of myspace said he believes the popular online hangout is poised to succeed in south korea after closely scrutinizing u . s . internet services that have faced challenges making inroads here .
ukraine is a reliable partner and we do not violate our obligations a jot concerning natural gas export to the european states , she said .
the fighting , which began on may , is lebanon s worst internal violence since the civil war .
it is a marketeer s dream industry , combining fashion , utility , health , fitness , glamour and personalities , all tied together with megabuck advertising .
and it s gonna be a very long night .
in a seperate incident , police officers and new recruits died when a bomber detonated explosives at a police headquarters in the town of dera ismail khan , an officer told the associated press .
the three afghans who were detained with the two french aid workers have been released today in nimroz province at the request of tribal leaders , purported taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi said sunday .
nicole auditioned for the part and was very funny , executive producer josh schwartz said in a statement wednesday .
correspondents say the house of representatives , controlled by the democrats , is hoping to pressure the senate to approve a similar timeline .
she was years old at the time .
ten of the villages lost power for hours in december after the blades of a helicopter accidentally sheared the cables providing electricity to the area .
meunier lebouc had to overcome an out of bounds tee shot on the third hole with some steady play in the final holes to deny sorenstam s bid to become the first lpga player to win the same major title three years in a row .
that prompted hundreds of thousands of car owners to line up for miles at gas stations late tuesday and early wednesday .
fabio quagliarella and antonio di natale scored the goals .
it was only for an hour , but it stretched around the globe , from a research base in the antarctic to the empire state building , and to hollywood and vine .
he was pushed into a scuffle with dlp members who wore huge masks of lee kun hee and hong seok hyun , holding a banner , shouting arrest hong seok hyun , arrest lee kun hee !
clinton s campaign initially defended the remarks , saying that the new york senator had been drawing a historical parallel and any reading into it beyond that is inaccurate and outrageous .
created in by rocker bono and the country s leading anti poverty groups , the one organization counts . million members from across the political spectrum and all states .
zobor said the wwf had confirmed the safety of staff members based in beijing but had not received word on the conditions in wolong .
the international community simply hit the snooze button rather than raising the general alarm , lopez said .
she claimed in an october lawsuit that a police officer yanked her out of a patrol car by her hair and police took her to a hospital for a psychiatric evaluation .
jerusalem cnn authorities closed the palestinian territories friday , a day after a gunman from east jerusalem opened fire at a jewish seminary school , killing eight students .
the government has ordered an investigation after three children died over the past week of the outbreak .
spurred by the olympics , the city s subway lines quadrupled from two lines to eight , with another six now under construction .
geographically , death rates by county ranged from a low of per , men to a high of , per , .
washington intends to slap more sanctions on north korea as it has concluded that pyongyang has no willingness to negotiate with its six party talks partners , an official in seoul said on tuesday .
the navy says rescuers are still searching for the other crew members .
merrill lynch had negative revenue of . billion , down from revenue of . billion a year earlier .
the korea times reports it is the first time washington has given official refugee status to north koreans since the u . s .
the u . s . delegation raised the issue of food safety highlighted by such incidents as the deaths of pets who had eaten pet food made with tainted wheat gluten imported from china .
he said his lab had produced about cloned human embryos , but the hospital responsible for developing them into stem cells had deceived him about the results .
a group allied to al qaeda claimed the attacks on an islamist website .
however , baghdad still didn t ask for any syrian troops to help with security matters within iraq .
abbas , who heads the rival fatah movement , addressed the palestine liberation organization which he chairs in ramallah , west bank , at a time when he is seeking support for the government he installed under emergency orders following hamas takeover of gaza last week .
government supporters said the blasts were intended to scare people away from wednesday s commemoration .
london , england cnn supermodel naomi campbell has been sentenced to hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting two police officers following an air rage incident at london s heathrow airport .
more than people died in a widespread and ethnically motivated killing spree after odinga accused kibaki of rigging the december vote to win his re election .
sander , , was last seen leaving an el dorado bar friday with israel mireles .
in mission control at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , they celebrated the lander s much anticipated entry .
the korea herald reports sk telecom co .
former world number one lindsay davenport , as well as american compatriots meilen tu and meghann shaughnessy have pulled out of the french open , which starts on sunday .
the characters or less posts , called tweets , may even be broadcast during election coverage on the cable network current .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has said his country s nuclear program is intended for peaceful purposes only , but merkel told the israeli parliament that he needs to provide clear evidence supporting that assertion .
i would say that probably to of most chain stores this christmas underperformed , and that s a recipe for disaster unclear .
the plane , carrying people , went out of contact as it was flying from java to northern sulawesi .
in may , a u . s . navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least miles off the somali coast .
ferrer beat compatriot juan carlos ferrero .
obama on wednesday also made some gains in key battleground states .
the korea times reports the ruling uri party and two minor oppositions , the democratic labor party dlp and the millennium democratic party mdp , agreed thursday to jointly submit a bill to abolish the national security law , the half century old anticommunist apparatus of the capitalist south korea .
this is not a handover to a government , it s a handover to iranian militias , said badi aref , who represents former regime members . we will hold the u . s . responsible for all that these detainees will go through .
the u . n . office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs said in a recent report that some fatalities have been reported in herat , farah , badghis , and ghowr provinces
an additional , of the flawed batteries were sold outside the u . s .
he saw the oil paintings of his water garden as a cumulative work in progress , and rarely sold them .
it alleged the gemstone s owner then tried to go around the broker to sell the emerald to the same buyer for million .
north korea suggested meeting bilaterally with the united states early this month , according to sources . berlin , where hill was scheduled to deliver a speech , is considered an appropriate location because of its convenience and significance , they said .
the official said nedogon did not report the information to police or authorities .
we are on track to deliver the best version of windows ever , ballmer told an audience of several thousand tech professionals and journalists inside a cavernous ballroom at the venetian hotel . we re working hard to get it right and get it ready .
wearing red may boost your sex appeal
she did , however , tell cnn wednesday that she wrote musharraf a letter naming those she feared would make an attempt on her life .
the organization of petroleum exporting countries next meets february in vienna , austria , to consider increasing output .
cornet wales , as he is officially known , has long said he enrolled at britain s sandhurst military officers academy with the intention of serving on the front line .
harvard anthropology researcher katherine whitcomb found two physical differences in male and female backs that until now had gone unnoticed
but fuel economy may be an afterthought for some buyers .
london s metropolitan police force has been found guilty of endangering the public over the fatal shooting of a man officers mistook for a suicide bomber .
a theory that thimerosal is to blame for autism has been repeatedly discounted in scientific studies .
the prosecutor s remark followed a joongang ilbo report tuesday that the office was preparing a system that would enable investigators to conduct round the clock surveillance of all activity at targeted web sites .
the omission marks a change from the previous statements including by christopher hill , the u . s . envoy to the six party talks , in september that all elements , past and present , of north korea s nuclear program will be comprehensively declared and completely , verifiably and irreversibly eliminated for benefits to accrue .
details of the google x prize are to be revealed at the wired nextfest technology show in los angeles .
the last two letters , containing christmas greetings , were dated december , .
bush also repeated that solutions to the problem of global warming would be found through the development of new technologies .
the committee s ruling gave clinton pledged delegates from florida and from michigan , with a total of votes .
vatican city cnn pope benedict xvi appealed thursday to south koreans inherent moral sensibility to reject embryonic stem cell research and human cloning after the country decided to let embryonic stem cell research resume .
in he was arrested after painting pink a soviet tank that served as a prague war memorial .
i saw the tremendous emotion and power of this day , the swearing in of the first african american president of the united states .
he is also president of lexus council connect , an on line communication service for lawyers .
axelrod said it will take the best people we can find , the best minds in our country to carry out obama s economic plan .
robertson said the ship had been escorted by a u . s . navy vessel out of somali waters and that naval personnel were providing food and medical assistance .
the forehead and chin were left intact .
in what is seen as a bush administration move to win enlisted military voters , a u . s . military policewoman accused in the abu ghraib prison abuse scandal had the charges against her reduced wednesday as a set of pretrial hearings wrapped up at an american base in germany .
she has won seven grand slams and was due to defend her french open title later this month .
police only say that investigators are talking to a number of people in custody .
it s rare for two young people to die at the same time , and that makes us want to know why and who they were , but it will be very difficult to find out .
the rajasthan government airdropped pamphlets asking demonstrators to refrain from violence .
iraqi security officials have announced the capture of a suspected militant leader
i thought nick was hilarious , so i didn t know what was going to happen .
unfortunately if this is true , this is a breach of individual freedoms and rights of privacy and , more importantly , the right of international organizations to work independently , el baradei told the dubai based television network . the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog organization , mohamed el baradei said on sunday that any u . s . monitoring of his telephone calls would be a violation of his privacy but that he had nothing to hide .
he said the lobster had been sitting in the restaurant s tank and acting as a sort of mascot , but when peta got involved and requested the release , it seemed like the right thing to do .
the japanese government has called on rail companies to review their training procedures in the light of monday s devastating train crash .
that is human , not female , nature , they agree
he is apparently in good condition , a cbs spokeswoman said .
washington cnn mike huckabee and barack obama , the front runners in the race for the white house after thursday s iowa caucuses , offer clearly different views on iraq .
kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban rebels on sunday ruled out more talks with the afghan government over their remaining south korean hostages and said the release of militant prisoners was the only way out of the crisis .
explosive device is still dangerous around the south korea troops deployed in the kurdish .
police are trying to identify the gunman and figure out how he managed to enter the large three story school situated in a bustling residential neighborhood with little notice .
the north made unprecedented progress last year , including closing its working plutonium reactor , but work slowed in a dispute over how much the north had to reveal in the declaration , due in december .
but they re also and less productive , respectively .
the arousing pictures lit up the same part of the brain that lights up when financial risks are taken .
smoke has been getting in the eyes of tobacco companies lately .
selling just the building ownership and leasing the land could cut home prices , but we need to figure out where the budget would come from to secure enough land , assistant finance minister lim young rok said last week .
survivors said the plane seemed to be going too fast as it approached the runway after a minute journey from the capital , jakarta .
the gunman shot one man in the head from a third floor balcony and others at point blank range , witnesses said .
adelaide , australia ap david hicks , the first guantanamo bay inmate to face a u . s . military tribunal , was flown back to his hometown of adelaide on sunday to serve out the remainder of his sentence in a maximum security prison cell .
paris , france cnn one fireman was killed and at least other people were injured thursday when gas leaking from a downtown street in the rhone valley city of lyon exploded .
that includes being able to go back to class , to get back into our normal routine as much as a possible without being held back by anything external , reminding us that it will be a difficult road .
turkey has threatened such action after congressional moves to declare that the killing of armenians by ottoman turks in world war i was genocide .
marcy is in fact not even sitting at the telescope .
chicago blocked green bay s potential game winning field goal at the end of regulation .
the decision , which is part of what the generals call their roadmap to democracy , comes after years of talks in a constitutional convention .
john mccain remained a distant third in iowa s republican race at percent , with former tennessee sen . fred thompson gaining two points to climb to fourth at percent .
one reporter bought a bottle of red ginseng whiskey for eight euros and hours later he found another shop selling it for just five euros .
investigators said this week that the fire had two points of origin , and they found evidence at the scene , although they declined to describe it .
state owned enterprises minister trevor mallard said there were reports the family had been warned about the overdue account .
iran and venezuela have proposed trading oil in a basket of currencies to replace the historic link to the dollar , but they had not been able to generate support from enough fellow opec members many of whom , including saudi arabia , are staunch u . s . allies .
the police will also question yahoo korea workers in charge of monitoring the site .
we do believe the ethiopian forces should not have to stay in somalia past a certain point , and that will require peacekeeping forces , very robust peacekeeping force , and so that will be part of my discussions here , rice said .
tight budget , like i m saying , we re picking off the dollar menu
the newcastle striker was withdrawn after minutes with a thigh strain and is out of wednesday s final euro qualifier with croatia at wembley .
three singaporean muslim women , all married to the same man , were sentenced to jail for persuading some of his under age daughters to have sex with him , court documents showed on thursday .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
no one has ever heard of another case of a six legged octopus , said display superviser carey duckhouse .
there was no change in the top six restaurants in the list compared to last year .
the attacks follow a series of kinetic strikes there since december , a military official said .
the one day civil servants strike was not expected to cripple those services , however .
, the group will specify the date , duration and other details of the potential work stoppage next month .
true , looks have always been a part of the music business
after analyzing data from almost , british mothers and their children over an eight year period , they found pregnant women who ate less than ounces of seafood a week did not protect their children from adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes .
the statement did not say how much of the spending is on new projects and how much is for ventures already in the pipeline that will be speeded up .
the united states is urging chinese restraint after days of violent protests in tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti chinese protesters to surrender .
yang is worried about the dogs because their numbers continue to multiply while donations are dwindling .
lavigne , who once scoffed at singers who stripped for the cameras , fronts the new issue of blender topless save for a strategically placed banner that reads hell yeah , i m hot !
american tyson gay blazed down the track in . seconds to claim the world metres title in osaka on sunday , beating world record holder asafa powell into third .
if they are confirmed to have fabricated academic or career records , they might be disqualified from office .
shia and sunni muslim leaders have expressed their condemnation , while us president george w bush branded it a despicable act of violence .
faster , stronger , sooner reveals that global warming is accelerating more rapidly than the predictions made in the ipcc s fourth assessment report published in .
we need to approach the old challenge of affordable housing with new energy , new ideas , and a new efficient style of leadership .
iran , which blames sectarian violence in iraq on the u . s . led invasion to topple saddam hussein in , said washington s efforts to isolate tehran fell flat .
following election authorities ruling that roh violated election laws by making an official pitch for the uri party , the grand national party and the millennium democratic party both demanded roh make an official apology .
, president roh made a phone call to kim to congratulate him on the fifth anniversary of his winning the nobel peace prize , promising his administration s support if kim makes a trip to the communist north .
analysts say that still smells of recession it s actually down from the week before , and less than economists feared .
the dow jones industrial average hit another record high wednesday , capping its longest winning stretch in almost years as investors welcomed strong earnings , lower oil prices , media merger news and a strong reading on manufacturing .
nearly , feet long , it passes a spectacular view of the thundering brook falls and through the ottauquechee river flood plain .
the event was hosted by oscar winners hilary swank and ben kingsley as well as bollywood star bipasha basu .
the afghan government is doing all it can to secure the release of south koreans held hostage by the taliban , president hamid karzai has said .
the year old van marwijk previously coached at borussia dortmund in germany and before that at feyenoord , leading the team to the uefa cup title .
flight jj , an airbus a , was coming to sao paulo from porto alegre , the airline said .
evander holyfield has raised the prospect of a rematch of his infamous world heavyweight title fight with mike tyson despite both men being into their s .
ladbrokes promptly installed the upper class socialite isabella anstruther gough calthorpe as favorite to marry william .
on monday , five of the six were on ventilators to help them breathe .
the court decision comes at a time when congress has been closely scrutinizing contractors and seeking ways to hold the companies accountable for their actions in war zones .
hillary clinton s victory in pennsylvania was extremely important . it has given her that boost in momentum that she needs going into indiana and north carolina , and it has helped her fundraising tremendously at a time when she s at a severe disadvantage to barack obama , cnn political editor mark preston said .
the device removed is useful but we can fly without it . . . i don t think it will affect the operation of the aircraft at all , said terry lutz , the plane s captain and head test pilot for airbus .
a day after the two koreas reached an informal agreement to resume bilateral talks , south korea s foreign minister , ban ki moon , warned pyongyang against conducting a nuclear test and said it should end efforts to exact apologies from washington for calling north korea an outpost of tyranny .
using the data collected , astronomers were able to calculate important properties about the black hole called sagittarius a
other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently .
on the korean peninsula , an oppressive regime rules a people living in fear and starvation , bush said .
mccain responded by calling lewis s remarks shocking and beyond the pale .
early gains , mirroring a bounce in asian stocks , were lost as the market fell flat , leaving london s ftse index . points down at at gmt as retailers warned of tough conditions .
the violence prompted the united nations to evacuate all international police personnel from northern mitrovica .
to find a new pyramid is always exciting , said hawass . and this one is magical .
it is not the first time that stern has entertained the concept of overseas expansion .
al askari said the united states is still waiting for the findings of the american investigation , but al maliki and most iraqi officials are completely satisfied with the findings of their probe and are insisting that blackwater leave the country .
a st century solution to the problem of keeping terrorists out of the united states .
casie was upgraded to serious condition monday at university medical center in las vegas .
us troops will now serve up to months in iraq and afghanistan instead of the usual month tours under new defense department rules .
there are around polish troops in the war torn country , with most in the qadisiya capital of diwaniya , some in baghdad and others in the southern city of kut .
he said his group just wants the industry to operate more responsibly .
mantovani said she had never imagined that she would go on tv to discuss such personal issues , but that she felt obliged to set the record straight because pavarotti could no longer do so himself and because alice would one day want to learn more about her father .
actor heath ledger was found dead tuesday of a possible drug overdose in a lower manhattan apartment , the new york police department said .
the mummy of an obese woman , who likely suffered from diabetes and liver cancer , has been identified as that of queen hatshepsut , egypt s most powerful female pharoah , egyptian archaeologists said wednesday .
since last summer , groups in burundi , ivory coast , myanmar , the democratic republic of the congo , sudan and somalia have been referred to the u . n . security council for possible sanctions .
he said that the landing gear appeared to give way when the plane came down at the far end of a runway .
children are going online at a younger and younger age these days . the younger you can start the better , talking to your children about it , so that it becomes ingrained as they go forward , he said .
south korea denounced japan s declaration as an attempt to downplay its past wrongdoing and gloss over historical truth .
he noted the deal between omx and nasdaq , announced on friday , had wide support .
in other words , industrywide there has been virtually no job loss despite at t s downsizing .
we will take necessary measures whenever the foreign exchange markets are unstable , the central bank said in the statement that called the report a misunderstanding .
he escaped unhurt . the country s top fugitive , alfredo reinado , and one of his men were killed in the attack on the president .
he epitomises the word loyalty he signed here as a year old schoolboy and is still with the club years on .
the korea times says the government has decided to relocate central government agencies and other state organizations to the new administrative capital , expected to be located in south chungchong province .
some right wing activists are attending the meeting in seoul , including us ambassador to south korea alexander vershbow , who on wednesday branded north korea a criminal regime for alleged state sanctioned drug trafficking , money laundering and arms sales .
police battle hundreds of rioters in two greek cities
u . n . inspectors must still seal the nuclear facilities and install closed circuit tv to monitor them .
sum eacute and cover letter
it said there was no suggestion boys were present or that drugs were involved but claimed a pupil said the students had been drinking .
the current constitution has not been changed since .
the technology is also available on desktop monitors and for video games .
asuncion , paraguay cnn paraguay s senate failed to muster a quorum tuesday , thereby frustrating president nicanor duarte frutos s bid to resign two months before the end of his term to join that same legislative body .
within the hour , the score was and the argentines had buckled for good .
although their results are widely used by economists as a measure of the educational component of human capital , they still leave some things to be desired .
a spokesman for the us attorney s office in new jersey , michael drewniak , said they would face charges of conspiracy to kill us servicemen .
oil prices are holding steady in asia after falling back from an overnight trading record near a barrel hit on concerns iran may consider cutting oil production .
the united states , which believes an offensive will make the unstable region even more volatile , is making attempts to stop such an attack .
in addition to expanding the watch list of potential terrorists , brown said background checks will be stepped up and british authorities will keep a closer eye on how it recruits doctors from other countries .
the winners , as chosen by the community , will be announced march .
and they accept flash memory devices , which have undergone a revolution in storage capacity storing a dozen movies is not a problem .
crowe , herbie hancock , and dionne warwick were among the artists on capitol hill to push for legislation to require radio stations to pay royalties to musicians , similar to what s paid to songwriters .
pelosi , the first woman house speaker , said she had not discussed king abdullah s recent criticism of the u . s . occupation of iraq , focusing instead on praise for the king s mideast peace initiative , and efforts to quell conflicts in somalia and darfur .
cast member chas licciardello got out of the car dressed in a white tunic and cap and wearing a long , fake , osama bin laden style beard .
the first would allow domains that do not use latin characters , meaning domain names using chinese , arabic or cyrillic letters .
korea also hopes to accomplish the shift in apparent defiance of conventional economic logic .
arrest warrant for teenagers for torturing a year old girl .
north korea has accused seoul of accelerating a nuclear arms race .
the economically inactive population refers to people over who do not participate in economic activities because of housekeeping , childcare , old age , health problems or other reasons .
today s korea herald says about percent of the government s contract workers will be granted regular job status and better pay as the government steps up efforts to improve working conditions for temporary employees .
with most train services stopped on the tracks , commuters squeezed into local trams and buses or used their cars instead , leading to traffic jams .
the nation s new high speed railroad service , the korea train express ktx , began service on thursday , launching korea into a new era of high speed railway travel , the korea times reports .
if the mother wants to go to the uk with her pregnant daughter , it s up to her , said the spokeswoman .
the songs in once really do spring from the characters , and it s thrilling to watch them develop over the course of the movie .
the self proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi s most wanted list , with a reward of up to million for information leading to his capture .
this anniversary has prompted some soul searching about malaysia s widening racial and religious divide .
we think that the announcement that some troops will be withdrawn has made people more determined to join the demonstration .
they agreed that poland should stage the draw , likely in january , for qualifying to decide which countries join the co hosts at the tournament .
hong kong s hang seng index jumped . points , or . percent , to , . .
stern , who was smith s companion at the time of her death , is listed on dannielynn s birth certificate as her father .
the ruling , broadcast live , was met by mixed reactions as seoul city and the opposition grand national party gnp hailed the judgment .
stern said the nba routinely monitors officials , employing observers to ensure one at every game . every game is also reviewed on video and some are audited by a group supervisor .
bosses of the o arena were cautioned but escaped a fine on wednesday after two members of the rolling stones defied england s new anti smoking law and lit up on stage .
indeed , biometric identification systems are a bit harder to fool than simply getting the password right .
there was no danger to any of the public , and there s no cause of concern in relation to that vehicle , assistant chief constable john malcolm said at a news conference in glasgow .
the day s first attack occurred about a . m . when a shark bit the foot of a year old girl about yards off the beach at wilbur by the sea south of daytona beach , said joe wooden , deputy chief of the daytona beach patrol .
last year , a restaurant in mumbai , india s financial and entertainment capital , changed its name from hitler s cross after the city s jewish community protested .
the five britons were seized along with two iraqis from an iraqi finance ministry building in baghdad and were said to have been taken toward the shiite neighborhood of sadr city .
the government move stirred worries among local businesses who face growing pressure to reduce the use of contract workers despite their demand for greater labor flexibility as a means to cut down on costs . today s korea herald says about percent of the government s contract workers will be granted regular job status and better pay as the government steps up efforts to improve working conditions for temporary employees .
the judiciary committee of the us house of representatives has voted to file a contempt of congress charge against two white house aides .
what makes this job cool is that , although you work hard ironing out the many wrinkles that big events entail , you get to visit various sites and network with people of every imaginable industry , which means you re not stuck at a desk all day .
jaffar amin returned to uganda in and worked for a courier company . he now does voice overs for advertisements .
state department was optimistic the banking dispute that last week held up north korean denuclearization talks can be overcome and is pretty close to being solved .
washington ap ice covered greenland really was green a half million or so years ago , covered with forests in a climate much like that of sweden and eastern canada today .
spokesmen for temasek and barclays declined to comment .
bill clinton won west virginia in and . george w . bush took the state in and .
meanwhile , a british soldier died on sunday of wounds from an accident at a british military base in sangin , the british ministry of defense said .
things aren t quite right and so we ve fixed the structural problems in the economy
among them , about million live in developing countries .
by october , the atmospheric region warms up and the hole begins to disappear .
he said president george w bush had consulted defense secretary donald rumsfeld , secretary of state condoleezza rice and national security adviser stephen hadley .
the next scene shows a different student urging at least three housekeepers to drink cups full of the stew , saying , this is our dorm s fear factor .
public health officials expect the number of cases to peak this summer , since the disease thrives in warm weather .
mccain called obama to congratulate him , obama s campaign said .
at least , people were killed by the november cyclone , according to the bangladeshi army , and the country s disaster management ministry says , people remain missing .
barcelona took the lead in the first match of their asian tour , a friendly to mark the one year countdown to the olympics , with a curling left foot shot from mexican teenager giovani dos santos in the th minute .
we hold them responsible and accountable .
but she acknowledged the mission is more difficult than we originally thought when nato forces were first deployed to afghanistan three years ago .
indian scientists have made an archaeological find suggesting the world s oldest cities came up about , years earlier than is currently believed .
tickets for the train are not supposed to be issued without passengers showing passports .
charles turner died in and the photos were kept as family mementos after his death .
once inside nieves apartment on manhattan s lower east side , the thieves bound her hands and feet and ransacked the house until they found the money .
sub zero temperatures , wind chills as low as below .
he was on the cbs early show .
in past incidents , china has allowed north korean defectors who sought asylum in foreign missions to leave for destinations of their choice .
such as sudden jerky movements , chewing motions , and hand tremors
it comes from former massachusetts governor william weld .
the government plans to begin construction of the new briefing rooms june , aiming to initiate the new policy by august .
iraq s governing council has signed an interim constitution after shiite leaders ended a deadlock that had threatened to undermine the transfer of sovereignty by the american led occupation force to the iraqi people scheduled for later this year .
because myanmar s government exercises tight control of news within the country , exile groups are often the only source of information about what is happening inside .
that challenges the belief of many people , including many scientists , that humans are superior to chimpanzees in all cognitive functions , said researcher tetsuro matsuzawa of kyoto university .
donetsk , ukraine cnn a methane blast ripped through a coal mine in eastern ukraine early sunday , killing at least miners in the ex soviet nation s worst mining accident in years , emergency officials said .
diana , , and fayed , , were killed along with chauffeur henri paul when their car crashed in the pont d alma tunnel in paris on aug . , .
she managed to answer questions from youngsters in boise , idaho , and alexandria , virginia . , earlier in the mission , and squeezed in a session with canadian students at flight s end .
the eighth seeded williams , an eight times grand slam winner , needed minutes to dispatch the year old kerber .
we can do things which will be devastating .
pakistani president pervez musharraf was expected to lift a six week old state of emergency and restore pakistan s constitution saturday , just a day after tweaking the charter to shore up his legal defenses .
bush holds talks later today at camp david with french president nikolas sarkozy and the head of the european commission .
a russian fighter jet has shot down an unmanned georgian spy plane as it flew over the breakaway region of abkhazia , georgia s air force commander said monday .
korean officials and financial authorities largely have refrained from intervening in the currency market recently . whether there will be any drastic change in the policy will be closely watched , analysts said .
at a hearing before the u . s .
bociurkiw said his organization , along with others , has been able to reach people who live in the southern irrawaddy delta region , but the need for aid is still intense .
there is a precedent .
he and the other kennedys are pushing for caroline kennedy s appointment to fill hillary rodham clinton s senate seat , should she be confirmed the secretary of state .
the year old who formerly worked at stanford university in the united states , took over kaist in july on a two year contract , extendable by two more years .
warning students , faculty and staff might have made a difference , the report says .
john darwin , , was charged by cleveland police in saturday evening with making an untrue statement to procure a passport and obtaining money transfer by deception , detective sgt . iain henderson of cleveland police said saturday .
garcia , who traveled the kilometers miles southeast of lima in a helicopter thursday , said arrangements were being made to get water and food into pisco .
the automaker says its current , dealers is just too many
not surprisingly , jellinek described his young , male readership as being obsessed with the year old lohan , a ubiquitous party girl who spent the weekend soaking up the sun with a new boyfriend in the bahamas .
future of alliance policy initiative talks
the owners cat , ingmar , has free run of the place , so those with feline allergies take note .
several books and documentaries dedicated to the young pharaoh , who is believed to have been the th ruler of ancient egypt s th dynasty and ascended to the throne around the age of , are popular around the world .
the college was incorporated into the university this year , and students who entered the college before the merger are not acknowledged as members of the university so they are not allowed to vote .
the launch will show how asia s biggest economy has opened dramatically to global commerce , transforming itself in the minds of multinational corporations into one of the world s most important new markets .
but a spinal deformity from the polio kept odell from wearing a more modern portable breathing device .
video released by the united nations showed patients squeezed two to a bed in shabby hospitals , with compresses over their eyes and facial injuries from being struck by a wave of glass , rubble and heat in thursday s blast .
the public s reaction to polaroid s announcement reflects that .
it is important that we also take steps to increase domestic production and our refining capacity .
but they never looked capable of getting back on even terms as roma held on for a famous victory , made easier by the sending off on minutes of deco , who was sent off for a second yellow card .
it s got a stone that s really shiny .
the pentagon s report , issued on friday , expressed concern over china s growing military might and called for greater transparency over its spending .
gryzlov said he expected to meet with putin later sunday to discuss the results .
a court in dubai has sentenced two britons to three months in prison for having sex on a public beach in the muslim country .
the twin spacecraft give researchers the vantage point to provide the observations needed to validate the models .
correspondents say it is now feared many of the weapons are being used against us forces on the ground in iraq .
a powerful sunni muslim tribal leader and critic of the u . s . led occupation was named president of iraq s incoming government tuesday , after iraqi leaders rejected the bush administration s preferred candidate for the post .
a top media executive said on condition of anonymity that the decision to suspend broadcasts had taken back democratic process by years .
they did want to negotiate .
xinhua said that , following the reports of child labor , some , police were dispatched to the , kilns in henan .
we ll see jugglers , we ll see unicycle riders , we ll see people in costume and makeup , but those things don t make a clown .
kari dalane , a university of vermont sophomore , says most of her contemporaries are politically active and not overly self centered .
women had certain dresses and jackets to wear just for flying in the airplane . back then it was this brand new experience and you had to dress for it .
in one county alone , near the south korean border , some , homes have been completely destroyed , affecting , people , lysholm told bbc news .
yes , clinton said when pressed to answer whether obama , the senator from illinois , could win .
italian films won the second place grand prize and third place jury prize .
a local journalist said about others , mostly protesters , were taken to a hospital for treatment of shock , and a serb member of the kosovo police force was being treated for a gunshot wound .
in some of the gaps , or just trying to release some that had come out before , venzke said in an e mail to the associated press .
in , china became only the third country in the world after the united states and russia to send a human into earth s orbit , following that up with a two man mission in .
fujimori , , is under house arrest in chile .
by points , those polled said obama was the stronger leader during the debate .
and because of rising global production costs , putin said , prices will only get higher .
protests have been held in cities around the world in a show of sympathy for tibet , where anti government riots erupted last month .
the most common way people choose to break up is to withdraw and stop communicating , says patterson , author of crucial confrontations
prime minister nuri al maliki wrote a letter to president bush last week asking him to order the military to hand over the three men , the official in al maliki s office said .
we began in genesis , and we read all the way through without commentary or comment , to the end .
famous names such as dita von teese and michael sheen , have acted in movies shown at rushes
they may be percent water and have only calories per cup , but mushrooms are getting serious scientific attention .
a court convicted klar of nine murders and counts of attempted murder in .
abe , elaborating on his denial last week that women were forced to serve as frontline prostitutes , said none of the testimony in hearings last month by the u . s . house of representatives offered any solid proof of abuse .
we lamented the fact that the men had so much shame about erectile dysfunction , how rarely anyone came for medical attention , said dr . abraham morgentaler , an associate clinical professor of urology at harvard medical school .
he expressed confidence in defeating the former seoul mayor lee whom he described as the candidate espousing distorted capitalism .
when theenvelope . com http www . theenvelope . com posted the list of the top finalists in each category during the weekend , citing multiple judges who were screening the series as sources , it also shed light on this year s voting process .
the korea herald reports the step , which results from the government s plan to reform higher education , will reduce the number of new enrollees this coming march to about , from about , this year .
janeiro , brazil cnn the national indian foundation says one of brazil s last uncontacted indian tribes has been spotted in the far western amazon jungle near the peruvian border .
their relatives have criticized murray and the federal mine safety and health administration , accusing them of having given up their loved ones .
north korean television broadcast a series of photos in october showing kim during a visit to a military facility .
bush also renewed his demand that congress allow drilling in alaska s arctic national wildlife refuge , or anwr , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the green river basin of colorado , utah and wyoming .
ruling and opposition parties agreed to relocate ministries .
as of tuesday , no letters from harry lamin have been posted this year
the korea herald reports the marital status of the year old north korean leader has never been officially confirmed , but it s no secret he has been romantically involved with a succession of women , many of them actress or singers , including his reputed third wife , ko young hee .
karzai wants to draw the taliban into afghanistan s political mainstream , if that radical group accepts the country s constitution .
prosecutor kim hong il said sunday the court has accepted the request for extending the detention period of kim , who is at the center of the bbk financial scandal .
the us military has imposed a curfew on its troops in okinawa amid tensions over incidents involving service personnel , including an alleged rape .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
state department spokesman sean mccormack said the north koreans had refused to sign an agreement on how to verify their nuclear activities .
that includes billion yuan . billion planned for next year that will be moved up to the fourth quarter of this year .
some local news media reported that almeida had said her husband doubted whether he was renata s real father and planned dna testing to confirm his paternity .
as per the law of land , the investigation has to be carried on by india , mukherjee said .
redoubt volcano , which has erupted times since last night , sending an ash plume more than miles into the sky .
but then once personal computing and online communications have been installed into your life , they re hard to uninstall .
typical of many coastal villagers , kanchan has lost not only his home , but also his livelihood .
karan grewal , who once shared a dorm suite with cho , said one video appears to have been filmed in a common area of the dormitory .
in the worst incident , five soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in north eastern baghdad on thursday .
the eight explosions started at about p . m . gmt and detonated within minutes of each other , police said .
wilfried thiesen wrote that he had found a class ring bearing the college s name while diving off mauritius .
thousands of villagers have rioted in south western china over the country s controversial family planning restrictions , reports say .
bolton has been accused of being a poor manager and shaping intelligence .
among the ministers are australia s first female deputy prime minister , julia gillard .
president george w . bush tentatively slated for between late september and early october
police said the girl killed herself , and they released several suspects , hong kong cable tv , a cnn affiliate , reported .
from a new campaign video designed to show his softer side to brief remarks from the podium by jim rassmann , a vietnam veteran who credited kerry with saving his life .
analysts say the move shows the north koreans are serious about a pledge to shut down and seal the reactor .
two days after reaching a plan with the kenyan government to end violence that has wracked the country for more than a month , the opposition party asked both the united nations and the african union to send in peacekeepers .
when the athenians finally wanted not to give to society , he wrote , but the society to give to them .
but changing fashion wears out shoes just as fast as running .
berlin , germany ap no more croissants for knut the polar bear cub the berlin zoo is putting its most famous resident on a diet .
couples also would benefit from simply communicating with their partners about what they want in bed .
later , she concluded her visit by sharing a toast with president bush celebrating the close alliance of britain and the united states .
three of his employees and clients are also being investigated , they said .
yes , answers hashem , a year old computer enthusiast who recently returned to this southwestern city after living in pakistan as a refugee .
her son tried to sell it on ebay but the picture would not upload .
i m the new national team s coach but we can talk about the details at tomorrow s tuesday s news conference , he said after leaving the bulgarian football union bfu executive committee s meeting .
they are demanding the resignation of prime minister mari alkatiri , whom they blame for sacking hundreds of striking soldiers in march .
korean high school students scored an average on last year s toeic , points higher than the score among university students , largely due to a soaring demand for english proficiency for college admissions .
last month , choi also said that usfk had deployed nuclear weapons in south korea but withdrew the nuclear arms from the country around after the two koreas signed an agreement not to hold nuclear arms on the peninsula .
clearing roads is a high priority in order to move supplies urgently to the population in need , the world health organization said in a written statement .
last summer almost , people visited mendenhall .
buckingham palace plans on posting archive footage on the video sharing web site , including her maiden christmas day television speech sent out to britain and its former colonies in , the sunday times reported .
neil entwistle , , repeatedly closed his eyes and shook his head as the foreman read the verdict guilty of two first degree murder charges , possession of a firearm and possession of ammunition .
richard fuld is the chief financial officer for lehman .
an aide to obama said they were going to let the pictures speak for themselves .
once installed on the laptop , the software shows a live shot of what the robot s camera sees , various behavioral options and the robot s battery levels .
nearly percent of those accepted are asian , . percent are black and . percent are latino .
if you put a rat in a cage by itself , it won t do well on cognitive tests . but if you give it toys and put other rats in its cage , they re going to be smarter rats .
human skin cells have been reprogrammed by two groups of scientists to mimic embryonic stem cells with the potential to become any tissue in the body .
rice planned to visit chile after her stop in brazil , using the opportunity to engage leaders who the bush administration says have been helpful to u . s . economic and anti terrorism efforts .
there were disruptive protests as the relay passed through europe .
krugman won the nobel for his analysis of how economies of scale can affect trade patterns and the location of economic activity .
the number of confirmed cases is now .
protect the taxpayer , make sure that there isn t excessive compensation for ceos , oversight body , not leaving all the decisions in the hands of one individual .
clapton is regarded as one of rock s greatest guitarists , with a string of hits since the s including include layla , cocaine and tears in heaven .
iran is still withholding critical information that could determine whether it is trying to make nuclear weapons , the international atomic energy agency said in a restricted report .
the u . s . move to recognize kosovo as an independent nation prompted serbia to pull its ambassador to the united states and warn other countries that recognize kosovo that diplomatic action would be taken .
the incident deals a setback to military efforts to weaken the tamil tigers .
obama and bush were not expected to speak on camera after their meeting .
even the local stock market seems affected by the nasty weather .
two koreas agreed on unified team for asian game .
the group said win shwe , a member of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi s national league for democracy nld , was cremated at the detention center . the report could not be independently verified .
the german dax suffered most , dropping . percent to , .
a survey of what people know about aids found that four out of mistakenly believe it is possible to get the disease by sharing a drinking glass or being coughed or sneezed on by an infected person .
how his amazing bar was coming along and how they thought harrell would lose the bet .
all thanks to a nail , now wrapped safely away in a plastic bag .
meanwhile , the head of the un refugee agency said he was deeply concerned that the turkish action could lead to big displacements of people .
the federal communications commission cleaved the two businesses apart in the s with arcane regulations known as the financial interest syndication rules .
company head thomas johansson told the associated press that richards wrote the letter and gave it to him after reading translations of the swedish reviews .
the transfer took place january , the indictment alleges .
this time , messenger will provide views of the opposite side of the planet , never before seen by a spacecraft .
in , a series of new rules and regulations kick in that could affect your vacation .
gotten the attention of nato , which has sent a cyber expert to estonia to help amid concerns that the military alliance might also be targeted , a nato official said thursday .
three people in western hyogo prefecture state and seven in chiba prefecture near tokyo suffered severe abdominal pains , vomiting and diarrhea after eating the frozen dumplings imported from china by a japanese company , the health ministry said .
the children are often beaten or threatened with arrest to force them to enlist , the report says .
recently there have been signs that the situation on the korean peninsula is easing , kim was paraphrased as saying to chinese foreign minister yang jiechi in a ministry statement .
the visit will be a follow up to the trip made by a tri national team of nuclear engineers last month .
the korean air force said yesterday two of the two pilots of a kf fighter jet that crashed in the yellow sea friday night are presumed dead .
wednesday also saw the first death since the clashes erupted two days earlier at the university of dhaka .
cnn a passenger jet crashed sunday at phuket international airport in southern thailand shortly after landing , killing of the people on board , according to health ministry officials .
she was found guilty of corruption and sentenced to five years in prison .
mcnamara said the jet s left hand main landing gear suffered substantial damage that was delaying the removal of the jet from the runway .
change your walking route , sample a new food , garden for a few minutes , or pick up a pencil and draw .
about a dozen people sustained minor injuries and up to , homes are without power .
the man went missing during an attack on an israeli tank which killed two of its crew , a military spokesman said .
it was felt across the british isles and in northwestern germany . the quake killed one person .
a word of caution for first time investors thinking of diving into the stock market here
president roh moo hyun and japan s prime minister shinzo abe agreed yesterday to hold a summit at an appropriate time to discuss ways of improving bilateral relations , the presidential office announced .
it is headed for central and eastern cuba .
radcliffe s racy role in the london stage production of equus , in which he played a troubled stableboy who mutilates horses , was a departure from his wholesome image .
london brent crude gained . to . a barrel at gmt . u . s . crude rose cents to . a barrel .
they have their lives interrupted and so whenever they feel something , they start to cry and then run here back and forth primarily .
the news came as farmers and aid groups warned of a future food crisis after the cyclone destroyed swathes of fertile rice growing land .
they know the territory . they know the enemy .
on monday july , yang was sentenced to years in prison after being convicted of fraud and bribery , a stunning downfall for a leader of china s new capitalist class .
a us defence department analyst has admitted giving classified information about military communication systems to a businessman working for communist china .
included in lee s plan is the overhaul of english language education in korea .
referring to bin laden , dadullah told the network , praise be to god he is still alive , and we have information about him and praise be to god he orchestrates plans in both iraq and afghanistan .
authorities had initially said the crash on wednesday evening killed seven people .
chengdu , china cnn a powerful . magnitude aftershock hit china s sichuan province sunday , reportedly damaging more than , homes in the region where at least , people were killed by a powerful earthquake on may .
in the event of particularly heavy rain and a major aftershock , the chances of a catastrophic failure would stand at percent , liu estimated .
kuznetsov was charged thursday with setting up a religious organization associated with violence .
aids costs the world s labor force .
the joong ang ilbo reports that , yielding to pressures from environmental groups , the government said yesterday it would reduce the planned percentage of power generation from nuclear plants after .
rahm emanuel categorically dismisses any suggestion that geithner is in trouble .
devoid of grueling questions and often lackluster , the first candidate verification hearing by a political party was criticized for serving only as a stage for the presidential aspirants to defend themselves before the public .
i am very saddened , mitchell told the workers and chinese embassy staff from grenada and neighboring trinidad and tobago .
but as the wedding approached , nowick says , she felt overwhelmed by her friend s bickering and constant demands .
tricked out in all the wealth of the middle ages and renaissance , it must have been stunning .
with the election less than a month away , polls show over half of voters support the gnp while its candidate lee myung bak , a former seoul mayor and ex ceo of hyundai engineering and construction co . , has around percent support .
later that year , she appeared in arthur laurents comedy invitation to a march , which had incidental music by stephen sondheim .
seoul , south korea cnn prime minister han seung soo and the entire south korean cabinet offered to resign tuesday amid an uproar over an unpopular deal to resume importing u . s . beef , the yonhap news agency reported .
we hope to show that adding flavonoids to their diets will provide additional protection from heart disease and give women the opportunity to take more control over reducing their risk of heart disease in the future .
don t tell them what to do , she said , let them figure it out .
the fact that barack obama is attacking john mccain , despite mccain s leadership on the issue , shows that barack obama is driven by the partisan attacks that americans are tired of , bounds said .
clinton , now a democratic u . s . senator from new york , vividly describes her pain over the betrayal in living history , her new memoir covering her eight years in the white house .
it took a sneaky study to find out
roddick will next face new tournament favourite novak djokovic for a place in the final after the third seed overwhelmed russian igor andreev .
television pictures showed police struggling with shiroo and pushing him into a police car .
in , led zeppelin became the first rock band ertegun signed to atlantic , a label which had been better known for soul and r b music before then .
this is standard profit taking after a rally , said dave rovelli , managing director of u . s . equity trading at canaccord adams .
cadillac rides smoothly
the united states is backing israel to continue the occupation of our land , said year old construction worker fadi suleiman .
the meeting comes on the heels of a recent unicef report on the commercial sexual exploitation of children profiting from abuse that provides a barrage of statistics and testimonials from victims .
it allows the complete or partial interruption of economic relations the blockage of rail , sea and air transportation the interruption of postal , telegraphic and radio services , as well as other means of communication and the severance of diplomatic relations .
while high fashion may be slow to adopt practical technology , designers have been quick to embrace technology in order to create dazzling new styles .
trains across france and the metro paris s subway system are expected to come to a halt starting wednesday night , ricard said .
there s a woman in colorado who salvages bagel scraps and cuts lotion bottles in half to scrape out the last drops .
the aircraft cracked in two after it crashed at the end of runway , which lies very close to a rail line and houses .
a government official told cnn s jeanne meserve that a note has been found indicating cho showed anger against rich kids .
he said had a love affair with radio
china s coal mines average deaths a day in fires , explosions and floods , despite government efforts to improve safety .
burnout creeps up and you don t know until you re in the midst of it , says dr . todd dewett , author of the book leadership redefined .
indiana state police have shut down the mile long indiana toll road because of ice .
lee from the conservative grand national party gnp won the presidential election in a landslide victory on dec . by claiming that he is the only candidate capable of reviving the sluggish economy .
gibraltar has been a contested area between london and madrid more than people have died in a blaze on board an egyptian train .
kaka opened the scoring in the th minute for brazil with a clear shot past peru goalkeeper diego penny .
schumer , one of gonzales chief critics , appealed to the administration to work with us to nominate someone whom democrats can support and america can be proud of .
maradona offered job of argentine coach
his son had worked on winning a presidential pardon for his dad , who had helped smuggle weapons to jews fighting in what was then palestine in the late s .
china launched the prototype of a manned space vessel into orbit designed to pave the way for the country s first human space flight , state media has reported .
in theory , the much discussed convergence of computing , telecommunications , information , and entertainment creates a hierarchy of value .
between me and his daughters , there is no disagreement , particularly over pavarotti s decision to leave mantovani with the couple s new york properties .
they included eight protesters and a japanese video journalist .
while stunkard and his colleagues don t have easy explanations , they generally blame various size portions of sloth , gluttony , and genes .
republicans generally backed the bill while stressing their own administration s success in stopping another major terrorist attack .
more than , people have been ordered to evacuate as fierce winds fan fast moving fires that have ravaged land from santa barbara to mexico .
shares in ba leapt more than percent on the news , soaring pence . within an hour .
tiger woods and general motors have announced that they will conclude their nine year endorsement deal at the end of december .
the korea times reports north korea agreed tuesday to return to the long stalled six way talks on its nuclear program , just weeks after the communist country conducted a nuclear bomb test .
i apologize to the people , .
tickets average about rupees cents .
although some republicans had reservations about bolton , the senate foreign relations committee had looked set to vote along party lines and send his controversial nomination to the full senate .
the july crash at congonhas airport killed all aboard the jetliner and people on the ground in brazil s deadliest air disaster .
the agency says in the past , it has not been easy to provide food to north koreans because of shortages of funds .
especially if combined with weight training , a harvard study of more than , men suggests .
under a deal struck in february , north korea began to disable its nuclear reactor at yongbyon which produced weapons grade plutonium for the bomb it tested in in exchange for economic and energy assistance .
full security close to impossible
the house of representatives voted thursday to require most u . s . troops to leave iraq by april , .
they have their own rules for breeding and shows .
the korea times reports the third round of six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff will likely take place from june in beijing .
supporters and other people gathered outside the court erupted in applause .
the united states has regularly criticized germany , france , italy and other allies that refuse to allow their troops in afghanistan to join u . s . forces on the front line against the taliban in the insurgents southern strongholds .
tom rainey smith , one of the atek founding members , said that the organization will take a leading role in building bridges between foreign teachers and parents , employers , government agencies and other stakeholders in english language education in korea .
but in some cases they might have to drive to a hospital to make a manual update .
october gasoline rose . cents to . a gallon .
luis was more than kilometers west of antigua .
he is the first politician with an islamist background to become head of state since the creation of the deeply secular turkish republic in .
when asked about howard s comment , a senior white house official voiced support for the australian leader .
another rocket hit the building several minutes later , the sources said .
but mccain said earlier tuesday that he was confident he would emerge as the presumptive nominee by the end of the night .
heavy winds and rains lashed the pakistani city of karachi , destroyed homes and flooding streets .
the money was supposedly part of million won chung took from busan based constructor kim sang jin in return for influence peddling in august last year .
none have died , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention .
representatives from such industry umbrella groups as the korea automobile manufacturers association kama and the korea display industry association kdia said it is imperative that local companies be allowed to export goods without paying import duties if a free trade agreement fta is reached .
the three sudanese people affected include two high ranking government officials and a rebel leader , according to the u . s . treasury department .
another died when they were struck by lightning , rescue officials and witnesses said .
choose a scented candle with care .
the year old actress welcomed her first child , a boy named river russell deary , on june in new york , her publicist , jill fritzo , said tuesday .
a lot of money , million , a lot more supposed to be paid out in the future . why did not treasury step in and let the american people know .
they just want to get money for it , kloner said .
football hooliganism tarnishes the sport once again as italian football fans have reacted violently inside and outside stadiums following the police shooting of a lazio supporter .
wastes that cannot be recycled must be treated and rendered safe for disposal .
i don t think we know who picked up the phone and said , the quds force , go do this , but we know it s a vital part of the iranian government .
but heartland golf park in deer park will let you tee off until a . m .
in a rare display of anger toward hezbollah , the highest sunni spiritual authority in lebanon criticized the group of taking advantage of the strike by turning it into a political opportunity and accused members of fomenting violence in beirut .
the textbook forum , a group of new rightist scholars , disclosed its final version of the new textbook yesterday .
after nearly three hours of discussion , seidlin authorized perper to take a dna swab from inside smith s cheek , but allowed no attorneys to be present .
the ap s mark smith has that part of the story , live from the white house
a recent escalation in rows led to madonna and ritchie communicating via their personal assistants , the sun reported .
taiwanese and kenyans were among those released .
the village of triesenberg , perched above the valley , gathers around its onion domed church , which recalls the settlers who arrived here centuries ago from the western part of switzerland .
the kremlin said his funeral would take place amid a day of national mourning on wednesday , the associated press reported .
michelle obama saying the girls will have chores at the whitehouse .
mitrovica was calmer tuesday , u . n spokesman ivanko said .
chinese stocks soared thursday after the government cut a tax on stock transactions in a move widely seen as an effort to boost slumping markets .
he says that the prophet mohammed wanted to be a martyr , and that is a worthy goal for every muslim .
weather of a different sort is continuing to cause problems in the caribbean , tropical storm omar is now churning in the region .
at the meeting , goh said that the government should offer emergency aid for victims of thursday s train explosion even if north korea makes no official request .
the news was greeted with defiant cheers from thousands of protesters at the main airport .
further discouraging foreign financial institutions participation in making seoul an economic hub the seoul central district prosecutors office tuesday indicted and fined hermes investment management on charges of manipulating stock prices .
any sunni reluctance to yield their status to the majority shiites could stand in the way of democracy .
the deadline for people to submit ideas for the initiative , called project , was monday .
however , they equalised in the th minute with a swift counter attack when graziano pelle clipped a shot into the corner after good work by simon cziommer .
however , in a few instances , cases have been linked to consumption of dishes made of raw contaminated poultry blood .
but the study said mammals are critically endangered , including the iberian lynx , which has at most adults remaining .
us presidential hopefuls are holding their final full day of campaigning before the nominating contest begins in earnest with the iowa caucuses .
president roh moo hyun thursday appointed vice foreign minister lee tae sik as the new ambassador to the united states .
jon , it reflects the president s fury at learning wall street paid itself billion in bonuses last year , even as taxpayers rescued top companies from collapse .
the white house is due to deliver to congress next week an assessment on bush s increase of , troops to iraq this year .
british prime minister gordon brown is concerned about a number of european nations getting swept up by the global financial crisis .
the new poll , conducted after the broadcast attracted an estimated . million viewers , had royal closing the gap on sarkozy and even besting him in the first round of the two round election .
the food may be irradiated , freeze dried and vacuum packed , but endeavour astronaut steve bowen says the menu is down to earth
later , hussain osman , , was also found guilty of conspiracy to murder for taking part in the plot .
thirty four members , or percent , responded , although some said the optimal time depended on the couple .
of steep plunges over the atlantic ocean .
instead , he spoke of the suffering of both israelis and palestinians .
we shouldn t be selling the drilling rights in this important polar bear habitat before deciding how we are going to protect them , markey said as the hearing opened .
although noting that jews have faced prejudice for many centuries , the book takes a more sinister view of their role in the united states .
moore s film searched for the roots of violence in america by looking at everything from school shootings to racism to the national rifle association .
here s the naked truth about nude recreation
he said that he and his family had suffered enough but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence .
the stunt embarrassed sydney police who have imposed the tightest security measures in city history for a summit of leaders from pacific rim countries , including bush .
edwards traveled to new orleans , where he launched his campaign more than a year ago , to make the surprise announcement that he was folding his campaign .
across all age groups , women were less likely than men to report having engaged in sexual activity during the previous year .
i work for the american people .
the year old priest lifted off wearing a helmet , an aluminum thermal flight suit , waterproof coveralls and a parachute .
she already has chuku s good wishes
gen esperon described the findings of the latest report as strained , unfair and a blank accusation .
i still must pass a medical on monday but yes , i have chosen barcelona , the france striker told french sports daily l equipe . i will sign there for the next four seasons .
she worked remotely for her old employer until october , and has been looking for a full time position for more than a year now , but says she can t even get in the door for an interview .
a day after putin blamed u . s . policy for inciting other countries to seek nuclear weapons to defend themselves , gates responded
again , the dow is up nearly points .
heavy equipment to help in clearing the debris is en route .
baghdad , iraq cnn richard butler , the cbs journalist rescued by iraqi soldiers in the southern iraqi city of basra on monday , described a quick escape and brilliant military work that ended his two long months of captivity .
it is a landmark agreement that will put the institution on a solid financial footing and modernize the imf s structure and operations , he said in a statement .
his party holds of the seats in parliament .
skull bones were extremely thick , with ridges and grooves characteristic of some type of armor or protective shield .
the source has asked not be named because the source has not been authorized by the airlines to discuss the talks .
nevado del huila , about miles kilometers southwest of bogota , has a summit of , feet , meters .
meanwhile , the german government tuesday raised questions about the conviction of song , who is a german citizen .
chavez said petrocaribe members collective debt for venezuelan crude is currently near . billion and is expected to grow to . billion by .
you can glide along the river in a flat bottomed gondola guided by young men outfitted in straw boaters who propel the craft along with long poles , venice style .
maryland state police superintendent colonel terrence sheridan says the weather was not good at the time of the crash .
one theory , the cdc says , is that young males might be more likely to engage in water sports such as water skiing or wakeboarding .
on thursday , the supreme court annulled the polls and said the previous parliament had authority . the acting president , kurmanbek bakiev , supports the court ruling .
the school for social justice pride campus , which officials say will not be exclusive to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students , is aimed at being safe and welcoming for any student looking for another school option , said josh edelman , executive officer in the chicago public schools office of new schools .
obama was projected to take vermont , but the contests in ohio and texas were too close to call .
spanish news reports said anti terror judge baltasar garzon issued the order .
the two sides held a third bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the main talks on thursday .
specter will continue to perform his senate duties and conduct his campaign for re election to a sixth term , but will undergo weeks of chemotherapy , the written statement said .
asian stocks fired ahead , with all major markets showing gains .
since then , ecudaor has broken off relations with colombia , and venezuela says it has moved troops to its border with colombia .
the . magnitude temblor struck about p . m . a . m . et , according to the u . s . geological survey .
their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier .
more than , comfort women suffered gang rape , forced abortions and other humiliations under japan s colonial and wartime occupation of asia from the s through the duration of world war ii , a statement posted on honda s web site said .
because of the unusually high temperatures all our lifeguards have been put on high alert , plyasunov told the vesti news channel .
the indictment against leung charges her with two counts of copying classified documents with the intent to use them to benefit a foreign nation .
however , the victory over valencia moves them up to second place , two points ahead of sevilla and two points behind bitter foes and league leaders barcelona , although both of real s rivals in the title race have a game in hand .
he has long campaigned for the environment and for the rights of people with hiv and aids .
ankara is recalling its ambassador to washington for consultations amid anger at a vote in congress labeling the mass killing of armenians as genocide .
although a few hard core supporters demand that south korea switch to a monarchy , yi considers such demands unrealistic .
this is the second time the bronze landmark has been defaced since march , also during protests .
but koreans reportedly rejected the u . s . demand to set up special regulations to oversee chaebol .
other guests attending a dinner in the club s honor included real madrid president ramon calderon and england and manchester united legend bobby charlton .
the two sides have no other choice but to choose between agreement and breakdown this week as u . s .
the pentagon says the divorce rate has gone up for both the army and marines in the past fiscal year .
i don t know if you want to call those mistakes or not , but they were things didn t go according to plan , let s put it that way , bush said .
that is our journey .
the fire continued to burn into the night . paulo barros told the brazilian newspaper o globo that he was getting ready to board a flight to brasilia on another runway when the plane crashed .
santa cruz s broad beach is just steps away .
democrat jimmy carter , , and republican george bush , who is also , and his son , president bush , and their wives , attended a rain soaked ceremony on the bank of the arkansas river .
still , the show in london attracted . million visitors , which remains a record for uk museums .
abbas declared a state of emergency as hamas fighters seized control of gaza last week .
british airways , the only airline using the terminal , confirmed that passengers could now only check in with hand luggage .
the girl , identified only by her last name , kim , was found lying unconscious on a bathroom floor last thursday night , when a friend of the seven teenagers reported them to police .
campaigners say china holds the key to aung san suu kyi s release .
north korea s leadership demanded an apology yesterday from the united states for labeling the communist state an outpost of tyranny , while at the same time saying its military was prepared to resume long range missile testing .
mechanical engineering professor masayuki nakao said thursday that he and his students at the university of tokyo used a carbon based material to produce a noodle bowl with a diameter of , of an inch .
people shouting in arabic could be heard in the background .
us president george w bush has suffered an unexpected and embarrassing blow after a new delay in john bolton s passage to becoming the us ambassador to the united nations .
i see the guy as more like john wayne , which is to say i don t like his politics but he s endearing in a strange , goofy , awkward way , and he did capture the imagination of the country , he said .
in north america , the toronto stock exchange fell . percent , while mexico city closed down . percent .
an anti terror bill has been passed in the philippines aimed at tackling militants in the south .
almost one fifth of the seats contested in thailand s general election are being investigated over alleged voting irregularities , officials say .
tornado warnings are up as well
in what some consider another waste of public funds , the government plans to establish an english only town on cheju island to provide high quality english learning opportunities to students who would otherwise head overseas for language learning , the ministry of finance and economy said yesterday .
it is speculated that president roh moo hyun and george w . bush will declare the fta conclusion through a telephone summit over the weekend .
working groups created within the framework of the six party talks are holding sessions to discuss by category the steps toward north korea s nuclear disablement , and the corresponding economic and political benefits .
the revision is designed to evenly distribute the assets , which couples create over their marriage life , to their spouses regardless of the number of other heirs .
paul krugman , the princeton university scholar and new york times columnist , won the nobel economic prize monday for his analysis of how economies of scale can affect trade patterns and the location of economic activity .
whitticase said his group received a prompt response from the prince s deputy private secretary , informing it of the prince s decision to stay away .
las vegas , nevada cnn miss michigan kirsten haglund , a year old aspiring broadway star , was crowned miss america on saturday in a live show billed as the unveiling of the year old pageant s new , hipper look .
but he said , they recently in the last few weeks , they have changed their position . they have advised some of their allies in the iraqi political arena to change their position and start supporting the government to give the baghdad security plan a good chance of success .
but a number of analysts still say that further rate cuts are needed .
they spoke at a joint news conference shortly after signing an agreement to make their parties coalition official .
opponents of same sex marriage have said a constitutional marriage amendment should be placed on the november ballot , and that national efforts should be made to generate a federal marriage amendment .
we have taken immediate action to rectify this and we sincerely apologize for any offense this may have caused .
most winners are selected by a vote of more than , industry members , including representatives from record companies , the media , retailers , record producers , disc jockeys and promoters .
the democratic candidates had agreed not to campaign in either state , and clinton was the only major candidate on michigan s ballot .
with plans to unveil new policy ideas this week on the economy one of mccain s weak spots and a speech on national security , mccain advisers insist they re on track .
indeed , the only side effects of tlc you ll encounter are more energy , weight loss , and better overall health .
this is a lot of taxpayer risk in return for not much .
petacchi , desperate to take part in the tour de france starting on saturday , has a medical certificate to use a set amount of salbutamol in his asthma inhaler and was heard by ettore torri , the italian olympic committee s prosecutor .
these photos were very private and have not been shown to people and were never intended to be shown to anyone , chen said at a press conference , adding that the photos were stolen from him and distributed without his approval .
lincoln , nebraska cnn the troubled teen who killed eight people and himself at an omaha , nebraska , mall was placed in a mental health treatment center five years ago after making homicidal threats toward his stepmother , a state official said thursday .
meanwhile , intel will continue with its own inexpensive laptop design called the classmate , which it is marketing in some of the same emerging markets olpc has targeted .
consumers buy shares of a harvest prior to the planting , freeing the farmer from assuming all the financial risks .
venice , italy cnn nobody worry about me , says bill murray .
discovery , the space shuttle , comes back safely .
the four dead were caught in two landslides in kagoshima and miyazaki prefectures on kyushu island .
but boniface chidyausiku , zimbabwe s ambassador to the united nations , said after the security council vote that the runoff would take place as planned .
the nine , including three former soviet republics , joined already enjoying the benefits under the schengen agreement .
zardari said thursday that he and sharif intend to stay together in parliament .
u . s . national security council nsc spokesman gordon johndroe said that the u . s . does not want to get involved in south korea s election politics , and hopes to continue cooperative relations with the next president , according to yonhap news .
morrison s four boys and two girls were premature , delivered after just weeks .
rights groups estimate that up to , people disappeared under idi amin s eight year regime .
the casualties were the most serious suffered by the au mission since it arrived in , an au statement said .
the man , whose face initially was disguised behind a digitalized swirl , is now thought to be on the run in thailand , interpol said .
tournament officials also said that germany s tommy haas has withdrawn .
gone also is a threat of future sanctions but british prime minister gordon brown warned on tuesday that if any party blocks progress and the killings continue , i and others will redouble our efforts to impose further sanctions .
someone close to stiles has told investigators that stiles is a survivalist type and always carries a weapon , nye county district attorney bob beckett said .
about monks shouted pro tibetan slogans and defended the dalai lama as journalists toured the jokhang temple , the visiting reporters said .
he described man sha as one of the most important people in the rebel group , which he said has received numerous warnings that myanmar s military leaders planned to target and kill knu leaders .
now that he is grown , the zoo does not have room to keep knut permanently and are considering other offers from zoos in europe , with an eye to finding him a mate , officials say .
survivors were facing their third night without electricity in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that also clogged roads with thousands of downed trees .
what s important is being able to figure out how swiftly we can fix the problem and return to normal .
the video game is quite short , only offering about seven or eight hours of play between both sides of the story .
this protesters wears a mask of the ousted leader .
a man doused himself with gasoline and tried to set himself on fire but was stopped by police .
what she saw was page after page of ink and watercolor drawings that convey , with simple lines yet telling detail , the brutality of dachau , the nazi concentration camp where her father spent the last weeks of world war ii .
sudan s muslim government is hostile to israel and has no diplomatic ties with the jewish state .
the rbs consortium said percent of shares in the dutch bank had been tendered to its . billion . billion bid , enough to meet its minimum acceptance level of percent .
robert kim arrived in his motherland .
taxi fare
but as part of an ongoing review process , which included input from its own employees , nbc universal decided stronger action was necessary , the company said in a statement .
looking back on the character s six decades in comics , picoult found the story focused more on wonder woman s exploits as a superhero and less on the life of her alter ego , diana prince .
detroit , michigan cnn chrysler llc said thursday that people who buy its vehicles next year will have the option of turning their cars and trucks into wireless internet hotspots .
we really promote a healthy balance of living year round , dinsfriend says , but it s ok to indulge your child once a year , because it s about making a memory .
treasury secretary henry paulson said wednesday that more economic pain looms but he urged patience and said the federal government will use all tools necessary to support banks .
police investigated him again the next month when a female student complained about instant messages cho sent her , flinchum said .
overall business soared , with the top movies taking in . million , up percent from the same weekend a year earlier , when smith also was no . with a . million debut for the pursuit of happyness .
the panel , on the trailing edge of the upper side of the left wing , broke loose and struck several windows toward the rear of the aircraft , causing the outer pane of one window to crack , the agency said .
some reports identified the facility as eric clapton s crossroads center in antigua , in the caribbean .
the judge was alerted after it was observed the jurors were writing vertically , rather than horizontally .
bear stearns clients and counterparties should feel secure that jpmorgan is guaranteeing . . . risk , he continued .
before there was this loud music , there was another sure fire way to weed out the real singers from the fakes
several days ago , an azerbaijani army officer who had connections to a radical islamic group seized four assault rifles , a machine gun and hand grenades from his military unit and hid them in the outskirts of baku , the ministry spokesman and u . s . officials said .
takara tomy s megapixel xiao is the first digital camera to integrate the inkless zink printer , which produces dry , full color , smudge proof , tear proof and water resistant prints in less than a minute .
add up to a staggering billion a year .
i m kind of an extrovert and a bit of a camera hog , a poser .
ahmadi was quoted as saying by yonhap news that the insurgents will continue to kill the male hostages one by one , unless their demands were met immediately .
there was a point difference between the day s high and the day s low .
gen pinochet died in december before he could stand trial on charges of corruption and human rights abuses .
commodore frank bainimarama claimed the measures were needed because ousted , legally elected prime minister laisenia qarase was trying to destabilize the country .
of the long term debt , billion was in asset backed securities .
the kma s administrator also apologized for having failed to predict this season s worst yellow dust storm which affected the entire peninsula on saturday .
the tool , which launched tuesday , operates on the idea that there s likely to be a flu outbreak in states where flu related search terms are currently popular .
the site formerly showed the film s title , fitna coming soon and an image of a gilded koran .
critics say it is reminiscent of mugabe s controversial policy of seizing white owned farms to give to landless blacks , which many say triggered the economic crisis .
the illinois senator is projected to pick up a big win in virginia , a state that hasn t voted for a democratic president since .
foreign minister ban ki moon returned from new york yesterday morning after being formally designated the next secretary general of the united nations .
merkel has called for a major deal , including slowing the rise in average temperatures to this century , by way of a cut in global emissions by below levels by .
keegan , who was hailed as the savior of the club when he returned earlier in the year for a second spell in charge , fell out with ashley over transfer policy .
the u . s . death toll for may has risen to , making it the deadliest month so far this year .
plaintiffs in a class action lawsuit against menu foods related to the recall added fraud to the charges wednesday , alleging the company may have known as early as december that the product was contaminated , attorneys said .
latest from markets .
forecasting that space travelers would soon become fashion conscious , jankowski likened the situation to the beginnings of commercial air travel .
but a leading chinese athletics official believes liu could be fit to defend his title in a battle with olympic champion robles of cuba in the german capital in august , although he stressed liu will not be pushed to make a return before he is ready .
they allegedly copied and circulated the software contents developed by the market leaders such as microsoft of the u . s . and hansoft of korea , violating computer program protection laws .
to say , people were killed in the rape of nanking is a pure fabrication , a big lie , eto was quoted as saying saturday july in a speech to a local party chapter , according to the asahi newspaper and other national dailies .
despite problems of ongoing war and the temporary disbanding of the nation s football association , iraq has had an international resurgence in recent years .
it is banned in most of the middle east and parts of europe .
virtual world , real emotions
all of this threatens the domestic stability of a number of african , asian , central american and central asian countries .
the run up to the meeting was dominated by speculation over whether opec would raise production following recent oil price increases that have approached .
the caucuses were held last week , but the race was not called until tuesday night .
at age , bruce springsteen had no problem rocking the super bowl half time show , although he did seem a little winded at one point .
getting more organs is an ethically sound idea , but his new plan won t work .
the two sides also agreed to resume freight rail services across the heavily fortified border for the first time in more than five decades .
ok , this is a rescue for the birds , for sheriff s divers in the detroit suburb .
the administration has been working on a billion loan congress approved but is looking at other options , perhaps including cash from the financial bailout plan .
malakhail said nine people were killed , while wali mohammad , a musa qala resident , said by phone that had died .
the final scene of a television documentary said to show an alzheimer s patient passing away was actually filmed three days before his death , the uk s itv said on wednesday , fuelling a row over fake tv . itv s director of television simon shaps said the sequence of events in malcolm and barbara
markets worldwide had rallied in the run up to the election .
they re asking everyone to respect their privacy during this difficult time .
the bank of america received billion in taxpayer money as part of the financial bailout , the governor said .
the park had previously closed a part of the road near the gas emissions , and that area was expanded wednesday following the explosion .
bloomberg was elected mayor of new york in , two months after the september , , attacks on the world trade center .
the leading pediatricians group added that because children spend more time outdoors than do adults , they have increased exposure to outdoor air pollution .
time zone by time zone , nearly , cities and towns in countries joined in that event overnight .
a north korean official expressed strong discontent over the south s attitude toward the kaesong industrial complex .
i want to say , the last quarter of a mile .
but the result was worse than anticipated , with the opposition making sizeable gains .
india has even contested a move by some western companies to patent the use and healing properties of herbs like neem , turmeric and ashwagandha or indian ginseng , which are used from everything from treating acne and wounds to aiding digestion .
three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided missile destroyer uss james e . williams .
if you have any odor , you want to use an odor eliminator to remove that .
, the fomc said . however , a sustained moderation in inflation pressures has yet to be convincingly demonstrated .
i know this is in our reach because we are guided by a power larger than ourselves who creates us equal in his image .
after the plague hit siena in the th century , the monks blamed the pagan statue .
koizumi will have a great victory on the general election .
crichton wrote the lost world and disclosure , which were also made into movies .
it s your day to reflect on all you ve achieved , or should i say all that you ve endured .
south african companies also view china as a lucrative market for their goods as well as a source of cheap labor .
beauty competitions in the u . s . caribbean territory are fierce , drawing boisterous audiences and accusations of rigged results .
indeed , pittsburgh s young understands the skepticism .
they recommended him to warner bros . , which offered a contract .
lawmakers of uri party blocked a national assembly vote .
the video shows members of a notorious serbia paramilitary unit known as the scorpions .
israel s military said the raids were to stop hezbollah moving the soldiers .
britain s press association reported that he grinned and blushed as the princess pinned the medal on his chest , and that they chatted before he moved off smiling .
they want something with oprah s signature or just the o .
grand national party gnp presidential nominee lee myung bak dismissed his rival chung dong young s proposal for a public debate on key national issues and values .
however , controversy is likely to continue in the near future .
mindful of this , lovejoy , a trim year old vegetarian keeps a decree from her superego over her desk
ford , which is struggling to be profitable in the face of fierce competition from asian automakers , posted a sharply narrower first quarter net loss in april of million .
later , at a news conference in chicago , illinois , obama said in his recent meetings with the national conference of governors , there was a strong bipartisan consensus that we ve got to get people working on some key projects that have been sitting there for a long time .
the whole of pakistan is drowned in blood .
. meanwhile , speaking of pie in the sky lee myung bak s pledge to build a giant cross country canal is turning into action .
if you have to choose between the americans and the fellow koreans , what will you do ? hong young il , a year old north korean , asked a south korean .
genoa was an important trade center by the third century b . c .
the legislative analyst s office shows the deficit reaching a staggering billion by mid .
apart from his playing ability he has a fantastic demeanour and is a great role model to the younger players . i am sure he will be at the club for a long time to come .
she called for the return of gilad shalit , an israeli soldier who was captured by gaza militants nearly two years ago in a cross border raid .
the project , which costs around million , will be able to withstand inconceivably high temperatures up to , degrees fahrenheit .
fall of man , which includes a gunbattle between an american soldier and aliens inside a building that resembles manchester cathedral in northwest england .
george jones is among the kennedy center honorees who took a bow last night .
atlanta , georgia cnn maggie o connor minces garlic for a mexican lasagna while across the kitchen melissa thornton chops basil for a turkey wrap .
gop candidate says the long time senator has broken his trust with the people with his conviction on corruption charges .
the former ryder cup captain , who won a record times on the european tour , won the british open three times and the u . s . masters twice before retiring last year after battling back problems .
they use wacom cintiq graphic tablets , allowing them to draw directly onto digital renderings of new products .
on the blank canvas of the diving bell and the butterfly , julian schnabel s first stroke was an image of glaciers falling into the sea .
the leaders will discuss humanitarian aid to the palestinians and israeli security concerns , as well as the institutions of a future palestinian state , baker said .
the group of teens included the son of a female physician , the son of a college professor and four youths who belonged to families of poor vendors .
in his opening commemoration speech , he said , let s try to send a korean to space as soon as possible . . .
michel s trip came ahead of the arrival of an african union delegation led by kofi annan expected tuesday .
never use it as an excuse to give up your goal or abandon your resolution , he said .
the militants have demanded the withdrawal of french forces from afghanistan and the release of jailed taliban by the afghan government , with a deadline of saturday set for a deal .
a temporary detention order from general district court in the commonwealth of virginia said
but milan , the last team to beat united at home in european competition two years ago , equalised when brazilian kaka fired an angled left foot shot past edwin van der sar after minutes .
today s election has drawn some national political heavyweights to georgia including former running mate senator john mccain and alaska governor sarah palin .
lawmakers pounded the korea football association kfa for its alleged accounting fraud and excessive control by its president chung mong joon .
by instituting digital broadcasting , the commission expects image quality to improve by six times .
president bush s national security and legal advisers are expected to discuss the move at the white house on friday and , for the first time , it appears a consensus is developing , senior administration officials said thursday .
we have to address the problem taking into account the ardent wishes of buddhist and cultural circles and on the basis of the principle that seoul beijing relations should develop further , foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon said in an interview with the internet based newspaper ohmynews .
lee said the world economic outlook is dismal , as a variety of unexpected negative factors have appeared .
the report said chinese experts have projected that in the latter half of this century production of wheat , corn and rice in china will drop by as much as percent , and that the country s average temperatures would rise by or degrees celsius in the next to years .
it overturned the ruling from a first trial , which awarded million won in compensation .
they re also going to be assembling a vehicle here in the united states .
the wii has outsold microsoft corp . s xbox and sony s playstation monthly since its november launch , helped by its relatively affordable price tag and a motion sensing controller that can be swung like a bat , for instance .
a baby was found alive by rescuers after spending four days in a pool of mud following flash floods that killed at least people in central algeria last week , a local official said sunday .
premium bird seed imported from india has hit an all time high , after january rain storms wiped out of the niger crop ? that s the good stuff that attracts colorful finches .
a newborn boy , his parents , a doctor and a driver were killed .
police have said they were gravely concerned about the girl s mother , anan liu , also known as anni , because she had not come forward after news broke about her daughter being found in the train station .
bergersen faces up to years in prison when he is sentenced on june .
this is a real discovery .
the government will provide health insurance coverage to those attempting suicide this year as the act is often done on impulse because of mental problems like depression or hypochondria .
so far , the suits have consistently given off only kpa .
we thought at first it was an allergic reaction , or maybe nerves , rosario said . but the second time , we knew it couldn t have been a coincidence .
english rivals arsenal and liverpool were paired in the quarterfinals of the champions league in friday s draw while manchester united will meet as roma once again in a repeat of last year s memorable clash at the same stage .
state department spokesman sean mccormack said we express regret that we initially provided inaccurate information to a good friend and ally .
the government s original plan was to put a total of eight intelligence gathering satellites into orbit through .
eight bodies were brought to the nagaba kirti monastery , the tibetan center for human rights and democracy in dharamsala said . of the eight , two are the bodies of monks , the center said .
on the agenda for the new president that day
a nato airstrike destroyed a compound housing a taliban leader responsible for a wave of violence across southern afghanistan , killing the commander and at least other suspected militants , the western alliance said .
sorenstam wanted to go for the green on the par th but couldn t after her tee shot on ended up in a fairway bunker .
as a doctor gingerly pulls out the six inch long canister from the male patient s rectum , someone shouted , baby out ! amid loud cheers .
abubakar , who has long held presidential ambitions , refused to support the amendment , and the two leaders traded accusations of corruption before abubakar bolted from the party to join the opposition .
a statewide moment of silence will be observed at eastern time .
there is even a teen mania internship , a one year program called the honor academy , based in lindale , texas .
the system has a computer , motor , gears , battery and sensors embedded in it so it responds to a person s movements , according to honda motor co .
whatever is scrambled by the public key can only be unscrambled by the private key .
four people died in sectarian fighting in the southern iraqi city of basra .
robson said pavarotti s wife , nicoletta mantovani , daughters and sister , along with other relatives and friends were at his side when he died .
more than iraqis have died since sunday , and the coalition casualties this week included americans , a salvadoran and a ukrainian .
environmental activist group greenpeace set up the blockade of boats in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand to protest the shipment of plutonium fuel from japan to the united kingdom .
he looked calm and did not appear to object to any members of the pool .
the times square ball is set to usher in the new year will be bigger and brighter .
possibly downsizing the workforce , it may take money to do that
all this skates over the fact that mccain already allowed reporters a peek at eight years worth of health records , dating back to , while obama has released a one page summary from his doctor .
artur schnabel , a jewish pianist from the nazi leader s native austria , also is among
a routine inspection by the department in april also found the ride to have no mechanical problems .
he drew support from members of the british parliament and the late pope john paul ii .
in the republican race , wisconsin gives mccain at least more delegates
ritchie , , and madonna married seven years ago at a lavish ceremony in scotland , but rumors have been circulating in the press recently that their relationship was increasingly under strain .
but the double o show , coming to an early primary state near you , was something else again .
reacting to the photo , anne darwin , who had earlier said in a statement released through her sons that she had not seen her husband in the last five years , said my sons are never going to forgive me , the paper reported .
the top city for attracting extra cash and visitors will be the host city to the olympic games .
nikki blonsky , also on the red carpet , said she was undecided about whether to attend the revised golden globes , where she is a nominee for hairspray .
flight itineraries show the pair flew from spokane , washington , to bangkok on november , , with stops in seattle , washington , and inchon , south korea .
the autonomous region is home to about million people , most of whom are muslims and other minorities .
he said that despite a mass exodus , up to , civilians were still trapped inside the camp where they were living in utter fear .
a chinese rocket carrying the satellite lifted off early thursday from the xichang satellite launch center in southwestern china s sichuan province , according to an account in china s state run news agency , xinhua .
the worst hit area was a congested shantytown in chittagong , where large chunks of hill collapsed and buried dozens of bamboo and straw shacks .
ibex , himalayan musk deer , the blue bull and migratory birds are also killed in the fighting and by hunters and smugglers .
in australia , investors sold rio tinto , sending its shares down . percent , but advances of . percent for rival miner bhp billiton and . percent for macquarie bank helped drive the benchmark s p asx index up . percent .
london , england cnn jurors at the inquest into the death of princess diana have heard an eyewitness account of how a motorcycle raced from the scene of the fatal car crash that killed the british royal and her boyfriend , dodi fayed , in .
clinton this weekend shot down calls by obama backers to drop out of the race , and obama said clinton should remain in race as long as she wants .
it added that the olympics was being used as a catalyst by china for tougher action on human rights defenders .
and finally , the russians were mounting their troops on the manchurian border about to enter this war .
but last fall the melanoma was back .
a bullet hit one of the japanese men in the back of the leg . flesh and blood splattered everywhere .
officials were headed to the area from santiago to evaluate the damage , tvn correspondent amaro gomez pablos said .
white sox beat the tigers last night , meaning chicago hosts the twins tonight in a one game playoff for the title in the american league central .
but in the letter , hyde applauded the u . s . ambassador for his so called straight forward remarks and appeared to criticize seoul for siding with the north .
but the year old lewis , who hails from bothell , washington , has tricks up his sleeve .
guerrillas also killed a u . s . diplomat in a mortar attack on a u . s . military headquarters on the edge of baghdad airport in the first known killing of an american diplomat in iraq since last year s u . s . led invasion toppled saddam hussein .
obama last visited iraq in january , for a two day tour of the country .
the charity s research was centered on ivory coast , southern sudan and haiti , but save the children said the perpetrators of sexual abuse of children could be found in every type of humanitarian organization at all levels .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld denied lobbying behind the scenes .
they could see on the right side that her belly was swollen , but they couldn t suspect that this tumor would hide an embryo , hospital director iakovos brouskelis said .
messages can be typed direct to another address or to a bulletin board for people who share a similar interest .
the ministry said in a statement that the new deal would strengthen the financial community of germany in difficult times .
and our nation will sink deeper into a crisis that , at some point , we may not be able to reverse , he said .
the web site lists the price for the presentation car at , for a winter trip .
police were called to the plant located in southern long an province in the mekong delta when a brawl broke out and it was closed , lap said .
jules pipe , the mayor of hackney , added it is through making these drums that exposure to and inhalation of anthrax spores on an imported animal hide occurred . this is an extremely rare case and this type of anthrax cannot be passed from person to person .
the judiciary committee of the us house of representatives has voted to file a contempt of congress charge against two white house aides .
london , england cnn britain s economic growth could slow sharply in the near term amid an ongoing credit squeeze and increasing inflation , bank of england governor mervyn king said .
kulju ran away with at least one of the pieces from the foot tall moai , he said .
indeed , if successfully built , the space elevator would be an unprecedented feat of human engineering .
this city almost erected a billboard outside jamestown , virginia , to congratulate it on its th birthday and remind everyone st . augustine passed that milestone four decades ago .
at each tourist stop , however , kaesong people were eager to make a few american dollars .
at the close , the dow jones industrial average was down about one percent .
led by assistant prosecutor lee won gon , investigators presented search warrants to raid the offices of lee and other key executives from the legal affairs , planning and public affairs teams .
but chinese users trying to access pages on the site have almost always been redirected to an error message telling them the connection was reset .
the us secretary of state has warned the plan is at odds with us policy .
opened a week ago , asia eros museum is a sensation in this deeply confucian society that has stifled public talk of sex while harboring one of the most prosperous sex industries in asia .
in a video that made the rounds on the internet in february , a student asked the president of cuba s national assembly why cubans could not travel freely to such resorts .
burger king , outback steakhouse and taco bell were among other restaurants voluntarily withdrawing tomatoes from their menus , following federal recommendations that consumers avoid red plum , red roma or round red tomatoes unless they were grown in certain states and countries .
jennifer aniston s ex brad pitt has an excellent christmas at the movies
monday marked gore s debut in the election
general bell complained that u . s . maintenance of empty bases now costs , per month while the whole question of an environmental cleanup is being debated .
but , her friends said , her parents got wind of what she was doing .
he appeared to be homeless , officials said no name or age were released .
students sleep in the same room and eat in a communal dining hall .
one of them bae hyung kyu , , a pastor at the church attended by the hostages and the leader of their group was shot and killed .
the resolution introduces financial monitoring on two banks with suspected links to proliferation activities , bank melli and bank saderat .
he is the last dissenting voice in britain .
about , police were guarding the capital , taipei , during chen s five day trip .
the british government by saying that both it and iran had a shared desire to make early progress in resolving the dispute .
in a speech at the end of the mass in st . peter s square , benedict said that on the joyous day of easter , in particular , how can we fail to remember certain african regions , such as darfur and somalia , the tormented middle east , especially the holy land , iraq , lebanon and finally tibet , all of which i encourage to seek solutions that will safeguard peace and the common good .
today , we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation s promise through civility , courage , compassion and character .
investigators told the marine corps times that a withdrawal from lauterbach s bank account was made on december and said there was suspicious activity on the account days later .
park s family members were also sent to the scene yesterday .
how can they have u . s . troops for over years ? chun , the female guide , said she hoped heavy snow this winter heralded a plentiful harvest later in the year in the hunger stricken country , which is dependent on outside aid to avert famine .
he said there was a verbal agreement between fritzl and the house s tenants that they were not to enter the cellar or the garden or photograph the premises or they would be kicked out .
and marvin takar , who went shopping the day after thanksgiving for the first time ever , had no idea what he was in for .
that in turn lets them study how those genes affect health and disease .
moroccan police said the man they killed on tuesday , named as mohamed mentala , was wanted in connection with the attacks .
mnd destroys the body s motor nerves , eventually resulting in paralysis .
we heard the attackers chanting burn , burn and kill , kill , a sect member , zaki firdaus , told ap . it was horrifying .
the government should be taking steps to solve this problem .
he also told reporters he will press north korea to improve its human rights record , ap reported .
fifteen minutes later , a drone aircraft spotted two burning vehicles , according to a u . s . military statement .
former us president bill clinton and sen .
plame accused them of conspiring to leak her identity , thus ruining her cia career , in retaliation for her husband criticizing their iraq war policy .
fandel immediately abandoned the match before the penalty could be taken and european governing body uefa is likely to award the three points to the swedes when they meet to discuss the matter this week .
he was a savvy businessman who built his company into a major national real estate company that did deals with donald trump , they said .
and now , he s the chairman of an indian business school .
five aramco employees were among the who were killed , said the company , which did not provide information about the other workers .
kim hun , a doctor at chungbuk national university hospital , told the kookmin ilbo
global markets slide on grim corporate outlook
he said he first tried to deny it , but later made up his mind to declare his sexual identity .
but it could take up to hours to get the public transport network running again , officials have said .
in their account of the incident , israeli military sources said their troops were at the border near avivim when the lebanese troops fired into the air .
musharraf is in beijing to meet with various chinese officials .
president robert mugabe s ruling zanu pf party has lost control of the lower house of parliament , according to results released wednesday by zimbabwe s electoral commission .
the two others are the united states and russia .
the saudi insurgent threatened to rape our mothers and sisters , destroy our houses and kill our fathers if we did not cooperate with him , one of the youths told the associated press in mosul .
two ministers requested to refrain from traveling to dangerous countries .
he was square , in a sidney poitier kind of way , profiling his way through the pain of his people , always mindful of where the camera was .
all twelve of toyota s plants in japan will be shut down for days in february and march .
it is also installing fences on rooftops and parapets , and launching massive anti suicide campaigns . religious groups and ngos will be encouraged to join in a pan national campaign on human dignity .
additionally , the user sold peach bowl tickets for . . the football game in atlanta , georgia , was a matchup between virginia tech and the university of georgia .
sarkozy announced the agreement after a meeting of leaders of the eurozone countries , which use the euro .
though not exactly a newcomer on the tour , villegas is a player set to become a household name this year , if was anything to go by .
but sen . hillary clinton s communications director howard wolfson told cbs that those approximately delegates are supposed to vote their conscience .
it has been speculated that the dairies in question are those kept by kate mccann .
leaders who met with president bush during the president s surprise visit to anbar on september .
i hope that this opens up interaction when you re dealing with social interaction , specifically kind of in a more general robotics sense , but also if you re dealing with mediated interaction , so if you re using technology to interact with another person , he said .
the vice causes much harm , not only to individuals , but to the collective health of the nation , said chavez , who said the dangers result in an increase in car wrecks and domestic violence .
the actual numbers will be out later today .
this is to demonstrate that there is no safe sanctuary from our probe .
the belgian u . n . soldiers were killed a day after the rwandan president s plane was shot down on april , , triggering the genocide by hutu led government forces and ethnic militias .
the monte carlo , a subsidiary of mgm mirage , has about , employees .
i understand that the entire baggage system has failed and they ve stopped checking in passengers with baggage , quest said .
that followed a . percent decline in gross domestic product in the second quarter
the rebels have long used northern iraq as a base in their campaign for self rule in southeast turkey .
the president s walk across the mdl will pave the ground for establishing permanent peace on the korean peninsula , lee said .
doctors said that without the surgery , lakshmi would have been unlikely to survive beyond early adolescence .
a large stretch of the chao praya , the busy waterway that cuts through bangkok , was closed to boats for several hours monday .
seidlin repeated several times that the most important issue to his court was the welfare of the baby .
around a . m . , swat teams stormed the church and found the body of the shooter and another man in separate rooms on the main floor , moscow police department assistant chief david duke said .
but it should not open the door to use of the endangered species act to regulate greenhouse gas emissions from automobiles , power plants , and other sources , said kempthorne .
taiwan s largest telephone company , chunghwa telecom co , said damage to an undersea cable had disrupted of taiwan s communications with malaysia , singapore , thailand and hong kong .
and all of us recognize that this is a serious global crisis , and therefore requires a serious global response for the good of our people .
a key sunni ally of the us and iraqi governments has been killed in a bomb attack in the iraqi city of ramadi .
rove did testify before a federal grand jury about the leak of cia operative valerie plame s identity after plame s husband , former ambassador joe wilson , became a critic of the war in iraq .
it runs hour , minutes and seconds and was posted saturday on the internet .
the wives had sewn two pink strapless dresses together to fit harrell and then layered on accessories like a bow topped headband and a corsage .
reagan , , is in the ronald reagan ucla medical center , drake said in a written statement wednesday .
still , in the current volatile political environment , last minute snags remain possible , with several opposition leaders claiming the government is preparing to rig the vote .
sen . edward kennedy backed sen . barack obama for president monday , saying , it is time again for a new generation of leadership .
noriega s attorney , frank rubino , said he disagrees with the judge .
in a statement read out to the london court , french motorist grigori rassinier described how he had been travelling in the opposite direction through paris pont de l alma tunnel on the night the accident occurred .
the north launched seven missiles , one of which was a failed test of a long range taepodong , believed to be capable of hitting alaska .
following the successful procedure , she is now resting and is looking forward to getting back to work . she would like to thank the doctors who have kindly looked after her .
today s college students are more narcissistic and self centered than their predecessors , according to a comprehensive new study by five psychologists who worry that the trend could be harmful to personal relationships and american society .
and they might be among the first in the animal kingdom to have to adapt to warming temperatures .
greenberg was forced out over accusations of accounting fraud in .
jakrapob penkair , a somchai ally and former government official , told cnn a deputy prime minister from one of the remaining coalition parties would take over from somchai until the parliament could approve a new government .
the dogs , most owned by professors , technicians and students at the ohio state university veterinary school , visit the school several times a year to give blood .
mexico quickly becoming favorite place for car thieves
in a nationally televised ruling , lee kang kook , president of the constitutional court , said that most clauses of the special prosecutor law were in accordance with the constitution .
yeah , and right now the dow is down about points .
from a hill , a shining bronze statue of the senior kim , the north s demigod , stood overlooking streets lined with old zelkova and ginkgo trees .
the number of foreign visitors to south korea also picked up as well reaching over . million in the january march period , but recorded only a . percent growth rate , lower than the . percent for outbound passengers .
maybe they the taliban did not achieve all that they demanded , but they achieved a lot in terms of political credibility , mustafa alani , director of security and terrorism studies at the dubai based gulf research center , told ap . the fact that the koreans negotiated with them directly and more or less in their territory . . . is in itself an achievement .
a poll last year by pew research , the associated press and aol which , like cnn , is owned by time warner found that percent of the people they surveyed were irritated at least occasionally by loud and annoying cell phones in public places .
the boy turned up a few minutes later
front runners john mccain and mitt romney attacked each other s conservative credentials as they fought for their party s top spot during the final showdown before the super tuesday contests .
with slightly more than delegates left at stake , every remaining contest is crucial to both candidates .
last year , anderson rode from the mexican border to the canadian line and back again to raise money .
some of canada s world class mountain bikers live at whistler or at squamish , the small town midway between vancouver and whistler along b . c . highway .
mark serreze , senior research scientist at nsidc , termed the decline astounding .
an eyewitness reported israeli airstrikes on smuggling tunnels under the border with egypt .
changing the rules of engagement for clashes with north korea the proposed change would allow south korean forces to fire first a contrast to the current regulations introduced under the government of president kim dae jung which require south korea to broadcast a series of warnings during a confrontation with enemy vessels .
we did lose a manager today in kabul to unknown assailants , christopher beese , spokesman for armorgroup international , said wednesday .
coalition forces only engage hostile threats and take every precaution to protect innocent civilians .
for the united states , it would be the largest since the north american free trade agreement took effect in .
the body of a third captured soldier was later found in the river euphrates .
however , the bill is likely to stir much controversy at the assembly as opposition parties , especially the grand national party gnp , have vowed to thwart it .
a freeze frame from the web cam shows an image of a nuclear explosion .
a similar burst in led to the comet s discovery by edwin holmes .
about . billion shares were traded , about half the average daily volume traded so far this year .
discussions are at a very early stage but the production would be an observational documentary , jim gallagher , a spokesman for the talent and entertainment agency img , told cnn .
davydenko picked up his first title of the year , and th of his career , after beating crowd favorite and sixth seed andy roddick in the semifinals before overcoming world number two nadal .
miller , who was forced out of scotland s famous win over france in paris last week with a hamstring problem , far outshone owen who looked jaded after two match winning displays for his country .
the second largest complaint in this category was the lack of attention by koreans paid to foreigners with percent citing it .
turkey for thanksgiving .
matonga rejected claims that the court was biased toward the ruling party , arguing that the opposition was willing to apply to the court because it expected an impartial ruling .
the official death toll from myanmar s leadership is at , but there are reports that hundreds were killed in the wake of the demonstrations , which were led by myanmar s buddhist monks .
twins , triplets , quadruplets , we ve got plenty of stories about them but octuplets ?
she competed on the third season of the singing competition american idol in , becoming one of the top seven contestants before her elimination .
the korea food and drug administration said thursday it will send investigators to the factory that produces popular shrimp crackers for south korea s leading processed food company nongshim after the suspected animal part was found .
the name zaytun means olive in arabic .
ukraine s orange revolution allies made a strong combined showing in sunday s parliamentary elections and looked poised to win a majority that could unseat the prime minister and steer the country more firmly onto a pro western course , an exit poll showed .
all buyers now have one week to drive or tow their purchases out of here .
u . s . national security adviser stephen hadley said sunday s incident in the strait of hormuz almost involved an exchange of fire between our forces and iranian forces .
laurean has been charged with first degree murder in the death of lance cpl . maria lauterbach , although authorities have not positively identified the body as hers .
annan arrived in kenya on tuesday to help resolve the dispute that has resulted in widespread ethnic violence , although some say tensions had been simmering long before the december vote .
in april , south korea agreed to resume importing u . s . beef five years after halting them amid concern about a case of mad cow disease in the united states .
the action targeted certain people . . . including myself , biti told the ap .
the ins released him but began deportation proceedings .
ganeline said , however , that all students were aware of the real reason , and noted that someone had scrawled the word skinheads over an announcement of the lockdown posted on a dormitory wall .
the eight time gold medal winner admitted after the parade in his honor that he s been taking it easy since beijing
on friday , both senators were in wyoming to lure last minute votes .
speaking alongside chancellor angela merkel hours after taking over from jacques chirac , sarkozy said his visit to the german capital was both symbolic and a signal that he was ready to get down to work .
and is your dsl provider taking you to the internot ?
shi was writing for the financial publication contemporary business news when he circulated an e mail with his notes about a government circular about media restrictions .
u . s . officials did not dispute the account .
insoo quickly checks out today s fun clips on a host of online humor sites , including the humor university , and reluctantly lets his little sister use the computer .
ap national security correspondent sauger magoni has this from the pentagon .
if icann approves the proposals , the world of . com and . org and country names like . jp or . fr would be opened to a much wider choice , such as . hotel or . sex .
ayub said two policemen were also wounded .
communications with remote forest areas and offshore islands were temporarily cut off .
speaking at a regional forum on bioenergy , regan suzuki of the u . n . s food and agriculture organization acknowledged that biofuels are better for the environment than fossil fuels and boost energy security for many countries .
in a statement sunday to reporters at east midlands airport , gerry mccann described as deeply disturbing the days since portuguese authorities named them as suspects in the disappearance of their daughter .
first his north korean wife and son escaped to china in .
transport minister hatta radjasa admitted late on tuesday that the reports of a crash site , bodies and survivors were based on incorrect rumors from local villagers .
president pervez musharraf and caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro strongly condemned the attacks .
at least people have been killed , including a senior leader of the radical islamist group islamic jihad .
protesters vow to stay outside the prime minister s office for days to come .
the soldiers names and nationalities were not released .
sharif was overthrown in the coup that brought president pervez musharraf to power like bhutto , he returned from exile late last year .
the decrease comes after delta announced plans in march for a percent reduction in capacity .
. not keeping track of your accomplishments
the government yesterday moved to end a four day strike by korean air s unionized pilots , forcing them back to work and banning them from taking any form of collective action for the next days .
andy murray made a winning start at the marseille open as he returned to action for the first time since his opening round defeat to eventual finalist jo wilfried tsonga in the australian open on january .
in what many consider further interference in korean domestic policy , the general in charge of u . s . forces in south korea expressed concerns wednesday about seoul s plans to cut its military manpower through a reduction of the mandatory military service period .
the student was released after about minutes .
professor hawking , who suffers from motor neuron disease , was able to float free , unrestricted by his paralyzed muscles and his wheelchair .
messages and signs were collected from more than , people to be aboard the satellite , jaxa said .
my point of view is that i shouldn t be a mother at all , because i d be horrible , she says . i m not willing to be that selfless .
ten israeli and palestinian human rights groups are petitioning israel s supreme court to stop the reduction .
in jail since , the six medics say they are innocent and that they were tortured to confess .
aside from the palestinians , iraqis now make up the world s third largest refugee population , behind the . million who have fled afghanistan amid decades of insurgencies and civil war that date back to the soviet invasion of .
lg has also indicated it could acquire thrunet co , a troubled minor internet service provider .
president barack obama says that it s too early to say if more american troops should be sent to afghanistan .
in his speech during a groundbreaking ceremony for the renovated jeju city in seogwipo , roh expressed his uneasiness about the possibility of disparity between seoul and provincial cities widening if former seoul mayor lee becomes the next president .
the government in beijing has been debating hong kong s political development and had been expected to announce its decision later saturday on a timetable for allowing direct elections .
many of her supporters had said she had to win both texas and ohio to continue to challenge obama for her party s nomination .
they say he killed people in , including six in one month .
president barack obama is expected to sign an executive order today , closing the military prison at guantanamo bay within a year .
that s because of our mighty military power , chun said matter of factly .
the former massachusetts governor has an extensive computer database and his campaign is calling supporters to make sure they get to the caucus .
carlos tevez was also denied , cevallos pushing away a header the south american guided towards the corner from ronaldo s cross .
other vendors confirmed the trend .
i announce this appointment first because the chief of staff is central to the ability of a president and administration to accomplish an agenda .
cnn s polling director said the results do offer democrats some good news as americans still have more confidence in democrats than president bush .
revel in the time together with your son or daughter , even though they d probably rather be on the beach than touring a campus on a hot , sticky day .
thailand stepped up monitoring at airports and border checkpoints sunday following the italian doctor s death .
advocates worry that victims are divulging too much information .
prices were also being supported by worries a tropical depression that formed in the western atlantic on wednesday will become a hurricane and hit critical gulf oil and gas infrastructure .
ex reserve soldiers are now part of the battle as well , thousands more joining it , and israeli air force pilots continuing to attack locations and targets in gaza .
jack jordan , , will serve the probationary term in his home state of maryland with a stipulation that he obtain outpatient psychiatric treatment , spokesperson tracy golden confirmed .
to that end , he decked himself out in a formal knee length coat , a vest , a tie , and a wide brim planter s hat , and was never caught out of uniform again .
steve wible , a missionary who has lived in hong kong for years , said he has not voted in the past four or five u . s . presidential elections .
the six party talks aimed at ending pyongyang s nuclear programs became deadlocked earlier this month because of differences over the north s demand that it be allowed to build nuclear power plants even if it disarms any nuclear weapons it may have .
the mice on the island eat the chicks of the albatross and bunting before they make it to the fledgling stage , the rspb said .
if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .
meunier lebouc s was there , too , but she wasn t about to make a triple bogey like van de velde did .
most see military service as a sacred duty of manhood .
both are considered prime suspects in the killing of kercher , , whose half naked body was found with a stab wound to the neck earlier this month at her villa in perugia , north of rome .
the idea of celebrating such a day began after the american civil war in the s .
bush s life bigger than fiction
passengers in subway stations beware .
the tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama , says he is considering breaking with centuries of tradition and naming his own successor .
i did not and i will never go and apologize to president bush for france s position on refusing to send our troops to iraq , royal told france television last week .
just because you live in a high tech world doesn t mean your manners can sink to new lows when using your personal technology , experts say .
by contrast , the stockmarkets of thailand , malaysia and indonesia were cleared for take off early on the path to economic development , allowing companies to raise more money without heavy borrowing .
club wielding police fought stone throwing rioters in the northern suburbs of paris for a second night monday , with at least five officers suffering injuries during the clashes , authorities said .
i ll open it up and be like , oh you remember that one !
israel has agreed to establish a humanitarian corridor to supply residents of gaza with aid as international concerns about conditions among civilians mount , according to a government statement .
sen . barack obama on tuesday proposed overhauling the tax code to lower taxes for the poor and middle class , increase them for the rich and make it so most americans can file their taxes in five minutes .
more than related works are due this fall and virtually all booksellers , a delegation of exiled tibetans arrived in china this week , but china s foreign ministry refused to comment on whether they will discuss reopening official ties between tibet and beijing .
the pueblo heart study found that although people were hospitalized for heart attacks before any smoke free laws went into effect , that number dropped to three years after the law s introduction , a percent decline .
a large part of the mountain crumbled , he said .
left out of rice s itinerary are those countries that have been critical of the united states , including argentina .
but the biggest question facing the oscars is will anybody show up ?
iran has repeatedly denied u . s . accusations that it is fomenting violence in iraq .
bad news for the uh , financial services business .
the spokesman asked the south korean government to contact the taliban as soon as possible and threatened to kill the hostages if the matter was not resolved by evening .
in a strongly worded statement , the group denounced the government s current policy direction , saying it is damaging the nation s identity .
u . s . forces on saturday responded with hellfire missiles and rockets , and used apache attack helicopters on sunday .
puzzled zookeepers in northern japan have discovered the reason why their attempts to mate two polar bears kept failing
the korea broadcasting commission kbc said that before taking action on music camp , a live music show airing on saturdays on mbc , it will first speak to its staff .
a member of staff took the papers out of the office when they should not have and left them on a train , cabinet office spokesman james o sullivan told cnn .
jong , who arrived in the south hours earlier on a direct flight from pyongyang , told kwon he hoped for critical progress at this week s talks , the first of their kind since the summit in pyongyang .
the success of that experiment will determine the fate of the rest of the amazon .
the us president made distinction between abbas , who he said speaks out for peace , and the militant group hamas who does not .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
rick rains , a sheriff s supervisor of the san diego county sheriff s department , said fossett s plane was last spotted at a . m . less than miles from the ranch s airport . given the timeline and the sighting of fossett s plane , i believe he was within to miles of the ranch when he crashed , rains said .
today , i was a candidate for the highest office in the country i love so much , and tonight , i remain her servant , he said .
sharapova won the singles championships at wimbledon in , the u . s . open in and the australian open in .
the private committal service and interment at st george s chapel marked the close of a day of public mourning .
wall e has all of that and more .
i personally ended up buying her a greyhound bus ticket back home to north carolina , francis said .
police found bodies across baghdad in the last two days , the iraqi interior ministry said tuesday .
at the moment , dickens world is a work in progress . a planned opening this week was postponed at the last minute until may due to a glitch with the d animatronic theater show about dickens life and work .
cameron s mother , sgt . lavanda smith , , was headed back to illinois friday after spending only hours at her new duty station in iraq .
philomena mccann , the sister of madeleine s father , told the british news network itn that police tried to get kate to confess to having accidentally killed madeleine by offering her a deal through her lawyer in which she would say she killed madeleine by accident and then disposed of the body .
al maliki said the effort to foster and bring about peace is not just a military one .
its heat powers the solar system .
recent surveys found that more british pubs are closing than ever before victims of an indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and food prices , and changing times .
most of the money goes to iraq , which is costing the pentagon an estimated billion a week .
recounted his version of events in an interview sunday with brazil s tv globo program fantastico , saying , i regret it .
some experts say that early voting is becoming more popular because voters like the convenience .
obama and ford are both black and ford has endorsed clinton .
hu , who is , was said to be collecting data on the detention of activists and has been under house arrest since july .
in a brief interview with the new york times after wednesday s panel , mary cheney said she agreed that blitzer had crossed a line .
one member asked that a prayer be said for bhutto who was assassinated last december as she left a campaign rally in the pakistani city of rawalpindi .
organizers said participation would likely be lower than at previous demonstrations .
simmons agreed with a suggestion by a lawyer that the letters made cruel and disparaging observations about the propriety of the conduct of diana .
his attorneys had argued that his status as a prisoner of war meant he should be returned to panama , but a separate court ruling last friday rejected that argument .
some reports say longoria has chosen a classic gown by los angeles based designer monique lhuillier , while others say she will wear a vera wang design .
more than a decade since it was first pioneered , a technique that greatly reduces the trauma of lung surgery still isn t widely used .
nasa experts on earth detected the damage as the vessel docked with the international space station iss .
jingjing zhang , an environmental lawyer who is working the villagers who want to sue the government , said the dabaoshan mine has been polluting the hengshui river for decades .
the cost for doing nothing is staggering and could be up to times more expensive .
it s , years old years older than any other gold jewelry discovered in the western hemisphere .
many opponents of the occupation have demanded a timetable for u . s . troop withdrawal , an issue heavily debated in the united states .
the largest single death toll came when hamas militants bombed a tunnel beneath the fatah controlled preventive security service headquarters compound in khan younis wednesday , killing members of the fatah unit , palestinian security sources told cnn .
he said a us plane flying overhead scared the abductors who then took him to the capital where we was placed under house arrest by park s government .
the governor was a member of the supreme islamic council in iraq , the largest shiite political group in parliament led by politician abdul aziz al hakim .
walking to the gates of the presidential palace with his father , rafiqullah said
about , people either died or are still missing , according to the united nations .
north korea wants to be the pakistan of northeast asia .
beijing regards taiwan as part of its territory .
bhutto , , spent eight years in self imposed exile in great britain and dubai after president farooq leghari dismissed her second administration amid accusations of corruption , intimidation of the judiciary , a breakdown of law and order , and undermining the justice system .
asked about that threat , musharraf told the ap , i don t take any ultimatums from anyone .
the fbi tracked down the teen and believes the year old , known by the cyber alias akill , was the ringleader of an international botnet group know as the a team , responsible for infecting more than million computers .
we have to prepare for the worst , and the worst is war .
to meet that need , cia designed specific , appropriate interrogation procedures , hayden wrote . before they were used , they were reviewed and approved by the department of justice and by other elements of the executive branch .
representatives of british airways are scheduled to plead guilty thursday to two counts of conspiracy and face a likely fine of million for colluding with rival virgin atlantic over fuel surcharges on international flights .
it also comes as the two top american officials in iraq , commanding gen . david petraeus and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , testify before u . s . congressional committees about the status of the war .
the proposed regulations would restrict people who have damaged the reputation of the country from traveling overseas , according to a ministry briefing for the cabinet yesterday .
the top u . s . delegate to the financial talks , deputy assistant treasury secretary daniel glaser , said the two days of meetings had validated u . s . suspicions of illegal financial activity by north korea .
the man believed to be responsible for last week s rocket attack on the u . s . army s camp victory was captured in an early morning raid monday , the u . s . military said .
canadian women are being asked to volunteer their undergarments in an international effort to shame myanmar s ruling junta into giving citizens greater access to humanitarian aid and human rights . organizers launched the canadian edition of the panties for peace !
the miami design preservation league is offering tours of the art deco district guided , recorded and one that can even be done listening on a cell phone .
boston , massachusetts reuters when dr . julio bonis awoke one sunday morning with a sore shoulder , he could not figure out what he had done .
even though the president says the president elect has not yet asked for that money , the senate banking committee chairman says he expects congress will dole out the final billions to bail out banks .
dion says canadian military spending in the south has outpaced its aid contribution by nine times , and that four fifths of those aid dollars are being spent outside the kandahar region .
all dow components ended lower .
the panel is also considering installing closed circuit televisions in the research lab in order to ensure strict monitoring as part of their investigation .
the table eventually ended up on the auction block and it brought in , .
if two birds have just been shot , that s really bad news , said gemma rogers , a spokeswoman for the rspb , which includes the birds on its red list of most threatened species .
democrat barack obama is in henderson , nevada , one of three states for him today .
the ripple effect of bear stearns liquidity trouble stemming from subprime linked defaults continued and rattled asian bourses , from hong kong , singapore to shanghai and japan .
zheng xiaoyu was convicted on charges of taking bribes and dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency reported , citing the the beijing municipal no . intermediate people s court .
the auto slum has hit janesville , wisconsin .
on wall street right now , the dow industrials down points .
about elderly people from all areas of the community on thursday threatened to push for another impeachment motion against president roh moo hyun unless he apologizes for his recent comment in support of scrapping the anti communist national security law .
the fact that this has become such a important part of your campaign , senator mccain , says more about your campaign than it says about me .
it was an eminently dangerous act , judge pramod kode said . with the punishment of a minimum of five years and maximum of years it can in no way be a minor offence or of a less grave nature .
seoul intends to send a special envoy to the north before the end of the year .
the health ministry says the ban will apply to cafes that sell marijuana , known as coffee shops . but this being holland , which for centuries has experimented with social liberalism , there s a loophole
powerful shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for the demonstration , which najaf police said included tens of thousands of protesters .
deduced from his theory of relativity , it suggests that tiny amounts of mass can be converted into huge amounts of energy .
more than lebanese and israelis have died in nearly two weeks of conflict in lebanon , which began after hezbollah captured two israeli soldiers in a cross border raid on july . the un in lebanon says the israeli air force destroyed the observer post , in which four military observers were sheltering .
i m not getting as many calls as i used to get when it first took effect , meaning that the program works , foley said .
the texas caucuses which offer up about a third of the state s delegates are still too close to call .
american idol reject william hung was a rock star . i just had a slide show , he said .
gerry and i want to appeal again to the person or people who took her or know who took her to do the right thing .
fisher and brown say what they learned from lovers brains is that romantic love isn t really an emotion it s a drive that s based deep within our brains , right alongside our urges to find food and water .
the equaliser gave us the incentive to go on and win it and the late goal gives us a magnificent chance of winning the tie now .
the united states will pull , troops , including the , already redeployed to iraq , before the end of this year , the official said .
ms bhutto s coffin was removed from hospital in rawalpindi and has now arrived by plane in sukkur in sindh province for burial in her home town , larkana .
that put us on alert , and we have put in place all the necessary controls since january of this year .
for craig s second appearance , kurylenko , a ukrainian model turned actress , will play the dangerously alluring camille , who challenges bond and helps him come to terms with the emotional consequences of vesper s betrayal , the studio says .
the local currency closed at . won against the dollar , up won from a day earlier , as the rate reduction weakened sentiment in the greenback .
gm is operating with the help of a . billion federal loan .
two teenage boys and two adults were shot while a teenage girl injured her knee while fleeing .
japanese space agency spokesman satoki kurokawa described the liftoff which had been postponed three times due to poor weather as a success .
an exit poll for public broadcaster nhk predicted koizumi s liberal democratic party ldp could win somewhere between and seats .
gonzalez , who won in straight sets , said the spirited behavior tuesday by chilean and greek fans reminded him of a davis cup match .
she said the meteor could appear , cloud cover permitting , as bright as a full moon , and may produce a loud boom or popping noise .
the storm came less than a week after an ice storm blamed for at least deaths , mostly in traffic accidents , in the middle of the country .
playfair said it looked into four factories producing olympic licensed products in southern china .
a red cross official in the area , said people were believed to have been killed , with injured and still missing .
nasa spokesman kyle herring said it s possible ice could have formed and not been detected , even though heaters were installed on the wastewater dump valve after the mission .
you re near where switzerland , italy and france come together to high five the sky . miles literally above chamonix , you re riding europe s highest lift .
beijing , china cnn european companies believe china is trying to avoid fully carrying out its free trade pledges , according to a survey released thursday ahead of a visit by european union leaders for talks on trade , currency and other disputes .
meanwhile in washington , deputy secretary of state richard armitage gave senators the u . s . administration s strongest assurance to date that washington intends to have a direct dialogue with north korea .
it was embarrassing enough that mark stahnke woke up in a neighbor s yard without his pants .
two years later , he is still pressing his suit .
barbara mikulski , d maryland , and kay bailey hutchison , r texas , this month proposed increasing nasa s funding by billion . mikulski also called for a space summit between congress and the white house to raise the profile of nasa s budget needs .
some , people died in insurgency related violence , according to an associated press count based on numbers from u . s . , nato and afghan officials .
lee said most of the core members of hwang s former seoul national university snu team in the fields of animal cloning and human embryonic stem cell work will move to the veterinarian s new research facility .
the international olympic committee has consistently resisted calls for a boycott of the olympic games , rogge said .
al zawahiri pledged allegiance to mullah omar and called on all his followers to reject animosity and differences and come together under mullah omar s banner .
aid groups set up freshwater tanks to provide clean drinking water .
abortions are legal in britain up to weeks .
ten other people were wounded in the attack .
russia s space agency is still waiting for an official applicant to be the world s third space tourist on a flight to the international space station scheduled this autumn .
sometimes , hanging out at home can be a lot more fun than going out to some restaurant filled with couples , says author mcguire .
however , opponents argue that creating and experimenting with human embryos is unethical .
we will see to it that everything is back to normal by tomorrow and that people can return to pray , he said .
sunday s deadliest attack happened about miles kilometers west of baghdad when a bomb hit a truck carrying iraqi army recruits , killing and wounding others most of them recruits , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
you know , republicans have been saying that this is a partisan process , and democrats have been saying , hey , we authorized this
britain s ministry of defense said its position remained unchanged by the iranian footage , the associated press reported .
on amazon . com , a four pack of exposures is selling for
the six party talks involving north and south korea , japan , china , russia and the united states started last august in an effort to resolve a dispute over pyeongyang s development of nuclear weapons .
bushnell contrasts old and new money
china s currency nudged past . yuan to the u . s . dollar thursday , a milestone bound to please beijing s trading partners and dismay exporters struggling to remain competitive in overseas markets .
the nation s household debts surged to trillion won .
kenyan television had earlier broadcast an address from the chairman of the electoral commission announcing that kibaki had narrowly defeated raila odinga , of the opposition orange democratic movement , winning by slightly more than , votes of the more than . million votes cast .
i want to go to korea as fast as i can .
mercedes will unveil its four wheel drive all activity vehicle next year .
the remarks will come in harry truman s hometown of independence , missouri , just days before the fourth of july .
none of them is approved for use in farmed seafood in the united states and some of them have been shown to cause cancer when fed to laboratory animals for prolonged periods of time , acheson said .
if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , obama campaign spokesman robert gibbs told abc s this week on sunday . we hope this week , absolutely .
jon , the president s lifting a ban on funding studies using stem cells from embryos harvested after bush s announcement .
culture vultures at dinner , when the menu gets more ambitious and the space resembles a fantastical glowing aquarium .
she last visited afghanistan in march with president bush .
he cited an ongoing campaign of political intimidation , harassment and arrests by president robert mugabe s government and the ruling zanu pf party .
barack obama , a few minutes ago , the democratic presidential nominee , on a video feed from clearwater , florida , to the clinton global initiative in new york .
he was executed before dawn on saturday in baghdad and buried near his hometown of tikrit a day later .
the bowed string instruments are coveted because of their beauty and superior sound qualities .
the wounded included two police officers , the ministry said .
lithuania depends on russia for percent of its gas slovakia for percent , and bulgaria for percent , according to figures compiled in by the european council on foreign relations .
new york keri russell is a mom .
many of the th century palaces are now museums .
scuds are the type of ballistic missiles that iraqi leader saddam hussein used to attack both saudi arabia and israel during the persian gulf war .
just wants to get home to texas away from the white house press cor .
sound of cash register printing receipts
hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo was sentenced to three years in prison monday for embezzling about billion won million in company funds and causing billion won in loss to group affiliates through breach of trust .
abc , nbc , fox , and cbs still reach mass audiences with an efficiency unmatched by cable tv , movie theaters , videocassettes , or anything else .
the year old glover took part in the protest as part of a larger campaign that aims to increase salaries and improve working conditions for hotel workers in the u . s . and canada .
ten to twelve percent of the amazon jungle has been destroyed since .
japan shows signs of recovery , japan faces a rough road ahead .
on sunday morning , they fired rocket propelled grenades , mortars and small arms at u . s . and iraqi forces .
somali prime minister ali mohamed gedi the target of several assassination attempts had just left the national reconciliation conference when the attack happened , spokesman abdi gobdon said .
bush recently announced plans to send , more us troops to iraq .
many homes in the fishing and diving centre of gizo were destroyed or badly damaged by both the earthquake and the resulting wall of water .
team mates and medical staff immediately rushed to his side and were seen preventing him from swallowing his tongue as he lost consciousness , but he was able to walk from the pitch .
beyond guilt or innocence , the charges against you raise serious questions about your ability to carry out your duties as chief executive of our state , durbin wrote in a letter sent to blagojevich .
as a result , virginia also is attracting more tourists to partake in wine tastings , local cuisine and stays at nearby inns .
britain s prince harry apologized through a spokesman saturday after videos surfaced showing him using offensive language to describe people in his military unit .
a handwritten copy of the gettysburg address , penned by abraham lincoln himself and usually kept in the lincoln bedroom at the white house , will be be on display at the museum through january .
it was the same last year and the year before that , and the year before that .
ramos horta s political ally , outgoing president xanana gusmao , is planning to run for prime minister in a bid to sideline fretilin , which was in power when violence last year brought the country to the brink of civil war .
the state also is mailing out , stop rats !
the korea times reports that if the government s bill is passed in the national assembly , year olds will be permitted to exercise property rights and make legally binding contracts independently from next year .
at least this will not happen as long as i am the president of fifa , said blatter , who remains president until .
chen was mostly insulated monday from the noisy crowds of taiwan independence supporters , who were blocked or dragged away by security forces .
meanwhile , argentine guillermo coria , the roland garros runner up , will replace injured andy roddick in the men s draw .
of the roughly planets found so far outside our solar system , most travel in tight , erratic orbits around their stars .
they didn t need to speak .
authorities in the country relaxed a nighttime curfew to cover four hours from p . m . to a . m starting saturday night .
the airline said the airport , at an altitude of about , feet , meters was suddenly enveloped by fog when the plane was landing .
europe s financial markets suffered more heavy losses wednesday despite the world s leading economies slashing interest rates to tackle the global financial crisis .
taro aso , while speaking to the budget committee at the house of councilors on wednesday , was quoted as saying , south korea and china are helping north korea .
gore advised lawmakers to cut carbon dioxide and other warming gases percent by to avoid a crisis .
renato was on target in the rd minute when he guided the ball into the net on the volley after defender daniel alves had spotted his run into the area .
readapting to gravity was even tougher for teacher astronaut barbara morgan .
without electricity , men fought the summer heat by keeping windows open and staying topless .
expectations of change , whoever wins , are huge .
the mission is set to expire in unless lawmakers extend it .
instead , he believes the government should let him live in a palace , at least as a tourist attraction .
the specially designed train was outfitted to reach up to kph . mph about the speed of a short distance freight propeller plane .
but the militants scrapped the deal last week and launched attacks in waziristan , adding to general concern that the security situation in pakistan was deteriorating .
bush called for a united front with countries who recognize the danger of iran having a nuclear weapon , saying the us was working closely with the uk , france and germany on the issue .
two bradley fighting vehicles rushing to the helicopter crash site were hit by exploding roadside bombs , killing six soldiers and injuring three , the official said .
the main candidates in the french presidential election have held their final campaign rallies .
the number of the hostages is unclear .
japan is the most threatened country to korea .
however , the guardian newspaper s web site content director emily bell had a simple explanation for all those balls of light in the sky .
the dow is down points in the first half hour .
clinton also claimed the majority of women s votes , according to the polling .
officials said he helped plan external attacks and train jihadists to carry out those plots .
guenther oettinger , the regional governor of baden wuerttemberg , defended hans filbinger , who became a symbol of post war germany s failure to face up to the legacy of hitler s third reich , at a memorial service for the politician who died earlier this month .
the island was badly hit by the december tsunami , which killed an estimated , people and left thousands missing across asia and africa .
home values have been going down steadily for nearly two years now , and nobody can see the end of the decline in sight , jon .
clinton spent her weekend in kentucky , which , along with oregon , holds its democratic contest tuesday .
they in london have persons hiding who are wanted by our law enforcement bodies for committing grave and especially serious crimes , putin said . but london doesn t give a damn and gives refuge to people accused of committing especially serious crimes .
the case became a sensation in the british press and then internationally , with celebrities , including soccer icon david beckham , offering their help .
rails were also treated for perfect contact , cuccaroni said .
but the business community called for the korean confederation of trade unions to be more cautious and responsible . a major labor group yesterday vowed to stage strikes in june if its concerns , including an increase in the minimum wage , are not addressed during negotiations , the korea herald reports .
mexico city s legislative assembly has voted to legalize abortion in the city , the capital of the world s second largest roman catholic country .
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september docudrama united .
he spoke only in direct response to bonaventure s questions .
the united states and its allies say they are willing to provide aid if north korea freezes its nuclear facilities and commits itself to dismantling them .
the company also said china s government controlled investment vehicle has invested billion to help replenish its capital .
the eu urged texas governor rick perry to stop putting prisoners to death before the state carries out its th death sentence since tomorrow .
ex she was adamant that she would not come .
cotte s high resolution camera led him to numerous additional discoveries about the enigmatic artwork .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday during a visit to brazil that all u . n . nations , including venezuela , have an obligation to go after terrorists and keep them from operating within their borders .
the latest has even spurred a budding boycott movement .
another award is made for economics .
the buyout fund has denied all allegations leveled at it by prosecutors , calling them baseless and predicting it would win any court case .
dr . richard steadman , who also operated on the dutchman eight years ago , discovered a partial break to van nistelrooy s knee cap and damage to a cruciate ligament and cartilage around the knee .
the perfect mirror reflects light from all angles and does not absorb any of it . it could have been used , for example , to reflect back enemy laser beams , he continued
eighty eight of the victims of the bali bombings were australian .
the bush administration has been criticized for not sending enough ground forces to tora bora in december to capture the militant after the invasion that toppled the taliban .
brown said he expected laurean was getting help in hiding and asked friends or family to turn in the marine corporal if he makes contact .
i had difficulty adjusting at first , but i don t complain because i came here to avoid society and save time for studying .
it s been planned for a long time , said nadine bauer , a hospital spokeswoman . she s very well . everything is fine .
the results are not yet final , but it appears the opposition movement for democratic change and its allies will secure a majority in zimbabwe s seat lower house of parliament .
cnn conflicting reports about what caused the death of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto are fueling questions about the circumstances of her assassination .
the first inside the park home run in all star game history from ichiro suzuki helped the american league beat the national league in the annual major league showcase on tuesday .
if approved , it would need president abdullah gul s approval , which is expected .
southbound lanes of nearby interstate were closed as bomb technicians detonated the device , and the clinic , an insurance agency and an apartment building behind the clinic were evacuated .
if we give up in the face of this situation , if we quit doing all of the things that really matter in life because this darkness has visited us , then we are going to surrender to the darkness , mcdearis said .
also today , u . s . warplanes struck a house in the iraqi flashpoint town of falluja .
is it time it s the europeans suggest for a wholesale rewrite of the financial rules of the road ?
musharraf , a top u . s . ally in its war on terrorism , was in paris to meet with french president nicolas sarkozy on the second leg of his tour .
the alliance s top commander , gen james jones , said nato had been taken aback by the scale of violence in the region .
the bbc reports former thai pm thaksin shinawatra has returned to his homeland , months after being deposed in an illegal military coup .
stuffed animals are a no no , as are too many tiny pillows .
seoul is seemingly ready to accept article another key element of the chapter as it allows the security council to decide what measures , besides the use of armed force , are to be employed to pressure pyongyang .
and the president of azerbaijan stressed he would be glad to contribute to world security and stability , putin said .
it will request an arrest warrant for him if allegations that he abused power to patronize shin , his long time romantic partner , are confirmed .
the quake also knocked down at least homes in ishikawa , and partially destroyed another , the fdma said .
forces korea has dwindled by percent since , a lawmaker said thursday .
china s job outlook is grim , and the global financial crisis could cause more layoffs and more labor unrest until the country s economic stimulus package kicks in next year , the nation s minister of human resources and social security said thursday .
london , england cnn another set of secret documents regarding government policies against terrorism were found on a british train , the independent on sunday reported .
there were lots of injuries , said the state homeland security and emergency management department .
the plane belonged to a small cambodian airline called pmt air , which began flying from siem reap to sihanoukville in january .
martinez , california cnn as the contra costa county clerk in northern california , stephen weir has signed off on hundreds of marriages and officiated over several ceremonies .
the shooting , which prompted many visitors to flee the cnn center atrium , occurred about p . m . near the omni hotel which is part of the complex .
to minimize his exposure , bush will do most of his traveling by helicopter , but some stops on in his itinerary , particularly in the west bank , are reachable only by car and on foot .
the dead included an u . s . citizen and a norwegian newspaper reporter , carsten thomassen , .
communist china dealt a crushing blow to hong kong s hopes for full democracy monday , when its most powerful legislative panel ruled the territory won t have direct elections for its next leader in or for all its lawmakers in .
after the white house denial of the meeting , criticism arose regarding the party s mishandling of the affair .
musharraf s popularity plunged after placing chief justice iftikhar chaudhry under brief house arrest in march , a move that sparked violent demonstrations .
two male musicians of couch suddenly dropped their pants and exposed their genitalia while continuing to dance .
ban also repeated the government s view that washington will take more active steps in trying to restart the stalled six nation disarmament talks , which involve the two koreas , the united states , russia , china and japan .
correspondent rob riggle , who has combat experience as a major in the u . s . marine corps reserve , spent five days in iraq last week with daily show writer kevin bleyer and field producer glenn clements .
de jesus says he learned he was jesus reincarnate when he was visited in a dream by angels .
korea and the united states have agreed to free flows of goods and services between themselves and the two countries have yet to introduce free travel of their citizens .
maier turns back the clock to win super g
abu dhabi , united arab emirates cnn a license plate with nothing but the number on it went for a record million at a charity auction saturday .
from late until recently , we have spotted north korean troops near the inter korean border in inje , gangwon province , unloading sacks of rice marked with the red cross symbol , the military source said , on condition of anonymity .
turnout in the north carolina democratic primary was expected to reach percent , according to gary bartlett , executive director for the north carolina board of elections .
producers are expected to announce thursday that j . k . rowling s last potter installment , harry potter and the deathly hallows , will be split into two parts on the big screen .
similar cases have fueled resentment of the u . s . military presence .
officials say the land is for a road and the demolitions are simply part of a master plan to clean up the city and move slum dwellers to proper housing .
a year man identified by scotland yard only as h was a detained at the brisbane , australia , airport monday evening while waiting to catch a flight out of the country , beattie said .
the pueblo , an american spy ship that north korea captured in , is docked on the banks of pyongyang s taedong river and receives hundreds of visitors every day .
worries over the u . s . economy spurred declines across the asia pacific markets early monday .
speaking during her confirmation hearing for the position of secretary of state , she also called the current u . s . engagement in afghanistan the greatest priority for the president elect .
moderate measures needed to settle north korea s nuclear issue .
in the hot summer months when the amoeba flourishes , he said , doctors need to learn to look for the symptoms of an amoeba related illness .
the midwest is bitter cold
a statement from buckingham palace said the queen and her husband , prince philip , are delighted with the news .
alvin celestino was caught on his way to board a northwest airlines flight to detroit , national police chief avelino razon said .
the military rulers of myanmar , formerly known as burma , put the death toll around , according to media reports .
leading french presidential candidate nicolas sarkozy and the office of president jacques chirac both denied a news report on wednesday alleging that the two men had struck a deal to protect chirac from prosecution once his judicial immunity runs out next month .
the plane slammed into a tam airlines building after narrowly clearing the airport s perimeter fence and rush hour traffic on a surrounding highway . three people on the ground also died and another were hospitalized .
this week , nations , including the united states and britain , increased pressure on rival politicians to find a solution , threatening to cut aid to the government if the commitment of the government of kenya to good governance , democracy , the rule of law and human rights weakens .
the ap quoted witnesses who saw people being beaten and dragged into trucks by police .
the president was very agitated , speaking french at a loud volume very rapidly , dewitt said .
meanwhile , prime minister nuri al maliki , on a tour abroad to ask the mostly sunni led governments of the arab world to help his struggling government stop the violence in iraq , said he told egypt s president that iraq s reality is not a civil or sectarian war .
all sailors were confirmed safe , according to the ministry , adding that the other crew comprised chinese , three vietnamese , three indians and four indonesians .
paris , france cnn a french court sentenced six charity workers to eight years in prison on monday for the attempted kidnapping of children in chad .
the spider is a baby now , but will eventually grow about as big as a tarantula .
more than , customers were blacked out sunday in parts of pennsylvania , utilities reported .
the polls are still positive that a democratic edge among nearly million early voters has been strong .
that is not always the case with off label drugs .
last week the woman testified that she sobbed through the wedding and had to be coaxed by jeffs and her mother when asked to say i do .
along with california , colorado , new mexico , nevada and oregon where voters count the environment as a top issue .
it was not immediately known when the two might be discharged .
the dark knight is nominated in several categories , favorite movie , favorite action movie , favorite cast , and as paula marshall reads , this category too
seven u . s . military police also stand accused of beating , humiliating and photographing detainees at the prison .
he said iraq condemned the action and wanted turkey s troops to leave as soon as possible . but he said iraqi officials had expressed their willingness to work with turkey over the issue of pkk terrorism .
tens of thousands of people have been displaced by the fighting across north kivu province , where the park is located , and tens of thousands more have fled into neighboring uganda .
at the first hearing of his trial , kim , also the former business partner of president elect lee myung bak , said that prosecutors were only wasting taxpayer s money and time trying to prove something that was untrue .
getting agreement on any lyrics to the national anthem is no easy task and would ultimately have to be approved by parliament .
the u . s . rollercoaster day followed sharp declines in european markets while many asian benchmark indexes enjoyed gains .
the film s two stars , muzaffer ozdemir and mehmet emin toprak , shared the award for best actor .
so the admission did more than just confirm long held suspicions in washington that north korea , a charter member in bush s axis of evil , had pursued weapons of mass destruction despite a agreement to stop .
correa , venezuelan president hugo chavez and colombian president alvaro uribe shook hands at the end of what had been a contentious meeting of the rio group of latin american leaders .
looking for a good place to watch the returns come in on the upper west side in nyc , tweeted colleen newvine on monday .
my father strides and his hands would go like a paddle because of his wide shoulders . whitaker is knock kneed my father was bowlegged .
entertainment tonight first reported on its web site friday that the actress had given birth in france .
if you put those two things together , you d have an almost unstoppable force .
at least one building and several cars were burning after the blast in the predominantly shiite district , reuters news agency reported .
the liquid pesticide the man consumed was later identified as chloropicrin , which was used to produce tear gas during world war i and induces tears and vomiting .
the transfers had been disguised as trade transactions it was not clear from the report if the money had been raised in korea or had been routed through this country in an attempt to disguise its origins .
he replaces kim hyun chong who was named to be ambassador to the united nations in new york .
no words of mine could describe the pain and harm inflicted by such abuse . it is important that those who have suffered be given loving pastoral attention .
police sources told cnn over the weekend that they had a list of , lawyers and political activists who were to be arrested .
pavarotti had been preparing to leave new york in july to resume a farewell tour when doctors discovered a malignant pancreatic mass , robson said at the time .
xinhua news agency said the accident happened at the qunli mine in nayong county in guizhou province .
during more than two hours of talks monday , musharraf told cheney that pakistan has done the maximum in the fight against terrorism and that joint efforts were needed for achieving the desired objectives , his office said .
the long struggling pageant had promised a new look for this year s beauty battle .
un sanctions were imposed on north korea after it tested a missile in july and then exploded its first nuclear weapon in october , leading to a wave of international condemnation .
the move comes even as rockets and motars are being launched into israel .
seafood and other proteins
the so called nautical shells are supposed to explode on the surface of the east river , remaining illuminated for a few seconds before fading out , said robin hall , executive producer of the macy s fourth of july display
as he rode through the streets in a truck , flanked by a lengthy convoy , massive crowds chanted obama , obama and waved flags emblazoned with his name and an image of his face .
american airlines said it chose to continue with the flight because of the full load of passengers waiting at london s heathrow airport to return to the united states .
he said a medical team was still trying to stabilize one of the boys .
moore ede , a physiology professor at harvard medical school , estimates that the costs of fatigue
this is the first time a foreign investment fund has been indicted in south korea for stock price manipulation .
the house approved billion in new taxes on the largest oil companies wednesday as democrats cited record oil prices and rising gasoline costs in a time of economic troubles .
steel and petrochemical businesses are also expected to have trouble bolstering their sales due largely to shrinking demand and a decline in export orders .
we have a match to play and we will see what we can do . we need a miracle .
a ranking u . s . official said in new york on monday that the international community should ensure that all rogue states financial activities are stopped , whether they are seemingly legitimate or illicit . stuart levey , the u . s .
the standard poor s index gained . percent and the nasdaq composite rose . percent , both after touching a lows not seen since .
hfmd can be caused by a number of intestinal viruses , of which ev and coxsackie a are among the most common .
president gloria macapagal arroyo defiantly rejected criticism monday of her decision to withdraw philippine troops from iraq to save the life of a captive filipino truck driver .
president george bush appointed her to his council of advisors on science and technology .
this may be a very new critical component of this investigation , state police col . steve flaherty said .
conservative nicolas sarkozy and socialist segolene royal are fighting over bayrou s million voters , who may determine who wins the may runoff vote .
hanaro s union supports the plan to borrow million dollars from the consortium and the sale to it of new shares worth million dollars , arguing that lg will not be able to resolve the company s debt problems .
aung kyi , viewed as a moderate , is the first officially designated liaison appointed by the junta to meet with the opposition leader .
talabani has been meeting with leaders in iraq s kurdistan region to quell tensions with turkey after pkk rebels ambushed a turkish infantry unit early sunday and killed at least soldiers .
he repeated warnings that the us defense shield could lead to a new arms race but said it would the fault of the americans if this happened .
a day after the two koreas reached an informal agreement to resume bilateral talks , south korea s foreign minister , ban ki moon , warned pyongyang against conducting a nuclear test and said it should end efforts to exact apologies from washington for calling north korea an outpost of tyranny .
terry sent off as chelsea draw at everton
according to the bank , previous calculations have overestimated the size of china s economy by about .
iraq s deputy prime minister said the move is aimed at stopping foreign insurgents from infiltrating into iraq .
lugo , the year old ex bishop , was a popular candidate as he campaigned to support the paraguay s indigent population .
people who commit sexual assaults against children under and kill them will likely face the death penalty or life imprisonment .
several hours later , a powerful aftershock hit the same region .
i will not conceal that one of the most difficult issues was and remains missile defense in europe , said putin , who will be replaced by russia s president elect dmitry medvedev next month . our fundamental attitude toward the american plan has not changed .
the democratic candidate s campaign singled out the so called enron loophole for allowing speculators to run up the cost of fuel by operating outside federal regulation .
ceremonies will be held in new york city and albany this year to commemorate the third anniversary of the september th attacks .
last week s , unprecedented heavy spring snow inflicted severe losses on farming households in the country s central region and trapped tens of thousands on blocked highways .
during the crew s nearly days at the space station , the astronauts installed a new truss segment , unfurled a new pair of power generating solar arrays , and activated a rotating joint that allows the new solar arrays to track the sun .
spain claimed their first major football title in years after beating germany in sunday s european championship final in vienna .
brianna morrison , , who used fertility drugs , gave birth just before midnight sunday in minneapolis , minnesota .
the french hostages said on the tape that they were told that if there isn t a positive response on the part of french authorities to what the taliban is asking , then they will be killed within a matter of days , burman said . he said he did not know what those demands are .
just over percent said they had a favorable view of the former president , and those voters went for clinton by a point margin , percent to percent .
tensions are mounting within local administrative bodies as a new law enabling residents to oust incompetent local government chiefs and council members comes into effect today .
demonstrators also expressed their anger about what they see as biased reporting of the tibet story by western media organizations including cnn .
the united states , which believes an offensive will make the unstable region even more volatile , is doing what it can to stop such an eventuality .
he also called on american troops and met with high iraqi leaders .
and therefore i won t commit beyond july .
public school officials in chicago , illinois , are recommending approval of a gay friendly high school because harassment and violence are causing gay students to skip class and drop out at alarming rates .
smoking was already barred on buses and airplanes and in larger offices .
the lack of rain or snow is called a drought .
the answer to the first question was subsequently forgotten .
the soldiers said the decision to close the camp had already been made and the choice would be whether you would freeze to death in the cold or move , she said .
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois for the democratic nomination ends this week or continues into the spring .
stephen smith added the actor s family would be offered help to return his body to perth in australia , where he is expected to be laid to rest .
given the gravity of the economic situation the nation is facing , i could not in good conscience ask the president elect and his administration to delay for one day the important work that needs to be done .
we exchange messages with each other to share plans , the taliban commander said of bin laden we actually meet very rarely just for important consultations .
after opec s announcement , light , sweet crude for october delivery fell cents to . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising above . in london , october brent crude gained cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
i call upon him to agree in principle to head the russian government after the elections of the new president , medvedev , currently the deputy prime minister , told state television .
figures showed that us consumer confidence has fallen to a near two year low , while house prices have seen the sharpest drop in years .
clinton s visit will attempt to show president barack obama s commitment to finding a two state solution that establishes a sovereign palestinian state at peace with israel .
prime minister lee apologized for insults he directed at the gnp .
their meeting was held in a cordial atmosphere , the official korean central news agency reported .
the statement came hours after blair stepped down from government after a decade in power . full story
the united states has eight entries the second highest number for any single country .
the united nations does not know who gambari will be meeting with , but it is hoped that the envoy will facilitate talks between ruling generals and nobel peace prize winner aung san suu kyi , an opposition leader and human rights activist who has been under house arrest on and off for nearly years .
kim s return to seoul , possibly early next week , carries heavy political implications ahead of south korea s december th presidential election .
eighty three percent of blacks voted for obama , while percent supported clinton , according to the exit poll .
if the albanians are going to get everything and the serbians are going to lose everything , there will be a problem .
the world health report aims to spotlight disparities in health care across the globe , and as the nairobi example illustrates , the differences exist not only between the first and third worlds they can occur just across town .
that is richard ebeling of the american institute for economic research .
among the offices raided was the finance team suite on the th floor where kim yong cheol , samsung s former legal affairs chief turned whistleblower , claimed that a secret vault was kept to store slush fund cash .
numerous friends and relatives of the mccanns have called any allegations of them having harmed the girl ridiculous .
no one wants to see a lousy movie or program , regardless of where it s shown .
we had a very nice discussion about the political situation in the country , the crisis that we are having , odinga said after the saturday meeting . we told him our point of view .
ferguson has also expanded on his dislike of the celebrity lifestyle now enjoyed by many high profile players .
the soldier s internet profile complete with a photo of him in uniform has drawn more than , hits .
nicole wong , the google attorney who oversees a team of lawyers who consider privacy and other policy issues that go into the making of each product , says she isn t surprised people are anxious or concerned about these innovations .
the former welsh international has scored goals and won major titles in his time at old trafford , including nine premier league titles , four fa cups , two league cups and one european cup .
anthrax inhalation is very rare , and is not contagious .
her father is a drug addict , focused only on his next high her mom cares for the little ones , and heavy responsibility falls on banafsha s young shoulders .
mccready s mother , melody inge , called lee county sheriff s deputies shortly after a . m . saturday to report the year old country singer was intoxicated and causing a disturbance , an arrest report said .
clinton swept obama in every major demographic group , including groups obama generally wins , such as younger voters and higher income voters , according to cnn s exit polls .
all seven were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance , said california highway patrol officer mary ziegenbein . the climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing .
they are still in that area , and have not been taken to madrid , the police official said .
especially when they fly on a c hercules military plane .
richard altomare , chief executive of universal express inc . , the boca raton , florida , luggage transportation company that owns the items , said jackson s lawyers settled when they were convinced they had no legal claim to the goods .
argentina is the world s second largest corn exporter and third largest soybean exporter .
see , the american public , i think , in the last uh , hours has come to view this as something that affects them personally , they saw their k plan , for instance , very substantially reduced in value on monday .
.
blair will then be driven the short distance to see queen elizabeth ii at buckingham palace to formally hand in his resignation .
this is an historic occasion for the department of defense , and i am proud to nominate lt . gen . ann dunwoody for a fourth star , said defense secretary robert gates .
london , england cnn britain s tax and customs service lost banking and personal data of million people nearly half the country s population when two computer disks disappeared in an internal mail service , the treasury chief said tuesday .
details of the six newly reported fatalities in georgia early friday were not immediately available .
a medical expert contacted by cnn said jobs latest announcement about a hormonal imbalance lacked specifics .
often peeping from beneath those enveloping burqas i saw strappy high heeled sandals and crimson colored toenails .
colombians deposited their life savings in the schemes after being promised short term returns of as much as percent .
george w bush has declared california a major disaster zone after four days of wildfires sparked the biggest us evacuation since hurricane katrina .
at least civilians and about militants have also been killed in the northern lebanon fighting , but civilian casualties in the camp in the last four days were unknown .
mccain is now trying to style himself as the most attractive option for voters in november , while democratic rivals hillary clinton and barack obama are still in a delegate by delegate battle to become their party s nominee .
in a forum hosted by the gnp s self claimed reform minded lawmakers in seoul , rev .
president george w . bush and roh , both known for being plainspoken about their views on the government in pyongyang .
i love him too much .
and in mexico city , which bush is scheduled to visit tuesday , about two dozen demonstrators gathered in front of the u . s . embassy chanting slogans against the u . s . project to construct border fences and bush s visit .
before his arrest , simpson said he was merely retrieving items belonging to him , and that no guns were involved .
the government s space environment center in boulder , colorado , tracks space weather and forecasts its changes , which can affect millions of dollars worth of activities such as oil drilling , car navigation systems and astronauts .
the ohio and florida results are reversals from quinnipiac polls published a month ago , when clinton was still in the race and mccain led obama in hypothetical match ups .
it was the deadliest mine accident in ukraine since an explosion at the barakova mine in the eastern luhansk region killed miners in march .
can iceland s geo thermal power re heat its economy ?
wambach came back on in the th minute , and her return seemed to calm things for the americans . o reilly scored minutes later with a clever shot using the outside of her boot .
it won t be released until next spring .
coelho will have a news conference at the headquarters of the kfa .
an iraqi interior ministry official said the device was planted on the bus heading to the imam musa al kadhim shrine in baghdad s kadhimiya district .
u . s . and iraqi forces in mosul have been bearing down on islamic jihadists loyal to al qaeda in iraq for several weeks .
baur was an organic chemist and food storage technician who specialized in research and development and quality control for cincinnati based procter gamble co .
the texas democratic party estimates . million texans attended the precinct conventions , doubling the , who voted in .
ronner is a san francisco , california area field services manager for technology outsourcer perot systems corp . , and he handles computer systems for a big perot client , catholic healthcare west .
tree limbs bent under the weight of heavy ice could snap back into place today as that ice melts , cutting the just repaired power lines .
latte made with skim milk
the year old torre becomes the dodgers eighth manager since they moved west from brooklyn for the season .
lebron james , cleveland s preordained king , isn t quite ready for his .
she was lying in bed with a blanket drawn up to her chin , he said .
stand next to the factory where they pump out the hot sauce at the rate of , bottles a day , and the powerful essence is enough to make your eyes water and start you coughing .
china has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising .
members of the us episcopal church have rejected a demand from the worldwide anglican church that they stop appointing gay bishops .
the committee is a communist party organ dealing mainly with relations with south korea .
beijing regards the island of taiwan which has been under democratic self rule since the end of the civil war in as a renegade province which should eventually be reunified with the communist mainland .
total revenues are up , but profits slipped because of weakness in the pc market .
new york cnn michael jackson knows his reputation as a freak but just ignores it .
car maker ford is closing north american plants with the loss of , jobs as it attempts to revive its business there .
ahtisaari twice worked to find a solution in kosovo first in and again between and .
if you can t fix my computer at a . m . , fine .
authorities say he preaches holy war and admires osama bin laden .
the group had gone to afghanistan after ignoring warnings by their government against travel to the country . the government was under intense pressure to bring them home safely and has faced criticism for negotiating with the captors .
but , he says , he s not sure clipper is the answer .
the group noted the british government is successfully pressuring food manufacturers to switch to safer colorings .
the geneva based commission , in its annual study of the industry titled world robotics , said a record , robots were installed last year , up percent on .
in some of these rooms at berkeley , that just wouldn t be possible .
i said , this is it , we ve got to get out of here .
in another move sure to dampen foreign investment in korea , a korean affiliate of qualcomm , the u . s . technology company , is currently being investigated by the fair trade commission ftc , korea s antitrust agency .
the two nations are also likely to talk about possible reparations for japan s colonial rule in north korea , as well as pyongyang s nuclear ambitions .
posh london residential property will still be more in demand than its equivalent anywhere else in europe .
i admire and respect them both enough to wait and see what happens .
from auschwitz to chicago , detailed holocaust letters survive
the jury is set to hear scene setting evidence , including cctv and a tourist video .
tehran has denied interfering in iraq .
he said it was still unclear why the other truck failed to stop but said it might have lost its brakes .
eads had reported in march that certain executives and major shareholders had sold shares during a pre approved window , but amf decided to investigate whether anyone who sold those shares knew the bad news about the delays was coming .
the husband , shumail raj , , first brought the case to court , appealing for protection from harassment by their relatives .
london , england cnn heather mills mccartney broke her silence wednesday about her divorce from paul mccartney , saying in tv interviews that she fears for her life because of death threats and blaming tabloids for her problems .
there is no guarantee that any transaction will be forthcoming and a further announcement will be made in due course if appropriate , ba said in a statement .
former world chess champion was taken into custody by japanese authorities .
former enron chief executive jeffrey skilling , who gained infamy as the man who orchestrated the fraud , was sentenced to more than years in jail .
the korea times reports south korea is aiming to establish a peace treaty on the korean peninsula to formally end the korean war by after north korea completes its denuclearization under a new roadmap , quoting sources from the ministry of foreign affairs and trade on sunday .
coelho will have a news conference at the headquarters of the kfa .
cnn and other news organizations did so until the child was found , and de meo asked media to stop showing the picture .
nato and afghan troops have killed suspected terrorists .
your golden necklaces weren t enough , you snobs .
there was an iowa for obama sign on the wall , adorned with white christmas tree lights .
cnn north korea has invited inspectors from the u . n . nuclear watchdog back into the country to monitor the shut down of its main nuclear reactor , state media reports .
korea to double african aid by . . .
it has deployed more than , troops to iraq and its parliament has to vote by the end of december to extend , scale back or end the deployment .
u . s . fed cuts key interest rate
the korea times reports that with the aim of solving the traffic problems of the area , seoul s transportation system is being drastically overhauled starting wednesday .
vice minister of the water resources ministry zhang jiyao said plans for the project would be submitted for approval to the cabinet by the end of the year .
violent crime is the number one problem in american cities , like chicago where matt rodriguez is the police superintendent .
in the last few months , she s launched what her campaign calls a kitchen sink strategy of negative attacks , which she defends by telling us that this is what the republicans would do . she says that s how the game is played , he told a philadelphia crowd .
state tv showed huge waves hitting the shore as soldiers worked in pouring rain to help residents to move to temporary shelters .
on the north side of the storm , blizzard like conditions and heavy snow were hitting the states in the path of the system .
president hu jintao arrived in southwestern china on friday to observe the country s devastated earthquake zone , state run media reported .
breathed began his career as a college student with a strip in the university of texas newspaper .
israel launched its military operation in gaza more than two weeks ago to halt rocket attacks on southern israel , which it blames on the hamas leadership of gaza .
the latest agreement provides for the united states to take the lead in making sure the nuclear facilities actually are disabled .
support for the extension is conditional on nato providing more troops and equipment to back up canadian forces in the south , the former taliban stronghold .
obama rolls out national security team
dozens of reporters and photographers pushed and shoved behind barriers set up at the terminal before the duo , surrounded by security guards , left in a black sport utility vehicle without commenting .
we see an average increase of by in fatalities over the typical day , um , when we have halloween on a weekend .
the united states maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that don t file flight plans inside that area .
her highest finish was a tie for third at newport country club in rhode island last year , one of her six top s in majors .
bloomberg mentioned in his editorial that he would work to steer the national conversation away from partisanship and toward unity
we believe that some form of stress may be suppressing immune systems of bees , ultimately contributing to ccd .
the images were sent to mission control for analysis .
there is globalization at work , as equipment that was once routinely made in the u . s . is now manufactured in places like malaysia .
his most recent creation , the recital pavilion , was unveiled at this year s poetry international festival in rotterdam .
day two for the new president , and the ap s rita foley launches our new series called barack obama , the first days
the whalers claim sea shepherd activists have injured crew members in the past and accuse them of dangerous harassment .
when asked whether the u . s . was considering designating venezuela a state sponsor of terror , rice said we will watch the situation and act accordingly .
we thought that things like this only happen in the united states , and now we see it in belgium in a small village like this .
france will also without defenders lilian thuram and julien escude for this week s friendlies against slovakia s a and b teams .
while ban s trip is going ahead , a meeting between koizumi and south korean president roh moo hyun is still in doubt .
wendy au , a spokeswoman at macau s monetary authority , told the associated press that the money was ready to be handed over to the owners of the accounts .
the late night comic got some mileage from the iraqi shoe thrower .
according to the bank , previous calculations have overestimated the size of china s economy by about .
in germany the dax ended the day at , , dropping . or . per cent
someone would say , sing this song , and i would be like , ok , she recalled .
but enforcing smoking bans has in the past been difficult and it is not unusual to see people lighting up next to no smoking signs in public places .
french officials in the indian ocean have inspected a north korean ship under the terms of un security council sanctions adopted against pyongyang .
some found themselves trapped , while others refused to leave despite warnings that the muddy flood waters running over feet deep in places may rise further in the coming days .
fatah s preventive security headquarters in khan yunis is now under hamas control , the sources said .
the prosecution yesterday arrested a korean american businessman at the center of a wiretapping and slush fund scandal involving samsung group and high profile politicians .
courtenay recommended that men with a history of depression see a mental health professional before the birth of a child to work through any issues that are causing stress and anxiety .
a speech to the people of pakistan is recorded over a montage of old video , and begins with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic .
you won t want to think about how much eclipse is going to cost , however , because dubai , the world s current biggest yacht is reportedly worth well over million .
demonstrators barricaded city streets sunday in athens and thessaloniki and hurled petrol bombs as they battled with police , who fought back with tear gas in the second day of rioting .
this is one of my favorite events and playing feliciano is always tough , said nadal , who had his left shoulder taped after complaining of pain in recent days .
police spokesman ralf moritz said about other people were injured , some of them seriously , in the accident on the a highway between halle and magdeburg .
on april , north korea said nuclear talks would be a waste of time if the united states insists that the communist country first scrap its suspected atomic weapons programs before discussing possible economic and diplomatic benefits .
britain s strongest recorded quake was the north sea quake of june , , with a magnitude of . .
the one laptop program was founded in by nicholas negroponte , former media lab director at the massachusetts institute of technology .
uh , mark , i know the obama girls are staying home , but i understand they ll be on the minds of the first lady and their mother .
the two men issued a joint statement promising to look frankly at their historical disputes , and signed accords on energy and the environment .
through the aga khan development network , the world s largest private development agency , countries as diverse as mali , rwanda , egypt and tanzania have benefited from a wide range of projects .
he , though , says the insertion of presidential politics has not been helpful
she even apologized for president bush s lackluster response regarding hurricane katrina .
spokesman for the publisher of bill clinton s memoir says , considering his poll ratings , later would be better .
as of february , alitalia s books showed a . billion . billion debt , up nearly percent from the end or january .
loneliness we see to be much more like hunger , thirst and pain than a personality factor per se , cacioppo told cnn . it s something everybody has , everybody has the capacity to feel that way , and it serves to call attention to a real biological need .
the man , identified as year old jayaprakash bezbaruah , avoided zoo safety precautions in an apparent attempt to photograph the two adult bengal tigers up close , said gauhati zoo warden narayan mahanta .
under french law , preliminary charges mean the investigating judge has determined there is strong evidence to suggest involvement in a crime .
lee earned million won by selling about watches with a manufacturing cost of , to million won at excessive prices , ranging from . million to . million won , starting in march , police said .
how can he say something like that ?
an incursion across the border would be violating the sovereignty of another country and is against international laws and treaties , he said .
they re working the case now .
an interpreter also was killed in the blast , the center reported .
israeli and arab officials meanwhile said an arab league delegation will go to israel for the first time this week .
the nine page report , obtained by cnn on monday , details a number of recent meetings with iranians officials who deny conducting weapons research and continue to stymie the united nations nuclear watchdog agency .
but for some viewers , being part of the movie is making them sick literally .
madrid , spain cnn spain s spy agency chief said tuesday a suspected double agent had been arrested who revealed the names of spanish spies and other state secrets to a foreign nation .
to measure exposure , the researchers used a method developed by another research group evaluating shows for sexual content .
it would also have recreational uses , allowing people to touch and feel each other over the internet .
equally , the union wants all officials from its member states visiting cuba to raise these issues with the government .
northrop , an aerospace and defense company , says the idea is for teachers to take their exhilarating experience back to their classrooms and inspire in their students a love of science .
the company broke that policy about two years ago , and my friend remembers vividly how bad it was
gateway to the mount everest region in nepal
and other inter korean economic cooperation projects .
china announced a billion stimulus package sunday in its biggest move to stop the global financial crisis from hitting the world s fourth largest economy .
fearing the bombings were only the first in a wave of attacks , officials decided to close all the schools in the western province which includes colombo for the rest of the week , and security officers warned sri lankans to be on high alert .
incoming information on the performance of mortgage related assets has intensified investors concerns about credit market developments and the implications of the downturn in the housing market for economic growth , bernanke said in his prepared remarks .
the photo shoot , which follows tunick s previous shoots in london , mexico city and amsterdam , will take place in august at an undisclosed location in switzerland .
the sixth hole was drilled into the area where the miners were known to be working when the mine collapsed august .
last month , gunmen opened fire on a car killing four shiite muslims in dera ismail khan .
although kaesong is a major provincial city , it had few cars a cultural shock for day trippers from traffic congested seoul .
sunni leaders believe the alleged victim is telling the truth and are outraged by the officials response .
ethnic indians mainly hindus form one of malaysia s largest minority groups .
the names of the soldiers were not immediately released .
washington cnn attacking several tons of woolly mammoth with stone tipped spears must have taken extraordinary courage and ancient people left paintings to prove they did it .
in fact , i did plan the crime , braunstein wrote farber in the letter . the madness resides in the fact that i had no motive or intent . thus , once i attacked the victim , i had no idea why i was there , or what to do .
it d probably be easier to list all the jobs that bob hasn t had , bush said wednesday .
in , a nepali couple exchanged vows on the summit as the first couple to get married on everest .
some analysts have said sony , which makes walkman portable players and playstation video game machines , had fallen behind rivals in flat panel technology , including samsung electronics co . of south korea and sharp corp . of japan .
the approval rating of the uri party has recently fallen below percent .
but finding money to invest in renewable energy ventures is no longer an issue , he says .
speaking to foreign reporters days before he travels to germany for the annual summit with president bush and the other group of eight leaders , putin assailed the white house plan to place a radar system in the czech republic and interceptor missiles in neighboring poland .
the court also handed down a , fine against the former screen siren and animal rights campaigner .
he ross will not be paid by the bbc during this period .
rooney had set up steven gerrard to put england ahead early in the group six match at the dinamo stadium , the liverpool star curling his shot home from meters .
officials in fargo , north dakota are calling in more national guard troops as the rising red river threatens to inundate the city in the coming days .
so perhaps it s not always bad for fans to litter the pitch .
pre macworld rumors about an iphone nano and a preview of the snow leopard operating system proved unfounded .
remembering the aspiring star , music executive jody gerson still feels terrible about thinking she s never going to get signed , even though she s fabulous .
turning up the heat on the blue house , the national election commission yesterday said remarks by president roh moo hyun last weekend criticizing the grand national party broke the election law , and it issued a warning over the issue .
the korea times reports it will also implement a set of reform measures aimed at preventing authorities from abusing their power when conducting investigations .
concerns that classics may lack popular appeal were quickly dispelled by the phenomenal spike in east of eden sales .
on the opening day of the convention that will make him the party s presidential nominee , kerry underscored its theme that america can be both stronger at home and respected abroad .
but atomic weapons are a different matter .
senna was shot four times in the head , and the hooded men sped away .
the story was carried by the pro opposition korea times .
the united states wants you to have the elections as scheduled , and i want you to take the uniform off , bush said of his telephone conversation with musharraf earlier in the day .
addressing whether superdelegates should back the candidate with the most pledged delegates and popular vote , obama said he believed voters will be frustrated if democratic superdelegates choose to back the trailing candidate .
it might be used as a tax credit to offset the sting for those with a lower income , countering one of the most common arguments against such a tax .
detroit chrysler became an american company again friday as cerberus capital management gained a controlling share from chrysler s german owners and started on the long road to restoring the year old automaker s luster and profits .
the prices , announced last week , were percent to percent higher than those of comparable apartments in nearby residential districts , triggering criticism that the city government failed to deliver on its promise to supply relatively cheap apartments to low income households .
u . s . ambassador thomas schieffer traveled to okinawa last week to express his sadness over the alleged rape .
new snowfall and ice jams along the missouri river are leading to evacuations .
eu leaders agreed last month to send an , strong force of police and legal officials to kosovo to maintain stability after a declaration of independence , which is expected in the next few months .
rescuers thursday freed a girl and a man from the rubble of a multistory apartment building that collapsed in istanbul , apparently as construction workers tried to tear down a building next door .
gunmen killed more than people during three days of terror in that city .
with more than miles of coast on two seas , the adriatic and the ionian , puglia has all sorts of gorgeous beaches .
it wasn t known why wilson was hospitalized , but a neighbor said a police car , fire truck and ambulance were outside the actor s gated house around noon sunday .
rice s meeting with moallem marked the first such high level talks since the february assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
korea accepted demands from the u . s . out of the issues in negotiation sectors .
three days of fighting have left more than iraqis dead .
is it a breakthrough or just a break before the shooting begins anew in gaza ?
according to the defense ministry , a convoy , more than kilometers long , crossed the kuwait iraq border on sept . guarded by u . s . and british armored vehicles , korean troops traveled aboard vehicles .
the un s nuclear watchdog has called for immediate access to north korea following the country s promise to give up all nuclear activities .
they released a composite photo of a gray haired man , . meters foot tall and aged between and .
the white house took note of putin s move and said it was ultimately a matter for the russian people .
the us air force has relieved several officers of their commands after a b bomber was mistakenly flown across the us loaded with nuclear armed missiles .
the united states , china , japan , south korea and russia have been trying for more than two years to persuade north korea to drop its nuclear programs , but the talks have been inconclusive .
the summer s maddening backlog in passport applications has forced officials to abandon the old standard of a week s wait for people willing to pay extra for speedy service .
in between reports , the channels aired proof of life videos of hostages who remain captive in the farc s camps in the jungle .
the following week brand offered a lighthearted on air apology , in which he said the calls were funny .
he ll be spending the next two months there on home confinement .
known for her stylish outfits and haircut
cnn is also updating its poll of polls of the national general election , thanks to the new cnn orc survey , plus the release of other new surveys monday morning .
more than children have been abducted in haiti since the beginning of the year , adding to a growing trend of kidnappings in countries affected by violence , the agency reports .
military doctors violate medical ethics when they approve the force feeding of hunger strikers at the u . s . prison camp at guantanamo bay , according to a commentary in a prestigious medical journal .
chinese state run television showed families being evacuated from their fishing boats and other vessels .
year old u . s . woman to be world s oldest
in a speech yesterday at the kwanhun club , a club for senior journalists , uri party s chairman , lee bu young , said , we will consult the president and promote such a plan .
still , he says , the union is willing to make more concessions to the auto makers .
however , ma did announce that he would step down as chairman of the nationalist party in line with a promise he has made repeatedly over the past several weeks .
we got a triple dip of economics this morning with the government s latest citibank bailout .
he and brown hailed the reports that the children were released .
beijing olympians face further drug tests
past apologies from japan are not enough to appease south koreans .
president george w . bush may stay on the u . s . aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk , which arrived in the port of pusan for military exercises , while attending the asia pacific economic cooperation forum in pusan , sources said on sunday .
australian opposition leader kevin rudd greeted jubilant supporters saturday night , as he promised changes in environmental , education and workplace policies as australia s new prime minister .
the fire , which threatened private property as well as an endangered bird , started friday , the the southern area interagency management blue team said .
here s ap national security correspondent sagar meghani
earlier friday , a bomb in lakki marwat , also in northwest pakistan , killed the district superintendent of police for whom the funeral was being held , according to the web site of the country s office of inter services public relations .
the celebrity chef s new endeavor called the jules verne , like the restaurant it replaced opened for its first dinner in late december .
naval ships loaded with supplies for the victims of myanmar s cyclone will sail away from the country s coast on thursday , after the ruling junta refused for three weeks to allow them to deliver aid to survivors .
the film benefited from cryptic marketing that sent young moviegoers on a scavenger hunt to decode clues about the movie s plot , images and even its title ,
a boat commissioned by the matsu government left for china s fujian province and is expected to bring back more than , tons of water , roughly one day s supply , an official said by telephone .
here s another instance of how alcohol and gasoline just don t mix
it was created in by the swedish central bank in alfred nobel s memory .
the four also admitted charges related to sending equipment to terrorists .
the embassy had warned travelling fans beforehand not to use the pont duca d aosta bridge because it was habitually used by roma s notorious ultras a following of hardcore fans .
after protesters were evicted from the site , fences were built , the area was designated a restricted military zone and patrolled by riot police and soldiers .
mike tanner of the cato institute says republican john mccain was doing alright until the economy melted down .
the tourists were inside the cave and didn t know what was happening outside , pichan said . they were trapped inside the cave .
the u . n . security council has passed two sanctions resolutions against iran since december , targeting its nuclear and military sectors and severely impeding its financial transactions with the outside world .
former deputy cia director john mclaughlin , now cnn s national security adviser , was at that meeting . what he meant was that it s a slam dunk that we can put more information into the mix to make it clearer why analysts believe there are wmd in iraq , mclaughlin said .
until that happens , web surfers could be blocked from many sites , experts say .
but with of votes counted , the socialists looked set to fall short of the seats needed for an absolute parliamentary majority .
tehran , iran cnn iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since .
with a week to go before election day , most recent national polls show democratic presidential nominee barack obama with an advantage .
the bank says the couple managed to flee new zealand with more than a third of the cash .
the collapse came from nowhere , shahid told cnn . it was a standing structure , and five seconds later it was on the ground .
whether in argentina , in the united states or in spain , these moments bind us together in our grief .
we are seriously concerned , as these old houses are the soul of hoi an , giang said . if they are ruined hoi an will not be hoi an anymore .
i ve waited a long time for my neighbors to start coming home , she said , noting fewer than a third of the neighbors have moved back .
other items include a ceremonial gold dagger from tutankhamun s reign , an ancient dog collar , a turquoise and gold colored cosmetics container , statues which guarded the tombs of tut s relatives , and coffins .
the man , identified only by his initials , d . c . , was arrested thursday for criminal activity in the unrelated case , according to the statement .
he says the spending package will spark the transformation america needs to stay economically competitive .
schumacher got the hint , but she didn t know why .
al masri , a one eyed , hook handed preacher , already is imprisoned in britain for inciting racial hatred at his north london mosque .
the treasury department wrapped up an investigation of a macau bank that the united states accused of helping north korea launder money from counterfeiting and other illegal activities .
he let everyone toss out ideas about how to fix the problem and assure customers that the company s software is safe for navigating the net .
it s just not fun any more , he said , according to the paper .
the slimmer majority could make it harder for the government to carry out crucial economic and educational reforms , including overhauling greece s fractured and debt ridden pension system . thank you for your trust .
sevilla quickly exploited their two man advantage
a group of rebels stormed an african union peacekeeping base in sudan s darfur region , killing personnel from the au mission and wounding several more , a u . n . spokeswoman said sunday .
record levels of harmful metals were contained in the yellow dust storms that blew in from china across the nation last month .
the protest is one of a series in india against what the tibetan exiles say are china s continued attempts to subvert tibetan buddhist culture and strengthen beijing s hold on the himalayan region .
meanwhile , most of the roughly , palestinians who used to live in the once overcrowded camp have now fled . some left on foot carrying babies and only a few belongings , while others crammed into cars and vans .
doctors worked for several hours to keep him alive but he died at am on wednesday .
that have dragged on growth around the world . as the markets grappled with the election result , there was bad news on the u . s . jobs front .
gaze into the distance and you can see aquamarine waves crashing on a white sand beach .
even if we want to do it alone , other countries won t allow us to do that , he said .
the won closed at its highest level in years , rising for the third straight day on globally weak dollar sentiment following the u . s .
the paintings recovered monday are monet s poppies near vetheuil and van gogh s blossoming chestnut branches .
it creates some hiccups , and some long lines , and some folks might have to wait a day or two to get where they re going , but we ll always get em out and we ll do it safely .
australia s politicians have begun their general election campaigns , after prime minister john howard set a th november date .
the meeting with the reclusive north korean leader , announced in early august , was initially scheduled for the end of that month but was postponed after massive flooding in pyongyang .
one woman was among the dead and three were among the wounded .
if it survives , the remaining banteng will be transferred to the san diego wild animal park and encouraged to breed .
all three deny involvement in the death , their lawyers say .
hong kong has reported a handful of infected birds in this outbreak , but no human cases .
the report concluded that nearly months of toughened sanctions , including ending major energy aid , and several rounds of negotiations involving four of north korea s neighbors have not slowed the north s efforts to develop plutonium weapons , and that a separate , parallel program to make weapons from highly enriched uranium was also moving forward , though more slowly .
when he was too sick to write , his mother , nancy , chimed in
despite what some critics call an unbalanced give and take since the fta talks started last june , analysts predict that the two sides will eventually sign a preliminary deal at the end of march .
and from then on the anfield men toiled and labored in an increasingly desperate attempt to avoid a humiliating defeat .
the result means sevilla will finish top of the group if they win at slavia prague in their final match .
pakistani commandos are being dropped behind taliban lines in the swat valley
we were shocked by the result , said neil macdonald , vice president and director of research with gartner inc .
the bbc reports the transfer of north korean funds from a bank in macau a key sticking point to nuclear disarmament talks with the us is under way .
no note was found , and police say they do not know how long the year old had been in the vehicle .
the other three un military observers killed in the accident were from indonesia , zambia and sweden .
and in the southern city of porto alegre , more than people yelled get out , imperialist !
no more references needed to those sad sack phillies teams in the past and their , plus losses .
the request covers local force training , equipment repairs and force protection , including new technologies for protecting troops against roadside bombs .
frost nixon earned a nomination for nixon frank langella but not frost michael sheen .
lone star funds bought a . percent stake in the exchange bank in when the bank was teetering on the edge of bankruptcy .
the prince , second in line to the throne , landed a chinook helicopter normally used for transporting troops in a field next to the home of kate middleton , according to the news of the world tabloid .
he was presumed dead by everyone , including his wife and two sons
efforts to contact the singer s lawyers , marci levine and mel goldman , were unsuccessful late tuesday .
algeria s prime minster was not hurt , but people were killed and were wounded
as for unemployment , it s at . after the labor department reported employers cut , jobs last month
investigators said upendra kumar was the person freed after the officer was paid off .
there was no immediate response from the u . s . state department .
dozens of streets remained blocked monday as cleanup crews gathered debris and downed limbs and trees , piling it on sidewalks or in dumpsters that had been lugged into cordoned off roads .
the kidnapping issue was one of the bigger stumbling blocks in the nuclear negotiations involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia .
pyeongchang is decided as the korea s candidate of hosting the winter olympics .
but gangs was shut out in every category , including best director , where martin scorsese was a sentimental favorite .
calumet city , illinois ap a man beat his girlfriend s year old son to death after she left the boy in his care while she was deployed to iraq , police said .
following the ruling of korea s first lawsuit , the plaintiffs said they will appeal to the higher court but kt g , the tobacco company , said the court ruling was wise .
pascal cotte announced at a press conference wednesday that he has found definitive proof that when leonardo da vinci painted the original portrait he included mona lisa s lashes and brows .
stocks in europe and asia suffered more heavy declines but the major u . s . markets closed higher .
karim benzema , who has been upset at playing on the left , was restored to lead the front line from the center at old trafford .
police in the two cities said they were coordinating information but did not know whether the attacks were related .
doctors at children s hospital listed them in critical condition monday afternoon , with weights ranging between ounces and pound , ounces .
in one of the strongest signals yet that the economy is at high risk of contracting , the philadelphia federal reserve bank said mid atlantic factory activity has slowed much more than excted to levels that typically signal recession .
the payouts began as firefighters gained ground on dozens of fires that have scorched , acres , hectares of the greek countryside .
draft likely to be reduced
soon , god willing , a new message from the lion sheik osama bin laden , may god protect him , to the europeans , says a banner posted monday on a radical islamist web site by the production unit , as sahab .
oil rich basra is in the grip of a bitter turf war between armed groups , including the mehdi army , analysts say .
auryn , just go to obama s world , says another avatar , marss juran .
the oil price rose above per barrel , up cents .
interior ministry forces deployed on surrounding rooftops peer down at the scene
beverly hills , california cnn hollywood stars fondly remembered merv griffin at his funeral friday , including gov . arnold schwarzenegger , who credited the creator of jeopardy ! and wheel of fortune with jump starting his own acting career .
they also don t know whether getting more vitamin d can help when someone already has cancer .
the disease has killed people this year in brazil s rio de janeiro state , the state s ministry of health reported .
having not qualified for the world cup since when they made the quarter finals , they are beginning to climb their way back in the world game , from a low of in the world rankings .
while the current star of wisteria lane dished up fast food , her husband , tony parker of the san antonio spurs , was preparing for game of the los angeles lakers spurs national basketball association playoff matchup in san antonio .
the fight against obesity in middle schools follows similar programs at elementary schools last year , the education office said .
plus , the white house says it s all ears if lawmakers have other ideas when they return to work next week .
a rare northern white rhinoceros died wednesday at the san diego zoo , dwindling the critically endangered species population to as few as worldwide , zoo officials said .
us pressed burmese government to release ms .
this year marks the first annual session of the th congress .
at the time , the year old mechanic rode through the streets of his native san nicolas de los garza to enjoy the sun and wave to neighbors .
falling short of a personal assistant or good old fashioned butler to do the leg work for you , an online concierge service could the next best thing .
she said the sanctions were being imposed because of the revolutionary guard s support for proliferation and the quds force support for terrorism .
about south korean medics and military engineers have been in nasiriyah for almost a year .
woods won seven times , including the pga championship for his th career major .
presidential spokesman cheon ho seon also did not rule out the possibility of roh traveling to pyongyang by train for the summit with north korean leader kim jong il from aug .
officials say president barack obama plans to restart military tribunals for fewer than guantanamo detainees .
riaa to take an active against copyright infringment .
elliot schrage , google s vice president of global communications and public affairs , joined museum director sara j . bloomfield to make the official announcement about the new feature .
there is no agreement about an alliance imaginable in a presidential election before the first round vote , bayrou told france inter radio .
namibian president hifikepunye pohamba , who took office in march , has actively promoted cooperation with china .
imagine having your laptop fetch a beer from the refrigerator and then roll over to the baby s room to sing a lullaby while e mailing snapshots to grandma a thousand miles away .
both japan and china have claimed rights to develop the pinghu gas field which straddles an area both countries say is part of their territory .
journalists will not be allowed to be stationed in any government offices and will be offered temporary press cards to attend news briefings .
the province is part of pakistan s tribal regions along the border with afghanistan .
symptoms of foodborne salmonella infection include nausea , vomiting , fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps .
atonement , which led globe contenders with seven nominations , stars keira knightley and james mcavoy .
sirens wail or loud music blares at a . m . to wake the students .
they included chinese made toys that either had excessive amounts of lead paint or had small magnets that could easily be swallowed by children .
speaking at a meeting of ruling uri party lawmakers at the national assembly , yoon said his ministry plans to pull out one army brigade in charge of civil affairs and a few supporting units under a plan to cut , troops from the zaytun unit .
fellow backstreet boys bandmates were in attendance as dorough , , married leigh boniello at st . james cathedral in a traditional catholic ceremony , people and ok ! magazine reported on their web sites .
i don t trust you , said the panel s head , democratic senator patrick leahy .
the oak brook , illinois based company will continue serving grape tomatoes in its salads because no problems have been linked to that variety , she said .
it was microsoft s ceo steve ballmer taking the stage at las vegas last night , announcing windows is almost ready for prime time and will be ready for beta testing by regular users who can download and play with it starting tomorrow .
antinori has previously pledged to attempt to clone a baby by the end of .
this weight loss was comparable to that achieved in commercial programs , but not as good as losses in behavioral programs , where participants typically lost pounds in weeks .
winter blackout results in dutch baby boom
it finished its work and published a set of proposals last month .
in rome , breaking the chains of love requires a hacksaw literally .
beams of light glimmer through a jungle overgrown with swaying palm trees , and the thick underbrush gets more detailed with a closer look .
the company plans to take additional measures on its site such as restricting video uploads , and will deliver an official apology .
abu ghraib prison abuse prisoners as the way of dealing with enemy .
john fowler , , was cleared of all charges .
in concluding its lengthy probe on the bugging scandal , however , the prosecution has decided not to take legal action against some high ranking executives at samsung group , including group chairman lee kun hee , who faced allegations of providing slush funds to presidential candidates ahead of the elections .
the three afghan aid workers kidnapped with two french colleagues nearly two months ago were released by their taliban captors sunday as the militant group announced new operations aimed at government and foreign forces .
eighteen people have been taken to hospital with minor injuries .
at least for the moment , the president said , the military equilibrium on the peninsula had not changed .
an american witness said soldiers beat several protesters mercilessly , at least one of them to death .
south korea was likely to send the first batch of energy aid to pyongyang if it began shutting down its reactor .
more than four in five multinational foreign executives in korea said they wouldn t consider setting up regional headquarters in korea for a wide range of reasons including labor inflexibility , language barriers and a number of other factors including cost of living .
the cia s actions in destroying the evidence tapes are currently the subject of three different investigations .
we ve got low barriers to entry and incredible competitors .
their visitor , in turn , gushed about leading man han so kyu , a south korean robert redford whose recent spy thriller shuri ranked among the top foreign films in japan in .
a total of people were injured in qingchuan alone by the new aftershocks , xinhua said .
computing vendors developed and sent out patches that alter how software deals with daylight saving time which should cover most home pc users .
political and militia leaders say they have made progress in talks to curb the violence that was sparked by the bombing of a major shiite shrine .
manchester united are a very strong team but we played well in the first leg so it gave us strength to play well today .
the saudi oil minister indicates that no measures will likely be taken until opec meets again next month .
in scotland , travelers were also warned to check before home if they were flying south .
and it has eaten into their reserves .
should nasa employ dna testing to weed out astronauts who might get a disease on a long flight ?
the remainder live in vietnam .
probably we will see a tangible success or measurable success by easter time early april .
abbas sacked the previous government after hamas seized control of gaza .
hopes appeared to be fading for talks with north korea on the sidelines of a regional security forum in malaysia .
cnn turkey s prime minister condemned an attack by kurdish separatist guerrillas that killed turkish troops and said his cabinet will meet monday to discuss a response to the attack .
the movie plans to show deng s role as chinese premier during the tiananmen square massacre
romney got wins in alaska , colorado , massachusetts , minnesota , montana and utah .
the militants , led by taliban commander mullah naqibullah and dressed in police uniforms , ambushed a police convoy monday north of the helmand province capital of lashkar gah , provincial police chief mohammad hussein andiwal said .
opposition leaders believe musharraf issued the emergency order to avoid an impending ruling that would have nullified his election victory by disqualifying him for another presidential term .
she said the contempt proceedings were part of a broader attempt by house democrats to restore our nation s fundamental system of checks and balances .
they threatened disaster and the destruction of the village unless the couple made good on the deal .
it s unbelievable , said the year old printer , staring in amazement at the swarms of shoppers at ala moana shopping center in honolulu .
opportunity reached the lip of the crater last month and scouted for entry points .
abe also expressed sympathy for the comfort women , as they are called , and reiterated that his administration stood by a japanese statement acknowledging official involvement in the management of the brothels a complete reversal from just a month ago .
negotiations aimed to commit north korea to give up its nuclear weapons and programs resumed yesterday with a series of bilateral meetings among the six participants and one full session .
the buyout fund has denied all allegations leveled at it by prosecutors , calling them baseless and predicting it would win any court case .
in an editorial published on wednesday in the washington post , nicholas eberstadt , a political economist at the american enterprise institute , said the election of lee myung bak , a candidate who argued for more reciprocity in dealing with pyongyang , showed that voters have grown wary of the engagement policy toward the north .
u . s . forces in south korea staged a river crossing drill along with troops from the south yesterday , a few weeks before the third round of six party talks aimed at resolving the crisis over north korea s nuclear weapons .
an annual blossom forecast tracks the appearance of the cherry blossom , which only lasts for a couple of weeks .
the korea herald reports the korean workers , three employees of daewoo engineering and construction corp .
president roh visited the sorbonne , a leading french university .
the passing of the resolution by a house committee on wednesday despite appeals by the bush administration was denounced by president abdullah gul .
he added a team of who experts have been sent to pakistan to help determine the cause .
i m very happy because that s the best result in my career .
brasilia , brazil cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday urged nations such as venezuela to meet their u . n . obligations and keep terrorists out of their territories .
the makah tribe has more than , members and is based in neah bay .
while online communities in particular continue to grow through friendly social networking sites , underground cybercrime syndicates continue to thrive on these on screen relationships based on sharing and trust .
in the latest version , clinton is cast as big brother , and excerpts of her speeches mesmerize a uniform , catatonic audience .
ba said the talks would not affect its negotiations in spanish airline iberia , with which it is already discussing a revenue deal with american airlines .
and since , no president has been elected without winning at least two of those three states .
he largely skipped the early voting states to put all his energy into florida .
superintendent lungelo dlamini , a spokesman for johannesburg police , said police estimated that at least , people attended the rally , though he said that the figure could be as high as , .
on wednesday , a man was killed in a fight after he tried to cut in line for gas in the central province of henan , according to police .
although some women and children were present , none of them were injured , according to the military .
from luxury hotel resorts to rustic retreats , yoga offerings and yoga centric vacations have increasingly become a carrot to lure vacationers that want more than a fabulous place to stay and entertainment .
professional basketball star tony parker married desperate housewives star eva longoria at a civil ceremony in paris on friday a prelude to their expected star studded weekend wedding bash at a lavish and storied chateau .
the big east , villa nova , is in the ncaa final four , the east regional crown following a dramatic win over conference foe pittsburgh .
he has two daughters and a son , all born to different mothers .
opposition forces frequently complain that they are denied venues for their meeting .
the church volunteers women and five men were seized on the main road south from kabul last week .
the visit by junichiro koizumi to the yasukuni shrine in tokyo was condemned by many of japan s asian neighbors who still hold bitter memories of japanese wartime atrocities .
the united states had a new menace , they said , one whose name started with c and whose first syllable rhymed with bomb .
benazir bhutto s year old son will succeed her as chairman of the pakistan people s party , which will take part in upcoming elections , officials announced sunday . bilawal zardari , speaking in english at a news conference , said
calling saddam hussein a serious threat , president bush said he would seek approval from congress about taking action against iraq and vowed to make the case against the iraqi leader on the international stage as well .
i think the public is intelligent , provided it has the the information , not from one side only .
the final book is out on july .
ken rubin , professor of human development at the university of maryland in college park , says loneliness has developmental , but not necessarily genetic , origins .
we ll get more information on this story in the hours ahead .
there is nothing here to suggest that this is a complex physiological disease state akin to alcoholism or other substance abuse disorders , and it doesn t get to have the word addiction attached to it , said dr . stuart gitlow of the american society of addiction medicine .
washington cnn in a series aimed at rescuing some of the youngest victims from the world s oldest profession , authorities have arrested more than members of prostitution operations and removed juveniles from the sex selling rings , the fbi announced wednesday .
australian prime minister john howard said he had known mr irwin well , and that the country had lost a wonderful and colourful son .
florida , georgia , missouri , new york , tennessee and vermont .
there have already been some evacuations in fargo .
roma captain francesco totti has been ruled out of tuesday s first leg champions league quarterfinal clash against manchester united at the olympic stadium .
japan has proposed settling the dispute there twice in the past those offers were rejected by seoul .
china has come under criticism for restricting web access to ordinary citizens as well as on local and foreign media covering last year s summer olympics in beijing .
he was then forced to take an aids test and was publicly humiliated .
trailers gave away clues to the story line , but the filmmakers and studio have been obsessively diligent about keeping details secret . groening said he wants viewers to go into theaters the same way most sit down for a weekly episode of the simpsons .
u . s . government investigators also took numerous photographs of the ammunition showing that it was improperly packaged and corroding , according to the documents .
in december , the project was awarded the ng prize for young artists by prague s national gallery together with a cash prize of , koruna us , .
the people who practice it aren t getting any younger .
hsbc , one of the world s largest banking groups , could lose billion , it announced monday , adding to a litany of expected losses across some of europe s leading financial houses .
in tokyo , kyodo news agency reported on thursday that prime minister shinzo abe might order a new study of the government s role in forcing women , many of them koreans , to act as sex slaves for japanese soldiers during world war two .
last january , preliminary findings of a state department investigation into israel s use of u . s . made cluster bombs in the war showed the israeli army likely violated agreements with the united states governing their use , a state department report said .
a lot of people think there should not be the death penalty in this case because the child survives , said kate bartholomew , a sex crimes prosecutor in new orleans . in my opinion the rape of a child is more heinous and more hideous than a homicide .
chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow deby s regime .
the national tax service refused to confirm the matter , which local broadcaster mbc first reported on saturday , saying related tax laws prohibit revelation of a tax probe target .
former homerun champ lee man soo has trotted the bases hundreds of times in his playing career but had never been treated to the thunderous ovation he got from fans at munhak stadium in incheon , saturday .
another game lets them draw pictures by moving their hands and other body parts around the screen .
beirut , lebanon cnn the lebanese military took control sunday of a palestinian refugee camp in northern lebanon after fighting with islamist militants who tried to flee , the government announced sunday .
relief workers say they are powerless to stop the attacks and say that if they do speak out , they fear that the sudanese government will tell them to leave the country .
the year old midfielder spent most of the game on the bench because of a
tracking deadly viruses spread from animals to humans
but he said , if we were to lose that capability , the enemy would come back .
though it is true that obstinate policymaking , obsessed with market principles should be avoided , there is a growing concern over igniting the side effects of political meddling in the economy .
the countries facing the most serious problems are those that import a majority of their gas from russia .
president roh moo hyun accused the press corps earlier this year of forming a sort of cartel against the government .
it s a sad turn of events for rising star jennifer hudson .
a mob set fire to the church in eldoret where many people from president mwai kibaki s kikuyu tribe were sheltering .
a further people escaped , clambering through burning wreckage to safety , witnesses and officials said .
a un nuclear team is also due to arrive in pyongyang on saturday , to start monitoring the reactor s shutdown .
laura berman , a chicago sex therapist and relationship expert , agrees .
at least two civilians were also killed and a further reportedly hurt in the worst internal fighting lebanon has seen since the civil war ended in .
about two thirds of the cargo that passed through the canal is headed to or from the united states .
the goal in the next phase , the assistant secretary of state said , is complete dismantlement , but that could take as long as five years .
more on that in a moment , but let s focus first on some good economic news
during the course of operations the forces were engaged by small arms fire and rocket propelled grenades , the coalition said .
. dressing for the wrong job
the news has been hailed as a significant step toward the therapeutic use of stem cells to cure chronic diseases .
japanese software makers said they have detected two strains of a new computer virus that attacks files and disables antivirus software .
the nation is seeing a growing number of illegal cremations being conducted at places other than government designated crematoria .
the ap s mark smith is live at the white house with word it took some doing to bring another republican aboard
cao dan , a specialist in chinese medicine with the wwf , said there is widespread asian suspicion toward many western remedies like viagra .
the year old male with a gunshot wound to his side was transported to rainbow babies and children s hospital where he is in stable condition , eckart said .
right now kemp and his colleagues are focusing on programming el e to locate and fetch common household items such as a hairbrush , a bottle of pills , a cell phone or a tv remote .
violence against women seems to be perceived by large sectors of society to be normal , she added in a report after an day trip to the strife torn country .
the bandits also took two oil paintings by well known brazilian artists emiliano di cavalcanti and lasar segall , said carla regina , a spokeswoman for the pinacoteca do estado museum .
there is greater coordination between those who protect the environment and those who cause it problems .
they are busy calling other family members and friends at the moment to pass the news , bang yong kyun , pastor at the saemmul church , told reuters .
al lahim said he wanted the justice ministry to take a very clear standing on the case , saying the decision is judicial mutiny against reform that king abdullah bin abdulaziz started and against saudi women who are being victimized because of such decisions .
water rushing down a road from a big water main break
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan responded by calling for a constitutional amendment to allow the president to be elected by popular vote , rather than by the parliament .
officials on tuesday defended the bush administration s policy shift on north korea , which coincided with an agreement by pyongyang to begin to close down its nuclear program .
adventurer and tv show host bear grylls injured his shoulder in antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity , the discovery channel said sunday .
crowds shrieked every time they caught a glimpse of the humpback mother and calf , dubbed delta and dawn by the state s lieutenant governor .
but the effect wore off after a few months .
the clintons washington stay included a cat , socks , who did not get along with their chocolate labrador retriever , buddy .
the uk s air transport users council auc , which released the figures wednesday , said ba had told the council its performance on bags last year was unacceptable and it apologized to customers .
for the good of our country , the safety of our troops , and our image around the globe secretary rumsfeld should resign , harkin said .
in the u . s . , bmw manufacturing co . in greer expects to increase production to , cars by , company spokesman bobby hitt said last month .
we are , however , keen to reiterate to all individuals who make drums from imported animal skins that there is a risk of coming into contact with anthrax and that they should ensure they are aware of this and take precautions to protect themselves when making these drums .
despite alleged free speech laws in korea , a person who violates the draconian election laws could face a prison term of up to two years and a fine of million won .
when i was a child , i remember hunters dog sledding miles on ice across the bay to disko island in the winter , said judithe therkildsen , a retiree from aasiaat , a town south of ilulissat on disko bay .
when i go to korea , i will buy you anything that you want to eat .
the prosecution says people , mostly men , were killed in the largely shiite town , some km north of baghdad , after a failed assassination attempt against the former leader .
the state transit agency told the english language newspaper jakarta post that it hopes the unique approach will deter passengers riding illegally on rooftops .
baghdad , iraq cnn fourteen u . s . soldiers were killed by bombs and small arms fire in iraq over the weekend , the u . s . military said sunday , as factional violence continued to ravage soldiers and civilians alike .
gomez s flat was sealed off by the health protection agency hpa for examination and checks were taking place at his workshop , which is also in the borough of hackney .
since kabul s administration did not listen to our demand and did not free our prisoners , the taliban shot dead a male korean hostage , ahmadi said .
the runoff election pits incumbent ken cockrel jr .
we re a little under three months away , now , and the first distant rumblings of the weirdness that usually precedes a harry potter publication can be heard on the horizon , rowling wrote on her web site monday .
anti war protesters held signs such as bush betrays usa , bush
harvey died saturday , surrounded by family , at a hospital in phoenix .
he had appeared before a coni doping hearing last wednesday which was adjourned with no new date fixed .
a terror alert has been expanded to korean deep sea fishing vessels in the persian gulf as the government has received information that an unidentified islamic terrorist group is targeting the fishermen .
the bus was traveling along a remote winding road wednesday morning when a rain soaked mountainside gave way near the town of eloxochitlan in the central state of puebla .
more than nations in the u . n . climate panel agreed a final text after all night disputes with some scientists accusing government delegates of watering down their findings in a draft page summary for policymakers .
brazil s president declared his nation s air traffic control system to be safe on monday , hours after two planes clipped each other on a sao paulo runway .
just two weeks ago at the web . summit , yang was asked if he was the right guy to lead the battered portal .
meanwhile , obama has million cash on hand , with . million that can be spent in the primaries , according to reports .
piers bannister , a death penalty researcher at amnesty , said the group fears that the slowdown is only a logjam that will lead to a rise in executions once a review by china s top court of all capital cases is concluded .
next year s lpga schedule begins in hawaii , then heads to thailand , singapore and mexico , not returning to the u . s . until the phoenix event from march , details of which have yet to be released .
sheikh mansour , a member of the abu dhabi royal family , has a fortune of billion . b , according to the football rich list , researched and published by fourfourtwo magazine .
men carrying rifles were posted on both sides of the vehicle as it drove away .
there s been at least a half dozen this afternoon .
as we seek independence for kosovo , we ve also got to make it clear to serbia that there s a way forward , maybe in nato , maybe in the eu , and definitely in better relations with the united states .
in the other eu nations , abortion is permitted within much broader limits .
giachini said priebke was working as a translator thanks to his knowledge of german , italian , spanish and english .
the hotel is off airport boulevard near interstate , across the highway from raleigh durham international airport .
this announcement comes after gm , the nation s largest automaker , posted a . billion net loss in the first quarter of this year .
a week before thanksgiving , and an investigation is underway into a peta video showing poultry workers abusing turkeys
if you re a fisherman in greenland , however , global warming is doing wonders for your business .
after a disastrous period in the hands of bernard tapie , the firm was bought in by robert louis dreyfus , another french businessman , who had earlier helped to revive the ailing saatchi saatchi advertising group .
the most telling feature is if it is recent , said the official . the content could say a lot about his situation , his health .
travelers in the midwest , northeast and northwest , all bracing for more delays and cancellations today , travel problems brought on by snow and ice .
the th edition of the tour was marred by doping scandals .
however , in order for that to happen , we all need to work together to protect digg from exposure to lawsuits that could very quickly shut us down .
they should recognize that they made a mistake .
kt , south korea s leading fixed line operator in charge of hooking up the nation to kaesong , sunday said cross border phone calls could be put off to next year should the u . s . continue to procrastinate on the decision .
similar to a pyramid scheme is an investment fraud in which high profits are promised to investors from fictitious sources .
the clashes had spread across six towns by monday night , they said .
in vermont , the baldwin trail on mount independence was dedicated july , opening for the public parts of an important revolutionary war historic site , including archaeological sites and vistas of the lake champlain valley , for the first time .
harare , zimbabwe cnn zimbabwean government forces thursday began cracking down on the main opposition party , raising fears of a political crisis , according to witnesses and an opposition spokesman .
nike says china is poised to become its second largest market in the world by after the u . s .
britain s olympic sailing hero ben ainslie has clinched the international sailing federation isaf rolex world sailor of the year crown for a record third time .
these had names such as tales from the crypt , shock suspenstories and justice traps the guilty , and they told stories of crime and horror .
the importance of beijing s readiness to take a constructive initiative is encouraging , not just for the korean peninsula , but for the wider region .
the committee on financial services will now convene .
supporters of the mission argued that canadians have made progress in providing schools , health care and clean water for thousands of afghans .
interviews with stars spotlighted this year will be included in the magazine s edition to hit u . s . newsstands on friday . the list is put together not by vote , but through the publication s internal evaluation of renowned stars .
snow cited surveys that showed a majority of americans do not want congress to cut the purse strings for the war .
bonfrere said that he can quit the job if the technical committee agrees , the kfa s vice president lee hoi taek said after a four hour meeting at kfa headquarters in seoul .
the internationally renowned fort lauderdale boat show is set to get underway at the end of october , where many of the world s top super yachts will be on display .
the chinese ministry of health reported that increased pollution has made cancer the leading cause of death in the country .
ochoa looked like she would win the inaugural ginn tribute last year , holding a two stroke lead against nicole castrale with two holes to play .
warren levinson , washington .
that would happen around , depending on the level of greenhouse gases from the burning of fossil fuels .
cnn former georgia congressman bob barr was nominated officially sunday as the libertarian candidate for president .
the crew includes teacher barbara morgan , who trained as the backup for teacher in space christa mcauliffe for the challenger mission .
a senior u . s . senator introduced a resolution setting conditions for removing north korea from the u . s . list of terrorism sponsoring nations , one of the key incentives offered for pyongyang s denuclearization .
putin demanded an investigation of the accident , according to the kremlin .
those were replaced by astronauts during the third servicing mission .
the u . s . national transportation safety board said saturday it was sending a team to assist the government of cameroon in its investigation .
bruce springsteen and billy joel are planning a joint concert to benefit obama s campaign .
the taiwan weighted fell less than one percent .
companies will save tons of money , he said .
the option of striking the satellite with a missile launched from an aegis cruiser was decided upon by president bush after consultation with several government and military officials and aerospace experts , said deputy national security adviser james jeffrey .
what matters to us most is that the men and women of nbc universal have confidence in the values we have set for this company , the statement said . this is the only decision that makes that possible .
president george w . bush will be near wall street today as he talks to world leaders about how to deal with the financial crisis .
some of the patients have improved after being given antibiotics , which would have no impact on ebola , who experts said .
and we got a righteous wind at our backs .
the aid will be made available as promptly as possible via the korean national red cross .
australian pm kevin rudd says the authorities will come down like a ton of bricks on violent protesters .
the movie is being produced by star wars creator george lucas lucasfilm ltd .
feed her under the table , tilly has always been a happy dog during the season of giving .
the hostages were unharmed , and the hostage takers were handed over to the custody of tribal elders who had been helping police negotiate an end to the standoff , the officials and police said .
a suicide bomber rammed his sedan into a convoy carrying u . s . troops near the kabul airport thursday , killing at least six civilians and wounding others , authorities said .
russia on tuesday test fired a new intercontinental ballistic missile with multiple warheads and a new cruise missiles , which russian generals say are sufficient to ensure the country s security for the next years .
malakhail reported no civilian casualties , but abdul ali , a tribal elder from musa qala , said some family members who lived at the compound were also killed .
john is the kind of leader who always puts country ahead of party , is always willing to sacrifice on behalf of our nation .
and predominantly adversarial relationship with the national media is all part of a savvy effort to retain her popularity with the legions of rank and file conservatives who stood so strongly behind her during the campaign .
a quake with the same magnitude struck the region several hours earlier , at p . m . a . m . et .
in washington , president bush paused for a moment of silence on the south lawn of the white house , while at the pentagon , gen . peter pace , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , spoke at the wall where the plane broke through .
kim s sister , erica kim , said in a radio interview thursday that her mother would arrive in seoul friday with documents to back up the claim .
he was arrested a short time later after dumping his bag , which contained two hand grenades , screws and nails , said doris edelbacher , a spokeswoman for the austrian federal office for the protection of the constitution .
the students said companies interested in making the product commercially could avoid taxes because the alcohol was in powder form . a number of companies are interested , they said .
the bush administration on tuesday unveiled a new program to modify mortgages and stabilize the battered real estate market , but the plan stops short of providing direct government financial help to at risk homeowners .
sofas were reduced to shreds , shoes to tatters .
new president dmitry medvedev had nominated putin to the post of prime minister just hours after taking the oath of office wednesday in a ceremony at the kremlin .
the remarkable findings , published in nature , have been hailed as a new chapter in medical science .
we have taken some major action to date and we will need further action during this transition and subsequent months
another fire along the tgv east line slowed service .
the diagnosis was the early stages of alzheimer s disease .
the killings reached their apex in during what came to be known as the great terror .
but any new election would not be held for at least three months and , even if he were to win , there is no guarantee he could put together a government coalition .
kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov condemned the comments as a criminal offence and hoped they would prompt questions about berezovsky s refugee status in britain , the guardian said .
hanging over the investigation is the internal investigation into what contact his aides might have had with illinois governor rod blagojevich .
if no presidential candidate wins more than percent , a runoff will be held in september .
could it be to get a bird s eye view of history , or perhaps it s just the audacity of hope , that perhaps the chicks , mindful of a certain other white house resident who wrote of dreams from his father , will one day dream their father s dreams , too .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
let us mobilize urgently and work as one to wage this tough battle against the disaster , he said in an emergency meeting . let s ensure that the people enjoy a joyful and auspicious spring festival .
he told cnn the victims to years old and all from the area were declared dead at the scene .
up to now we have only been promised million rupees us , for a pilot reforestation project , wadoo said .
kt plans to start services with the satellite , co developed by the former state telecom monopoly and the ministry of defense , after four months of testing .
and prions from one species can sometimes infect the brains of another .
spearheaded by a pro democracy group based in thailand , the campaign was launched in the fall to draw attention to human rights abuses against women in the country .
the three arrested men allegedly swapped details on a crime mates site through their mobile phones , kyodo news agency reported , and agreed to kidnap a year old office worker as she walked home late on friday night .
that prompted some internet users to combine english and chinese characters in their postings about the album to skirt such monitoring .
the year old right hander and postseason star knew it would end his season and possibly his career .
islamic militants allied to dictator general pervez musharraf were suspected to be behind the assassination while some reports said al qaeda has claimed responsibility .
but uribe vowed not to be deterred
the result was partly blamed on a series of scandals involving his ministers .
newly built front line billboards near concrete tank traps showed a cherubic boy and girl and exhorted
meet the smart car
bush left intact a , fine and two years probation for libby , according to a senior white house official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision had not been announced .
police are examining a large rock , a tree branch and other items , singer said .
citing experts on north korea , voice of america reported that the communist country might run a deficit of , tons of food even if it receives aid from south korea and the international community .
however , the three remain in united states custody amid protests over the case and will remain so until there is a meeting of the minds among iraqis on how to proceed .
when you look at our satellite analysis , we can see the melt area of greenland over years has increased by percent , steffen said .
vidal , who has had a prolific career as a playwright , essayist , scriptwriter and novelist , did much of his writing here .
one of these sub populations went extinct approximately , years ago , but the other lived until after the last ice age , about , years ago .
other iranian jews have immigrated to israel over the years .
the ap s doug glass is in minneapolis
election authorities plan to meet thursday to set a date for new elections , which could be held in early march , said baradan kuppusamy , a journalist who has covered numerous malaysian elections .
over time , the game gets more complicated as more fish appear on the screen .
it s currently ahead about points .
a total of freshmen will be admitted for and a maximum of foreign students will be enrolled .
plans for another film were grounded in when carter sued fox over syndication profits for the show . the lawsuit was later settled .
the guild lowered the picket line because this worthy event is happening solely through the efforts and underwriting of dame elizabeth taylor , who is not only a longtime member of the screen actors guild , but an outspoken supporter of the writers guild , patric verrone , president of the western chapter of the guild , said in a statement .
kovac said that hawkins and his girlfriend had recently broken up and he had just lost his job at a mcdonald s restaurant .
iraqi soldiers rounded up six teenagers in northern iraq who were being trained , against their will , to carry out suicide bombings for al qaeda in iraq , the interior ministry said monday .
a brazilian court in february banned large jets at the busy airport because of safety concerns , the associated press reported .
in a statement released to basque media , the group said its objective was now to start a new democratic process in the basque country .
libya s supreme court has upheld the death sentences of five bulgarian nurses and a palestinian doctor convicted of infecting more than children with the aids virus .
scientists say there are an average of shark attacks a year in australian waters one of the highest rates in the world but on average just over one per year are fatal .
among the lawmakers listed as dead in the president s statement is mustafa kazemi , the former commerce minister and spokesman for the opposition , who is also a top warlord in the region .
sen . john mccain swept all four nominating contests on tuesday to become the republican presidential nominee .
kang in shik , head of the usfk korean employees union , announced the decision in a telephone interview with the chosun ilbo on sunday .
germany started the second half strongly as they went in search of an equalizer with german captain michael ballack firing a shot narrowly wide on minutes .
they came from all over europe and even further afield as pottermania gripped the british capital and its cast of home grown stars .
they re entering pro baseball , a religious cult of its own with tobacco spitting high priests , superstitions and unwritten rules of the clubhouse and the field
i was frightened of course to await the news , but it gives me some hope , he said .
the north has argued for pyongyang while japan wants to hold the negotiations in tokyo , he said .
citing unnamed administration officials , the times article says at least four top white house lawyers took part in discussions with the cia between and over whether to destroy videotapes of the interrogations of two al qaeda operatives .
roh insists a peaceful resolution of n . k nuclear program .
while there are disagreements on the deal , bush says there s no disagreement that something substantial must be done .
they said that the central government has been unable to stop rising crime , armed militancy and attacks on foreign workers in the niger delta oil producing region .
michael jackson s neverland ranch will be put up for sale at a public auction next month unless the pop star pays the more than million he still owes on the property , according to a tuesday court filing .
defense attorney janet levine said the treatment of her client was insulting , degrading and sexist .
who left the footprints is not clear .
unfortunately , the weather is kind of turning bad a little bit on us today .
whatever your age , you can t help but be impressed by the sheer beauty of the place the huge rugged mountains , the snow covered trees , the vistas that seem to go on forever .
kind of don t have to worry about that now , he said .
there s been another suicide car bombing in diyala province , that s north of baghdad .
hong kong s hang seng index finished the day down . percent , at , . , while australia s all ordinaries index and singapore s straits times index both fell . percent .
kim tae young , chairman of the south korean joint chiefs of staff jcs .
two baseball bats might have been used and were being examined , police said .
asked about the belief she is a reincarnation of the goddess , he said , she s a very charming young girl , and i m sure she ll grow up and be something special .
the current un mandate is set to expire at the end of this year .
the fragile metal would have been destroyed in the early , explosive evolutionary stages of this particular kind of star , which like our own is rich in heavy metals .
they had the first sight of goal when giggs seized on a deflected pass from cristiano ronaldo , only for petr cech to save well .
in a joint statement released by police , darwin s sons , mark , , and anthony , , said they were in an angry and confused state of mind and they wanted no further contact with their parents .
gogol the cafe club is considered a favorite hangout for russians and expatriates alike , perfect for meals , coffee , fruity cocktails and music .
that meant a real homicide rate of . per , residents in new orleans .
the dow is down points .
the bill applies to people who , for example , lured a potential victim through e mail or other electronic messages .
the first degree kidnapping charges , which carry a possible life sentence upon conviction , were added tuesday .
prosecutors have called it the biggest spying case since the two koreas began a process of reconciliation in .
last week , two of her top aides , lawmakers lee q taek and han sun kyo , were dropped from the party s list of candidates for the april general elections .
haji zahir , a tribal elder who has been acting as a mediator , told the bbc he and two other elders had travelled to meet the taliban and bring the first three women by car to ghazni .
hits lemony roasted artichokes
the world s second largest economy is in danger of slipping into a recession after six years of moderate growth , battered by the plunging dollar , volatile stock markets and soaring oil prices .
she set out to defend herself and pavarotti against a series of italian media reports alleging that pavarotti had left her million in debt
you put so much art and soul into it .
it is much more open to foreign direct investment .
the bbc s alastair leithead , in kabul , says no exact release date has been given , but the taliban have said they will start working straight away to free them .
police confirmed reports she had been shot in the neck and chest before the gunman blew himself up .
his office fined about , people each last year for breaking rules .
about people are reported dead and over , injured countrywide , according to the red cross .
president roh moo hyun s national security council said kim sun il s killing was , an inhumane act of terror .
it said the forgery involved us million , while the bribes totaled us , . the report gave few other details .
the pro government uri party pressed the prosecution to ensure a transparent investigation .
a week after becoming involved in an embarrassing incident with three male cross dressers , international soccer phenomenon ronaldo luis nazario de lima has unburdened himself before the news media , declaring , i am completely heterosexual .
the united states maintains that removing the north from the u . s . terrorism list is linked to north korean progress on meeting commitments under a six nation nuclear deal to disarm .
elsewhere , thousands across iraq staged angry but peaceful demonstrations protesting the second bombing at the shrine , which also was struck and badly damaged in a february attack a major event that spawned widespread sectarian violence and population displacement in the country .
keith williams , a u . s . department of agriculture spokesman , said investigators have found no cases of illness related to the recalled meat .
the italian and turkish governments , along with interpol , had been involved in the search for her , the italian foreign ministry said .
the federal reserve s latest intervention came as the treasury department scrambled to put in place a billion bailout of the financial system enacted on friday .
he made a couple of unforced errors and he was very tired and exhausted from the baghdatis match a few nights ago , so i used my opportunity .
in pakistan gunfire in celebration , after gunmen who staged an assault on a police academy were overpowered by security forces .
a troubling story out of california
he also pleaded guilty to providing alcohol to a minor .
the program grew out of concern following north korea s launch of a ballistic missile over japan s main island in .
the teenager told the officers that lafave discussed non work related issues such as family problems , friends , high school , personal life , boyfriend issues and sexual issues in both private one on one conversations with her and in group settings , according to the report .
watch how proenza lost the confidence of his staff raquo
a third party employed by daewoo conducted negotiations , and south korean diplomats said they weren t directly involved in the talks .
bill shaheen , chairman of clinton s new hampshire campaign , told wmur the people held were volunteers .
defense minister vecdi gonul said that , in addition to the killed , turkish soldiers were missing after the ambush in southern turkey .
that s the bottom line , said the study s lead author , dr . alexander wagenaar , a professor at the university of florida s department of epidemiology and health policy research . the tax increase caused some reduction in consumption of alcohol .
billionaire businessman thaksin was ousted in a military coup after allegations of widespread corruption in his government .
it s not the person that has been appointed , it s the appointee .
with dozens of pro democracy activists behind bars or in hiding , most people are counting on monks who have a role in almost all aspects of society from weddings to funerals to take the lead in challenging the repressive regime in the mostly buddhist country .
even though he s not too caring at the start , he ends up expressing love to a family he s never known before , eastwood said .
the nikkei index was up . percent to close at , . .
traders are second guessing citigroup s overnight deal to turn over a much bigger piece of itself to the government , and they re shocked , shocked i tell you , by the revised shrinkage of the economy at the end of last year .
she described a german tradition of placing flowers on soldiers burial places each spring .
second infantry division
steegmans clinched his first win in the tour in the . km stage from dunkirk to ghent in his home country , just beating compatriot and quick step team mate tom boonen to the line .
san antonio , texas cnn someone in italy placed the winning bid of . million on friday in an online auction for an unpopulated , one house texas town .
the grove isle hotel spa , miami , florida
on wednesday , the ritual s first day , pilgrims threw seven stones at the largest one .
its mission is the research and preservation of native plants throughout the united states .
burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men .
us toymaker mattel this week recalled more than million toys after finding that the paint used may contain lead .
the protesters looted gas stations , pharmacies and other shops , leaving downtown geneva in a state of chaos .
the longest stay in space was days by russian valeri polyakov .
kwon said the won s appreciation against the dollar will moderate as a result .
lehman filed for bankruptcy protection monday , after it was unable to find financing or fresh capital to shore up its balance sheet .
the us negotiator said that despite the setback , the process to disarm north korea was still on track .
this had to be the worst vehicle crash that i have ever seen during my career , said randy robinson , a spokesman for the emergency medical services alliance with years on the job .
the three boys and two girls , all about days old , were found in the backseat of a black four door sedan when police stopped the car at a toll booth in north china s hebei province on sunday , said zhang lianying , the director of nangong city s highway patrol .
they were able to walk and appeared to be well , but they were very emotional and were crying , reuters reported the witnesses as saying .
atlanta , georgia cnn julia abrantes spent hours cleaning her house and primping in front of a mirror before heading to john f . kennedy airport in new york .
the move has reportedly hurt the chronically cash strapped north .
on april , the government said it will forcibly quarantine people suspected of having sars .
jankovic started slowly against casey dellacqua , trailing in the first set before rallying for a win .
edward joseph , an analyst at the johns hopkins university school of advanced international studies in washington , said the election has serbia balanced on a knife s edge .
only percent of those polled approve of bush s job as president , an all time low for a cnn survey .
the storm also didn t stand in the way of dedicated christmas shoppers .
gallagher said program maker darlow smithson owned by img had held a preliminary meeting with representatives of gerry and kate mccann , whose daughter went missing in may last year from the family s holiday apartment in portugal .
the numbers are what they are , clinton adviser howard wolfson said on a conference call with reporters .
many experts believe it will choose hamid karzai , the current temporary leader of afghanistan , as its next leader .
the prosecution yesterday indicted people on charges of producing or distributing malicious programs that intrude into receivers computers and make them display pop up ads and unwanted web sites .
neighboring australia and new zealand , which have peacekeeping troops in the troubled country , congratulated the year old on his victory in the poll , which observers have said was peaceful and fair .
the man accused of stalking and killing a connecticut college student is set to make his first court appearance shortly .
while tribal elders tried to mediate between the militants and government negotiators , afghan forces have surrounded the group of some kidnappers in the qarabagh area of ghazni province , south of the capital kabul .
put on a nice outfit and some makeup , and you re the bomb .
my medication for my heart issue will run out in three days .
the turner prize , named for th century landscape painter j . m . w . turner , was established in to honor young artists .
a five acre glacial lake in chile s southern andes has disappeared and scientists want to know why .
egypt s state run news agency and other media reports say one person was killed and at least two others wounded on monday when the u . s . security team aboard the vessel fired on a small boat that approached it .
south korea and the united states are in the final stage of charting a roadmap for their command rearrangements , including the transfer of wartime control , as seoul sets as deadline for taking over the authority .
the combat force in iraq we would have home by around the middle of next year , rudd told australian radio .
us officials said insurgents had been killed and captured , along with a significant weapons cache .
the developers would not give cnn their last names , saying we don t want to be hounded .
the confrontation has brewed for weeks .
opec on wednesday accused the u . s . of economic mismanagement that it said is pushing oil prices to record highs , rebuffing calls to boost output and laying blame at the feet of the bush administration .
tomorrow is the th anniversary of brown vs . board of education , the landmark supreme court civil rights decision that declared school segregation illegal .
eighteen of the girls have been taken into state custody .
in particular , many chinese have want their country to overtake the u . s . he claimed .
since then , king has had a handful of run ins with the law , including a guilty plea in to driving under the influence of a controlled substance and reckless driving .
qin said the policies would be maintained for a period of time , but did not give further details .
with nasa planning to land on mars years from now , and with the recent discovery of the most earth like planet ever seen outside the solar system , the space agency has begun to ponder some of the thorny practical and ethical questions posed by deep space exploration .
we are thinking of making all cabinet members subject to the assembly s confirmation .
prosecutors say that filipino recipients of the classified documents included former president joseph estrada , who was ousted six years ago
couples exchange amorous , come hither looks followed by a lengthy recitation of side effects on tv ads .
according to iraq s health ministry , percent of the wounded have lost at least one limb .
we are taking these statements very seriously and following every lead . however , so far we have no independent confirmation that an abducted german could have been murdered , the spokesman said .
a number of abe s ministers have been hit by scandal , an issue seen as a key factor in his party s poll defeat .
breaking news from new york , where woody allen s spokeswoman says american apparel has agreed to settle his lawsuit for million .
she says her husband carried out the killings and fled .
thirty six of the new cases of sars came from hong kong s amoy gardens apartment complex , where a victim recently spread the disease and it took hold , according to a health department statement .
cnn at least people were killed tuesday when a sudan airways plane caught fire after landing in khartoum , sudan , according to officials and sudanese television reports .
bhutto said more than a million people will gather in karachi on thursday to welcome her back .
the fbi says it infiltrated the group after a video shop alerted police to being asked to copy onto dvd footage of the men firing guns and chanting .
under the new rates , which started immediately , a liter of premium grade gasoline will be raised percent to takas . per gallon .
tropical cyclone sidr swept in from the bay of bengal packing winds of mph kilometers per hour , buffeting southwestern coastal areas within a mile radius of its eye with heavy rain and storm surges predicted to reach feet high .
police said yesterday they have seized evidence indicating as many as single korean women have illegally entered the united states by representing themselves as the wives of well to do employees at some of korea s major corporations .
airlines were operating as usual , but some flights were delayed because employees were having trouble getting to work .
british foreign secretary david miliband said thursday that the british council had complied with all tax laws and that russia had failed to substantiate its allegations .
we have nothing to feed our children , said egu s village elder . we are losing our children day by day .
the statues gaze out on the south pacific more than , miles west of chile , which annexed easter island in the th century .
the council statement was read at a formal meeting shortly after the u . n . announced that secretary general ban ki moon was sending his special envoy to myanmar , ibrahim gambari , back to the region next week for consultations with key governments on international efforts to promote talks between the government and the opposition .
the vote was with one abstention from indonesia .
ilfc , which is owned by american international group , also ordered planes and one er plane .
after talks at mount vernon , near washington , bush praised his french counterpart as a partner in peace .
labor has only seats in israel s seat legislature .
he urged japan to settle the past , lift sanctions and stop suppressing north koreans living in japan . in a briefing , song described japan s position as an unreasonable insistence .
no matter what i said when i was under the influence on the day i was arrested , i am not blaming anyone else for my conduct other than myself . i thank god i did not injure others .
his performance also earned him a golden globe nomination thursday .
comfy shoes help , too .
two in five foreign residents in korea say that they experienced inconveniences or otherwise suffered losses while shopping or using services .
it is completely surrounded by the central part of sao paulo city . this is not an airport out on the edge of the city . this is right in the city .
let us for once also have a good sense of humor and let us not start the old wars of the fifties about what is sex , what is pornography and what is simply normal to watch on television , spokesman martin selmayr appealed wednesday .
what they saw is on this culture plate smeared with joan s bacteria .
army officials explained that the soldiers were afraid they could not get back to school in time because the troop dispatch plan was delayed from april until this month and next , if the schedule is kept .
in europe britain s ftse and germany s dax closed down . percent , while the cac in france finished down . percent
a us federal court recently received a part of confiscated assets held by a korean american facing extradition to south korea this month .
about . million of ukraine s million people , including some . million children , are considered affected by chernobyl .
a first look at the sinjar records .
hyundai automotive group said yesterday its chairman chung mong koo and his only son eui sun will offer their glovis co .
an american , south korean and a bulgarian have been beheaded by a group led by zarqawi .
tim kassouf lost pounds , and it all started when he got really mad at his girlfriend .
he said nato is close to have the number of troops its military advisers recommend .
in addition to north korea and the united states , the talks involve south korea , japan , russia and china .
when the officers arrived at the keb building , the bank s unionists , who were holding a rally against management at the lobby , cheered and welcomed their arrival .
yushchenko won a court ordered rerun of that election , but yanukovych staged a remarkable political comeback last year , when his party won the largest share in parliamentary voting .
athens , greece cnn a nine year old girl who went to hospital suffering from stomach pains was found to be carrying her embryonic twin , doctors in central greece said thursday .
in forming its squad , the democratic national committee was putting prominent faces behind the effort .
however , shen , the animal rights activist , argues private breeders are responsible for nearly all cases rather than traditional pet owners .
organizers of the international consumer electronic show say more than , new products will be on display .
ignoring north korean protests over the weekend that earlier remarks had jeopardized nuclear weapons negotiations , alexander vershbow , the u . s . ambassador to korea , said yesterday that if those nuclear talks failed , pyongyang would be to blame .
the chief executive of american airlines , which has grounded about , flights in the past two days delaying and stranding more than than , passengers
apart from the terminated cases of tax inspections , the nts said it is also investigating another foreign fund on charges of tax evasion .
while efforts had been made to reduce opium cultivation , the industry made a resurgence last year because there were no alternative livelihoods for residents .
that marked the highest number of layoffs in almost four years .
felix is expected to remain a major hurricane , at least category , until it makes landfall , and some restrengthening is possible prior to landfall , forecasters said monday evening .
white weddings might have been the dream of fashionable brides of old .
baghdad , iraq cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , heading home after a two day visit to iraq , again touted his country s closer relations with iraq and reiterated his criticism of the united states .
in a speech on wednesday , musharraf indicated he might block sharif s return , according to a report from pakistan s official news agency .
chun also announced preventive measures .
but the measure , which has been watered down several times , no longer allows the new force to seize and dispose of illegal arms .
although the research could have implications for robot pets , and that s close to what yohanan is doing , he s more interested in using it to understand human to human communication .
he says people too often think of militants , terrorists and suicide bombers . you just say you re palestinian , and it s like you made a political statement .
deutsche bahn , which runs germany s railways , arranged extra buses to run as a replacement service .
tehran , iran cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has met with some of the british military personnel held in iranian custody for almost two weeks , shortly after pardoning the group and vowing to set them free .
cnn is also changing indiana from leaning mccain to toss up .
the violence in chad has opened up a new conflict next to sudan s war torn darfur region , where more than , people have died since early and . million people have been forced into refugee camps .
the home was burned as well as a medical supplies van outside , said traylor .
forest whitaker , helen mirren , jennifer hudson , miley cyrus , george clooney and nicole kidman will be among the presenters .
but authorities were still waiting on toxicology reports , which could take several weeks , to determine what , if any , medication was found in the bodies .
they re terrorists , hideki moronuki , the assistant director of the agency s whaling department , said of the anti whaling activists .
there are also plans for a horseshoe crab museum and research center in milton the only other museum of this kind is in japan .
the detective has investigated several major cases including allegations of a child sex ring at a state run children s home .
but suddenly to be in the midst of it
perhaps even the key to solving some current environmental ills .
in the tape , bin laden calls the iraq war unjust and blames it and a host of the world s other ills on capitalism
don t forget your sunglasses , it s so bright .
samirah , the woman who fled the house in may , said she was forced to eat dozens of chili peppers and then was forced to eat her own vomit when she failed to digest
the well known story of the apple that fell on sir isaac newton s head inspiring him to come up with the universal law of gravitation is probably apocryphal .
a preliminary draft of the resolution obtained by cnn on thursday expresses grave concern at the growing humanitarian crisis and heavy civilian casualties in gaza as well as civilian deaths in israel from hamas rocket fire .
thursday s convictions are not related to those accusations , and prosecutors did not present the dirty bomb plot to the jury .
paragliding instructor marcio andre lichtnow , who gave courses to the rev . adelir antonio de carli three years ago , described him as a headstrong , anxious individual who was always in a rush .
u . s . officials say turkey s options range from a complete cutoff , including ending overland access routes from southern turkey into iraq , to less drastic options that simply restrict u . s . access .
chanted some on washington s national mall , some carrying rainbow colored signs .
some predict the big screen the simpsons movie , opening friday , will be similarly disappointing .
two suicide bombings in iraq have killed at least people , making this the deadliest day of the year in that country .
the communist party s decision in october to allow rural residents to lease or transfer their land use rights could give farmers more impetus to cede their land for new lives in booming cities .
i am profoundly sorry for having gotten into this situation , american ceo gerard arpey told reporters thursday afternoon , referring to the federal aviation administration order that md jets be grounded for inspections at american and other airlines .
white house press secretary dana perino says the economy is so weak right now , it could not stand what she said would be a body blow , like a disorderly bankruptcy in the auto industry .
roddick , who has never been beyond round three in paris , led by a set and but andreev hit back to clinch victory in two hours and minutes .
a manila based radio station on sunday aired a telephone message from one of the hostages held by armed men in nigeria that they were being beaten up and deprived of food .
but the lack of material evidence is making it difficult for police to secure arrest warrants .
grand national party gnp nominee lee myung bak monday again denied allegations of being involved in stock price manipulation in collaboration with his former business partner kim kyung joon .
the soldiers estimated , people of the town s population of , survived the quake .
los angeles , california cnn academy award winning director sydney pollack , who achieved commercial and critical success with the gender bending comedy tootsie and the period drama out of africa , has died .
bangkok , thailand cnn trumpets and rhythmic chants echoed across the chao praya river on monday in a rare procession of gilded boats honoring thailand s year old king , who has been hospitalized for three weeks and was unable to attend the tribute .
after all , as sean bentley , the buyer of black fiction for borders and waldenbooks , points out , zane gets a couple of shelves to herself these days .
geithner tells a meeting of independent community bankers that banks with less than million in assets will have months to apply for the funds .
nasa had hoped to have the first manned orion flight as early as .
parvez , whose family is of pakistani origin , was rushed to the hospital in critical condition monday after her father made an emergency call in which he claimed to have killed her , police said . she later died .
it was clear , it was a little foggy , then it was total darkness , judd recounted the deputy saying .
the concert , organized by diana s sons , falls on what would have been her th birthday .
the beijing olympics are eagerly awaited by the people of the whole world , but the dalai clique is scheming to take the beijing olympics hostage to force the chinese government to make concessions to tibet independence , the people s daily said .
if appointed , ms gillard will become the first woman to hold the position .
amaro da costa turned himself in without a fight late saturday , handing over two automatic weapons and some ammunition , lt . col . filomeno paixao told reporters in the capital , dili .
residents , fearing the change would reduce their property values and threaten their livelihoods , clashed with police and looted government offices , the gansu daily reported .
the plan to outfit the troops with a new dress code has been four years in the making and is currently in the hands of the defense ministry .
he said opposition leader aung san suu kyi had been allowed to issue a statement for the first time in over four years and had been allowed to meet members of her party .
tv pictures showed black smoke billowing from the plane as airport fire crews smothered it in foam .
for the first time , hundreds of millions of people around the world have had a chance to speak out , to voice their concern about climate change .
in southern michigan , utility crews had restored power to all but , of , homes and businesses left without power two days earlier .
temperatures soared in the san fernando valley with woodland hills reporting degrees and van nuys at , according to the national weather service .
disney is not alone .
you can end up buying a stranger in the bar a drink only to realize they are the filmmaker of the film playing at the moment .
the photo of the suspect , extracted from surveillance footage and released on friday , shows someone riding a bicycle away from the scene shortly after the explosion . the second photo shows a metallic blue bicycle that was found abandoned in trash nearby .
us experts have made a good start to the process of dismantling north korea s main nuclear facility , the leader of the us team has said .
chung presented himself yesterday morning at the supreme prosecutors office to be questioned about allegations that the hyundai group created a slush fund to bribe officials .
that may have been precisely the aim of freud , who told london s tate gallery in that he wanted his paintings to astonish , disturb , seduce , convince .
government and charity agencies distributed food and water to about , people left homeless by the calamity , the area s government administrator mukhlesur rahman said .
peru , which tied paraguay and was shut out by chile in its first two world cup qualifying matches last month , hasn t qualified for a world cup since .
rice won the and meter individual medleys in beijing and also teamed with kylie palmer , bronte barratt and linda mackenzie to break a world mark in the x freestyle relay .
and they re right on both counts .
richard cooey was executed this morning .
the diplomatic spat began march when colombian troops and police crossed into ecuador and killed people .
the centerpiece of wolfe s work is trying to stop the next pandemic before it starts .
they were also negotiating an extension of three to four years with garnett , who has two years and million remaining on his current contract with minnesota .
the researchers say sex outside the window probably will not result in pregnancy .
in the aftermath of the findings , japanese officials have demanded an official apology from seoul for infringing on japan s sovereignty .
a british resident of seoul once said the red pepper splashed cabbage folds that appear at virtually every korean meal resemble used bandages .
its star , johnny depp , won for best actor in a musical or comedy for the title role , playing a vengeful barber who slits the throats of his customers in the adaptation of stephen sondheim s stage musical .
in a show of the sway he holds over the group , members of his congregation tuesday went to a tattoo parlor to have also permanently etched onto their skin .
the farmers did not vote for mugabe , they say .
some say the new one might be subsidized if you buy a newspaper subscription .
the owner , mauro gutierrez , told the associated press he would try to reach a friendly arrangement to pay the men s bills , estimated at .
the us and european union wanted the council to consider imposing sanctions but that was rejected by china .
hundreds of flights have been delayed or cancelled , frustrating travelers across south america .
however , the general information page for california marriage licenses still stated as of wednesday that only an unmarried male and an unmarried female may marry in california .
during a rare meeting with senior north korean officials , president roh moo hyun said yesterday at the blue house that cooperation between the two koreas was needed to resolve the nuclear arms crisis on the peninsula .
markets worldwide recorded heavy losses in reaction to the emergency bailout of us investment bank bear stearns over the weekend .
britain s house of commons on wednesday narrowly approved a counterterrorism bill that allows authorities to hold terrorism suspects without charge for up to six weeks .
state department was optimistic tuesday the banking dispute that last week held up north korean denuclearization talks can be overcome and is pretty close to being solved .
tens of thousands of bags had been separated from their owners at heathrow s terminal after its chaotic opening in late march .
darwin , australia cnn a man rescued his wife from the jaws of a crocodile in remote northern australia by jumping on its back , police said thursday .
even as military and security forces are paying more attention to the use of female operatives , terrorists are adapting their suicide attack tactics to compensate for enhanced security measures , the advisory said .
the attack happened after negotiations to remove a sign with the name of the sect , police said , and comes a week after religious scholars , government officials and prosecutors recommended the sect be outlawed for deviating from islamic principles , the associated press reported .
these days , his time is otherwise occupied .
police said they received information last month about a possible al qaeda attack .
qantas has also faced its own troubles this year after one of its jetliners was damaged by a midair explosion over the south china sea in july , forcing it to make an emergency landing .
scientists map dna of prehistoric animal
this peek into the everyday life of an imaginary south korean boy named insoo kim offers insight into what the life of youths in the rest of the world might be like in the near future .
the other who have the best odds right now are dunkirk , pioneer of the nile , and friesan fire , and there really is no clear favorite right now in the derby , but there are certainly a lot of possible contenders .
google inc . is bankrolling a million out of this world prize to the first private company that can safely land a robotic rover on the moon and beam back a gigabyte of images and video to earth , the internet search leader said thursday .
four of roh s top men in security and diplomatic affairs have stepped down in the past two weeks .
her last name has not been released because it is court policy not to name victims of gender violence , said an official at the superior court of justice of valencia , which covers neighboring alicante .
he also sampled stinky tofu in china and fermented shark in iceland .
we ve put it in under section of the public order act , which is slightly more in your face , the spokesman said . we can give officers on the ground the powers to go ahead and do it .
mailer , who died of renal failure last month at , was one of five candidates for the annual bad sex in fiction award which aims to highlight crude and tasteless descriptions of sex in modern novels .
supreme court chief justice lee yong hun yesterday apologized for his offensive remarks to state prosecutors and lawyers that triggered a heated dispute within legal circles for the past week .
at least died in the city .
i think we need to know a little bit more about obama , a character named sophia yates tells the group .
asked whether saudi arabia , opec s leading producer , would open its taps to its estimated maximum capacity of million barrels a day , al naimi asked rhetorically , where is the buyer ?
the administration s attempts to reduce protection to the polar bear from greenhouse gas emissions are illegal and won t hold up in court , said siegel .
for general health , one to two grams of omega s a day should be sufficient .
six percent of voters are undecided .
thaksin is a year old telecommunications tycoon who owns the english premier league manchester city football club .
bartz , calling herself a straight shooter , condemned the external forces that have battered yahoo over the past year .
prince harry is the younger son of prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and the late princess diana , who died in a paris car crash in .
about , people remain missing .
the product was one of hundreds on display recently at a massive homeland security trade show where everything from mobile command centers , tiny surveillance cameras , robots and a soldier s helmet equipped with a video camera were on display .
although small amounts of onions and garlic are often used in pet foods and treats to add flavor , ingestion of large amounts can cause severe red blood cell damage
one billion people around the world rely on fish as their main source of protein , while . billion of us get at least percent of our animal protein intake from it .
iran s stated goal is running , centrifuges at natanz to churn out enriched uranium enough for dozens of nuclear weapons a year .
analysts have said the gadget could potentially transform the mobile telephone market by providing service supported by advertising instead of subscription fees .
the story was carried by the pro opposition korea times .
as they were investigating , the gas exploded , sending the facade of a building crumbling down on firemen .
his followers included the so called shoe bomber richard reid who was convicted of trying to light a bomb in his shoes on a trans atlantic flight and zacarias moussaoui , the only person to be charged in the united states in connection with the september , , terror attacks .
within about minutes of posting , someone chimes in with a good answer , and insoo awards him with some knowledge power points knowledge based economy in action among year olds .
on monday night , a close friend and adviser of the former first lady told cnn clinton will say tonight that she will do whatever it takes to put a democrat in the white house . obama insiders saw that as an indication she would accept an offer to be his running mate if asked .
we ve heard what s being said in the newspapers and her friends about the cultural problems at home . from my brief discussions with the family , there s more to this story than just the cultural issues , which could play a part , ciraco said .
and in the nfc , arizona whipped carolina , taking advantage of six turnovers .
south korea s financial contribution to the stationing costs of the u . s . military on the peninsula cut down for . this year .
after last week s lay offs , the bank of new york mellon , western union , dillards department stores and other companies , , more americans on the unemployment line .
hospital officials said eight people were killed and injured .
but what i can promise you , the american people , and particularly the families of these missing men , is that we are doing everything we can to find these brave and courageous soldiers .
bermuda has long been a choice vacation spot for lovers . topping their list
the northeastern states had the most cases , with , cases reported in massachusetts in , , in new jersey , , in new york , and , in pennsylvania .
christina gallach said the decision , made over dinner during the first day of a planned two day summit here , will be formally confirmed on monday during an eu council meeting .
no one was injured in the incident involving the world s biggest airliner , a singapore airlines spokesman said , but passengers were taken off so the plane could be repositioned and inspected for any damage .
the wfp halted its food distribution program in mogadishu following the october incident to safeguard the safety of its other staff .
and injured in nearby petionville .
sao paulo police have sent alerts out to try to stop the paintings from leaving brazil , moura said .
a senior us diplomat has held talks with burmese government ministers in beijing , in the first such high level meeting since .
rooney ensured the red devils got the reward they deserved with his third goal of the tournament after minutes following cristiano ronaldo s pass .
the u . n . security council voted unanimously on tuesday to authorize up to , troops and police in an effort to stop attacks on millions of displaced civilians in sudan s darfur region .
reports differed on the hijacker s nationality , with one senior spanish government source saying he is moroccan and segura describing him as mauritanian .
the protests were concentrated in colombia and latin american capitals , though there were smaller protests in other places including spain , sweden , hungary , france , italy , india and the united states .
house republican leader john boehner said congress needs to provide money for u . s . troops to continue fighting terrorists in iraq , where al qaeda linked islamic militants have taken root since the u . s . invasion in .
bob was an extremely professional man , was an extremely soft person . . . gave his life to cricket and probably paid for it , he told ap .
if we continue this close next week , you re going to be up very , very late on election night .
authorities surveyed the neighborhood in petrolia and determined that no traces of the toxic chemical remained , said freda tarbell , spokeswoman for the pennsylvania department of environmental protection .
and it s becoming standard weekend viewing now for political junkies
president robert mugabe said on wednesday that zimbabwe s military had rejected british encouragement to stage a coup and warned his government would press ahead with a price blitz that has left shop shelves empty .
issuing the communist state s first official response to the u . s . decision , kim kye gwan said saturday in beijing that his country has not heard anything officially about the lifting of financial sanctions .
raised in a zoo and performing as a lion surrounded by the real thing at an african water hole
the united states failed to win the support of key allies in the group of seven , according to a source quoted by reuters .
ex i marveled at the beauty of the landscape .
at each point i could see what her time was and i would figure out her pace to see how she was feeling , burke , , said of his wife s debut marathon in . it really gave me a sense that i was there running with her .
two of the christian workers have already been murdered .
the sister and wife of kim kyung joon announced an hour and half before the scheduled news conference that they are canceling their appearance .
gunmen in the iraqi capital baghdad have killed at least people at a fake police checkpoint , in an apparent sectarian attack against sunni muslims .
the united states and some allies accuse iran of secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons .
video captured by celebrity news site tmz . com showed hilton inside the vehicle with her mother , kathy .
but some singaporeans have their doubts .
the korea times reports gender bias has continued despite rapid development over the past decades , especially with male favoritism at home and in workplaces .
another , people were injured and , are still missing after the . magnitude quake struck sichuan province and surrounding regions , according to xinhua .
for centuries , the search for the reincarnation of lamas including tibet s spiritual head , the dalai lama has been carried out by select tibetan monks .
we lost a battle , but we haven t lost the war the war against corruption , perez told his supporters .
neither north korea nor china , its closest ally , has confirmed the visit . a chinese foreign ministry spokesman said he had no specific information about the trip .
last month , police found that nine small and medium companies have illegally copied software programs and used them in violation of copyrights .
the legend of ron burgundy , and earned a tony award nomination for her broadway role in sweet charity .
china already faces a severe water shortage , especially in the northern part of the country .
in i was , edwards responded .
because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin .
but after three emotionally draining , failed attempts at adoption , they decided to turn to surrogacy .
then , last week , the electors went to kandahar for the final voting .
unama spokesman aleem siddique said patterson and semple were in helmand to talk to the people there and find out their needs and concerns a process which he said includes talking to people who may not support the government .
the fire may have been caused by the nose wheel hitting things as it ran off the runway or engine destruction .
the declaration is a key part of a deal , stalled since late , to end pyongyang s nuclear program .
how serious is the war with these organisms ?
the north korea democratic people s republic of korea under women s team has just won the fifa world cup , beating england in the semi final and shocking the u . s . in the final to be champions .
japan s economy will expand by . percent this year and . percent next year , which would mark a loss of momentum from last year . canada s growth would slow to . percent this year and pick up slightly to . percent next year .
the conservatives have taken the parliamentary elections in new zealand , ending helen clark s long time hold on the prime minister s office .
gadahn displays his passport to the camera , rips it in half and says , don t get too excited i don t need it to travel anyway .
one of the mutes is nana , a shepherd mix with long ears and long bushy tail .
speaking at a joint press conference after their meeting in the russian black sea resort of sochi , putin told journalists he had voiced russian concerns about u . s . plans to establish missile defense sites in poland and the czech republic .
crabs and other marine invertebrates die when the water is too cold , because they cannot flush magnesium out of their systems .
she has dated a range of famous men , including mick jagger and donald trump , and has also reportedly been linked to singer eric clapton and actor vincent perez .
suicide bombers killed more than people in casablanca in .
but the broad standard poor s index managed to eke out a gain of . of a point , or . percent , to finish at , . .
wellington , new zealand cnn greenpeace said monday it has disrupted the japanese whale hunt off antarctica by chasing the fleet s whale processing factory ship out of the whaling zone .
he also briefed lawmakers at the national assembly s defense committee .
houston , texas cnn military plans to shoot down a damaged u . s . spy satellite carrying toxic fuel will not concern the crew aboard the international space station , commander peggy whitson said saturday .
regulars say the nude beach is an accepted part of the area that doesn t cause any trouble .
asia s richest woman , nina wang , died on tuesday taking unanswered questions over her controversial . billion fortune to the grave .
the president also will meet with his economic and military advisors .
u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson says golden parachute payments will be banned and the salary deals of bankers clawed back as part of the government s billion bailout of the financial sector .
music is such an important part of kids and families lives , we thought it would be great to have a speaker system built in the wagon , said tom schlegel , vice president of product development .
the news across the globe was uniformly grim .
rice , , said one of her most difficult moments occurred during the summer of as the lebanon war was raging .
senior white house officials say this meeting is part of obama s plan to pursue a comprehensive peace that includes a two state solution .
the party is supporting candidates from two minor groups the democratic party and the people first party with which it is seeking to create a new political party .
then butchers at this japanese fishing village went to work , turning a motorized winch to haul the beast ashore .
the consumer may want to copy the football star by using the product .
tuesday s agreement came after south korean negotiators met taliban representatives in the central town of ghazni . the bbc is quoting taliban militants as saying they have agreed to free south koreans held hostage for more than a month in afghanistan .
an extraordinary snobbery still exists around the royals , he complained .
this is the same kind of movie in that cannes is kind of the perfect launching pad , because we can bring the whole world there , said frank marshall , producer on the indiana jones movies .
a year old former boeing engineer is accused of giving china details about the space shuttle and other aerospace programs .
as a result , the main opposition grand national party , which controls lawmakers , became the largest floor negotiating group in the seat unicameral legislature .
not only is american publisher scholastic inc . doing a first printing in excess of million copies another record for a series that has smashed so many publishing marks a number of other merchandisers have jumped into the potter game , with t shirts , calendars , candy , outfits and games .
the reason why rfid is often called next generation bar code is that the technology is more accurate , scanners can read more objects with less directional contact , and smaller chips can contain a larger quantity of information .
that s no surprise to guillermo cruz , who has bought two new cars this year
but the firm insisted the leak was still well below danger levels .
fire department spokesman nikos diamandis said that major fires in three other provinces of the peloponnese had been put out , while a blaze on the eastern island of chios was under control .
gm earned a net million that quarter .
yow won more than games in a career that included ncaa tournament bids and atlantic coast conference titles .
another bomb in the ghadir neighborhood of southeastern baghdad killed three people and wounded others .
abbas said the deal would satisfy our people . . . and bring us to the shores of peace . . . this initiative has been crowned with success .
wibro , short for wireless broadband , is a wireless broadband internet technology being developed by the korean telecom industry , and has boasted the fastest data transfer speed among existing mobile technologies .
it was some of the worst violence since kosovo declared independence from serbia last month and led the united nations to withdraw its international police personnel from the area , leaving kfor in charge of security .
although bush had long stood by gonzales , many members of congress from both sides of the aisle had called on him to quit after the firing of several u . s . attorneys in terminations which were alleged to have been politically motivated .
the shuttle s flight control system , used to steer atlantis once it re enters the atmosphere , checked out fine on wednesday .
the nine were picked up in early morning raids west of paris and in evreux , miles northwest of the french capital .
no executions are scheduled in the next few weeks .
some of the planning by gen . tommy franks and other top military officials before the invasion of iraq envisioned that as few as , u . s . troops would remain in iraq by december , according to documents obtained by a private research organization .
freud , , has been described as britain s greatest living realist painter .
a later survey revealed only chicks had survived to fledgling .
among the republicans , john mccain and mitt romney appear to be the frontrunners , with both seeking a morale boosting victory after rival mike huckabee claimed victory in iowa .
a bit of a surprise here
unicef says it is trying to address the underlying causes of child sexual abuse by working to improve access to and quality of education , raising awareness , and advocating for children s rights .
there , reverend call also happened to sell whiskey that he distilled himself .
some have interpreted those words to mean that everyone has a right to own a gun others say the amendment protects only the right of citizens to form a militia .
discoverer paul sereno named the elephant sized animal nigersaurus taqueti , an acknowledgment of the african country niger and a french paleontologist , philippe taquet .
his colleague , gen john abizaid , told a congressional hearing that al qaeda was the main enemy of peace and stability in the middle east and the threat it posed should not be underestimated .
bush will continue to urge patience with the nearly year old iraq war , saying more time is needed for the iraqi government to reach a political settlement and to lock in security gains made since he dispatched nearly , additional u . s . troops there a year ago .
it had been eight days and plate appearances since bonds hit his th home run , and he came out for early batting practice saturday , hoping to break his slump .
alerts have been issued in the past , but thursday s announcement is the largest .
the eu is adamant that , if the cubans accept the invitation , they also must agree to discussing human rights , political prisoners and democratization of the island .
george was dumbfounded .
if you let the people of gaza be killed today , while you shout and demonstrate , tomorrow the events will turn around and the crusaders and the jews will kill you instead , and others will do nothing but shout back and demonstrate , he says .
hinckley s doctors say his psychotic disorder and depression are in remission and they want to give him more freedom so he can begin relearning how to behave in society .
the fuel inside the segments is ammonium perchlorate , which has the consistency of a rubber eraser .
according to the u . n . , an average of children die per , live births in the solomons a rate that exceeds many south pacific nations , but is well below that of neighboring papua new guinea and vanuatu .
i think if we are thoughtful about going about this the way the admiral mcconnell has suggested , we will find a lot of the disagreement and concern and anxiety and in some cases anger and frustration said democratic sen . sheldon whitehouse of rhode island .
viacom sued google and its online video subsidiary youtube for billion tuesday , the first big lawsuit against the online video site and its parent for copyright infringement .
the plan will inject money into the banking system to provide immediate relief and free up lending , a treasury statement said .
authorities have since beefed up security near suu kyi s lakeside residence and extended barbed wire barricades on her street .
terrorists , separatists and extremists .
kabul , afghanistan a purported taliban spokesman said wednesday that negotiations for the lives of south korean hostages have stalled and that the militants planned to kill a few of the captives immediately .
obama calls on lawmakers to move on his stimulus plan with the same urgency he says americans now feel in their daily lives .
he said a police station had also been damaged and garbage cans torched .
in bogota , colombian presidential spokesman cesar mauricio velasquez welcomed france s offer to take in rebels , calling it very important .
i hope the farc is listening , said former hostage clara rojas , who took part in the march in the capital . she was freed last month after nearly six years in captivity .
a new study shows of them got written up for problems last year .
lenovo s pcs are tailored primarily for corporations and governments .
an aid operation is gathering speed in the worst hit areas around yogyakarta , where , people are said to have been hurt and , left homeless .
at the paradise point resort and spa on mission bay , rooms opened up monday night by cancellations due to the fires were quickly rebooked by evacuated families , said larry kaufman , the hotel s director of sales and marketing .
in may , the star of mean girls and freaky friday was arrested after crashing her mercedes benz into a tree in beverly hills .
tuesday , clinton and obama will compete for pledged delegates in the district of columbia , in maryland and in virginia .
i would like to emphasize that i did not make the tape myself .
earlier on sunday , a third earthquake rattled residents on the west coast of sumatra island .
secularist opposition parties had challenged the vote in court to prevent the foreign minister from winning .
but seeing how these cells direct the development of surrounding tissue has implications far beyond birds , he said .
italian law effectively turns a blind eye to prostitution , punishing only exploiters of prostitution , meaning pimps .
nneka and chimezie ononaku unwittingly poisoned their own four month old son chinonso .
he was a very naturalistic , believable actor , said his agent , francis delduca . he was good at both comedy and the serious stuff .
the relocation of the u . s . base in yongsan , seoul , is likely to be postponed until because of a delay in the construction schedule , government sources said wednesday .
the territory the only place in china where casinos are legal recently displaced the las vegas strip as the world s most lucrative gaming center .
commentator john active traces his roots a long way back in the bethel , alaska , area .
jeon appeared before the busan district prosecutors office after coming down to the port city from the tax office s headquarters in seoul .
there has also been growing criticism of the president from within his party the democratic progressive party , or dpp .
the national assembly s term also expires at the end of the year .
once a regional economic model , zimbabwe is in the throes of an economic crisis , with unemployment running at more than percent and many families unable to afford a square meal .
if we have not concluded an agreement within the next three weeks , we will be compelled to take our case directly to your shareholders , including the initiation of a proxy contest to elect an alternative slate of directors for the yahoo board , wrote microsoft chief executive steve ballmer .
the jamaican failed to win the m title at the osaka world championships , finishing third in . seconds behind americain tyson gay . and derrick atkins of the bahamas . .
the legislative process is sometimes not very pretty .
nielsen media research says preliminary ratings for the th annual academy awards telecast are percent lower than the least watched ceremony ever .
beverly hills , california cnn the end of the hollywood writers strike means the oscar show will be the usual star studded , fashion filled extravaganza , organizers promised .
argentina has steadfastly pursued the perpetrators of the amia attacks . . . the memory of what happened here , like our september th , is a touchstone for us .
he likened the people in iraq s oil region who work with oil smugglers to farmers in afghanistan who grow and sell poppies to insurgents for drug production
for gas , finer filtration means cleaner burning , with fewer smog creating impurities .
in february , ibm announced it would license technology for a similar device , known as the metapad , to vendors .
ap correspondent ken thomas
the implications are enormous for asian nations , where doctrines from confucianism to communism militate against the free circulation of ideas .
hundreds of deaths have been reported this winter as a result of the frigid temperatures , which have dipped to minus degrees celsius , or minus degrees fahrenheit .
he said they had been involved in some activities that were not their jobs .
anacondas are not poisonous , but kill their prey by coiling around them and squeezing until victims suffocate .
political analysts attributed the high turnout to heated competition between the two leading contenders lee myung bak , the former mayor of seoul , and park geun hye the former gnp chairwoman .
their bodies were wrapped in white and blue cloth and laid on benches in the school s courtyard .
he added that the new grouping hoped to enlist other foreign unions .
only a few of the detainees at the jadiriya centre in baghdad appeared to have been maltreated , bayan jabr said .
beckham , who has been struggling with an ankle injury , hurt his knee in la galaxy s superliga final defeat to pachuca on wednesday .
the task force s first priority will be to meet the world food program s emergency requirement of million , secretary general ban ki moon said at a news conference in bern , switzerland .
home hope kucera , , was searching for his second super g win in lake louise in three years , but finished over half a second behind maier .
whitmore said the decision to send hilton home was made by a panel of officials in the sheriff s department , although the judge who sentenced her was advised of the move .
atlantic southeast had the highest .
if the reports are accurate , the move takes atletico s close season spending up to million euros following their purchases of striker diego forlan , winger simao sabrosa , and midfielders cleber santana , luis garcia and raul garcia .
heavy rainfall set in late monday , wolf said , and caused the starzel river to rise . feet meters above regular water levels , he said .
razzano , from nimes , won her first wta title in guanzhou last sunday .
president roh moo hyun on wednesday paid a surprise visit to the zaytun unit in the northern iraqi town of irbil on his way back home from his european tour to encourage the south korean troops stationed there .
paul stanley , a singer and guitarist with rock band kiss , was forced to pull out of a show in california on friday after his heart started beating at more than twice the normal level , he said on his web site .
america has never been united by blood or birth or soil .
in july , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth million reals . million .
candidates may attack other candidates , or the sitting president , but they never attack the idea that america is special , a city upon a hill . the last , best hope of earth .
the charge carries a possible jail sentence of a year .
the white house has called the report politically motivated .
i came here to clarify that mr . fujimori has no responsibility with the actions cited in this process , montesinos told court magistrates .
bush had previously said he would veto any bill that he deemed an attempt to micromanage the war , and the white house freshened the threat a few hours before the vote and again afterward .
a spokesman for the town of limone sul garda , where crew have been filming for the past two weeks , said the alfa romeo crashed into a wall during a chase sequence involving a truck and bond s aston martin along the gardesana , a curvy , two lane lakeside road with gorgeous panoramas and many tunnels .
north korea is peeling back its self imposed veil of isolation , allowing tourists a rare glimpse of the hardscrabble rural life en route to a new hiking trail that opened this month at the south korean run diamond mountain resort .
that s the message in a new report by the activist group u . s .
dutch officials fear the movie could spark violent protests in muslim countries , similar to those two years ago after the publication of cartoons of the prophet muhammad in a danish newspaper .
kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban militants holding korean hostages in afghanistan will release two female hostages who are unwell , a taliban spokesman says .
yesterday images were formed in our country that will damage our reputation across the world , wrote commentator claus strunz in a column for the newspaper .
the typhoon is blamed for killing at least people , the philippine government reported on its web
the academy award winning actress will star in variations , a play by moises kaufman about a present day musicologist played by fonda and her study of beethoven s fascination with a particular piece of music .
buzz weiss , spokesman for the georgia emergency management agency , noted that counties in the state were impacted by severe weather friday and saturday .
the xinhua news agency also identified the hijacker as a man called as xia tao , who took control of the bus in the tourist city of xi an .
its dialogue partners the us , china , russia , south korea and japan appear to be giving north korea a few more days to comply . south korea is considering delaying rice aid to north korea after it failed to meet a key deadline to shut down a nuclear reactor , officials say .
many waved at the air conditioned south korean tourist buses .
the party is looking for ways to regroup following the election .
her professional opinion on his recovery was striking .
another were wounded in the suicide attack in mardan , in pakistan s north west frontier province , a police official said .
in just two months , zoellick said in his speech , rice prices have skyrocketed to near historical levels , rising by around percent globally and more in some markets , with more likely to come
mohamed elbaradei , head of the international atomic energy agency said that seoul had recently acknowledged producing more than pounds of uranium metal in the s at three facilities it had kept secret from his agency .
it is too early to determine root cause at this time , but rim does have a team addressing this issue in order to define the problem and prevent it in the future , the company said in a statement .
five years , nearly , deaths and half a trillion dollars later , the mission is still not accomplished , reid said .
they should have released her or put her on trial , genser said . their failure to do so not only flouts their own law but international law .
in studies of neanderthals , cave bear and mammoth , a majority of the dna recovered was that of microorganisms that colonized the tissues after death , the researchers said .
the government is considering restricting individuals overseas remittances , but there are fears this move may undermine efforts to liberalize foreign exchange transactions .
one student jokingly compared life to that of pigs in a pig pen .
change is coming to hempstead , new york .
it provides a view spanning a distance of light years across of the carina nebula .
they are required to have perfect skin , hair , eyes and teeth , they shouldn t have scars or wounds , and shouldn t be afraid of the dark .
bush s move came hours after a federal appeals panel ruled libby could not delay his prison term in the cia leak case .
there s also the latest issue of dc comics wonder woman .
whistle blowers like jeffrey wigand have said cigarette makers knew all along their product was addictive .
attorney yale galanter said simpson planned to use his miami , florida , home to secure bond . but the judge insisted that he put down percent in cash , .
to our knowledge , north korea has not given such information to beijing , said lee kyu hyung , south korea s second vice foreign minister .
it s not clear why even modest amounts of alcohol may shrink the brain , although alcohol is known to dehydrate tissues , and constant dehydration can have negative effects on any sensitive tissue , says paul .
microsoft corp . s operating systems run most personal computers around the globe and are a cash cow for the world s largest software maker .
one million free text messages will be sent every day for months from monday in south africa in a bid to raise hiv awareness and encourage testing for the disease .
the korea times reports former president kim dae jung was discharged from his day stay at yonsei university s severance hospital in seoul , which he was admitted to for pneumonia like symptoms , sunday his aides said .
it marks the first time in years that a train will cross the military demarcation border using the gyeongui line , and years for the donghae line .
he s said he might live on a farm , travel around scotland , or maybe open his own nightclub .
our foremost policy goal is to create a fair and competitive market system that effectively works . . . whether it s run by two or three groups does not matter , chin said .
on tuesday , dell dailey , the state department s counterterror chief , told reporters that north korea appears to have complied with the criteria needed to be removed from the list .
days after they seized control of gaza , hamas officials said johnston s release was imminent , but that was later disputed by an army of islam spokesman .
diane seitz , a teacher in the tiny village of koyukuk , reels off the prices at the village s only store , a weathered wood shanty with three meagerly stocked aisles and no regular business hours .
afghan elders have also been mediating between the militants and government negotiators in central ghazni province , where the group was taken .
we are at a turning point , and maybe a last turning point , he told french television at the unveiling ceremony , hours before sarkozy s address .
out of the total routes , changed their routes completely or have simply disappeared .
karzai said saturday he would be willing to meet personally with taliban leader mullah omar and give militants a position in government in exchange for peace .
the move along with other cutbacks should help reduce costs by billion a year by billion more than first planned .
a scientist visiting an outdoor restaurant was startled to see a laotian rock rat among the nearby wildlife .
i categorically denounce any statement that disparages our great country or serves to divide us from our allies , obama wrote on the liberal web site huffingtonpost . com about recently surfaced sermons from wright his longtime pastor at the trinity united church of christ .
the texas based buyout fund has been barred from selling its controlling stake in the korea exchange bank keb to hsbc , due to ongoing court proceedings on its questionable takeover of keb in .
i want to recover and be ready for the important davis cup final with my country that will be played in mar del plata , argentina . that is also another reason for not coming to shanghai , nadal added .
the world s greatest super yachts
and without it her project , day by day polaroid , would never be complete .
the role of private security guards has become controversial since a september shooting in which blackwater guards allegedly killed iraqi civilians .
there s no doubt that the deadly attack on india s financial capital last month was planned inside pakistan , secretary of state condoleezza rice told cnn on sunday .
tens of thousands of police moved in on the kilns in henan province , arresting people , xinhua news agency said .
premier wen jiabao has ordered extra soldiers and medics and more helicopters for rescue missions in sichuan province .
the blissitts said they didn t know the hog that was hunted was fred until they were contacted by a game warden for the alabama department of wildlife and freshwater fisheries .
a british foreign office spokeswoman said gibbons had been charged under article of sudan s constitution , the law relating to insulting religion and inciting hatred .
the microsoft subsidiary filed a complaint with the police last month .
and with the negotiations taking place for hours on end behind closed doors , the idle time fuels speculation and jokes about hill .
lonnie miller , director of industry analysis at polk , said rising gas prices may affect some buyers , but they re not the main driver of hybrid sales .
singing lil rounds , the smooth singing year old from memphis , got in early last night on fox .
but since revelations in october that north korea has a secret atomic weapons project , even a small confrontation along the border now carries nuclear overtones .
the motorcycle maker also is closing some facilities and consolidating others in wisconsin and pennsylvania .
th of last year , u . s .
the monash team has isolated a population of epithelium stem cell markers in a mouse thymus and proved that they can be grown into a fully functioning thymus .
while the snow has mounted and the temperature has plunged to the low teens in parts of afghanistan , most of those who have lost their lives since december were either elderly people or children .
you know this is the first arms supply deal between libya and a western country , saif al islam said , adding he expected more to be signed shortly .
cbs , which carried imus on radio stations , had originally announced it would suspend his show for two weeks .
porn stars have myspace pages and do voiceovers for video games .
graham has been indicted for allegedly lying to federal investigators . he has pleaded not guilty .
beijing s description of the delegation as a private , fact finding mission appeared designed to downplay the significance of the visit and dodge questions about its nature , including the possibility that china s leadership and the exiled tibetan government are trying to reach consensus on the future of the himalayan region .
more important to get a handle on the program than to have north korea confess past nuclear sins .
the magazine published an article under the title , perils of good intentions
fire teams will start a controlled fire in an effort to take flames away from the town and create a barrier for homes and other buildings .
they checked the identity papers of everyone entering the campus and allowed only selected students into the hall for the speech , but the protesters were somehow able to gain entrance .
companies are seeking cost efficient , good quality buildings in order to remain competitive
your vodka and cognac weren t enough .
though he doesn t deny the atrocities committed during his father s reign , amin says the film will compound many of the negative images .
at least people were arrested in the netherlands and five other countries including the us and britain .
but an international team from the lawrence livermore national laboratory , the university of california and the mt .
the government has been forced to rethink its hands off approach to cutting edge stem cell medicine following the fiasco over the cloning pioneer , hwang woo suk , who was found to have fabricated research for his claimed breakthrough on cloned stem cells .
bahamian police said a caretaker at the west end resort where the travoltas were vacationing found the teenager unconscious in the bathroom .
it also said it would end all missionary work in the country and stop its citizens from traveling there .
the u . n . entry campaign started in the s , but beijing has used its clout as a permanent member of the security council to keep the issue off the official agenda .
diana is remembered for her glamour , for her extensive charity work and for her tempestuous marriage to prince charles , heir to the british throne . the pair married in in a ceremony watched by millions around the world , but divorced in after admissions of adultery on both sides .
hamilton , elevated to pole , led every lap and celebrated his third win in races to go seven points clear of his disgruntled team mate .
some said the camera was going too far and invading privacy , but others said they are willing to put safety before privacy concerns .
the benchmark dow jones plummeted through the , mark with early tallies indicating the close nudging , points .
television footage showed blood at the scene of the bombing and several people lying motionless on the ground .
milwaukee pitcher yovani gallardo s coming back from two knee injuries to start .
hillary clinton s decisive win in west virginia caused john edwards to throw his support to barack obama , the illinois senator s aides said .
the paper s editor said the word had long been used by christians to refer to god in the malay language .
gambari visited burma twice after the violent suppression of protests .
the korea times reports president roh moo hyun on thursday asked for support from businessmen for the bids to host the winter olympics in pyeongchang and the world expo in yeosu .
pakistan s waziristan region has long been regarded as a safe haven for al qaeda and taliban militants sheltered by their local pashtun allies .
officials sent the torch on a new route citing safety concerns .
ruling and opposition parties agreed to relocate ministries .
growth for the first nine months of the year was . percent , the same rate recorded for the first half of the year , the national bureau of statistics reported .
the train carrying around people from the northern town of bijelo polje to the port town of bar plunged into the meter deep ravine full of rocks .
the accident happened at about gmt , some km west of johannesburg .
news leaked from the reclusive north , which shuns outside access , is usually hard to confirm .
hill told cnn it is still important to resolve north korea s uranium and proliferation activities , but north korea s plutonium is the more immediate threat because it can be used to make nuclear weapons .
political parody and satire have vanished across the korean media , as the nation s election watchdog has strengthened monitoring efforts on online personal invective and taken some cases to police .
survivor noemi martinez , , of el salvador , said the boat departed from guatemala and capsized tuesday with more than people aboard , according to moises hernandez , regional commander for ministerial police in oaxaca .
they call the concept sustainable development .
the executive jet landed safely .
she d heard it might stave off alzheimer s disease .
emanuel choked up as he said how glad he is his parents are alive to see him have the choice of becoming chief of staff for a historic figure .
but not just for his own amusement .
oil prices steadied thursday after rising to a record near a barrel due to a surprising drop in u . s . crude supplies and a new low for the dollar against the euro .
we have always been a close , peaceful and loving family . my brother was quiet and reserved , yet struggled to fit in .
this is supposed to reassure all parents about the safety of children s vaccines , but it probably won t comfort some
peacekeepers have tried to pacify somalia before , with tragic results .
the rays won the al title sunday finishing up boston in seven games .
syria has been accused of being behind the killing , but it denies involvement .
spanish police detained more than senior members of an outlawed basque party that is considered to be the political wing of the armed separatist group eta on thursday , officials said .
in the press room , gore was asked how it feels to be a rock star .
yet dhirgham al zaidi said he was shocked when he saw his brother hurling his shoes at president bush at a sunday news conference after a surprise visit by bush to baghdad .
today intelligence is the first line of defense against ideology driven terrorism , nuclear proliferation , and other threats to our country , explains peter earnest , executive director of the international spy museum , who spent years at the cia .
an islamic militant group has denied it beheaded a u . s . marine who has been missing in iraq . two islamist websites yesterday announced that lebanese born corporal wassef ali hassoun had been beheaded .
beirut , lebanon cnn less than hours before the lebanese president s term will expire , no one has been chosen to replace him .
australia s socceroos are also a growing force in international football .
wahab akbar of basilan province who has been the subject of threats in the past was killed in the p . m . a . m . et explosion , which came from a bomb that police believe was planted on a motorcycle near akbar s vehicle .
that wobble , in turn , may have caused the planet mercury s orbit to wobble .
a relative helped to steady the girl s mother , khadija , who was overwhelmed with sadness .
sachs says more than fifty of the world s poorest countries would have a chance to improve the living and economic conditions for their people .
he spoke to wls tv last year .
a military helicopter on a united nations peacekeeping mission in nepal crashed on monday in the eastern district of sindhuli , killing all passengers aboard , including lt .
one of the suspects , age , committed suicide friday after police and a high school teacher confronted him about his web page , which featured material glorifying the columbine shootings , jurgen laggies , a spokesman for cologne police told cnn .
children are crying and their mothers are screaming , but there is no damage in my area .
the main part of the collapsed span is not submerged , but the span clearly separated from the land based sections of the highway on both the north and south ends of the bridge .
of those , at least percent are civilians , according to the sources .
the comment came as mccain criticized obama for reversing positions on public financing and other issues .
roh called the north s nuclear test a foolish act , but renewed his strong commitment to joint inter korean projects .
after being told by prosecutors that their testimony could jeopardize the ongoing criminal investigation , the illinois house panel considering impeachment charges against gov . rod blagojevich will not subpoena advisers to president elect barack obama , the panel s chairwoman said sunday .
thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is to chair cabinet meetings again seven weeks after stepping aside from front line politics , colleagues say .
police put the couple through intensive questioning before declaring them arguidos , or suspects , on friday .
they were calling for changes to the electoral process in malaysia to prevent fraud .
a group of priests on wednesday accused south korea s new spy chief and a senior aide to president lee myung bak of having regularly taken bribes from samsung group .
if confirmed by the senate , bolden would become the second astronaut and first african american to lead nasa .
they d give the sleigh bells on his front door a yank , and he d roll out of bed to make a sale .
more than , marines are stationed near the restive town in the sunni triangle but when the violence broke out on wednesday and the streets of falluja exploded in mayhem , marine commanders decided not to intervene .
the outpost is in a part of the tribal territory of south waziristan that is a stronghold of taliban warlord baitullah mehsud the man the pakistani government has named a prime suspect in the december assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
vershbow apparently ignoring the american principle of innocence until proven guilty was speaking to ohmynews , an internet news site , on tuesday the interview was published yesterday .
usfk will elevate the legal drinking age from to .
the country s foreign ministry described the resolution as the product of a hostile american policy and said pyongyang would not be bound by it .
archaeologists have not found a cartouche a pharoah s name in hieroglyphs of the pyramid s owner .
the revised calculations come from an unprecedented examination of years of data that scour the ground for nuclear explosions .
some . out of , people took their own lives in .
the man drew attention to himself by looking odd and out of place , mitchell said .
as the democrats are boycotting it , it would lend it more legitimacy .
users can reselect the pages if desired and deselect any other pages they don t want to print say , the pages of legal jargon at the end of an airline reservation .
he arrived in chile in in what some saw as a possible attempt to return to peru and seek office there in .
the five permanent members of the security council and germany agreed on a resolution to expand sanctions on iran and presented it to the council last week , but several nations said they wanted to amend it .
rising sun came out during a time when americans feared japanese ascendance , particularly when it came to technology .
of the total central state agencies , bodies will be moved to the new administrative capital , the commission said .
keys is set to sing a duet with a virtual frank sinatra as well .
due to reports of ballot shortages in cuyahoga and franklin counties , we requested a voting extension in those counties , said obama spokesman bill burton .
the other type of airship is the dirigible .
however , the recent brief detention of south korean nationals by iraqi militias has rekindled hot debates in the korean political field ahead of thursday s polls as voices opposing the troop deployment have risen again in civil society .
washington cnn the cia destroyed videotapes of interrogations of al qaeda suspects because they no longer had intelligence value and they posed a security risk , cia director michael hayden said thursday .
private flash radio reported monday that a year old man had died after his car fell into a flooded ditch in northern greece .
the deal , apparently concluded in july in moscow , is contained in a letter of protocol .
the standing orders are very clear , odinga said . they say the majority party is the government party . we are the majority party , and therefore we are going to be sitting on the government side , because we expect the minority party to sit on the opposition benches .
in a parliamentary democracy , the majority rule , tsvangirai said alongside mutambara at a news conference in south africa . he should concede that . . . he cannot be president .
erdogan said u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice had expressed sympathy and asked for a few days in a telephone conversation late sunday .
the cnn opinion research corp . poll was conducted by telephone march , with , americans questioned , including registered voters who identify themselves as democrats or independents who lean democratic .
royal , percent of respondents said they would likely vote for him , down four points from last week , against percent for her , up four points .
compared to what s happening in the midwest , we ve kind of got it easy right now , said joe orlando , a spokesman for the authority .
i understand how badly people are hurting .
the belated report also sparked speculation that the chinese ship left the scene of the accident without trying to rescue the victims .
both candidates tried to pitch their plans as the best thing for the middle class .
the president sent the letter saturday , along with letters to other leaders of nations participating in six party talks about pyongyang s nuclear program , said national security council spokesman gordon johndroe .
travel pillows may be awkward to carry , but they are proven at improving sleep by supporting the head .
the expectations are so low for sarah palin .
pay for a citizen s article ranges from nothing to us , depending on its importance .
abe , looking shaken after visiting the hospital where matsuoka died , said although the minister had been under intense questioning in parliament , he had continued to be a useful member of the cabinet .
clinton has continued to tout her electability , saying she s the stronger candidate to go up against sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee , in november .
the exact number of missing was unknown , but officials said at least people were working on the foot long section when it buckled at about a . m .
the median age is at solair , where a yearly membership is for people older than ,
araujo also intended to have sex change surgery , according to her mother , sylvia guerrero , who had promised the teen she would file a name change petition after that was accomplished .
mclaughlin said there s no evidence of some sort of sanction by tehran for the attacks .
sk telecom yesterday said the seoul based company had signed a contract late last week with google for the development of the mobile search solution .
clinton held town hall meetings in cheyenne and casper , and also dispatched former president clinton to help drum up support .
davison said the british council had suspended operations in both cities because russia had made it impossible for them to continue operating .
that decision , they said , is up to macau s government .
the korea times reports the independent counsel investigating the samsung group questioned chairman lee kun hee s only son , jae yong , as a suspect thursday over allegations about an illicit father to son transfer of wealth and group control and other irregularities .
farmer u han nyunt told cnn shortages were likely because productive land and seeds had been ruined .
pyeong chang s bid to host the olympic winter games fell short yet again after losing a two way race with russia s sochi in an international olympic committee ioc vote on wednesday .
we will see over the next day or two . . . where the facts lead us .
he said the us now held the initiative and was looking to deliver a crippling blow to al qaeda in the country .
mark coakley , the general register for henrico county said the turnout in his richmond area county was record breaking .
political analysts say her remarks are intended to apply pressure on gnp leader kang jae sup to retract his disputed proposal on the primary rules .
the number of people in the study was small , but adequate to see a difference between the groups . it was so significantly different , small said .
rescue teams with sniffer dogs worked under floodlights to find out whether there were any others trapped under the rubble .
north korea would , it said , bolster its war deterrent in every way .
vehicles and property were looted or vandalized .
the emergency decree , which must go before parliament for ratification , was part of an effort to quell violent anti government protests that saakashvili blamed on russian officials .
he sounded confident in cleveland yesterday .
when we started cobbling together the movie , we knew there was only one road we could take , said sarah jessica parker , who stars as carrie and co produced the film .
police said the workers attacked both civilians and police and that there were injuries on both sides .
he angered liverpool residents during an interview on british television in january when he said he missed nothing about the city .
both are on the agenda right now , as the president and the new prime minister of israel sit down at the white house .
illinois offenders face similar restrictions , including a ban on dressing in a costume .
moscow will also refuse to issue new visas to british government officials , and suspend dialogue with london on counterterrorism measures , kamynin said . the expelled british diplomats , who were not identified , must leave russia within days , the spokesman said .
the world is a better place without the hezbollah commander , mccormack said .
he also got a haircut , and seemed happier , she said .
tightly controlled countries like north korea typically stonewall such sensitive inquiries .
the two boys took their grandmother s car and set off up the newell highway , the sydney morning herald reported .
england were ahead thanks to a well worked opener from frank lampard on nine minutes when robinson misjudged a cross by bernd schneider and palmed the ball into the path of the grateful kuranyi for a th minute leveler .
the operation to free hostages held at a school in beslan in was full of failures and shortcomings , a russian investigator has said .
they found the child to be undernourished , anemic and under cardiac stress .
john p . grayken , chairman of lone star funds , said thursday that the prosecution lacks any hard evidence to back its assertion that the texas based fund had bought the korea exchange bank keb at a bargain price through collusion with policymakers and former keb executives .
nearly , store owners , managers and business executives have been arrested since the government began its campaign to slash prices last month , state media reported thursday .
the room has not been excavated .
the illinois democrat dismissed the suggestion that his election would help terrorist groups , noting that even the bush administration s own intelligence agencies have indicated that the threat of terrorism has increased as a consequence of our actions over there .
some of the questioning of gonzales will focus on contradictions between his statements and those of former justice department officials .
the august increases came from higher demand in china , where sales rose percent from january , while in the united states , sales increased . percent .
a regular application now takes weeks to weeks .
meier said the huge amounts of ice locked in greenland and antarctica hold the potential for some really horrendous sea level rise as much as . feet if they ever completely melt .
he and seven others face charges over the killing of people in dujail in .
yanukovych put together a coalition that forced the president to name him prime minister in august .
when this spirit of citizenship is missing , no government program can replace it .
milan wins on pens after beckham starts
a lawmaker , tribal leader and year old child were killed , but president hamid karzai escaped unhurt , according to an official and a statement from karzai s office .
another million of them are being sold every week .
the well publicized landing of iranian jews in israel on tuesday spurred glee among some israelis and the immigrants themselves and drew public scorn from a surprising quarter in iran two officials from its centuries old jewish community .
north korea will resume the process of dismantling its nuclear reactor on tuesday , the international atomic energy agency announced .
the right foot was found by a woman walking on the beach , said sgt . mike tresoor of the royal canadian mounted police in the town of campbell river on vancouver island , british columbia .
walters , director of the us office of national drug control policy ondcp , was meeting colombian president alvaro uribe .
the race will go on for the rest of the riders and we believe it would be an insult to them to stop the race . . . the majority of the riders are not cheating . and things are changing , said prudhomme .
she also noted we have one more step .
the korea times reports lawmakers of the pro government uri party on thursday blocked a national assembly vote on south korea s first ever motion to impeach president roh moo hyun .
gates said the american troops would come from new forces that would be deployed to afghanistan . he said part of the problem is that many of the trainers are national guard forces , and we have a hard time identifying who would go .
associated press correspondent sagar meghani at the white house .
prosecutors say those on trial are islamic terrorists who were based in spain but inspired by al qaeda .
no one was home at the white , two story townhouse residence tuesday .
the dow jones industrial average added in the first half hour of trading .
afghanistan s lower parliamentary house voted monday to suspend an outspoken female lawmaker , who has enraged former mujahedeen fighters now in president hamid karzai s u . s . backed government .
a former colombian army soldier , who told authorities he had a grenade , was holding about people hostage wednesday at a government pension office in bogota , officials said .
the indian navy says commandos carried to the ship by a helicopter captured of the pirates .
that prompted the british military to withdraw the prince for security reasons four weeks before the end of his week deployment .
attorney in chicago reading from the supposed blagojevich transcript who dropped in on david letterman last night ?
at the time , jane friedman , ceo of harpercollins , got a desperate e mail .
to create the endurance mouse , spiegelman s group bioengineered pgc into mouse muscle tissue .
estonia , a nation of . million , is a european union and nato member as well as a key hub for skype and other web pioneers .
attached to his lawn chair were large helium balloons . destination
security has been tight at the hospital after police confiscated a suspicious item on the suspect s body when he was admitted on saturday , and called for a partial evacuation of the hospital .
at the heart of the controversy is why kim , the president of gana general trading co . , has been reluctant to come back to his home country , with the government scrambling for ways to determine the true date of the kim abduction .
the protests have been timed to coincide with the run up to the summer olympic games in beijing in august .
childs captured the first video of a live jaguar in the late summer of , a few months after warner glenn .
the capacity of future dvds will be enormous times greater than that of today s cds .
their activities have given new life to a protest movement that began a month ago after the government raised fuel prices .
for his part , he has said he drinks too much coffee .
this new capital will help healthy banks continue making loans to businesses and consumers , and this new capital will help struggling banks fill the hole created by losses during the financial crisis .
under the law which passed through the national assembly last month , chung is to conduct an extensive investigation into allegations of lee s various past misdeeds until shortly before his inauguration on feb .
as a boss , i ll be protected from taking blame .
what is needed are the sincere efforts of the japanese government and people .
the names of the , victims of the twin towers attack were read out by their brothers and sisters .
but don t over do it the day after .
for this endlessly fascinating city , it s back to business
still , he says , the union is willing to make more concessions to the auto makers .
a survey of the albatross on gough island in january showed , adults incubating eggs , the rspb said .
korea s disclosure law now provides for the publication of sex offenders names , ages , occupations and general addresses .
after witnessing the violent reaction by the north korean crowd , junji ogura , vice president of the japan football association , said he was astonished and that he feared for his players safety .
the spider is a baby now , but will eventually grow about as big as a tarantula .
but al sadr spokesman salah al obeidi said al sadr has consulted with iraq s shiite clerical leadership and they refused that .
the couple dated last year and brown , , known as scary spice as a member of the british pop phenomenon , listed murphy as the father on the child s birth certificate .
meanwhile , bush has hinted at compromise on an iraq funding bill , saying the idea of setting benchmarks on progress in iraq made sense .
officials are splashing out on a billion upgrade the first major overhaul since independence in that will add kilometers miles of new track and trains over five years .
cnn a second south korean hostage held captive by the taliban in afghanistan has been killed , a spokesman for the militant group told cnn on monday .
he reached the semifinals at wimbledon four times , made the last four at both the french open and u . s . open in , and has won of his singles matches in davis cup .
the sea battle broke out when a flotilla of rebel boats tried to attack naval boats patrolling off kallarawa , a fishing village in the eastern trincomalee district on saturday night , said navy spokesman cmdr . d . k . p . dassanayake .
they have kept details of their upcoming nuptials under wraps .
he d rather ignore the credit crisis and the mortgage crisis or blame middle class families instead of offering solutions on their behalf , clinton said during campaigning in raleigh , north carolina .
after spending three days in jail in a reckless driving case , hilton was briefly released to home confinement thursday for an undisclosed medical condition . an outraged judge sent her back to jail friday .
the world s most famous groundhog says winter will go on for six more weeks punxsutawney phil passing judgment in pennsylvania this morning .
earlier this year , zander had withstood pressure from another activist shareholder , billionaire investor carl icahn , but wednesday s profit warning could trigger more speculation that he may be forced out , some analysts said .
police did not name the man
sharif , like bhutto , returned from exile late last year to compete in the elections .
forty four percent more , to be exact .
and , she left behind a culture she says was oppressive for young women .
he said he has been in contact with the district attorney s office , which will receive a copy of the tape and decide whether to file criminal charges .
the invitation is part of the eu s drive to improve its relations with cuba , strained for years over the issues of human rights and political freedoms .
dinner for two , a pocket size wine bar from the owners of rathbun s next door
motorola backtracked on its previous target for the mobile unit to make a full year profit , and said its second quarter operating loss would be wider than in the first quarter .
super tuesday states account for over half the delegates who will go to party conventions to formally choose the nominees to run in november s election .
a spokesman for rove , mark corallo , said the allegations were utterly without merit .
at least people have died and thousands have been left homeless after torrential rains inundated large parts of ecuador , officials said thursday .
he will receive a mandatory sentence of life in prison and will not be eligible for parole for at least years .
amazon . com said on wednesday the company will launch a digital music store later in with millions of songs , free of copy protection technology that limits where consumers can play their music .
having four small children makes me much more efficient because when i work , i really have to focus said pitt .
the lower court had passed a four year term .
morici expects unemployment , which reached . last month , to hit at least . president elect barack obama tells nbc s meet the press the economy is going to get worse before it gets better .
millan and his two bodyguards , leobardo plata hernandez and daniel de la vega hernandez , came under fire in the street in colonia guerrero , in mexico city , about a . m . , the department said .
the heartbroken machin , , choked up as he described losing ginger .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , a former south korean foreign minister , said he felt very much sorry and troubled by the killings .
the five time wimbledon champion was bitten on his right leg by a german shepherd called when he tried to pull the dog away from his golden retriever at his home in sweden over the weekend .
officials will meet in the border city of kaesong to formalize an agenda for the meeting .
the dna , dated to between , and , years ago , may be the oldest yet recovered , according to the team .
the web site on tuesday urged supporters to greet the former prime minister at the airport at a . m . local time gmt , and thousands are expected to congregate .
the day of the race , they just wanna go home , lay in a tub or something , you know that s what i recommend .
an australian television cameraman reportedly broke both legs in the accident while a journalist with the sydney morning herald suffered burns to both legs and was recovering in a yogyakarta hospital .
they discussed security and energy projects .
it was part of a selection of photographs auctioned by collector gert elfering that also included nude photos of models lauren hutton , gisele bundchen and kate moss .
yi s father and younger brother also saw her off .
still , he says the real growth has yet to start .
a big chunk will come from the marine base he s visiting today
the surge was far better than the continued drop economists had expected .
ironically , national and statewide anti smoking groups have opposed laws that seek to prosecute minors for smoking .
trusts must deliver clean , safe treatment to every patient , every time and where senior management and trust boards fail to act ,
and there s no doubt about it from my over thirty years of experience in law enforcement and now the last two years as mayor of san francisco .
in the first half percent of operating profit came from africa , central and eastern europe and asia .
we had assurance from the koreans that kabul will release taliban prisoners in batches and we will reciprocate , yousuf told reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location .
the president elect faced questions about a possible bailout of the auto industry , which he supports with caveats .
air force firing range , koon ni range , located only kilometers south of seoul , will be shut down in august next year after years in operation since korean war , the korea times quoted officials at the defense ministry and u . s . military as saying here on sunday .
one crew member was killed .
the ecb lifted interest rates to a six year high of percent and showed its readiness to hike again to curb inflationary pressures in a strongly expanding economy .
yonhap news quoted rain s manager as saying the k pop singer will be attending the speed racer press conference on may in berlin , germany .
hong kong protests beijing s plan to restrict its movement toward democracy .
bad kisses , on the other hand , are relatively easy to pinpoint .
first lady hillary clinton said historical amnesia among south koreans about the important role the united states has played in supporting the country s development is putting strain on their longstanding military alliance .
three were colombians in the spanish army , and three were from spain , its defense minister said .
doctor recalls amazing injuries a doctor at a blacksburg hospital described the injuries he saw monday as amazing and the shooter as brutal .
earlier today , i was discussing the democratic primary history , and in the course of that discussion mentioned the campaigns that both my husband and senator kennedy waged in california in june in and , and i was referencing those to make the point that we have had nominating primary contests that go into june . that s an historic fact , she told reporters .
and micron technology inc .
from losingest team to longest game , the philadelphia phillies are world series champions .
in the newspaper interview , he said there was no reason to think that races which had grown up in separate geographical locations should have evolved identically .
diana mckeever received several stitches to her knee and was released from the hospital .
clinton cited obama s repeated promise to start bringing combat troops out in months .
four years ago today , , people were killed when tsunami slammed into a dozen countries along the indian ocean .
the deal is part of chrysler s effort to cut costs and become more flexible through manufacturing arrangements with local partners around the world .
in the statement , suu kyi also welcomed the appointment of aung kyi as the minister of relations , a position the junta created last month to be a liaison between government and suu kyi , whom the junta has under house arrest in yangon .
top military officials and lawmakers voiced concern about the defense ministry s plan to streamline the armed forces and reinforce the weapons system .
the european banking sector was particularly hard hit , with ubs whose stock has dipped per cent in the last year down . percent , ap reported , while credit suisse fell . percent and deutsche bank dropped . .
in mid october , the government admitted to detaining more than , people , but said most had been released .
chad s president claimed his government was in control of the entire country wednesday , speaking to journalists for the first time since rebels tried to remove him from power .
he showed no reaction .
koalas produce one young each year under optimal conditions , but if you drop the nutritional value of the leaves , it might become one young every three or four years , hume said .
colossal squid can descend to , feet and are extremely active , aggressive hunters , he said .
many people , especially children , are suffering from upper respiratory problems as well as allergies and medicine is needed .
it also offers a refreshing change for a country still reeling from taliban rule , which banned music and television from to isolating people from a significant piece of afghan culture .
he beat out eddie murphy , whom many had considered the frontrunner for his role as james thunder early in dreamgirls .
she s the first filly to win the second leg of the triple crown in years .
according to the korea herald , during a parliamentary audit , the education ministry for the first time unveiled its proposal for law school student numbers , and has been a topic of hot dispute between schools and the legal industry .
bush says the step which follows similar moves by u . s . allies is limited and temporary , adding he is confident it will help get markets working again .
papa had its inaugural assembly .
your attendance at these games will only serve to enhance china s honor and prestige as the host country of the olympics .
smith , , died of unknown causes february after collapsing at a florida hotel .
they detonated this explosive device right in a crowded area that was both used by civilians and military people , once again showing that they have no care whatsoever who they kill their effort is just to kill .
the ap s anne gearan , who s traveling with rice , reports that part of the effort includes getting pakistan to live up to promises to cooperate .
for years , the region was excluded from playing a significant part in nominating presidential candidates , but senate majority leader harry reid used his clout to move up his state s caucuses , increasing nevada s profile on the primary calendar .
in the excerpts , bush acknowledges critics of the war including democratic presidential candidates barack obama and hillary clinton and says that they can no longer credibly argue that we are losing in iraq , so now they argue the war costs too much .
many evacuees are staying in area hotels at discounted rates .
sarah hughes says only the most badly hurt victims remain in her hospital
could return to your kitchen table not as leftovers , but as plastic wrap .
as u . n . ambassador , bolton helped push through a u . n . resolution last year that led to economic sanctions against north korea .
sasae and russian deputy foreign minister alexander losyukov have said that energy assistance was the sole sticking point , with the japanese envoy calling north korean demands excessive .
the shootings began just before p . m . at the von maur store inside the shopping complex .
detroit newspapers to end daily home delivery
real estate power broker dead of apparent suicide
it played a key role in turning conservative religious groups into a powerful political force in the us .
hossein mousavian , the top negotiator under reformist former president mohammad khatami , was briefly detained in may , again on suspicion of espionage , according to the semiofficial fars news agency .
a japanese drop box for unwanted babies triggered a wave of nationwide soul searching wednesday , a day after it was discovered a preschooler and not an infant had been dumped there by his father on its first day of operation .
the problem appears to be getting worse since the iucn s last comprehensive survey of mammals years ago , the iucn s jan schipper told cnn .
some observers question whether al maliki has the political will to take on al sadr s mehdi army , thought to be behind much of iraq s violence between sunni insurgents and shiite militias .
with two weeks to go before the main opposition grand national party gnp s primary to pick its presidential candidate , the korea times reports former seoul mayor lee myung bak is widely believed to be the favorite but chairwoman park geun hye is seeking a come from behind victory .
jim clark so feared netscape would run out of money that he had imposed a hiring freeze .
we want to do it in a responsible and careful way , and we also want to expand our work with the people and government of iraq in other areas of concern
oil is iraq s key industry .
despite those figures , more stocks fell in price monday than rose on the new york stock exchange .
sunnis had been reluctant to take part in the political process , and many were only convinced to do so with the promise of changes to the iraqi constitution .
police are having difficulty identifying the dead victims of the fire at a warehouse in icheon , due to severe bodily damage .
but it was buried nearby , alongside the kremlin wall , and much of the truth about stalin s excesses did not emerge until the gorbachev era .
written on behalf of the un environment program s unep finance initiative , the report said financial institutions could deliver market solutions to climate change , through carbon emissions trading and lower insurance premiums for cleaner companies .
a miracle finish for texas in the fiesta bowl .
alphonsa , a nun from southern india , was when she died in .
kazuyoshi miura , who is now , and his wife kazumi were visiting the us city in when they were shot in a car park .
their goal was to figure out how to kill as many american soldiers as possible , christie said .
the rioters smashed a window in the police station and set a police vehicle on fire inside the gate .
two germans were abducted in a nearby region a day before .
the eu report said the cia had operated , flights , some taking suspects to states where they could face torture .
tiny elite holding most of the country s wealth and around half the population living on less than a day .
in answering questions from reporters about whether he should resign , wolfowitz referred several times to the committee s communique and said he did not want any comments he made to get in the way of the board s work .
officials say the sh seahawk had taken off from the carrier nimitz before it went into the sea during a training exercise late last night .
now ternent , the bear biologist , is aiming to come up with a bear population objective for various parts of the state , taking into account factors such as human population density , forest cover and the availability of food .
by reflex , i used a jiu jitsu technique .
customers , colleagues , analysts , journalists , and many more .
instead , a private fund created in by the japanese government has provided a way for tokyo to support former sex slaves without offering official government compensation .
officials want to see mandarin more firmly established here , five years after britain handed this former colony back to the motherland .
. . . setting a deadline for withdrawal is setting a date for failure , and that would be irresponsible , bush said in a televised address after the veto .
chang said the monkey has been placed with a rescue center for abandoned primates , but it could have been living out its life with its family in its native habitat .
zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai called wednesday for armed international peacekeepers to secure a new presidential election in the country where violence has marred a runoff set for this week .
dimitar berbatov opened the scoring for spurs but two goals from martin laursen edged the visitors ahead and gabriel agbonlahor and craig gardner added to the lead .
what matters is the safety of prince harry .
u . s . attack helicopter crews in northern baghdad on monday targeted insurgents emplacing a roadside bomb , killing one extremist and wounding five , the military said .
male octopuses put on feminine airs , such as swimming girlishly near the bottom and keeping their male brown stripes hidden in order to win unsuspecting conquests .
china , which has been uncooperative in past efforts to pressure myanmar s military rulers , said it supported gambari s mission .
built centuries ago to keep mongol marauders and manchu militias out , the great wall of china is again threatened .
he will likely be sent to korea in november .
the singer madonna has settled with guy ritchie for million , or about million , as part of their divorce agreement , her representative , liz rosenberg , confirmed on monday to cnn .
whitewater never seemed real because it wasn t .
the hollywood foreign press association , which began presenting the awards in , was content to rent a ballroom at a local hotel , hand out trophies to stars or their representatives and generally sponsor a good time .
beckham still has three years on his contract with the galaxy , where he is a midfielder .
the system is managed by dedicated transplant co ordinators who talk to grieving relatives , often within a few hours of death , to seek their consent .
italian investigators are awaiting the results of crucial dna tests on evidence related to the murder of british student meredith kercher , as the latest suspect arrested in the case awaits his extradition to italy .
one protester tried to snatch the torch from former blue peter host konnie huq .
blatter believes the fifa executive committee will oppose it .
chong wa dae said in a firm but cool headed tone that it would never tolerate a nuclear armed north korea , which trampled on the hopes of the international community to keep the korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons .
when women worry that their attractiveness is ending , they worry that their career is ending too , and quit .
ten carriages of one train reportedly toppled into a ditch in the pre dawn crash at zibo city , shandong province .
omx spokesman niclas lilja declined to comment on whether omx had been in talks with difc or whether it had been approached by the dubai group .
riyadh , saudi arabia cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said sunday that opec s members have expressed interest in converting their cash reserves into a currency other than the depreciating u . s . dollar , which he called a worthless piece of paper .
we have heard this foolish delusion before .
violators could face up to five years in prison .
a senior state department official said on april there is every expectation that the meeting in beijing will go ahead as planned .
the site of the fire was less than a mile from stratford international , a station serving the eurostar train .
his easygoing manner has also won over the media in comparison to the stonewall public relations efforts put forward by some of the other countries in the talks .
the ensuing criminal investigation led to the arrest of the perpetrator , appelhans added . the blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of .
japan becomes an unwelcomed guest as it mentions the abduction in the six party talk .
protests mark china envoy s taiwan trip
take avocados and peanuts , for example .
his mom was in labor for hours , but still got to see barack obama s victory speech .
the internet is a huge network of networks .
but aziz said it could be months before parliamentary elections scheduled for january will take place .
the korea times reports an arrest warrant is likely to be sought for year old former assistant professor shin jeong ah today over her alleged fabrication of academic credentials .
the companies say in a joint statement that it is more productive to accept the judge s rulings and set aside the remaining disagreements .
gay claimed his first world title in the second fastest time this year after his . seconds in june .
nearly all the confirmed deaths were in sichuan province , but rescuers could not immediately reach the epicenter of wenchuan , because roads linking it to the provincial capital , chengdu , were damaged , state run news agency xinhua reported .
however , despite adding experience in the form of captain william gallas , alex hleb and , from the bench cesc fabregas and togo frontman emmanuel adebayor , this proved one game too far for arsene wenger s emerging side , who nevertheless still have bigger prizes in their sights .
there were ups and downs with me and the manager at the time but he brought me back into the team and he had the belief in me to put me back in the team , beckham said .
it was the last dynasty of the old kingdom , which spanned the rd millennium b . c . and was the first peak of pharaonic civilization .
paul also died .
i feel good , he told abc news barbara walters . i had my checkups . . . and everything is right on track .
when the leader of their group , played by john legend , dies suddenly , the two make their way to harlem s apollo theater for a tribute .
if she wins , royal will become france s first woman president .
consumers are not only concerned about what s occurring today , but what s going to happen in the future , and i think that really is going to pose a bit of challengers to retailers for the holiday season .
the benchmark korea composite stock price index kospi jumped . points , or . percent , to , . .
he said it was unclear if the blast was detonated by the driver or a female passenger , but that preliminary information suggested it was the woman , who was wearing a burqa .
london , england cnn princess diana and her boyfriend dodi fayed had selected a ring because the couple intended to announce their engagement within a month , a jeweler testified monday .
the korea herald reports the government allocated bandwidth for portable internet services yesterday , saying it would be divided among the three companies that eventually secure licenses for the new business .
also hinting at such a military role was former defense minister raul baduel , who played a key role in turning back a coup attempt against chavez in but broke ranks last month over the proposed changes .
her eldest son could work , but she s too afraid for his life to let him go into the streets , preferring to sacrifice herself than risk her child .
the woman , also , was found with her throat cut four days later in the elevator of her apartment building in the eastern city of alicante , and died on monday .
the release of one of the most hotly awaited computer games in the past year has been delayed over concerns some of the background music may offend muslims .
the passenger list includes korean names along with three czech tourists .
, encompassing what is now north korea , part of south korea and the northeastern chinese region of manchuria .
sen . clinton announced while we were still in iowa that this was going to be her strategy and called it the fun part of campaigning . i don t think it s the fun part to fudge the truth , he said .
the country s longest hostage crisis is not receiving enough government support , complain family members of south korean sailors who were kidnapped by somali pirates off the coast of africa in may .
extra beds crowd hospital corridors to deal with sick , feverish and in some cases dying children .
the army said in a statement that the country on saturday fired an air launched cruise missile called hatf , or ra ad which means thunder in arabic .
one of the japanese wept as sunni clerics tried to comfort her after securing their release .
while south korea has recently owned up to what it says was unauthorized dabbling in plutonium extraction and uranium enrichment by a group of scientists , the revelations on uranium metal production were new .
geithner s nomination to be treasury secretary , the top economic post in the cabinet , will also be officially announced at monday s event , the sources said .
us president george w bush said he stood with the iraqi government .
he was on the cbs early show .
in its recent edition , the economist said that turkey and romania have pursued a redenomination and countries with low currency value are rapidly disappearing .
playing on the fear factor , us vice president dick cheney suggested in a campaign speech there might be another terrorist attack on the united states if john kerry were in the white house .
quarantine officials destroyed , chickens , ducks , pheasants and turkeys raised in farms , restaurants , schools and homes in the capital , said kim yoon kyu , a seoul metropolitan government official .
and as taken for granted
it is obvious that this bomb , at the moment it was launched , obviously would be destroyed immediately , he said .
it says the report is a valuable guide for future international health programs , policies and financing .
this comes despite a pledge by the authorities to clean up the air .
in response , the consortium has raised its bid to , won , hanaro said , adding that if the offer was accepted , aig would become the largest shareholder in the company .
he was arrested at the scene .
bell also told lawmakers in washington that he remained wary of north korea s intentions , despite the north s recent agreement to begin dismantling its nuclear weapons programs in return for aid .
michael ray aquino , a co conspirator , was sentenced by walls on tuesday to six years in prison .
electrical signals , for instance , or glucose levels .
the gay rights movement s most critical accomplishment , the film suggests , is how it liberated gays to be themselves .
hundreds of flag waving chinese students gathered at the starting and ending points of the olympic torch relay in kuala lumpur monday , far outnumbering the handful of people who carried pro tibet signs .
the comics with playfully drawn figures have sought to explain european countries , the u . s . , japan and even korea itself .
ahead of the crucial meeting , deputy prime minister kwon o kyu said he is neither optimistic nor pessimistic over the deal .
the nis report said that there was physical evidence to support the possibility that , up to a certain point , the plan had been pursued as an assassination .
before she goes to bed at p . m . , she likes to exercise , do a little shopping , and have dinner with her husband .
we re only asked one question to this government
however , yahoo added that companies operating in china must comply with chinese law or risk having their employees face civil or criminal penalties .
both leaders agreed that in negotiations for the release , there should be no quid pro quo for the hostages , reuters quoted white house spokesman gordon johndroe as saying after the two leaders wound up the two day summit at camp david .
richard attenborough did a sturdy take on gwenn s character in a remake , while ed asner played an endearingly wayworn santa in will ferrell s comedy elf .
but senior administration officials acknowledged their goal is not solely to get china s attention but also to show congress they are getting tough on the trade front , where u . s . jobs are shaping up as a major issue .
seoul national university professor hwang woo suk wednesday said that he would resume his controversial cloning research with human stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
swayze , , has been undergoing treatment for pancreatic cancer , his representative annett wolf said wednesday .
rub the muscle between your thumb and your forefinger for three to five minutes
only practicing physicians in training were allowed to leave the building , she said , along with students who had signed a statement saying they were responsible for their own safety and had received approval from university officials .
he also has two sisters in the united states and three in south korea .
as aftershocks continued , forecasts for wet weather raised fears of mudslides that could add to the devastation .
wen also sought to reassure foreign investors by saying private and public companies would receive identical treatment by the government .
a planned mile relay of the olympic torch sunday in london quickly turned into a dramatic scene of widespread protests , as thousands took to the streets to demonstrate against china s actions in tibet .
it was the first marriage for stringfield , , a writer and former staffer for the new yorker magazine .
new congress , new work on stimulating the economy , starting today .
after he stepped off the plane , benedict did not kiss the ground , as his predecessor , pope john paul ii , often did during visits .
on one hand , hd s low production costs make the films easier to budget
south korea condemned nk s announcement of its first ever nuclear test yesterday , saying it supports international efforts to discuss the issue immediately at the united nations security council .
half of the seats in the house of councillors were being contested .
authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century .
earlier saturday , the panel of the north carolina state bar concluded that durham county , north carolina , district attorney mike nifong violated more than a dozen ethics rules in prosecuting the case against the now exonerated players .
the korea times reported korea was also the world s leader in high speed internet penetration , textile exports and the production of thin film transistor liquid crystal displays and code division multiple access products .
the united states wants the yuan to appreciate faster , and some american lawmakers are calling for punitive tariffs on chinese imports .
who has done this and why it was done is obvious . who made this tape is not important any more , he told the associated press .
un secretary general kofi annan welcomed what he called an historic resolution . . . that gives the united nations a much needed chance to make a new beginning in its work for human rights around the world .
in february , moore took about ailing workers from the ground zero rescue effort in manhattan for treatment in cuba , said a person working with the filmmaker on the release of sicko .
what is really important after that is to go through a process of re establishing links with the population , with the people who have been affected .
south korean authorities advised parents to keep younger children at home to avoid the dust .
clashes between tibetan protesters and police in aba , sichuan province , saw a police station and cars attacked .
the percent to percent annual interest on the principle would cover costs to hire wildlife biologists , buy radio collars used to track bear and wolf movements and other expenses .
she called the princess a whore and she said that she was messing around with effing muslim men and she was disgraceful and said some very nasty things , burrell said .
in this first of three red state rallies in nevada , colorado and missouri , obama s arguing it s time for a clean break from what he calls failed policies of a republican white house , and john mccain is not the man to bring that change .
sk telecom climbed percent .
no transformation was necessary .
they will announce a new name within a week and hope to have the product back on store shelves within a few weeks .
the korea times reports the international atomic energy agency has been investigating a secret nuclear fuel experiment conducted by a few south korean scientists in .
it is a story for children , which explains the wonders of the universe , she said .
traders are back at it on the floor of the new york stock exchange .
the elephants had been performing seven times a day , just hours after being transfered from songdo resort in incheon .
u . s . stocks have tumbled in so far on growing fears that the credit and housing market crises will send the economy into recession , if it s not already there .
the grief stricken crowd spilled outside the school and onto the surrounding streets .
record and drop are no longer words that make jaws drop , not in this economy and we ve got a story that puts them together again this morning .
a travel ban was dropped from the initial resolution because of moscow s opposition , so tough negotiations are expected .
while gallup polling goes back to the s , it wasn t until the truman years that they began surveying monthly approval ratings .
meanwhile , the un envoy to burma , ibrahim gambari , said he had been invited back to the country in mid november .
the decade long economic boom drove many to work harder to take advantage of the good times , but even as the boom stalls , few experts expect the pressures and expectations on workers to ease .
south korea will not scrap the plan to resume imports of u . s . beef this year , despite the third case of mad cow disease reported in the u . s .
table
to see black bears and grizzlies , head to knight inlet , northwest of vancouver .
farrell said their correspondence related to their shared interest in certain video games , web sites and online videos .
george tried to protect us by barking and rushing at them , but they started to bite him one on the head and the other on the back , rosewarne said . we ran off crying and some people saw what was happening and rescued george .
his move comes after fresh violence and looting hit the capital , dili .
ferrer made a better start to the second , saving four break points in a close fought fifth game and later earning two set points on nadal s serve and taking the second as his rival flighted a forehand long .
i m sorry , and i did not do it on purpose at all , she told the judge before he announced the sentence .
i think he s a transformational figure .
to endorse the creation of a new middle east development bank .
on the one year anniversary of the dow s all time high of above , , the index closed about percent down at about , .
it s different , it s close , and there s more nature than you can find in the city , said austin , , of boston .
that was when the us deployed an extra , troops in violence hit areas the so called troop surge .
south korea also condemned the move , saying it would not tolerate nuclear arms on its northern neighbor s soil .
one factor certain to drive the fashion crazy towards space concepts is the super wealthy space tourists reportedly paying a minimum price of , per seat who are set to make trips into orbit an everyday occurrence for those with deep pockets .
the chinese authorities have deployed , soldiers for rescue operations in fujian and zhejiang provinces .
hours before the president s comments , the presidential office released a statement accusing tokyo of trying to bolster its military leverage in northeast asia by capitalizing on the latest missile crisis triggered by north korea .
bush said he was making a limited disclosure of the cia program because interrogation of the men it held was now complete and because a us supreme court decision had stopped the use of military commissions for trials .
ninety eight nicaraguans were killed , abelino cox told the ap .
the two projects are flagships of the two koreas business cooperation .
the german warship emden was in the area monday when it received a distress call from the tanker takayama , said frigate captain roland vogler wander , a spokesman for the german armed forces in potsdam , germany .
it s a race against time , said philippines sen . richard gordon , head of the philippines red cross .
per visit saturday , and lines of cars formed beside some pumps .
the u . s . citizen went missing more than a week ago and hasn t been in touch with his family or employer , the state department said .
li was speaking at a news conference ahead of the congress , which opens in the capital , beijing , today .
even in the best case , he predicts a substantial slowdown in the us , with repercussions across the globe .
if all goes as planned a big if , considering only five of the world s attempts to land on mars have succeeded the spacecraft will set down on the martian arctic plains on may , .
final ballots were mailed wednesday to the , voting members of the academy .
they also reported more than percent of the roads in the town were damaged , and almost all bridges had collapsed .
some argue that bankruptcy judges will be able to force the automakers to shed brands and dealerships as well as get the big three out of labor contracts they can not afford .
in the small building , a boardroom table half of it in north korea and half in the south was bare , except for a small u . n . flag .
the bank has denied any wrongdoing .
the other military services have their own online spots , from twitter to youtube to blogs .
you won t find the base on any map , but you will find it in these old satellite pictures we discovered , taken by both the soviets and the u . s . government .
nominations for the th academy awards were announced last week .
they re the most improved airline from last year to this year .
does the korean government dump such a good chance ?
the year old majorcan had problems with his right knee earlier in the tournament which almost forced his withdrawal . he was again wearing strapping on sunday but showed no obvious signs of discomfort during the match .
the burmese army is forcibly recruiting children to cover gaps left by a lack of adult recruits , says a report by a us based human rights organisation .
blair spoke at his parliamentary constituency in northeast england and said he would tender his resignation to queen elizabeth on june . he later returned to london .
in march , francis was negotiating to pay dupre million to appear in the girls gone wild magazine and on the company s touring bus .
the findings go against the traditional view of romance
acute gum disease increases the amount of hs crp in the bloodstream , which is a natural response to inflammation caused by injury or infection .
authorities did not immediately identify the other children , ages , and .
in september , north korea committed to abandoning its nuclear program in exchange for aid and security guarantees .
a self described people watcher , depp says he s learned to enter restaurants through the kitchen and hotels through the parking garage .
it would average about miles per gallon , he told ap .
crowds have reached , people or more in the past .
the ramen bowl experiment included a string of noodles that measured , of an inch in length .
the helicopter fired on the structure , killing five military aged men and six civilians .
geithner tells a meeting of independent community bankers that banks with less than million in assets will have months to apply for the funds .
male postpartum depression is different from the daddy blues , he said .
the tanker s owner said no one on board suffered injuries in the attack , which yemen s state news agency , saba , blamed on somali pirates .
preliminary hearings began in january , and baker is , for now , the only person hearing evidence .
that chance to check in and connect with yourself will re energize you .
three people , including one u . s . service member , were killed tuesday in a barrage of up to mortars fired into the green zone in baghdad , u . s . military and state department officials said .
to phase out electric chair
she has five children , ages to .
eight million people are in urgent need of emergency aid that figure includes over two million who are displaced within the country , and more than two million refugees .
currently , apartments can be put up for bidding as soon as construction begins , allowing builders to fund works with the money prepaid by buyers .
in his homily , the pope recalled the image of the baby jesus in the manger , saying he was born for a humanity searching for freedom and peace .
no deaths have been officially been blamed on the outbreak , but the infection may have contributed to the death of a man in texas in his s , who also had cancer , the centers for disease control and prevention said .
ahead of the launch , yi told cheering russian and korean well wishers , including her family , that she felt great as she was escorted to the launch facility .
although exposure to the amoeba is usually fatal , sherin says a cocktail of drugs can fight the amoeba if administered in time . the key , he says , is identifying the amoeba early .
provisional results had given victory to the people power party ppp , with of the available seats .
the funds , which have been frozen at banco delta asia , will be used solely for the betterment of the north korean people , including for humanitarian and educational purposes , glaser said in a written statement from beijing .
you think you have stress ?
but the protest by about monks at the sacred jokhang temple showed that lhasa is anything but calm .
the talks come amid improving ties , with the north finally shutting down its yongbyon nuclear reactor last week .
john edwards said tests this week had shown his wife , elizabeth , had cancer in a rib on her right side .
the shooting occurred in a neighborhood where there have been regular clashes with police , but it immediately sparked clashes and riots in athens and thessaloniki , the country s second largest city .
historians have tended to write the spanish out of their history books or diminish their contributions . so americans have inherited that .
she and fourth husband harry helmsley owned such sumptuous properties as the palace hotel on madison avenue , a block from saint patrick s cathedral , the park lane and the new york helmsley .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice drew a distinction between the first day period , when she said nuclear activities will be suspended , and the later disablement phase .
bulgaria is not the only nation to suffer an unflattering depiction .
one possibility is to put up a lovers lamppost in a square near the bridge .
a senior aide to embattled world bank president paul wolfowitz has announced his resignation .
in a new book called the omega connection , stoll , an assistant professor of psychiatry at harvard argues that fish oils
israel is continuing to subject lebanon to strikes by land , sea and air , following the capture of two israeli soldiers by hezbollah militants .
triesman also called for a review of the fit and proper persons test that determines who may own english clubs .
bosnia s muslims and croats wanted to cut ties with belgrade , a move opposed by bosnian serbs .
south korea condemned friday the assassination of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto and extended condolences to the family of the deceased .
as some of his supporters get angrier , mccain is out with a new ad attacking obama in the sharpest terms yet , talking about the democrat s association with former s radical bill ayres .
free wi fi ?
richey plans to spend his first night of freedom playing video games and watching movies superman iii , harry potter and the order of the phoenix , and transformers said his brother , steve .
though witherspoon won the best actress academy award for walk the line , the dramatic turn she takes in rendition may surprise fans of the performer best known for breezy comedies such as the legally blonde flicks and sweet home alabama .
woods restricted himself to just nine holes again in practice on tuesday and has not even walked a full holes since the final round of the masters at augusta .
my position is that it would be difficult to hold an inter korean summit unless some sort of conclusion is reached at the six party talks .
the opposition socialists fared better than expected , the early results said .
the last meeting of the top two in the premier league is sure to be the clash of the round with both sides still in contention for the treble including the champions league .
clemens told reporters afterward that he was very thankful and very grateful for the chance to answer the allegations .
but reporters say chinese communist supporters heavily outnumber pro tibet protesters .
i am happy with the players , i think the performance was top , chelsea manager jose mourinho told sky sports .
the u . s . military said militants were among those killed .
lawmakers would then vote in july on whether to release this money on the basis of a report from bush on progress towards political , economic and security targets .
i said to her from the beginning , a big part of my goal was to help her make a record that she was proud of and represented who she is , and i think she felt that way at the end of the day .
with the recent flurry of rules to curb mortgage loans and absorb excess liquidity , market watchers are beginning to worry that many debt financed households could become insolvent .
to soften the blow , the authorities have agreed to an amnesty over the new year holiday and will not fully enforce the new arrangements until wednesday .
the government continued to monitor , harass , detain , arrest , and imprison journalists , internet writers , and bloggers .
the introduction of the electronic system for travel authorization esta means visitors from vwp countries
kosovo cannot be seen as a precedent for any other situation in the world today .
first lady laura bush introduced his tribute from the stage , and president bush was seen bobbing his head to the music , one of the few times he appeared animated at last night s gala .
seoul s proposal for a peace regime is expected to include a peace treaty , which will replace the armistice signed at the end of the korean war .
his younger brother shahbaz sharif , who was chief minister , or top executive , of punjab province , is charged with ordering police to kill five men in lahore in .
happiness is linked to such words as happen and happenstance .
on tuesday , lee and park made it clear they will not back down over the primary rules .
education ministry officials and the blue house met for nine hours yesterday as the president s office demanded that at least one law school be opened for each province and metropolitan city .
at all times he tried to do the right thing .
right in the solar plexus !
declaring a virtual war of diplomacy , president roh moo hyun criticized japan on wednesday for attempting to justify its colonial rule of the korean peninsula and claim territorial sovereignty over the tokto islets in the east sea .
valdivia awoke to find her family s hip high , inflatable , foot diameter swimming pool gone from her back yard wednesday .
monday s opening for business followed audits by the china banking regulatory commission .
we hope the police learn a lesson and respect the rights of women to go topless , rothman said .
hrw has urged the un security council to do more to punish burma over its alleged use of child soldiers .
shares of sun microsystems fell more than percent monday on news that ibm withdrew its acquisition offer over the weekend .
emi group has agreed to make its music catalogue available through apple inc . s itunes store without copy protection .
for a regulatory approval of its acquisition of keb , said hong young man , a spokesman of the financial supervisory commission .
a new poll finds more americans than not say the country s going in the right direction , but john boehner s got a different view
the ap s bryant thomas in washington reports there s no shortage of advice on how to rescue detroit
it s the only region where all kinds of tobacco leaves are produced the wrapper , binder and smooth smoking filler .
as proof of purchase , new property owners receive a silver tin containing a personalized lunar deed and a moon map with a tiny black x marking their tract s approximate location .
earlier wednesday , at least people were killed and others were wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded in a busy square in baghdad s karrada district , the interior ministry said .
the government of neighboring thailand said myanmar s leaders had already requested food , medical supplies and construction equipment , ap reported .
her kidneys were failing rapidly and no one in her family was a match . without hesitation , andersen said she would test for her .
people for the ethical treatment of animals peta said the money would go to the first scientist who could create and market such a meat by the summer of .
more brazilian homes have televisions than refrigerators , and most sets are tuned to the soaps between p . m . and .
all people aboard the continental airlines jet escaped saturday evening , and of the dozens who were taken to hospitals , five were still hospitalized sunday afternoon , said robert sumwalt , a national transportation safety board member leading the investigation team .
a rod said he made his decision after new york s loss to the los angeles angels in innings on saturday .
the force of the blow pushed the woman backward and she died when she hit her head on the boat deck , officials said .
inspectors from the united nation s nuclear watchdog arrived in seoul .
olmert and abbas said they would tell negotiating teams to conduct direct and ongoing negotiations on all final status and core issues , the prime minister s office said .
investigators seized documents and the private computer of kim jung hoe , the deputy governor of the financial supervisory service .
the strong reduction in just one year certainly raises flags that the ice in summer may disappear much sooner than expected , pedersen said in an esa statement posted on its web site friday , according to ap .
air force gen . gene renuart , who heads of u . s . northern command , told the associated press on tuesday that the size of the satellite suggests that some number of pieces will not burn up as the orbiting vehicle re enters the earth s atmosphere and will hit the ground .
. i don t know anything about the company .
her ticket home , space shuttle endeavour , may get off the ground several weeks later than its originally scheduled june launch .
he and doerr gave barksdale an almost unheard of stake in netscape .
a new ap poll indicates that to , americans feel more optimistic about the future under obama .
south korea s entry into the vwp will allow its citizens to travel visa free to the u . s . , either for business or pleasure , for up to days .
government officials said they received a warning that the island of java was threatened by a tsunami following an underwater earthquake off the coast .
bush , , regularly exercises and is considered to be in excellent shape for a man his age .
we re talking suicidal thoughts here , we re not talking i m a little bit miserable , rowling said .
in one case , a person was fined , for having a second child , the highest amount ever in hubei , but has only paid , , the paper said .
public support for the striking workers was low , with recent polls suggesting a majority of french backed the government s firm stance in the face of the unions .
us ambassador to iraq zalmay khalilzad has said stabilizing the country is possible in a realistic time frame , despite ongoing sectarian violence .
the filmmakers behind shrek the third offered a sneak peek at their pdi dreamworks animation complex near san francisco .
the idf confirmed a strike thursday in beit hanoun , and said it was not an airstrike .
south korea ranked fourth in the number of deaths per , persons among the countries of the organization of economic cooperation and development trailing hungary , japan and finland .
undp chairman oh chung il said , lee has no qualification to be the president because he has suspicion after suspicion . oh urged lee to bring kim back to seoul so that he can reveal the truth .
elsewhere in northern iraq , a roadside bomb exploded near a minibus northeast of the diyala province city of baquba tuesday morning , killing three iraqis and wounding eight , police said .
this is a man who doesn t believe in democracy and freedom and peace , bush said .
without volunteers , researchers would need years to wade through the photographs , which were taken automatically by a massive digital camera mounted onto a telescope at the apache point observatory near sunspot , new mexico , nichol said .
several health centers in pisco were so damaged they could not operate , said dan epstein , a spokesman for the pan american health organization , based in washington .
the broader indices also rose , with the standard poor s index up . , or . percent , to , . , its first close over the , mark since oct . .
it also said regulators had clearly demonstrated that selling media software with windows had damaged rivals .
the nato led force has about , soldiers in afghanistan , and commanders have expressed confidence they are able to defeat any taliban military effort in the coming months .
putin replied by giving a short history of the deal and thanking shell for helping russia secure such a good agreement .
more than people have been killed in the violence that followed the election in which kibaki kept his post .
she unscrewed the door of her cheating ex s audi , inserted a marble in the frame , then screwed it back together .
nuclear negotiators at the six party talks struggle for the statement .
the illinois democrat set the previous record in january when he raised million .
the u . s . military death toll in the nearly two year old iraq war topped , on thursday , according to a count of casualty announcements made by the pentagon .
fujimori then was placed under house arrest in his home in the suburbs of the chilean capital , santiago , while awaiting a supreme court ruling .
about , kurds marched in frankfurt in solidarity with kinsmen in northern iraq and turkey .
democrats , including obama s rival for the nomination , sen . hillary clinton , condemned the president .
vice president dick cheney , on a trip to australia last week , was asked about iran s interference in iraq . it s been a problem , he responded .
critics contend japan plans to use the conference to push for a resumption of commercial whaling , and the boycotters only of iwc member nations are represented at the meeting included anti whaling countries britain , australia and the united states .
standard poor s reports home crisis tumbled a record . in the year ending in september .
demonstrators shouting
un secretary general ban ki moon has expressed concern at the lack of progress being made with the junta .
she returned to pakistan in october after president pervez musharraf signed an amnesty lifting corruption charges .
the karachi express was traveling from karachi to lahore , carrying more than , people when it derailed at about a . m . p . m . et tuesday near the town of sialabad , about miles km north of karachi , railway officials said .
they have since battled to win the backing of centrist voters who will hold the key on the may run off .
alexandra paressant made the allegations in an interview with celebrity gossip web site x .
in one sense , technology is a body of knowledge about how to do things .
this is in line with india s advocacy of greater movement across the loc , indian foreign ministry spokesman navtej sarna said .
they were trying to stop the speaker addressing the bill , and accuse the opposition of delaying the budget .
every year some two million people gather to watch as around mikoshi are paraded through the streets .
without defined eyebrows , a playful grin might be construed as an angry grimace , he said .
the first volume of three focusing on the united states was published in .
after the blast in samarra , gunmen stormed a sunni mosque in southwestern baghdad s bayaa area , a shiite neighborhood , an interior ministry official said .
are in the united states .
according to the probable cause statement filed with the charges , porter told investigators that he had planned to kill his children for at least a day before he picked them up from his estranged wife , tina porter
blatter then handed the world cup trophy to brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva , who flew in for the announcement .
the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners , comprised of around former inmates , has put out a report describing homosexual rape , electric shocks to the genitals and other abuse .
the korea times reports koreans are spending billions of dollars to educate their kids overseas and their expenditure is snowballing every year , while incoming foreign students and travelers are showing no signs of any marked growth .
many companies use authentication codes printed on cd cases of programs like adobe photoshop and microsoft office but software pirates find them on illegal web sites .
sayed alami balkhi , a lawmaker from the northern province of balkh , said the speaker of the upper house had sent the lower house a letter sunday , saying joya had humiliated and attacked both houses .
montenegrin interior minister jusuf kalamperovic told reporters in podgorica that the accident was caused by a failure in the braking system .
near flawless tennis in the opening two sets , finding the corners with precision and hitting fine volleys at the net while nadal struggled to settle after his marathon match with robin soderling in the previous round .
a new drugstore in northern virginia has gotten a blessing from the catholic church because it refuses to provide any contraceptives .
proceeds will go to the collinsville christian academy , which was damaged by a fire this week .
he said thursday that australia also was considering increasing its contingent of troops in afghanistan .
prime minister lee said the japanese don t reflect on any wrong doings .
it is not clear when the tape was made .
police arrested the attacker , he said .
it is set to open in seoul at the same time .
unless more is done to tackle growing extremism in countries including pakistan , afghanistan could once again fall into terrorist hands with dire consequence for the region and the world , the country s president warned friday .
after the close tuesday , intel intc , fortune reported quarterly results and an outlook that disappointed investors , sending shares of the chipmaker tumbling in after hours trade .
the theory has had an enormous impact on society
the hanover shot stopper will be out for several weeks and will miss saturday s group four game in dortmund against russia as well as the match with wales in moenchegladbach next week .
authorities are still in the process of identifying the officers on the tape , he said , and have sent the video to be enhanced . we re going to continue our investigation , he said .
the boys now men , of course got back together and within months
but over time , the germs developed resistance and took their toll .
klaus wowereit has written a letter to the wax museum s curators urging them to consider carefully whether to include the nazi dictator and , if they still do , to be careful how they present him , spokesman guenter kolodziej said monday .
locke said new zealand and belgium were the only nations attempting to curb political comment by athletes .
russians are paying their final respects to boris yeltsin as the body of the country s first democratic president was placed in a moscow cathedral to lie in state ahead of his funeral on wednesday .
on friday , carter will go to syria , where he plans to meet with hamas exiled political leader , khalid meshaal .
the rest of the prisoners were rounded up
we do not have any plans on the table right now to commercialize mr . hotz discovery , daidone said in a statement .
the minister said he learned three or four months after the bali nightclub bombings that his friend had been given prior warning not to travel to central bali , site of the terrorist attacks that killed more than people mostly westerners .
in , the nevada based entrepreneur claimed ownership of the moon after finding what he calls a loophole in the united nations outer space treaty , which forbids countries from owning the moon but , according to hope , does not forbid individuals from owning it .
the exact amount , the way will be decided in discussion with the palestinian president in egypt and afterward with the government , she said .
but the islamic fundamentalist movements continue to battle u . s . and allied troops and attack afghan schools and government installations in an ongoing insurgency .
the xiao is scheduled to launch in north america by april or may .
airbus is reviewing whether workers and suppliers are ready for the change , and whether the delivery schedule can be maintained , schaffrath said .
lee still faces allegations over an alleged fraud in , which he denies .
for example , vitamin d signals the intestines to absorb calcium from foods and to regulate its uptake by bone cells .
this will be the first visit of a peruvian head of state since the visit in of alberto fujimori .
his crude , sketched caricature shows the head of prophet mohammed on the body of a dog .
optimism at the visit has been dampened by reports that a planned trip by un nuclear inspectors may not go ahead .
the junta has confined suu kyi in her home for of the last years .
eardrum ruptures are considered the most common ear injury in lightning strike victims , occurring in percent to percent of patients , according to various estimates whether or not an electronic device is involved .
sharif called it the saddest day in pakistan s history . something unthinkable has happened , he said .
hicks , whose case has drawn international attention , is a former kangaroo skinner captured in afghanistan in december .
the ioc is not in a position to accept our application , said wangpo tethong , a president of the tibetan group .
u was pretty big in the boston area before it became big everywhere else .
sen . tim johnson , d south dakota , who is recovering from a brain hemorrhage , also didn t vote .
our concern is not with tobacco but with the power of government to undermine the first amendment rights of business .
written and reviewed by more than , scientists from dozens of countries , it still must be edited by government officials .
all told , the automakers are looking for billion in loans .
that was caused in part by u . s . banks making mortgage loans to americans with poor credit histories .
hundreds of troops and security services have deployed to prevent looting and help with recovery operations .
a knowledgeable u . s . official told cnn that bandar s comments should be taken with a grain of salt .
yet mehta has another solution for india s chronic electricity shortage , one that does not involve power plants on the ground but instead massive sun gathering satellites in geosynchronous orbits , miles in the sky .
encouragement and advice around the clock .
that site was temporarily inaccessible thursday .
the clinic , supplemented by two mobile clinics , teaches farmers how to shoe the donkeys and also trains veterinarians on proper treatment so they can practice it countrywide .
homeowner michael hall and his girlfriend , michaelene buddy , are angry that jets have been flying over their house since last month , when the federal aviation administration altered departures heading out of philadelphia . hall says he has to sleep with earplugs .
the bitten off chunk of the telltale sausage was discovered at a building that had been broken in to in the southern city of darmstadt in april , police said thursday .
he also met twice with detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
the united states , threatening war to topple president saddam hussein because it believes he has weapons of mass destruction , says it wants his regime replaced by democracy .
nearly double the previous high of . percent in january , according to a report from the ministry of economy , trade and industry .
lopez s manager , simon fields , confirmed the babies names to people magazine on friday .
derek jeter hit a two run homer , andy phillips snapped an eighth inning tie with an rbi single and new york moved above . for the first time since june .
they were to have been protected by a cordon of riot police , armed with batons and shields . . . the police , however , themselves demoralized after being accused of causing the deaths of two farmers during violent protests in seoul last november , and were unable to keep the protesters away from the troops .
a hospital has raised questions over the accuracy of the story , and clinton s campaign has said although they had no reason to doubt the story , they were unable to confirm the details .
secretary of state condoleezza rice and defense secretary robert gates went to moscow , russia
speaking in new york , sen . hillary clinton , congratulated obama for his campaign , but she did not concede the race nor discuss the possibility of running as vice president .
gasoline supplies rose by . million barrels , significantly more than the , barrel rise that analysts had forecast .
now might have new meaning .
the british single , british breakthrough act and british live act prizes are decided by public phone or online voting .
before middle aged men started singing viva viagra in tv ads , before former sen . bob dole appeared in its commercials in the s , before the blue pill with a funny name entered the public lexicon , impotence was hush hush .
the clinton official spoke on condition of anonymity because the figure was to be formally announced later in the day . the official said almost all the money raised in february was for the primary election .
yeltsin who had a history of heart trouble died of heart failure in hospital .
a witness , investment banker heiko thieme , said the explosion was like a volcano erupting .
foreign ministers from across latin america met thursday in a prelude to the presidential meetings scheduled for friday .
sumo january , may and september
good boss target setting
the shuttle atlantis astronauts are saying goodbye to the hubble space telescope .
peter crouch headed the only goal a minute before half time from a corner by david beckham , who lasted minutes of his comeback appearance from a knee injury .
military officials said davis was an year navy veteran and a member of the blue angels for nearly two years .
with a vote in favor and four abstentions , lawmakers present at the wednesday session of the seat parliament approved that producers of pornographic works and main elements in their production are considered corrupter of the world and could be sentenced to punishment as corrupter of the world .
the airline must return the money by the end of the year , the official said .
musharraf struck back in an interview in the new york times tuesday , saying bhutto had no right to ask him to step down .
william balfour s myspace page states that he is married to hudson s sister julia and has a stepson .
in addition to singapore airlines , airbus will also supply customers including british airways , virgin , emirates and lufthansa with orders totaling aircraft .
obama said clinton could win , too .
but she also reasoned you cannot make a relationship by being arm candy .
top seed nikolay davydenko defeated frenchman jo wilfried tsonga on tuesday to advance to the second round of the kremlin cup in moscow .
a list of construction workers building the white house in includes five slaves named tom , peter , ben , harry and daniel
sen . norm coleman of minnesota , who is up for re election in and is facing tough criticism for his continued support of the iraq war , said after the meeting with hadley that i don t think any votes or minds were changed in there .
the letters contained a message of anger concerning the banking situation , the law enforcement official said .
eads said its power restructuring plan , which includes , job cuts , was progressing .
trio statisticians actually studied the likelihood of one vote winning a statewide tally , tipping the electoral college scales if they were of any given candidate .
the bank said it is small , family owned , and didn t have the technology to check big batches of u . s . currency for fake bills .
the peak of the next sunspot cycle is expected in late or mid potentially affecting airline flights , communications satellites and electrical transmissions .
the house rejected the original bill on monday , sending stocks tumbling around the world .
chang added that ma gave contradictory explanations to officials investigating how the money was handled .
it is the principle of the troika to be prepared to endorse any agreement which both parties manage to achieve . that includes all options , the european union s envoy on the troika , wolfgang ischinger , told a news conference sunday .
the pinched nerves led the first lady s doctors to recommend
ukraine is in obvious breach of obligations as a transit country , gazprom s deputy chief executive , alexander medvedev , said .
two members of the couch surprised young viewers and a studio audience watching saturday s mbc music show broadcast by suddenly dropping their trousers and exposing their genitals .
but its ambassador said libya s past ordeal under u . n . sanctions puts it in a very difficult position when we speak about imposing sanctions against another country .
we are disappointed that michael vick has put himself in a position where a federal grand jury has returned an indictment against him , said spokesman brian mccarthy . we will continue to closely monitor developments in this case and to cooperate with law enforcement authorities .
that section of the autobahn has been closed in both directions .
the ps still costs twice that of nintendo s wii console , whose price and motion sensing controller have made it a best seller despite its lack of cutting edge graphics and hard disk .
currently , those who wish to buy houses abroad have to rely on mortgages provided by financial institutions in the country where they will be making the investment since korean financial firms have not taken overseas real estate as collateral for housing loans .
admission to the movie will be free .
i walked on the beach .
one crew member was killed shortly after the hijacking .
they also patrolled the western town of kisumu , in the rift valley , where many shops were closed in anticipation of violence .
cnn a man who fled the united states for his native england after his wife and daughter were killed was found guilty of their murders wednesday .
united states coach greg ryan said it was a very tough call . abby is such an important player to this team
if we offer the right aid , the solutions will come , ban said at the opening of a a five day u . n . conference on trade and development in ghana s capital , accra .
russian president vladimir putin is known for his political maneuvers .
the transport problems also led to temporary fuel shortages in the region because supplies got stuck at the port in mombasa .
as choi put it after his conquest in the compaq i believe my victory will motivate the next generation of south korean golfers and challenge them to come to the united states and try out for the pga tour .
meanwhile , two republican sources told cnn that california gov . arnold schwarzenegger is in discussions about endorsing mccain .
she chose the rai state television talk show , che tempo che fa , conducted by a longtime friend of the family , to speak publicly for the first time since the september death of the great italian tenor .
south korea and u . s agreed in principle to set up regular foreign ministers meetings .
conference board research director lynn franco says people don t have much cheer heading into the holidays .
but mrs middleton was said to have committed the ultimate faux pas when invited last december to attend william s graduation ceremony at the elite sandhurst military academy .
kang was questioned last year in an alleged influence peddling case involving the ju group , the nation s largest multi level marketing firm .
any surprises in the report are more the result of false expectations as opposed to anything truly remarkable in the data , said tim evans , an analyst at citigroup inc . in new york , who added that crude inventories often fall this time of year , while distillate and gasoline supplies typically increase .
president supports for prof .
it was not immediately clear how al arabiya got its copy .
jett travolta was taken by ambulance to rand memorial hospital in freeport and was pronounced dead on arrival , police said .
at least people have died after a budget airliner crashed after landing in heavy rain at the thai holiday resort of phuket , officials say .
israel radio says , the u . s . also sends specialists to operate it .
al masri was considered an explosives expert and one of the terrorist network s top figures , with close ties to osama bin laden and his deputy , ayman al zawahiri .
stocks were up a little in early trading on the news , but they re down just a tad , now .
for the world to embrace cleaner energy resources , for a lasting peace in his adopted home , sri lanka , and for evidence of extraterrestrial beings .
dancing lights draw thousands to frozen north
in the visitors book at the man and symbol exhibit , one person mused
but earlier this year the government announced a ban on names using arabic numerals , foreign languages and symbols that do not belong to chinese minority languages .
the lower income taxes are expected to benefit up to million salaried workers and million self employed . the south korean government plans to scrap its special sales taxes on high end goods as early as this month as a step to stimulate domestic consumption .
nepalese soldiers , police officers and civilians were involved in the rescue effort , which was hampered by darkness and the remoteness of the location .
a revised agreement between seoul and washington was confirmed on saturday after a series of negotiations .
the israeli army has said that if no one attacks them , they won t attack for approximately three hours in the afternoon , and during that period , a movement can be allowed .
the last soldier to see army ranger pat tillman alive , spc . bryan o neal , told lawmakers that he was warned by superiors not to divulge especially to the tillman family that a fellow soldier killed tillman .
she said americans should do the same .
one news agency , noting its inch thick doors , says the limo can withstand a direct hit from an asteroid .
police say they are looking into whether the accused gunman may have been trying to get another woman who works at the nursing home .
the campaign is geared toward young people and the effects of advertising on tobacco use , citing statistics that show most smokers start before years old , some reported as young as years old .
with a history of civil liberty abuses and cover ups , this administration has squandered our trust , said senator leahy .
i really don t know .
obama took an overwhelming percent of the black vote in north carolina , according to exit polls , while clinton claimed only percent .
the explosion in the southern turkish city of diyarbakir killed at least four people thursday .
you can t guarantee that the lights will be visible because it s a natural phenomenon .
the current controversy erupted last week after roh admitted that the nll was not a territorial border but a one sided military division that had been imposed on korea .
pyongyang has already pledged to abandon its nuclear weapons in an earlier round of the talks .
with more than homes totally destroyed in kashiwazaki alone , it was unclear when people could go home and worries were mounting about the health of evacuees , many of whom are elderly .
the children were so distressed and time and time again were . . . pushed back into the ring to keep fighting each other when they clearly didn t want to .
she plans on going back west of the mississippi to stanford when she s completed her work as secretary of state .
he also took aim at mccain s economic philosophy , saying , george bush may not be on the ballot this fall , but his tax cut and his economic policies are ,
a helicopter airlifted five people to safety on monday from the village of prasidaki in southern greece , said fire department spokesman yiannis stamoulis .
we look forward to the day when we can end the korean war .
but yoo said he had hardly changed his view on dress code .
the issue of athletes boycotting the opening ceremony or the games is not being talked about in france .
and one economist says the economy got weaker as the th quarter rolled on .
we arrested the same blind man driving his car again on saturday in the town of torvandi , near tartu in southern estonia , said marge kohtla , a spokeswoman for tartu police district .
he said he felt shaking for almost a minute .
nearly people have been killed in a wave of attacks on buses , train stations and other public places since the start of the year .
later , people were allowed to remove their vehicles after an inspection , absher said .
the future doesn t belong to fear
officials said the girl frequently asked for fruits and sweets , which was sent to her with the help of a rope .
there was so much sand dumped here that no one had any idea there was something buried underneath , said hawass .
speaking after the first of two days of talks his advisers say may herald a crucial reassessment of the war , bush also said us troops would stay in iraq for the immediate future .
authorities in southern california say they are still trying to figure out the motive in a shooting at a korean religious retreat that left one person dead , and four others injured , including the alleged gunman .
it is an extreme shock to this community , rodriguez told radio station knx am .
now economists are concluding that even percent economic growth may be impossible to achieve .
while thousands of tourists flew home , nicola madden greig , spokeswoman for the jamaica hotel association , said many tourists either had been unable to get a flight or had opted to ride it out in montego bay hotels .
they re not doing it for the nostalgia .
china has defended the test as peaceful , and said it presents no country with a threat .
north korea s military program is a major source of international concern . thursday s suspected test off the west coast may have been carried out after a similar test failed on may th , when the north test fired missiles off the east coast , a south korean official was quoted as saying earlier .
one of the babies died .
henderson added that john darwin was fit and well .
the withdrawal of the sunni bloc would unravel months of efforts to foster political participation by sunnis in iraq s government . it also would further weaken al maliki just weeks after shiite cabinet ministers allied with shiite cleric muqtada al sadr bolted from the government .
elspeth ritchie , the psychiatry consultant to the army surgeon general , has said that officials found failed personal relationships , legal and financial problems and the stress of their jobs have been main factors in soldiers suicides .
but our mark smith reports the democrat is trying hard not to seem overconfident .
a policeman was electrocuted when he stepped on a severed electrical wire .
the company said the sales growth is attributed in part to the government s plans to increase the upper limit for engine displacement for city cars for which the government provides tax benefits including the morning model in the city car segment .
it is they first time makers of so called spyware programs have been prosecuted in the nation .
hamas and islamic jihad claim to have ambushed israeli troops in a gaza city suburb .
we certainly are concerned about what we saw on the tape , police commissioner charles ramsey told reporters wednesday afternoon .
the seoul metropolitan government has opened up a new one stop service center to provide help to foreign nationals .
it may sound like good news to consumers , but prolonged price drops leading to deflation , can drag the economy into a deeper recession .
one week after vowing to crack down on tax defiers , the justice department filed court papers seeking the maximum penalty for the three misdemeanor counts on which snipes was convicted .
at first we were very perplexed , but we subsequently looked for more information about cholla on the web and the jury decided to accept his application by considering his prestige in the usa .
coast guard boats and helicopters are still searching the waters off the caribbean resort of cancun .
a moscow court began trying a supermarket porter who prosecutors say murdered people over a year period , which would make him russia s worst serial killer in a decade .
in one corner , an arabian sheikh .
brazil had tallied deaths , the country s ministry of health said .
he is believed to have pulled the trigger with the rifle pointed at his chin , he said .
rice and the iranian said hello , that s about it , said state department spokesman sean mccormack , although both american and iranian officials had earlier spoken favorably of a possible meeting .
he proved that he , too , is a politician , and all politicians are corrupt in this country , said one seoul resident , kang byung kyu , .
men with medical conditions such as diabetes , prostate cancer , hyper cholesterol , endocrinological and cardiovascular problems weren t able to enjoy sex , goldstein said .
while goalkeeper edwin van der sar knocked away kim kallstrom s fierce shot in the th , united stamped their authority on the first half .
though cnn calculations estimate that huckabee would need to snare hundreds more delegates to catch mccain , the democrats are in a much tighter race .
media reports have said clinton and her campaign have been quietly courting support , chiefly from democratic superdelegates who could decide a close race at the party s convention , by arguing that obama is not electable .
all this is a fresh battle , and fresh fire rage at the luxury taj mahal hotel in mumbai .
the seasonally adjusted output fell . percent from a month earlier , reversing a . percent gain the previous month , hit by autoworkers strikes and a longer than expected rainy season .
thousands of blankets , tents and food units were being handed out in ghardaia , home to about , people .
the case , rejected on jurisdictional grounds , was appealed after a federal district court refused to issue a preliminary injunction clearing the way for the promotions .
erdogan told reporters his people are demanding action against the pkk , and that a solution to the border crisis must come in the shortest time possible .
uci chief mcquaid against sample retesting
the team photographed million stars in the large magellanic cloud nearly every night for the past two years .
stricker , the hometown favorite who played at illinois and grew up across the border in wisconsin , made four straight birdies through the th hole to become the first to reach under .
new york cnn relatives of september victims bowed their heads in silence tuesday to mark the moments exactly six years earlier when hijacked planes crashed into the world trade center , the pentagon and a pennsylvania field .
but state department spokesman sean mccormack , asked about new sanctions , offered no timetable .
according to the book contemporary black biography , she was adored in europe in the s as a cabaret singer .
the men belong to the hindu rights action force hindraf , which organized a mass rally last month alleging discrimination against ethnic indians .
atletico stay fifth , five points behind city rivals real , who were controversially beaten at sevilla on saturday night .
eighteen republican senators joined democrats last week in passing the legislation by a vote .
spokesman for palestinian president mahmoud abbas says the government is firmly opposed to israel s actions .
remnants of the khmer rouge continued to battle cambodia s government into the s before they fragmented in the middle of the decade .
flames shot feet in the air and the heat was intense enough to melt part of the freeway and cause the collapse , but the truck s driver walked away from the scene with second degree burns .
but the transition team has released off to school pictures of malia and sasha in jackets with backpacks as dad says goodbye at the hotel suite door .
a group of bodyguards from a private security service firm will be sent to the northern city of iraq as early as next week .
david dain smith lives in missouri , but his california winery is just a click away , waiting to spring to life in the dim glow of his computer screen .
remarks from iranian foreign ministry spokesman mohammad ali hosseini were reported tuesday by the islamic republic news agency and the iranian student news agency .
the treatment consisted of ibuprofen for one week , as well as complete abstinence from playing wii video games . the patient recovered fully .
other plunges will be made only after doctors and nurses who are accompanying the astrophysicist on the ride have made sure that he is enjoying it .
the minister made such remarks at a lunch meeting with reporters on the occasion of his days in office shortly after south korean troops and citizens in iraq have been told to maintain a high alert level following recent military operations launched by u . s . led multilateral forces to disrupt insurgents in fallujah and ramadi .
they reflect the common commitment of the participants to a korean peninsula that is free of nuclear weapons .
the operation is being conducted by specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics and plastic surgery .
the student declined to press charges and referred to cho s contact with her as annoying , flinchum said of the november investigation .
questions about pollution were answered by some with a shrug and the assurance that it s much better than it used to be .
morgan tsvangirai said his mdc party was approached by presidential envoys about a possible unity government the day after the disputed election .
belgian police are holding a year old man after a bloody rampage yesterday at a day care center , in which babies and a year old caregiver were stabbed to death .
or roughly the same journey to the south , where the picturesque city of prizren offers a glimpse of remarkably unspoiled and intact turkish baths and other ottoman empire architecture .
president bush won t listen to the more than leading organizations who support the bill including aarp , the american medical association and the american diabetes association , just to name a few , senate majority leader harry reid said .
the us house of representatives has overwhelmingly passed a motion condemning china s extreme response to protests in tibet .
the ppp is expected to lead the new pakistani government after gaining the most number of seats in parliamentary elections held february .
but the british department of environment , food and rural affairs said there is no reason for public health concern .
on monday a severed human leg was discovered in a small river in central tokyo .
the military reports at least people dead now , in a navy helicopter crash in mexican waters off san diego .
like tartan , bagpipes , and shortbread scotland s loch ness monster is as much an emblem as a tourist draw .
the game is a good and good looking action game .
the government s draft plan to reform universities will strengthen competitiveness , officials said .
the fast rise in popularity of ohmynews , and other online news services , is partly attributable to the percent penetration of homes with high speed broadband internet access connections more than anywhere else in the world .
barak is expected to replace deposed party leader amir peretz as defense minister in olmert s cabinet .
on thursday , an initial report from the interior ministry said bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck .
the national weather service received a p . m . report of a touchdown at the site .
the prosecution slapped . billion won . million in fines on the london based investment fund for the same offense .
the wives then acted as his messengers , telling their daughters to meet their father in his bedroom whenever he wanted sex over a period of months , according to the court papers ,
some , muslims have met in the indonesian capital , jakarta , to press for the re establishment of a caliphate across the muslim world .
to the government , they open the door to a dangerous world outside the communist party s control .
the philippine coast guard and navy frogmen are searching for survivors in manila bay two days after the crash , they had rescued passengers and found others who had died , navy officials said .
like little lights flopping around in the sky .
a short time after the explosion , lebanese security forces patrolled the streets as a large crowd gathered .
music on the cover of the rolling stones
the bbc reports the secretary general of burma s largest rebel group , the karen national union , has been killed .
jakarta governor sutiyoso , who was criticized when the city was flooded five years ago , blamed deforestation in puncak , saying it had destroyed water catchment areas .
mccain later said he agreed the democratic presidential contender should accompany him on an upcoming trip , adding that he would seize that opportunity to educate sen . obama along the way .
the us says the money is now available to north korea , but there has been no confirmation of this from pyongyang and saturday s deadline came and went with no official comment from the north .
following last week s unprecedented raid on the national intelligence service nis headquarters in seoul by the prosecution , prosecutors will call in former spy agency chief chun yong taek for questioning on tuesday .
the lake in beichuan county is the largest of several quake lakes created by the earthquake nearly three weeks ago .
merseyside chief constable bernard hogan howe said the boy , who lived nearby with his parents and year old brother , was an innocent victim .
los angeles county fire chief p . michael freeman said five single family home and two commercial buildings a glass company and malibu presbyterian church were destroyed in malibu .
she had an outstanding first set , kuznetsova , the us open champion , added . she played better .
she said cheetah s continued interaction with humans was delaying the social integration of the animal in the group , and isolating the ape from the others .
two discovery astronauts are set for the rd and final space walk of the current shuttle mission outside the international space station today .
his lawyer says the board will have to vote to sack him if it wants to get rid of him .
a stroll through the medieval center peels away the centuries .
other than the absence of swimsuits , there was nothing to distinguish it from a traditional beach
russia plans to pull out a total of some russians and citizens from former soviet republics .
london , england cnn details emerged sunday that the british royal family is at the center of an alleged blackmail plot .
rioters set ablaze at least cars , as well as a police station , library and car dealership in villiers le bel , police said .
but changes in currents and water temperature apparently confused the juvenile birds , who strayed too far north to the warm beaches of salvador , brazil , miles north of sao paulo , brazil . there was not much of a food supply . the birds were stranded and emaciated .
everybody needs to bite the big apple , the year old said with a smile .
security officials extinguished the torch at least three times due to the protests before it was carried on a bus to the relay s end point .
but wherever they kept it , it was in perfect shape .
critics also see the jet as an environmental concern at a time when the aviation industry is under pressure as one of the biggest producers of carbon dioxide , seen as a key factor in global warning .
they include the ministry of foreign affairs and trade , the ministry of unification , the ministry of national defense and the ministry of government administration and home affairs .
a us army soldier has pleaded guilty to raping a year old iraqi girl and helping murder her and her family .
bakhtiar was not immediately available for comment on sunday .
armstrong was diagnosed in with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain , lungs and abdomen .
baghdad , iraq cnn at least five u . s . soldiers on foot patrol were killed and three others wounded in a suicide bombing monday in baghdad , u . s . military officials in iraq said .
one of the most concerning aspects of recent data is evidence that , in some places , the arctic ocean is losing sea ice years ahead of current ipcc predictions .
figures published thursday showed industrial production in the u . s . suffered its sharpest fall in years last month and germany cut its growth forecast for by a percent to only . percent .
the vetoed bill proposed higher tobacco taxes to provide an extra bn to insure some million children .
new york cnn now that year old jamie lynn spears has a bun in the oven , the young actress and singer s budding career may be over before it had a chance to really take off .
and jeong jang both finished with s in the eight player shootout .
while meeting with a brass on troop reductions and the coming withdrawal from the cities
the us state department authorized the trip , despite deadlock on the issue of north korea s nuclear program .
remote sensing equipment has revealed what appears to be a foot high room above emperor qin shihuang s tomb near the ancient capital of xi an in shaanxi province , the official xinhua news agency reported sunday .
citing security concerns and technological limits , the pentagon has cut off access to those sites for personnel using the defense department s computer network .
the military elite fears his presidency will lead to a creeping subversion of the secular order .
from the great pyramids at giza on the outskirts of cairo to the carvings of ramses ii in the remote south .
paul gray , the revenue and customs chairman , has resigned over the error , which happened when officials sent the disks to a government audit office .
the answer a very powerful arab leader .
this agreement demonstrates both sides commitment to carry out the summit declaration , south korean unification minister lee jae joung said at the end of the three days of talks in seoul .
the network , believed to be funded by raghad hussein , has been linked to a series of attacks on coalition forces using rocket propelled grenades and roadside bombs , the military said .
but the roh administration made no such serious efforts , a foreign banker in seoul said .
secretary of state hillary clinton is on her way to egypt , her first stop at a trip to the middle east and parts of europe .
the bombing is reported to have targeted a kurdish funeral in the northern town of talafar , near mosul .
fond of promoting the endurance of freedom , president bush on sunday hailed the nation s humble beginnings as a reminder that new democracies require huge sacrifice .
the human toll is also devastating .
it is the first of nine missions that arianespace has arranged from this south american country to service the station over the next several years .
part of the point of the exhibit is to see the statues up close , boulton said .
the observers and opposition politicians said saturday s vote for the first handover of power from one civilian leader to another in africa s most populous nation and top oil producer was manipulated through violence and rigging .
the top military intelligence official is telling congress the use of roadside bombs in afghanistan more than doubled last year .
it is too early at this time to know the cause of the incident but singapore airlines will investigate this quickly , and is filing reports with the appropriate singapore authorities , the spokesman said .
the meteorological agency issued a tsunami warning urging an evacuation , but the alert was lifted after a centimeter inch wave hit the shore , causing no damage .
another people were missing .
bush offered singh support and assistance in restoring order to india .
such instances prompted human rights watch to issue a statement wednesday accusing militants of serious violations of international humanitarian law , in some cases amounting to war crimes .
two iraqi soldiers were also wounded in that saturday attack .
at a joint news conference with al maliki in baghdad s green zone , ahmadinejad did not hide his disdain for the united states and its leadership .
he faces felony charges of receiving money for causing a person to cohabitate , police said .
it s hard for me because i know what is ahead for them and i know how hard it is , he said .
sales for the final quarter rose to billion from . billion despite a fall in production .
the auc and aea baggage figures for showed that more than . million bags went missing among the airlines an average of . bags per , passengers .
the letter was to be published on monday in the guardian newspaper .
separately , the british ministry of defence announced that two british soldiers died saturday in a rocket attack in the southern helmand province .
south korea and the european union eu on wednesday launched full scale negotiations on tariff reductions in their free trade talks , a move seoul s chief negotiator says will help both sides wrap up the trade negotiations at an earlier date .
it has also given us everything from simple algebra to quantum physics and rocket science to binary code , the basic language of all modern computers .
the hollywood actress impressed festival organizers with her charity work and her appearance last year , and her comments came as a surprise , tang said .
i think that i am in a much stronger position to run against the republicans than she is , otherwise i wouldn t be running for president , obama said .
it would be made on behalf of the australian government and does not attribute guilt to the current generation of australian people , she said in a statement .
independent counsel robert ray s report concluded that the clintons mid s arkansas land venture benefited from criminal activity and that the president and his wife gave factually inaccurate testimony , but there was not enough evidence to prove the former first lady s family engaged in wrongdoing .
the pirbright site is home to merial animal health and the government run institute for animal health , which both use that strain of the foot and mouth virus for research and to develop vaccines .
results have improved under former wimbledon boss kinnear , who has been given a contract until the end of the season and will be looking for funds to strengthen the squad in the january transfer window .
the pentagon has issued warnings about china s growing might in recent years .
that s just the beginning of our efforts , he said at the white house . i think more needs to be done .
two people were killed days earlier in the bombing of a venerated muslim shrine in the neighboring state of rajasthan .
the majority of south koreans will soon be able to see detailed benefits from a free trade agreement fta with the united states , chief korean negotiator kim jong hoon said on monday .
insurgents linked to the islamic group have vowed to launch an iraq style guerrilla war .
all these economic reports are coming in just days before the nation picks the next president .
he also left voicemail for his mother , warren said .
u . s . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe called the expulsion of petrie , the u . n . s human rights representative , outrageous and noted it came the day before ibrahim gambari , the special u . n . envoy to myanmar , is scheduled to return to the
the abrupt mass layoff is the first of its kind , kang said .
we ll look at the highs scoring against greece , the lows being sent off during the world cup , the man .
davydenko , who was down a match point earlier in the tournament , stunned even himself by using the same racquet throughout the week .
the material was very hard and covered in oil and burnt hair , and it also had the remains of eyes and a nose , which led the administration to conclude it to be the head of a rat .
the saunier duval team were notified by the international cycling union uci that iban mayo had tested positive for epo following a test on july which was a rest day on the tour de france , read a statement on the team s website .
this will provide enough time to use the bathroom , gather possessions and acclimatize to the new day .
as the service began , sherpas laid tibetan prayer scarves on the coffin .
actor robert prosky who played the second role call sergeant on hill street blues , has died from complications of a heart procedure in washington , d . c .
the transport ministry said the plane arrived in okinawa from taipei at a . m . local time and stopped on the tarmac three minutes later to evacuate passengers .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
a fire has broken out at a nuclear plant in western japan , injuring two people but causing no radiation leak , officials say .
taliban militants in afghanistan have delivered a revised list of their comrades to be freed from prisons to the afghan government for a possible hostage for prisoner swap deal to end the prolonged ordeal of the south korean hostages , an afghan source said sunday .
the whole world uses it to write e mail , and translated into chinese it means love him , the father explained , according to the deputy chief of the state language commission li yuming .
the miss congeniality star told a court in the orange county city of westminster that the woman , identified as marcia diana valentine , had left the fronds , complete with weird signs , and pieces of animal fur in her yard on five occasions .
japan s nikkei index closed down almost , markets in europe have been following the lead .
as much as inches of snow has fallen in areas of northern and central iran since saturday , said meteorologist ali abedini .
those colonies later vanished as the climate cooled .
eighteen flights had been canceled by gmt wednesday stranding hundreds of passengers .
investigators are checking out gambling as the possible motivation for a boston medical student accused of targeting women who advertised erotic services on craigslist .
china s general administration of quality supervision inspection and quarantine posted on its web site the names of the affected korean food products .
chung mong joon of the ruling grand national party , who had aspirations to the presidency in but withdrew from the race at the last minute , said in an e mailed statement that he has decided to run in seoul s dongjak b district , where former unification minister chung dong young is standing as a candidate of the main opposition united democratic party udp .
the original agreement in the six party talks did not deal with proliferation .
foreign minister rais yatim had wanted the women to carry a letter from parents verifying the reason for the journey .
the popular anti wrinkle drug botox and a competitor have been linked to dangerous botulism symptoms in some users , cases so bad that a few children given the drugs for muscle spasms have died , the government warned friday .
the women wore uniforms of navy blue pants and light blue shirts and many donned navy blue headscarves , a sign of muslim modesty .
while the diversion was taking place , the defendants used lookouts to watch for law officers .
amid continuing reports of rising anti american sentiment in korea among the younger population and some liberal lawmakers , negative sentiment toward korea is also taking its toll in the united states .
and even though rice can legitimately be called upon to testify about the state department , her testimony may be restricted by white house regulations , a state department official said wednesday .
leaders from asian and pacific rim countries called for an early dismantlement of north korea s nuclear program at an international forum in hanoi on sunday .
the alligator latched on to burger s right forearm and pulled him in the pond , said gary morse , a spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission . burger used his left arm to beat the reptile until it freed him .
pbs was second with awards , including creative arts trophies .
after all , it is your money as a taxpayer .
we ve seen all the nations , united nations , rocking on the free world and that s good , that s great , de tonquedec said .
the owner of luscious garage is wondering whether the electric wall outlet will be the gas tank of the future .
consumer spending and business investment had also stalled , while residential investment continued to fall .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports south korea seems prepared to stand up to its half century military ally by asking america to delay planned changes in its military presence on the peninsula , despite apparent u . s . determination to drive through its forces reduction program .
the bancrofts , who control the shareholder vote of dow jones , said in a statement late thursday that after reviewing dow jones and the rapidly changing arena of business news and information in which it operates , the mission of dow jones may be better accomplished in combination or collaboration with another organization , which may include news corporation .
south korea will intensify screening of north korean defectors at its diplomatic missions abroad to thwart criminals entry and false defections , the ministry of unification said thursday .
the funding comprises million for non lethal training and equipment for abbas security forces and million for upgrades at the karni crossing into northern gaza , state department spokesman sean mccormack announced .
the picasso prints stolen were the painter and the model from and minotaur , drinker and women from , according to a statement from the s atilde o paulo secretary of state for culture , which oversees the museum .
the korea herald reports the center , occupying seven floors of a building near sindorim station on subway line no .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraq s prime minister sat down with jordanian leaders on thursday , the first day of his two day trip to the neighboring sunni arab nation , which buys oil from iraq and hosts hundreds of thousands of iraqi refugees .
no formal word yet of the charges , but one official tells the associated press that blagojevich was arrested on corruption charges , stemming from the selection of the successor to barack obama s senate seat .
oil prices surged past a barrel for the first time after the opec announcement and the release of a u . s . government report showing a surprise drop in crude oil stockpiles .
conservative frontrunner nicolas sarkozy and socialist segolene royal clashed over employment , the economy , the environment and law and order .
the seoul stock market plummeted tuesday , joining the global market collapse .
mcauliffe s mother , grace corrigan , watched the launch on tv from her home in massachusetts . i m very happy that it went up safely , she said .
and besides wearing peace pins , a few celebrities , susan sarandon and tim robbins among them , showed up in fuel efficient gasoline electric hybrid vehicles instead of limousines as a statement against u . s . dependence on overseas oil .
smoltz , who had season ending shoulder surgery on june , spoke tuesday while wearing a compression sleeve that keeps his arm a frigid degrees .
shiraz a historical city of more than million people is known for being home to many scholars , artists and poets , and for local craftsmanship of rugs and metalwork .
brussels , belgium belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt conceded defeat sunday on behalf of his coalition of liberals and socialists in general elections that saw the christian democrats translating eight years in opposition into major gains .
and the only programs available so far include just a few minutes of video from japan s northern island of hokkaido shots from the zoo , motorcycle races and other short scenes .
the overall figures are the sum of cuts planned by various universities in steps to reduce class size and meet other goals .
roco and other proponents say that , for instance , filter systems for drinking or waste water , natural gas pipelines and smokestacks can be designed at the molecular level , to remove even the most minuscule of impurities .
a japanese aquarium is celebrating a special new arrival this week a giant manta ray keepers say is the world s first ever born in captivity .
all of the bids should go before shareholders , and they should allow shareholders to decide in an environment of having as level a playing field as can be , fred goodwin , rbs s chief executive , told reporters on a conference call .
pwc s decision to withdraw the reports was influenced by the fact that some former shareholders and management of yukos are continuing to encourage others to rely on pwc s audit reports , the statement said .
most civic groups welcomed the court decision as progress in promoting gender equality .
the korea herald reports seoul city made its demand in a written opinion sent saturday to the constitutional court urging it to rule against roh s plan to move the nation s administrative capital from seoul .
south africa offers land , expertise and prey animals , so it facilitates the tiger re wilding in a much quicker and faster way , said li quan , founder of the charity save china s tigers .
but burma s military rulers have denied the claims .
aynsley green said about , of the devices are in use across england to split up gatherings of youth in areas such as parks and shops .
eight five people were killed and wounded when a van packed with explosives blew up outside the seven story center on july , .
but what is the story behind gamba osaka ?
recent events make clear that there are elements within and outside the country who wish to derail the ongoing process so that they can take advantage of the chaos that would follow , he said .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed maher , whose country does not border iraq , said egypt will not deploy its military there and hasn t heard that any arab country has volunteered to do so .
the gnp accused president roh of meddling in the election but his office said the move would relieve public suspicion and regain the prosecution s trust .
wall street interpreted bernanke s comments to mean that there is now an increased likelihood the fed will lower its key federal funds rate by a half percentage point , to . percent , at the conclusion of its two day meeting on jan . .
ronaldinho put the rossoneri ahead with a rd minute penalty , but collin benjamin equalised four minutes later .
london , england cnn princess diana s brother in law denied tuesday during the british inquest into her death that he was in paris directing a plot to kill her in .
easily accessible via a minute ferry ride from the city , it s now advertised as the harbor s jewel and touted as a green park for its solar powered facilities and compost toilet system .
his candidacy still needs to be registered and is likely to be blocked .
ronaldo acknowledged to police he knew they were prostitutes but did not realize they were cross dressers until getting to a motel sunday night , when one allegedly tried to extort him to hide the story from the media , according to police .
arsenal had not been beaten in a competitive match since the start of april , a run of games , and came into the match three points clear at the top of the english premier league .
although many areas of the country are still dangerous , the government recently began to allow some companies to make week long visits to the kurdish controlled town of irbil in northern iraq , where korean troops are stationed .
more than percent of south korean people want the country to have a more independent policy toward the united states in the future , according to a korea times hankook ilbo survey .
an word prequel to the blockbuster harry potter novel series fetched about nearly , tuesday for a writer s group and dyslexia charity .
his democratic challenger jim martin will be joined by rapper ludacris as he makes a final pitch for votes .
a computer sits on the floor , but it s not functional .
with , to , people working to classify the galaxies , the process could take as little as a month .
she appears in the upcoming rocknrolla , directed by guy ritchie .
i would be proud to meet him as anyone else . she and her late husband , prominent dentist dr . albert cooper , raised four children in her house .
we focused relentlessly on the issues that the people care about , most certainly the economy .
as her platform issue , she promised to advocate for awareness of eating disorders , an illness from which she has recovered .
it is the first time a un reporter on torture will be allowed to visit china s prisons and detention centers .
but he stepped down the next year reportedly because of pressures from chun doo hwan , who took power through a military coup on dec .
earlier this month , riot police used water hoses and tear gas against thousands of protesters demanding electoral reform , the largest demonstration in kuala lumpur in nearly a decade .
floridians are voting tuesday in a primary battle that could play a crucial role in deciding the republican presidential nominee .
it is expected that she will appear in court thursday , sudan state media reported .
tight budget , like i m saying , we re picking off the dollar menu
sex between consenting adults is nobody else s business .
the defense ministry ordered the whole army , including the , troops dispatched to iraq , to step up anti terrorism readiness .
television reports said the ash column caused panic in the surrounding area , with residents running out of their homes .
bbc news reports that the groups want to shut down the malaysian newspaper that published it .
despite its poise , the u . s . looked unnerved at times , as north korea pressed the americans in the first half like few teams have .
the opposition grand national party s suggestion last week to provide apartments at half the market price by leasing the land has caused a stir among the political community and society in general .
britain contributed about , troops , sailors and air force personnel to the u . s . led invasion of iraq in march .
chicago police say they found the body of a young boy in an suv parked on a city street .
hasuda s staff of police officers tries to contact owners of other items whenever their identities can be gleaned from turned in documents , letters , bills or business cards .
british production firm darlow smithson s previous credits include touching the void , an award winning drama documentary about the fight for survival of two british climbers lost on a mountain in the andes .
a japanese laboratory has built the world s fastest computer , one with the computing power of the fastest u . s . computers combined .
the greatest danger is to babies , who almost always catch it from unvaccinated adults .
the show is set to air in february .
not to mention all the other gadgets you wind up buying , like sporting equipment , landscaping materials and a barbeque grill that you don t need but can t resist .
carbon sciences believe they have made a breakthrough with their technology , which they say can transform co back into basic fuel building blocks efficiently .
in december , yeltsin sent tanks to stop the fighting in chechnya in what would become a month conflict .
messenger s major goal is to become the first spacecraft to enter mercury s orbit .
three self catering apartments , which share a bathroom , a kitchen and common areas , are located about minutes off site in esquilino , rome s chinatown .
craig , , pleaded guilty august to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge in the incident , according to minnesota criminal records .
mrs clinton , who began the day with a visit to a child study centre at yale university where she volunteered as a law student , was later expected to make stops in massachusetts and new york .
according to fbi figures for the week of november to , the bureau received more than , requests for background checks on gun purchasers
a custody hearing for the children placed in temporary custody after a search of the yfz yearning for zion ranch outside nearby eldorado is set for thursday .
francis said at that point , his offer was off the table
and if another planet is found that has propitious conditions for the formation of life , then , perhaps , we are not alone .
on a memorial blog set up by the chicago association of realtors , for which good once served as president , friends and colleagues described him as a gregarious man with a big personality .
undoubtedly the most spectacular aspect of our long term study is that it has delivered what is now considered to be the best empirical evidence that super massive black holes do really exist , said genzel .
it was the first official confirmation , although the student run isna news agency on friday reported that shakeri , of lake forest , california , was being held and investigated by the security department of the tehran prosecutor s office .
i was terrified on the train .
the second largest complaint in this category was the lack of attention by koreans paid to foreigners with percent citing it .
korean animal rights activists ?
pakistani warplanes have attacked suspected pro taliban positions near the afghan border for a fourth day .
the official did not give his name due to the sensitivity of the ongoing talks .
babies as young as to months old showed crucial social judging skills before they could talk , according to a study by researchers at yale university s infant cognition center published in thursday s journal nature .
so american families can meet their daily needs , and american businesses can make purchases , ship goods , and meet their payrolls .
pyongyang also is suspected of sharing its nuclear technology with other nations .
the toy popularized by the movie toy story will spend several months at the space station as part of an educational program for math and science teachers and their students .
like you , we want a president who appeals to the hopes of those who still believe in the american dream , he said .
saudi arabia s agriculture ministry has lifted bans on poultry imports .
the technology has to be more refined than those in electric massage chairs because the facial bone structure is much more fragile than back or spine bones , he said .
arsenal might have grabbed a late winner as fabregas hit the post and substitute niklas bendtner fired the rebound over with the goal gaping .
the channel televen says the simpsons has been replaced in its a . m . slot by baywatch hawaii .
critics have objected to reopening don muang , saying it could confuse tourists and cause problems as visitors are shuttled between the two airports through bangkok s legendary traffic jams .
atlanta , georgia cnn a middle aged woman arrives at yoga class , a guide dog beside her wheelchair .
in another clip , the voice tells a soldier wearing a cloth on his head that he looks like a raghead .
they face allegations of collaborating with a terrorist group .
boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world .
it released new marriage license forms for counties to use beginning the following day .
i want to assure you all that i will do everything possible to ensure that our country , kenya , is steered along the path of peace , unity and stability , kibaki said in a statement .
then they were taken care of for life .
portales said the incident does not appear related to the summit .
senior u . s . officials have tamped down expectations of major breakthroughs , however , as they described the meetings as strategic discussions , not negotiating sessions .
speaking during a tour of beijing s forbidden city , she said that ties with china should not mean losing our fundamental values .
but earlier this month the lahore high court ordered the arrest of raj and his wife , shahzina tariq , , for lying to the court .
she ran up on the porch and got my baby girl and took her to safety .
brown said police believe laurean could be a dangerous and violent person if he was put in a corner .
the fire is percent contained down from percent on wednesday .
a , tonne coal ship has finally been refloated , nearly four weeks after it became stranded on the australian seaboard during severe storms .
it s unfortunate to lose any bit of science , said mission scientist ray arvidson of washington university in st . louis . but it s not really critical stuff that you kick yourself over .
base extension in pyeongtaek do not cooperate , the prosecution will seek arrest warrants , the prosecution source added .
diamond later said his ex wife was worth every penny .
murray told cnn earlier this week that plans were under way to establish a memorial for the missing miners at the site after the mine is closed .
in the e mail posted on his web site , al farhan said a senior interior ministry official promised he would remain in custody for three days at most if he agreed to sign a letter of apology .
the company would keep percent of the first us million reaped , and about percent of proceeds thereafter .
the lure of surf and sand is still powerful enough to draw crowds to miami beach , but many spring breakers say this year they re counting pennies
the interstellar boundary explorer ibex mission rocketed into space sunday afternoon high above an island in the pacific ocean , the space agency said in a statement .
the us senate has passed a bill calling for all us combat troops to leave iraq within a year , defying a veto threat .
pirated software worth million has been seized as the fbi shuts down a world spanning piracy outfit .
and as we hear from correspondent , christian salazar
the refining industry overall represented more than of the global s trillion in total revenue .
i am really happy with the jersey . gert deserved his victory , it was not a gift from me , said boonen .
new york times columnist and princeton scholar paul krugman is the nobel has won the nobel , rather for economics .
or maybe it will be a combination of both american and british .
the joong ang ilbo is reporting south korean officials have begun an investigation into whether five south korean companies exported sensitive dual use goods to iraq before the war .
most new parents have some frantic but largely unfounded fears about their baby s health .
a total of , government officials have been punished in china for corruption since the beginning of with , of those in the first eight months of , according to xinhua .
cbs spokesman dana mcclintock said these complaints are old news , and this lawsuit is without merit .
goodman did not disclose what type of medication was involved , saying only it is part of her ongoing treatment .
president george w . bush tuesday followed europe s lead , announcing the billion plan to help stabilize the financial system .
funai said it photographed strong and healthy warriors , six huts and a large planted area .
while the ever growing burj dubai is already the tallest man made structure in the world , the nakheel tower is set to go even higher .
the weather was hampering efforts to control the spill , which occurred in the kerch strait , the official said .
what they actually knew or didn t know in terms of the delay , whether there would be a delay announcement forthcoming it s very difficult , it s very complicated , wheeldon told cnn . but i do seem to get the impression that the french regulatory authorities have got a long way down the line .
rudd has moved quickly to bring australia into international talks on fighting global warming , and to head off potentially thorny relations with the united states and key asian neighbors .
people who haven t selected what sex they are frequently get defaulted to the wrong sex entirely , naomi gleit , a facebook product manager , wrote friday in a company blog .
he said officers punched , kicked and used pepper gas .
for many , though , christmas shopping might seem more a chore rather than a good way to make the most of their down time on a business trip .
duffy , coldplay and leona lewis are among the strongest contenders .
small cap stocks fell into bear market territory , while at the opposite extreme , megacap general electric dropped almost percent ahead of its profit report early friday .
diskin said several suspects were arrested by the palestinians after a tip off from the intelligence services , and other members of the cell were arrested by israeli security forces .
i didn t have much time to reflect on anything , i was ducking and dodging , bush said .
furman is really into coupons
mcdonald s said the fuel changeover would begin with of its vehicle fleet converting to a mixture of used cooking oil and pure rapeseed oil .
the majority are believed to be victims of sectarian killings .
i think people will really get to see what i m really like . i m just a normal girl from london .
six percent of voters are undecided .
in addition to the acquittal , most of the defendants will receive compensation payments ranging from , swiss francs to , francs about euro , to euro ,
he turned his whole life around and through evangelism and through his faith and his family and he became president , stone said .
and the king of independence day , will smith , who s also carved out a holiday following with such films as ali , the pursuit of happyness , i am legend and
her flight was supposed to get in at and it arrived at .
amelia xu , a senior communications officer with airbus , which is based in the french southern city of toulouse , said the company had negotiated two deals .
he said all suspects will be afforded protection under the geneva convention .
has made its in flight internet access service available to the corporate jet market and expects to do the same for commercial airlines by the end of the year .
the government has offered , in relief to the refugees left without homes in the fire .
obama and mccain regularly make appeals to independent voters while on the campaign trail .
meantime , that teen age girl who washed out this week says she felt like a little sister to those three
we urge continued , deepened , and immediate cooperation between iraq and turkey in combating the pkk kurdistan workers party , which is a common enemy of turkey , iraq and the united states .
ozone shields the planet from dangerous ultraviolet solar rays , which can cause skin cancer .
this was despite the fact prices have risen percent .
the year old man named cho was caught around p . m . near danseong theater in jongno , downtown seoul by police who ambushed him after receiving a tip from cho s friend .
by those parameters , a conspiracy to sabotage sicko could involve anyone from the head of pfizer to the folks behind pixar s ratatouille , which opens on june , when sicko is scheduled to open nationwide .
and the traditional special guest invited only at the last minute was sure to be of interest to an avid horse enthusiast such as the queen
he has now issued a public apology .
it s a totally different culture and environment in those places , while everyone fits right in here , said the year old former soldier and retired school administrator .
hill said he expected a flurry of bilateral diplomacy among all the parties before the fourth round of talks resumes on the week of august th in beijing , where they recessed sunday after grueling days .
other well wishers write about how graham s ministry healed their marriages , reconciled families and led them to lives of service .
the treasure trove of almost , documents , collected over years by a wealthy austrian banker , includes letters written by winston churchill , peter the great , mahatma gandhi , alexander pushkin , john donne and queen elizabeth i .
maybe my parents liked the name and hence christened me hitler , he once told the hindustan times newspaper . i am happy with my name , although i don t have any dictatorial tendencies .
grand national party gnp leaders sunday dismissed the rumor that kim kyung joon has a written contract purporting to show that its presidential nominee lee myung bak is a legitimate owner of the scandal ridden bbk and lke bank .
the fire was quickly put out .
yonhap is reporting the government shut down a press room in the police headquarter last week , as it continues to enforce its new media policy on journalists .
the taliban seized the korean christians , most of them women , days ago from a bus in ghazni province to the southwest of kabul and killed the leader of the group on wednesday after an earlier deadline passed .
in , if you had a net worth of million you would be considered wealthy .
an increasing number of analysts think the u . s . economy , which grew by . percent in , started shrinking in the first three months of this year and is still contracting .
the first summit led to the former south korean president kim dae jung winning the nobel peace prize for his sunshine policy of rapprochement with the north .
both north korea and the us have put fresh demands on the table at the talks , which are also being attended by south korea , japan , china and russia .
park rae boo , the chairman of the korea press foundation , made it clear that he will complete his tenure through in keeping with the law and regulations .
the rainfall has been unevenly distributed across india this year due to unusual monsoon patterns , according to the country s meteorological department .
pakistani president pervez musharraf said the killers were the same extremists his country has been battling .
markets opened sharply down on tuesday but fought back from the session lows amid a second day of turmoil on global markets .
in an effort to thwart terrorists , the government implemented new rules on january requiring more americans to have passports .
cnn a paris court on monday ordered internet auctioneer ebay to pay million in damages to louis vuitton for selling fake luxury goods online , according to reports .
former soviet president mikhail gorbachev
the blue chip indicator has now risen in of the last sessions for a gain of . percent .
it s clear from the final presidential debate that one of mccain s top priorities was to distance himself from bush , said cnn polling director keating holland .
the madrid supporters love him , and for me i would like him to remain in the team .
he lured his victims with the promise of alcohol and , after getting them drunk on vodka , he beat them to death and dumped their bodies in the park .
this sunday s strip will include a contest in which breathed asks readers to guess the penguin s fate .
republican front runner john mccain kicked off his final push with a rally in rival mitt romney s home state of massachusetts , before heading for new jersey and then on to new york where he is expected to appear at manhattan s grand central station .
a fourth man managed to hold onto the boat s motor and was rescued yesterday .
this is a no brainer go there .
in his opening speech to the petrocaribe summit in cienfuegos , a southern coastal city about miles from havana , chavez said his plan to provide low cost oil to the region should go beyond financing mechanisms .
samsung is the third firm to plead guilty to price fixing in the case .
police characterized the scheme as an attempt to harvest kidneys from the poor and sell the organs to wealthy patients .
the troops were taking part in operation iron harvest a new drive against islamic militants in northern iraq after a spate of attacks on local anti insurgent groups .
british ninth seed andy murray became the first high profile casualty at the australian open with a defeat to jo wilfried tsonga of france on monday .
south korea and the united states plan to begin the eighth round of negotiations in seoul on thursday .
not just your basic , average everyday , ordinary , run of the mill , ho hum fairy tale , stardust is a dazzler very nearly from first to last , a live action film that rivals the best recent animated features for imagination and wit .
correspondents say the allegations are not new , but it is unusual for them to be made so publicly .
creating transplant tissue that in theory could be used to treat diseases like diabetes , parkinson s , and spinal cord injury .
china has also been reluctant to share samples .
the commission said communist party leader gennady zyuganov was in second place with almost percent of the vote , followed by populist nationalist vladimir zhirinosvsky and a largely unknown andrei bogdanov .
the department has mandated water monitoring stations covering hong kong s territorial waters and two boats to monitor dissolved oxygen , turbidity , suspended solids and temperature .
in the long run , kwangju will have to migrate most of its public desktop and notebook computers away from the windows program of microsoft , the world s foremost producer of software .
japan temporarily waived visa requirements for south koreans last year to mark the th anniversary of their normalization of diplomatic relations .
the next step is to have these young sunnis join the iraqi police .
in the deadliest attack , a roadside bomb struck a military vehicle on thursday in northeastern baghdad , killing five u . s . soldiers , three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter .
ford and chrysler have more cash relative to their needs , mostly from money they borrowed prior to the current credit crunch .
nato and afghan troops have killed suspected terrorists .
of the two , clinton had the closer connection to yeltsin .
neither was it clear whether kurdish leaders or iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki had requested the troops to move .
holder justine henin retained the sony ericsson championships in madrid on sunday , fighting back to defeat maria sharapova in three hours , minutes , the longest three set final in the tournament s history .
the move marks a victory for prime minister shinzo abe , who has made revising the constitution one of his top priorities , correspondents say .
agra , india cnn a two year old girl was rescued wednesday after spending hours trapped inside a narrow well outside the indian capital of new delhi .
the isf dealt with it , showing the people they are trained and ready , the u . s . military official said .
fidler quizzed jurors as to what might break the deadlock and denied a defense request for an immediate mistrial in the case .
the announcement hit willis , an artist in los angeles , california , especially hard .
lindsey who was the commander of nowak s shuttle flight last year assured the judge that nowak , who is on active duty , would not have contact with shipman or have any need to travel to patrick air force base , where shipman works , or nearby kennedy space center on florida s atlantic coast .
his visit to his closest ally raised hopes that stalled talks on north korea s nuclear standoff could resume .
the president and the prime minister were to hold discussions on the crisis on tuesday afternoon , but the prospect of either one climbing down appeared small .
now he has a salaried staff , five games in development and two coming out by christmas , including a spinoff to trism called trismology .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said after peace talks in washington that failure to negotiate a two state solution with the palestinians could threaten israel s long term survival .
forces korea sometime in the future , which has just started with the recent u . s . decision to relocate a brigade of , forces here to iraq , officials said on tuesday .
to assuage these concerns , kershaw is registering as many of the local volunteers as possible , taking photographs and retinal scans , hoping leaders in baghdad will agree to hire them as iraqi police .
the answer is
the flight changes are part of a massive restructuring of the airspace over the congested corridor between new york and philadelphia .
investing in people is a popular political goal in rich and poor countries alike .
it is expected to secure about seats , including those awarded through proportional representation .
the incident resulted in the brief evacuation of the nearby cnn . com newsroom .
according to the world health organization , nearly two thirds of the world s smokers live in countries led by china and india and followed by indonesia , russia , the u . s . , japan , brazil , bangladesh , germany and turkey .
what made those songs work , warren said , is that they re hit songs , first and foremost .
a third twister damaged several homes near lawrenceville , about miles south of richmond , said bryan jackson , a meteorologist with the national weather service , which confirmed all three tornadoes .
mike krysl , a spokesman for mercy medical center in sioux city , iowa , said the staff is in full scale disaster alert . he told the omaha world herald that the facility was expecting to receive two male juvenile patients earlier wednesday .
but he also said the unprecedented steps taken by the u . s . treasury department and the fed were done in time to prevent more expensive and permanent damage to leading financial institutions .
the election will take place according to constitution on the eighth of january .
nowak , a married mother of three , made both her court appearances shackled and wearing a dark colored jumpsuit .
the demonstration commemorates the anniversary of a similar gujjar protest last year that claimed at least lives .
delta ceo richard anderson will head the merged carrier , which will retain the delta name .
oil had traded as low as at . following the report s release on wednesday morning .
james , who builds custom motorcycles and is the producer of the television series monster garage , has three children from a previous marriage .
she got her unusual nickname while still a toddler from her nurse , who proclaimed the child was as purty as a lady bird .
police say ronaldo committed no crime , but he was accused by one prostitute of using drugs and not wanting to pay .
but other eu nations including greece , spain and romania have signaled that they would not follow suit amid concerns about the precedent that such a move would set .
john moore , a photographer for getty images , said bhutto was standing through the sunroof of her vehicle , waving to supporters , when two shots rang out .
the state run corporation said it managed to sell just . tons , or percent , of the total , tons of u . s . and chinese rice on the block at its biweekly auction .
the u . n . says , people fled the capital after bloody battles last month , joining a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate tops million .
they also get more done per hour than everyone but the norwegians , according to a u . n . report released monday , which said the united states leads the world in labor productivity .
i ve heard they lengthened the course and , at this stage , my wrist just isn t strong enough to cope , she said .
a news release from the other russia put the number of protesters at , and said the brutality of the police response has surpassed that of the moscow rally .
two male hostages were subsequently killed .
the meeting coincides with the second anniversary of the deaths of two korean middle school students . two girls were struck and killed by a u . s . military truck june , .
we journalists are fixated on anything that flies
they are charged with injury to a child and tampering with physical evidence , police said .
sen . arlen specter of pennsylvania , the ranking republican on the judiciary committee who has criticized gonzales leadership of the justice department , called his resignation a major helpful turn of events .
the late princess was noted for her interest in the arts , especially theater and classical music , a taste cultivated when she , like the king , was educated in switzerland , where she spent much time until later life .
the revival of cabaret , the one broadway musical unaffected by the strike because it operates under a special contract , had people in line saturday morning when its box office opened .
about percent of u . s . air cargo headed for iraq goes through turkey , as does about one third of the fuel used by the u . s . military there .
the thriller is told from the point of view of five young new yorkers using their handheld camera .
monsignor gianfranco girotti said in an interview published on sunday by the vatican s daily newspaper , l osservatore romano , that known sins increasingly manifest themselves as behavior that damages society as a whole .
following pyongyang s nuclear test , washington expressed its opposition to the continuation of the mt . kumgang tours in order to cut off cash flow to the impoverished state , while being less blunt about the kaesong complex that provides half a million dollars to north korean workers each month .
the islands are currently under south korean control , and seoul maintains a police presence there .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
north korea s official news agency says leader kim jung il made it to a soccer game in pyongyang , his first public appearance in more than a month .
disappeared , said khin maung win with the democratic voice of burma a broadcast media group run by opposition expatriates .
the waterway has long been the site of tensions between iraq and iran , which both claim it as their territory .
without immediate action our state is headed for a fiscal disaster and that is why with more than two dozen new legislators sworn in today i am wasting no time in calling a fiscal emergency special session , schwarzenegger said in a news release .
dow industrials up about points .
posco engineering is embroiled in a lobbying scandal .
torture in china includes the use of electric shocks , beatings , shackles , and other forms of abuse , according to the report .
he gets frustrated by media reports that celebrities keep buying up his work .
richard hui , , takes another view
including eating snakes and insects
last year alone , the won gained . percent against the greenback , recording the highest appreciation rate among asian currencies after thailand s baht , and the growth momentum has continued this year
but on wednesday , the international gymnastics federation fig closed a near six week probe saying that documentation provided confirms they were old enough to compete .
we don t know yet if these are separate outbreaks or if it has spread from one source , said dr . hans troedsson of the world health organization . i think it s from different sources but we don t know that yet .
rooney will miss england s two euro qualifiers in september but united manager alex ferguson said the striker could be fit in time for the tie with estonia on october .
he s seeing the spiking drivers renewing their leases and driving older cars .
the korea times reports that roh , who met us president bush in chile last weekend , said the u . s . president had clearly stated that the international community will embrace north korea and the north will get the security guarantee once it gives up its nuclear weapons programs .
australia s key s p asx index eased . percent , dragged down by weakness in the major banks .
sources at the state run bank said creditors have agreed in principle to rescue the firm through a debt restructuring program .
according to the latest associated press gfk poll , of those surveyed say the country s headed in the right direction , while say it s going in the wrong direction .
he claimed two women died at different times during the cult s seclusion , which began in november .
barboursville , virginia cnn winemaker luca paschina arrived from italy years ago on a mission to bring his craft to virginia , tailor grape growing to the local climate and soil , and succeed where thomas jefferson failed a couple hundred years before .
adventures in a new world published by penguin press .
the house ethics committee voted wednesday to investigate rep .
the mosque belonged to the ahmadiyah sect considered heretical by many in indonesia , the world s most populous muslim nation .
students at his school organized a rally , saying the school needed to be cleaned up before they went back to class .
after seven years of total stalemate , president bush with secretary of state condoleezza rice are providing an opportunity for us and the israelis to resume the negotiations , chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said .
megumi yokota is one of japanese the north kidnapped to train its spies .
health officials seized antibiotics , painkillers , syringes and bottles of chinese medicine during the raid , but they needed more than six men to carry off his s era examining chair , tossed away by the malaysian army in .
the unit paved roads , constructed schools and health centers and repaired water supply facilities .
fatah al islam , a group accused of links to al qaeda and syria , has threatened to widen its campaign if troops do not stop the shelling .
use of the substance was discovered during this year s tour de france , and the world anti doping agency wada then developed a blood test to test for it , the ioc said .
you hear that a lot , or phrases like that , during this presidential campaign .
jamaican police commissioner lucius thomas told a news conference in kingston that three expert opinions had concluded that the original pathologist report of death by manual asphyxiation was wrong .
youssif and his family are expected to be in the united states for six months to a year while he undergoes multiple surgeries and extensive rehabilitation .
mccain now says he would focus first on securing the borders before offering other ways to deal with illegal immigration .
the gender gap has widened when it comes to hygiene , according to the latest stakeout by the hand washing police .
currently , service periods are months for the army and marines , months for the navy and months for the air force . the nation maintains an armed force of about , compared to the north s . million strong military .
an argument ensued while others at the riverview movie theatre watched the curious case of benjamin button , starring brad pitt and cate blanchett , the philadelphia inquirer reported .
though voters are choosing a parliament , the ballot is also a referendum on musharraf , whose political survival hangs in the balance .
there are posters for warner movies like the bridges of madison county and batman forever plastered throughout the six flags over texas park in arlington .
beijing courted a political confrontation with taiwan on thursday by including the self governed island as a china leg stopover for the torch relay schedule for the olympic games .
cannistraro is former head of the cia s counterterrorism division and was head of intelligence for the national security council in the late s .
the two presidents were expected to discuss how to solve the crisis , the new afghan administration s largest ever abduction case .
almost percent of the phones are prepaid .
the european union has banned imports of captive live birds but not poultry from other countries in an effort to curb the spread of bird flu .
the group s hits included dancing queen , waterloo , take a chance on me and knowing me , knowing you .
the fed reduced its key rate from percent to . percent .
president george w . bush will not discuss when the united states will transfer its wartime command of south korean troops to seoul during a summit in washington on thursday .
anyway , set clocks ahead one hour saturday night before retiring .
a jury at the old bailey court convicted the men after a five month trial , a court spokesman said .
the run drew criticism from some media commentators as excessive for a young child .
cnn a man wanted in the videotaped sexual assault of a year old girl has been arrested , according to police in nevada .
with john mccain s complete set of pork knives they cut the pork out !
washington cnn a report from the congressional budget office says president bush s plan for a troop increase in iraq could cost up to billion for a month deployment .
the united states and iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since after iranian militants stormed the u . s . embassy in tehran and held americans hostage for days .
so much for civility , obama said at a town hall meeting in watertown , noting that mccain had talked about the need for civility in politics earlier thursday .
rogge acknowledged that some politicians have played with the idea of boycotts , but added as i speak today , however , there is no momentum for a generalized boycott .
apple is the first online retailer to get the rights to sell the british music giant s downloads .
frank , , suffered a minor head wound in the crash and his friends were treated for unspecified injuries , according to the affidavit .
nairobi , kenya cnn kenya s opposition party struck a significant blow against the government as its candidates were elected as the house speaker of parliament and deputy speaker in the third round of voting tuesday .
over recent years such outbreaks have been seen between november and may as infected migrating wild birds come into contact with domesticated stocks , said nabarro , who is attending a bird flu conference in indonesia .
the south korean government is seeking to freeze , not reduce the country s payments for maintaining u . s . forces on the peninsula , a government official said yesterday .
abc news twice offered a brief war update , then switched back to the oscars .
chung dong young s campaign has become the primary target of an ongoing police investigation into massive identity thefts that took place in august , when the new liberal political party registered voters for its presidential primary election .
stevie wonder is now , he had his first hit when he was just .
mohammad ali hosseini , the spokesman for iran s foreign ministry , confirmed at his weekly news briefing that iranian american ali shakeri had been detained .
we re fighting for our survival , said david hunke , publisher of the free press and ceo of the detroit media partnership , a joint operating agreement between the two papers . we think its time to take a geometric leap forward in what we ve known as newspapers .
the phillies wrapped up the nl championship in los angeles a week ago .
britain s barclays is in talks with the governments of china and singapore to raise billion pounds . billion to help fund its planned purchase of dutch bank abn amro , the bbc reported on monday .
the photos will be auctioned in london on may .
the complaints among many foreigners is attributable to chauvinism among koreans and the lack of social systems for foreigners , she said .
los angeles cnn pop singer britney spears must submit to random drug tests , a judge has ordered after finding she engaged in habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol .
the missing australians were an air force liaison staffer , a federal police officer , an embassy staff member and a journalist , all of whom were traveling from jakarta for downer s visit .
russian energy monopoly gazprom said thursday it has cut off supplies of natural gas to ukraine after a payment deadline expired .
the member team of the nationalist party or kuomintang kmt will be led by vice chairman chiang pink kun .
the patrol was attacked km west of the town spokesman maj gen william caldwell said .
according to mantovani , the tenor was considering resuming the pavarotti and friends benefit concert that used to take place annually in modena .
south korea has something to celebrate despite the aggravating tension on the korean peninsula after north korea s nuclear test last week .
they had been suspended in .
in the third set it was mentally and physically tough , said henin . we were both dead . but what a way to finish the season .
it will be the second visit to myanmar in recent weeks for gambari , who has a five day visa .
a south korean civilian worker died in iraq after a steel can containing paint exploded .
the tech heavy nasdaq composite sank more than percent and the russell small capitalization index plunged . percent .
despite setting a new price record of . wednesday , oil is still well below inflation adjusted highs above a barrel hit in early .
i d been away at a meeting for an hour or two , and came out of the meeting and it was just obvious that the whole situation had exploded .
the research provides the opportunity to consider interactions among neurons , he added .
the court sentenced three men to thousands of years in jail for their part in the attacks , but acquitted seven including the alleged mastermind .
compatriot andrea noe is second at seconds with kazakhstan s sergei yakovlev third at seconds .
the majority of u . s . military hardware in south korea fell into such a state of disrepair that it would have caused serious delays had any hostilities erupted , the washington post said tuesday quoting classified internal audit reports .
authorities said the wreck happened minutes into the kilometer mile race sunday along a highway between playa bagdad and matamoros , across from brownsville , texas .
press the switch to open the curtains in your valley view room at the poetry inn , and you re suspended with the primary striped hot air balloons of postcard fame .
viacom first demanded that youtube take down videos from shows on viacom owned networks that were posted on the site without viacom s consent .
nawaz sharif , also a former prime minister and a political rival , announced his muslim league party would boycott the elections .
in the nfl playoffs , the baltimore ravens make it to the afc title game by beating tennessee on the road in nashville .
the murder of millan , who played an active role in the mexican government s fight against drug cartels and organized crime , is the latest in a string of killings of police and military personnel .
investigators from a so called independent prosecutor s team raided the private office of samsung chairman lee kun hee yesterday as part of a high profile probe into corruption allegations linked to the nation s most powerful company .
the no flights into or out of the country s biggest airport which has been taken over by anti government protesters
however , poll results indicate that we should further work on helping foreigners outside of work conditions . the satisfaction of overall living conditions fell from . percent last year to . percent this year , showing a consistent decline over the past three years .
tim curzan s dog , joe , found the pants at an intersection , according to a police report .
his book , happiness
two of the u . s . soldiers charged with abusing prisoners at the abu ghraib prison in iraq faced initial hearings yesterday .
overall auto sales in the united states were down last month compared with november .
mirren won the oscar on sunday night in los angeles , california , for playing the monarch in the queen , which retells the aftermath of the death of diana , princess of wales , in a car crash years ago .
we forced ourselves against the door so he couldn t come in again , because the door would not lock .
the mission of the phoenix is to analyze the soils and permafrost of mars arctic tundra for signs of life past or present .
but onslow county , north carolina , sheriff ed brown cautioned , that doesn t mean he has to be tied to going that same direction .
china s military staged its first parade in hong kong on sunday , with , soldiers marching crisply in formation along with armored vehicles and helicopters , in a display of beijing s military might and dominance of the territory .
a six times all star during his nine year nba career , nowitzki totalled , points , including first place votes , from a panel of journalists .
results were presented tuesday at the american geophysical union meeting .
at this defining moment in our history . . . we have the chance to pull democrats and republicans and independents together and stand up once and for all and say we are one nation , we are one people and our time for change has come , obama told a boisterous crowd in concord , new hampshire last friday , fresh from his win in iowa .
harry , third in line to the throne , is due to head to iraq with his a squadron of the blues and royals regiment in the coming weeks as part of the latest british troop rotation .
in the meantime , stocks opened higher this morning on the next to last trading day of the year .
a new statement attributed to al qaeda s no . figure , ayman al zawahiri , calls on muslims to attack western interests in defense of the palestinians in gaza .
he said the united nations will hold a donors conference in coming months to raise money to help iraqi refugees and those internally displaced .
the jury was discharged after reaching deadlock during the initial hearings , which ended on tuesday .
that means everything from recycled wedding dresses and guests arriving by bicycle , to home grown flowers and locally produced food for the wedding buffet .
basically it means sleeping and eating together in korean , and the system reflects a belief that doing things together improves performance .
the plane was carrying passengers and three crew members . captain jeffrey clay and flight attendant kelly heyer died in the crash , as did all the passengers .
the dealers probably will have the right to appeal to get off the list , jon .
some workers had had their pay withheld for up to a year , the group said .
treasury prices rallied as investors sought safety .
the dow jones industrial average plunged . points , or . percent , to , . .
that tape from fox news sunday .
it added , idf forces operated in an immediate and determined manner , thus thwarting the planned terrorist attack .
we believe they got acquainted through the internet .
six party talks will resume soon .
i m running for president of the united states of america , obama told supporters during a rally in columbus , mississippi .
that s far more than expected , and makes for a record sixth straight month of losses .
we suffered , but in the end , it was worth the pain , he said .
police have confirmed the car was stolen two weeks ago in shanghai , miles south of nangong , zhang said .
they bear a striking resemblance to the furby , an electronic toy that spoke its own fantasy language and dominated children s wish lists in the late s .
there is no political cause that can justify the murder of innocent people , state department spokesman tom casey said in a written statement . those responsible seek only to foster fear and limit freedom .
but chong wa dae , the national assembly , the supreme court and six other ministries will remain in seoul .
this operation will continue till such time the last taliban is flushed out .
he said , it s quite an emotional film about friendship , community and what you need to do to stand together in the face of adversity .
palestinian president yasser arafat s health has worsened sharply and he is slipping in and out of consciousness at his besieged west bank headquarters .
two girls and two afghan soldiers were wounded during the fight in uruzgan province , it said .
jose mourinho s instant response was to take off john obi mikel and bring on claudio pizarro as he reverted from a to a formation .
peter limone , joseph salvati and the families of the two other men who died in prison had sued the federal government for malicious prosecution .
despite substantial help initially from latin america , europe , japan and the united states , some , people still need help to save their lives , said elisabeth byrs , spokeswoman for the u . n . s humanitarian affairs office , which has appealed for million more in donations .
the prosecution plans to announce its decision on whether to request an arrest warrant for hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo or his son on thursday over their alleged involvement in the slush fund scandal surrounding the country s biggest carmaker .
ibm s metapad won t be ready for a few years .
he wants to be an artist or graphic designer .
before its official launch on jan .
the protesters on wednesday included black and white students who later marched to the residence where the video was made and demanded that it be shut down , witnesses said .
the year old former president was on the fourth day of a nine day study mission to the middle east as part of his ongoing effort to support peace , democracy and human rights in the region , according to the carter center s web site .
lebanese security sources later reported that another rocket fired from lebanon never made it across the israeli border and landed near an observation post operated by the u . n . interim force in lebanon .
the dow industrials ended at another all time high monday , closing with gains for the th out of sessions a streak that matched an year old record on wall street .
the decision will make australia the first country to ban the light bulbs , although the idea has also been proposed in the us state of california .
it s not like a . . . super collider or some search for neutrinos buried in the ice .
the success of nbc s sci fi series has fired up the hopes and , possibly , the imagination of the tv industry .
that prompted a us senator to call for all toys imported into the country from china to be inspected .
crowds of people descended upon the pile of rubble , frantically searching for anyone who might be trapped below .
a friend says year old mark felt had been suffering from congestive heart failure .
the earliest i ve seen someone going back to work after the procedure is one week , dr daniel dearmond , an assistant professor in cardiothoracic surgery at the university of texas health science center , said in regard to a patient of his who underwent the minimally invasive surgery .
anticipating advances in technology , the ioc routinely keeps samples collected during each olympic games for eight years .
it was not immediately clear whether the suspect in the second case was a soldier or a civilian employee at the military s sprawling base in southern japan , where tens of thousands of troops are based .
in the animal kingdom , national geographic s latest cover features paris hilton as part of a wild animal theme . inside , a photo of a lion is made up of dozens of images of women s bare chests , ap reported .
hawkins was sent to piney ridge center in waynesville , missouri , on may , a day after his th birthday .
former republican senator fred thompson looking ahead to tonight s vice presidential debate in st .
dlamini said the event was peaceful and there had been no arrests .
to hit a shot like that at the buzzer , at home , wow !
the spokesman described it as quite a battle .
spears and federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in july .
in northern iraq , gunmen ambushed a convoy of border guards , killing six of them along with a civilian , a border guard commander said .
brussels , belgium cnn european union regulators said monday they were again investigating software giant microsoft corp . this time on suspicion of abusing its market position by squeezing out competing internet browsers and software rivals dependent on microsoft programs .
monitoring by the environmental protection agency shows that water in airplanes water tanks isn t always clean and coffee and tea are usually made from that water , not from bottled water , according to victoria day , a spokeswoman for the air transport association .
they are seeking protection and this is not a criminal case , but rather a humanitarian issue , said the official .
television pictures showed several bodies laid out under white sheets on the river banks , the coach smoldering in the background as fire crews doused it with foam .
as bernanke spoke to a meeting of u . s . business leaders , the federal reserve announced a new program to help short term business loans taking its closest step yet to lending directly to businesses .
this criminal act is one of a series of assassinations that took place recently in the south , talabani said , noting that the governors of wasit and diwaniya provinces have been killed as well .
the diplomat said there was no known motive for the shootings , and added that south korea hoped that the tragedy would not stir up racial prejudice or confrontation .
hints at the frustrations of the iaea investigators seeking clear answers about the program .
slumdog millionaire , a british film about an impoverished indian teen who becomes a contestant on the hindi version of who wants to be a millionaire , has been nominated for baftas after winning four golden globes .
rice met separately sunday with abbas and olmert .
elephants long revered in india as symbols of wisdom and good fortune are no longer allowed in mumbai , formerly known as bombay .
they came as if it were a drug raid , said alma febus , an animal welfare activist . they took away dogs , cats and whatever animal they could find . some pets were taken away in front of children .
however , once the fuel is ignited , it cannot be extinguished .
japan s parliament has passed a bill that sets out steps for holding a referendum on revising the country s pacifist constitution .
adding to the pain , the bank said it has taken a financial hit as a result of exposure to the subprime mortgage market in the united states .
we are deeply saddened by the injuries suffered by the employees , aramark spokeswoman kathleen keenan said in a statement . our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families at this difficult time .
officials did not name any victims , but relatives of some of the skydivers appeared at tuesday s news conference and stressed what a tightknit group they were .
blair s government passed tough anti terrorism measures after the september , , attacks on u . s . cities and again after four british muslim suicide bombers killed people on london s transport network in july .
my mother always said democracy is the best revenge , he said .
messages left with hilton s spokesman and lawyer were not immediately returned early tuesday .
the u . s . government should increase coordination with its south korean ally .
if the memorandum of understanding mou on the u . s . visa waiver program for koreans is signed on the occasion of my visit , exchanges in the human resources field will take place he said .
brown had said while in iraq last week that britain planned to cut its deployment by , by christmas .
at least one person is reported to be fighting for his life and six others were injured in the clashes in heyuan city , in guangdong province .
we now face an attempt by the south korean prosecution to attack lone star and its officers with spurious allegations of vague conspiracies without any hard evidence , lone star chairman john grayken said in a statement , after prosecutors sought arrest and detention warrants for its executives .
squadron leader iain bright , a spokesman for nato s international security assistance force , said their troops targeted four insurgents as they were digging .
calling mohammed a notorious figure , whitman added , i think we all recognize that there is an obvious difference between the potential impacts of the written versus the spoken word .
the reports said the payments were tied to the prince s role in negotiating an billion deal to sell british warplanes to saudi arabia in .
at midnight thursday , the eu expanded the zone to embrace the eastern and central european countries that joined in czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , malta , poland , slovakia and slovenia .
syria must come clean about its secret nuclear programme , the white house said in a statement after cia officials briefed members of congress .
it s much better to work together than to create tensions , bush said after the meeting .
the south korean foreign ministry released a statement of the weekend saying the un statement left too much room for interpretation .
the colorado river downstream used to be warm and muddy , but now it s cold and clear .
the items are expected to fetch millions of dollars from bidders from around the globe wednesday and thursday .
north korea yesterday called a joint military exercise by south korea and the united states an act of war , saying it would take pre emptive action if necessary in spite of the year old cease fire treaty .
on my early trips before i learned that czech beer is more powerful than other beers i used to have a big beer at lunch and spend the rest of the day wobbly , sightseeing on what i called czech knees .
the year old larsson retired from the national team after the world cup , but has kept playing for helsingborg in the swedish league and led his team with six goals in this season s uefa cup .
the man has been identified by british media reports as queensland hospital dr . mohammed haneef .
obama said tuesday that he had spoken with clinton by phone earlier in the day as well as on sunday .
the team developed its own mapping projection software and then plugged in u . s . geological survey data on population , elevation and different types of land cover .
nevada is one of the fastest growing and most diverse states , with one in every five people a hispanic and a heavily unionized work force .
kerviel , who could be sentenced to three years in prison , is free under judicial control while the case continues .
i think if tomorrow we get clarification on troop support . . . the people of afghanistan are going to be more than grateful .
the pentagon have several , and they are used in nuclear plants in the united states and europe , but the market is still rather marginal .
many carried steel pipes and hurled rocks at officers .
in japan , a weaker yen boosted shares of major exporters including automakers and consumer electronics firms .
campos said he is an american citizen living in brownsville
heart disease is the nation s top killer , claiming a staggering , lives in , according to the american heart association .
it s not the first accident that s occurred during filming for quantum of solace .
five days later a jamaican pathologist decided that woolmer had died of asphyxia caused by manual strangulation .
how to lower your cholesterol with better eating
fire battalion chief doug smith tells us that many of the firefighters are taking their deaths personally
one third of men didn t bother to wash after using the bathroom , compared with percent of women , said the researchers who spy on people in public restrooms .
for that to happen , the u . s . military needs the cooperation of the shiite dominated government in baghdad .
in recent years , alec baldwin has been on top of the world
mcqueen turned down the role of sundance simply because costar paul newman refused to give him top billing .
campbell says developing countries will have to take steps to bridge this digital divide .
detectives said the child showed little emotion during the rapes , possibly indicating she had been brutalized before .
richie was stopped in december when police said she was seen driving the wrong way on a los angeles freeway .
it s time for the world to impose a un arms embargo and financial sanctions , to hurt myanmar s leaders until they make real changes , said adams .
the operation followed a week long siege of the compound by troops .
some million voters eligible to cast ballots in the provincial elections , which drew , candidates for positions .
another showed photographer romuald rat squatting next to the open door of the car .
newspapers reported , staffers in mcdonald s restaurants across hong kong are wearing masks .
south korea ranked th in a world quality of life report issued by the united nations development program undp on tuesday .
sen . barack obama will be focused more on november as he campaigns in the state , which is expected to once again play a critical role as a swing state in the general election .
new mexico s high school dropout rate is , north carolina is .
south korea and the southeast asian trade bloc agreed tuesday to commence negotiations for a bilateral free trade agreement fta starting early , with the goal of finishing the task within two years .
north korea sent home of the fishermen kidnapped with lee on board the two trawlers .
beyond that , says stoll , your best bet is supplements .
among the percent who hold an unfavorable opinion of bill clinton , percent voted for obama .
welcome back , guys !
health food gained popularity when people began to think more seriously about their physical well being .
martinetti said the decision by the judges in beijing in the disputed bout was made according to the rules .
ms gonzalez was reunited with her two daughters and also met her two year old granddaughter for the first time .
reagan , suffering from alzheimer s disease , was not well enough to attend .
it was so humiliating , sseruma said . the immigration officers were asking me very personal questions about my health .
here s ap national security correspondent sagar meghani
erdogan was speaking after the country s constitutional court annulled last friday s parliamentary vote to elect a new president .
the government saturday declared an emergency situation in all hospitals , according to maj . zia ul hassan , the police chief of sindh province . he said his police were helping get the injured to hospitals and recover bodies from collapsed homes .
korea s chief negotiator , kim jong hoon , and his u . s . counterpart , wendy cutler , opened high level talks to minimize as many differences as possible .
that death rate is higher than the hiv aids death rate for that year .
the coalition press center said the military operation was targeting taliban militants suspected of hiding out in an area in qarabagh district , in eastern afghanistan s ghazni province .
we were together only weeks a year and i just thought the communication wasn t going very far any more .
crowds shouting stop the war
girls crying is still the backbone of the show , said mike fleiss , who produces the franchise .
besides its agreement on general level military talks with the south next month and its consent to the hyundai asan ceo s entry , which it had previously rejected , north korea even resumed negotiations to normalize ties with japan after a three year hiatus .
he said president bush should not see votes in congress in opposition of his new iraqi strategy as a rebuke .
investors returning to the fold , looking for bargains after straight days of heavy selling .
hundreds in the city , home to a foot tall water tower touted as the world s largest catsup bottle , showed up saturday to participate in the ketchup filling and other fundraising activities .
of course there are a lot of swing voters in the middle class .
wildfires burning out of control are continuing to threaten thousands of homes in california .
chances of pitching again seem more likely after the operation .
washington cnn north korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial yongbyon nuclear reactor on friday .
the commerce department reports the broadest measure of the trade deficit decreased , more than expected in the rd quarter .
however , additional observations of sg between now and then could rule out even those possibilities , he said .
malaysian pm abdullah ahmad badawi has unveiled a substantially changed government line up .
his home is a makeshift shelter made from salvaged bags , cloth and wood .
and nations that still live under tyranny and oppression , can find hope and inspiration in our commitment to liberty .
the introduction of a bill which would heavily restrict pornography in indonesia has been attacked by women s rights campaigners in the country , who fear it is the first step towards the implementation of islamic sharia law .
but the two leaders will reaffirm their robust alliance to help south korea put an end to domestic disputes over the transfer issue , the officials said .
it will be good for reconciliation if we can encourage more cultural exchanges like this .
the check in lines are about ten people long .
palin empathizers say the alaska governor is merely trying to recover her good name after months of damage by the mainstream media , liberal bloggers and even high level members of the mccain campaign who grew publicly dissatisfied with their vp nominee as election day neared .
turkish troops fired artillery shells into northern iraq on wednesday nearly a week after turkey completed its eight day ground offensive targeting kurdish militants , an iraqi official told cnn .
grindhouse played to big crowds on the east and west coasts but failed to click with audiences in the midwest and south , weinstein said .
army used a high energy laser to shoot down an artillery shell in mid flight in a defense industry breakthrough , the army and the manufacturer said .
amid fears in the west that iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , some experts believe iran s space program is possibly a cover to improve its military ballistic missiles .
the july figure was down from a surplus of . million the same time last year .
the group then unlawfully kept about , in usaid funds and used the money to pay siljander to lobby on its behalf , said john wood , the u . s . attorney in kansas city .
some of the victims had fragments of glass pressed into their skulls .
it had a torso and limbs but no head , and was joined to lakshmi at the pelvis .
only a small fraction of the killings have been solved .
a hezbollah commander suspected in some of the deadliest terrorist attacks of the last years and a reputed role model for osama bin laden has been killed in syria , hezbollah tv said wednesday .
he and his brother michael arrived with their parents and a sister and were greeted by their grandparents , who went to israel six years ago .
aircell licensed a band three times the size of livetv s for million and plans to offer broader internet services , including web surfing , for about a flight what boeing had charged for the first hour .
i have never heard from them on that note ever , hope told cnn in a phone interview .
faced with continued white house opposition after the veto , the democratic leadership agreed to drop the withdrawal language so the spending bill could be moved by memorial day .
he also assured other countries that the planned deployment of of , marines to afghanistan this spring is not because of any shortcomings by forces already there .
as u . s . troops mass here for a possible second war against iraq , kuwaiti democracy remains an ideal that is usually discussed using comparisons .
but with impassioned leadership from libya s moammar gadhafi , a smaller group wants a federal government to be established immediately as the only way to fight africa s poverty and myriad of other challenges including globalization .
conflict is a hard word , tension is a better word , gary yohe , one of the report s lead authors , told reuters of the mood at the marathon talks .
cruz said the demonstrations were to point out that a majority should not be able to take away the rights of a minority by voting in prop .
tennessee baking company s made those treats since
since the bounty went into effect march , two cats one of them pregnant have been turned in .
death sentence , th century fox s revenge thriller starring kevin bacon , debuted at no . with . million .
at a news conference yesterday , a french couple said they would not return to seoul to face investigators looking into the fate of two babies whose bodies were found in a freezer in the couple s apartment .
earlier thursday , bush said a report on u . s . set benchmarks for iraq shows satisfactory progress in eight areas .
the spanish civil guard , on request from the government , is investigating whether the company could be charged with theft of spanish heritage if the haul came from a ship found in spanish waters , efe reported . calls to the ministry on sunday went unanswered .
eurostar chief executive richard brown said the train s arrival in london was a great achievement for his company and a massive step forward for rail travel as it tries to compete against low cost airlines .
we think it s a great system .
eminem s lose yourself rap from the film mile is the rare recent oscar winner that s also had radio success as catchy as it s hard out here for a pimp was from s hustle flow , it wasn t exactly radio friendly .
anticipating criticism , chavez said the state s role in regulating education is internationally accepted and it is not possible for a school administrator to insist on autonomy in countries such as germany or the united states either .
the two ministers warned during the press conference , iraqi terrorist groups attempt to achieve their goals in a way of indiscriminately kidnapping and threatening civilians . with the government s plan to dispatch additional forces nearing , the foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon and defense minister yoo kwang woong held a press conference and requested that people refrain from traveling to iraq and nations deemed dangerous .
his family postponed the funeral until after the hostage crisis was resolved .
the delaware river basin commission controls the water supply used by about twenty million people in the new york city area and nearby states .
porretti says he was pain free immediately after surgery , despite having to wear a brace for a few weeks .
smoltz was with a . era in six games despite pitching through pain .
the bandleader plays a year old black wood flute .
rojas was an aide to former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , whom the rebels also are holding hostage . gonzalez is a former colombian congresswoman .
the official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said it was not clear whether washington s review was prompted by the report , but it may lead to unfreezing as much as half of north korea s funds , or million .
if convicted of both portions of the conspiracy charge , vick could face six years in prison and a , fine , according to a statement from the u . s . attorney s office for the eastern district of virginia .
the painting challenges modern notions of beauty and elicits a reaction from everyone who sees it .
public education campaigns have been letting people know about the gift of life for years .
building began last year , and the vault is scheduled to open officially tuesday .
cnn a man who rescued a co worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said .
oil prices briefly spiked more than per barrel to a trading record monday , but crude tumbled throughout the afternoon as traders took profits after prices couldn t get over the a barrel hump .
sellers positive feedback rating just about zero since yesterday .
but a suicide blast shattered her homecoming parade in karachi , killing more than people and raising fears for pakistan s stability ahead of crucial parliamentary elections .
he said blair s legacy would also be better public services and a strong economy adding britain s reputation in the world is stronger than ever before .
dramatic amateur video of the incident that appeared on the internet showed the airbus a teetering as it tried to land during the brutal winter storm on saturday .
after all the defendants denied having the phone or knowing who it belonged to , restaino sent people to jail .
after last week s lay offs , the bank of new york mellon , western union , dillards department stores and other companies , , more americans on the unemployment line .
at some point in time sooner rather than later you ve got to say enough is enough . kosovo is independent and that s the position we ve taken . full story
the meeting with macau officials came about two weeks after north korea agreed in six nation talks to take initial steps to abandon its nuclear weapons program in return for aid .
bush has repeatedly said that the united states does not practice torture but has not spelled out specific banned procedures .
duch is the first of five suspects whom prosecutors have asked the tribunal to investigate over their role in the brutal khmer rouge regime .
the underwear will be held as evidence until the case is resolved , after which their disposition is uncertain , tennant said .
kabila s son , joseph , took power after his father s assassination in and was formally elected president at the end of last year .
despite her increased fundraising , obama is still outspending her in the crucial march primary states of ohio and texas .
in the same group hapoel tel aviv scored a shock win away to getafe having lost their opening two games .
the , ton cargo vessel eastern bright , carrying , tons of nitric acid , disappeared near yeosu after sending out a distress call at a . m . , according to the yeosu maritime police .
cox says it has seen call volume go up by as much as percent in two of the markets where the unplugged ad has run .
still , the central bank has been cautious to hike rates too quickly amid concerns over the u . s . subprime loan crisis and the possible impact of the global economic slowdown on japan s economy .
officials from the united nations relief and works agency unrwa both palestinian and foreign attended the festival , which consisted of sports and cultural skits .
the new york times noted that the bush administration requested that u . s . intelligence agencies produce three secret reports and one of them contained the above criticism .
several thousand louisiana evacuees who had found shelter in texas are being moved to arkansas and tennessee . the move came as category two hurricane rita moved into the gulf of mexico , after pounding florida and cuba .
critics blame the rise on overstretched hospitals that do not have enough money or capacity to catch superbug infections early .
she owns over the top productions in orange county , california , a full service children s birthday party planning company .
the book and compact disc are being prepared and will soon be distributed , gen . ali reza afshar said in a written statement .
their only difference was their technological experience .
interpol secretary general ronald k . noble said the pictures have been on the the internet for several years , but investigators have been unable to determine the man s identity or nationality .
for this year s chusok korean thanksgiving holidays , people are rushing to travel abroad .
not everybody in the city was wrapped up in the one year countdown , however .
and we will avenge all that they have done in afghanistan for the past so many years .
the city is not designed to deal with snowy weather . schools shut , most public places closed down and many people stayed home from work .
the bill is supported by president george w bush , who has said the issue is at the top of his domestic agenda .
the death was caused by postanoxic encephalopathy and a multiple failure of his organs caused by the prolonged cardiac arrest that provoked his admission to hospital , the hospital said in a statement .
the fact that they re choosing to send somebody who is openly syrian . . . to a conference which is all about the israeli palestinian track is an important one .
pests like fire ants will thrive .
our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives .
the victim lived in the industrial town of tangerang , kilometers miles west of jakarta .
in a related development , ellen r . sauerbrey , u . s . assistant secretary for the bureau of population , refugees and migration in the state department , will visit thailand next week to discuss the issue of north korean refugees , radio free asia rfa reported .
but a study in this week s journal of the american medical association suggests that weight loss is possible over the internet .
he added he does not resent either the korean or the u . s . government .
once the rest of the apocalyptic sect leaves the cave , investigators will move in to try to confirm nedogon s report , sharonov said .
the post said the pentagon and u . s .
they ve had special training and know the terrain better than you could hope to .
he criticized the tendency to introduce new spending bills only because of constituent pressure or a desire to appear generous .
there are two types of craft that are commonly called airships .
probably the most disturbing part is one of the officers uses his leg and his knee to pin his neck and his head to the ground , pritchard told cbc news .
ma s trial opened in the shadow of an announcement by nationalist kingpin wang jin pyng that wang would not contest the party s presidential primary because of alleged bias in the process .
of the . billion in u . s . aid , more than half . billion was specifically provided for the tribal region , the gao said .
the drug company was hoping to set up the center in osong , north chungcheong province , where transportation is convenient because of a high speed railroad line .
obama s republican rival , sen . john mccain , issued a statement monday afternoon
the post said the pentagon and u . s .
the president said he would respect the assembly decision on his proposal .
it doesn t have to be a negative thing , but that shouldn t be how you learn about sex education , said duhovny , an editor for sexetc . org , a teen written web site on sexual health issues affiliated with rutgers university .
it seems there s just no room on the pop charts any more for an up where we belong from an officer and a gentleman or a take my breath away from top gun .
palestinian militants killed two israeli children through a rocket attack .
it was not clear if alfaroon wanted the death penalty for the fifth defendant .
that s what it s going to come down to , my friends .
democratic rivals hillary clinton and barack obama have clashed over remarks by mrs clinton on civil rights that she says were distorted by the obama camp .
the conspiracy conviction includes conspiracy to commit murder , conspiracy to commit larceny , conspiracy to obstruct justice and conspiracy to make false official statements .
were retired in december and since then , the air force said .
she raised hundreds of thousands of dollars to beautify washington , and the highway beautification bill was known as the lady bird bill .
at any given time , about million people in the u . s . feel so isolated that it s a major source of unhappiness , the book says .
the government has also disseminated footage of tibetan protesters attacking chinese and accusations of biased reporting by western media via tv , the internet , e mail and youtube , which is blocked in china .
to do otherwise could result in another four to eight years of more of the same , and that would be the biggest tragedy of all , richardson said .
the afternoon explosion appeared to have been triggered by methane gas that seeped from the ground beneath the popular shiespa hot spring and caught fire , according to police .
olmert says he will stay in office and implement the report s proposals .
i feel like i m getting more out of my days .
minneapolis , minnesota cnn as investigators probed what caused an interstate bridge packed with rush hour traffic to collapse into the mississippi river this week , minneapolis police saturday night issued a statement naming the eight people including a year old girl still missing in the murky waters .
those looking to get a bit more personal can trash the photo of the acts .
i ve been involved in law enforcement for years , and i ve seen a lot of extremely violent events , but i ve never seen children , to years of age , engage in this conduct for a minute period of time and then make these video clips , he said .
the quake struck as the heavily muslim country prepared for islam s holy month of ramadan , set to start in the coming days .
gay couples can be married under washington state law , because denying their right to do so is a violation of their constitutional rights , a judge ruled wednesday .
prudential group establishes its asian regional headquarter in korea .
graft was a key reason given for the ousting of pm thaksin shinawatra .
enemy machine gun fire brought down a oh d kiowa attack helicopter piloted by two task force marne soldiers in a location full of insurgents .
the supreme prosecutors office indicted the bank and its majority shareholder , lsf keb holdings sca , for violating stock trading laws .
he wants to help struggling nations defeat poverty , bush told reporters at the white house .
on wall street in the first half hour , the dow industrials are up points .
french torchbearers will be encircled by several hundred officers , some in riot police vehicles and on motorcycles , others on skates and on foot .
we direct all news channels . . . to immediately stop telecasting the offending news item , the court ruled .
i don t think it s fair for the american public to have to subsidize these people .
this is the final phase of the military operation , one lebanese political source said , adding that he expected the army to capture the whole camp by the end of this week .
. not researching the position
it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend .
warner bros . harry potter and the order of the phoenix , the fifth movie in the series based on j . k . rowling s novels , opened wednesday . warner brothers is owned by time warner , cnn s parent company .
clearly it shows that china , for the first time in a long time , is on the defensive about tibet , free tibet spokesman matt whitticase said .
new york cnn former vice president al gore said he has fallen out of love with politics and has no intentions of running for office again .
he denied the security services paid him to change his story .
however , substitute james milner made sure of the points when taking advantage of a younes kaboul mistake to volley home a rd minute winner .
kim is undergoing medical treatment , her doctors said , but remains unconscious and in critical condition .
at least eight officers are seen either kicking , punching or striking the suspects with batons while the men lie restrained on the ground .
a key member of barack obama s vice presidential search team , james johnson , is stepping down after criticism over a mortgage he received , the obama campaign said wednesday .
last week west ham released tevez s registration following a deal with his agent kia joorabchian , who reached a two million pounds . million settlement with the london club to end a long transfer saga which centred on who owned the striker .
a time scale skeptics say is too ambitious .
we stand against it because it s an extreme law .
the won has gained around percent against the greenback so far this year , compared with an percent gain in the singapore dollar and a . percent increase in the japanese yen .
the clashes between fighters loyal to warlord laurent nkunda and government soldiers took place in virunga national park , where some of the world s last remaining mountain gorillas live on the slopes of a volcanic mountain range that straddles congo s border with rwanda and uganda , the international conservation group wildlifedirect said .
it s suspected that the attorneys were dismissed for political reasons .
the dow is up points .
the measure , which has been sent onto parliament , would allow u . s . troops to stay in iraq for another years .
the rebel group , known as farc for its spanish acronym , had agreed to release three hostages as part of a deal brokered by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
we re getting back to basics with people . they are trading down from activities and moving into more affordable opportunities .
greenspan earned only , as fed chairman in , his last year in office . but he was hardly pressed for cash when he left the job in january .
ronaldo also collected the european player of the year accolade and was voted number one by fifpro , the worldwide players union .
though in the long run there is more danger ahead for bush , because the continued surge plan he s unveiling will keep about , u . s . troops in iraq until next summer , when the number might be reduced to roughly , .
officials stopped counting caucus results early and resumed later in the day wednesday before calling it a night .
when children are no longer in class , parents who have jobs outside the home are suddenly forced to find something for them to do eight hours each day .
it s said that fitzgerald based his story on a quote from mark twain .
the united states , north korea and china plan to hold talks in beijing as early as next week to discuss pyongyang s suspected nuclear weapons programs .
one of the illegal recordings allegedly contains a conversation between hong seok hyun , former chairman of the joongang ilbo and now ambassdor to washington , and a samsung group executive in on plans to support a presidential candidate .
police applied to a court for warrants after apprehending the suspects , said lt . choi woong ju of the police department in taegu , where the fire happened .
the girl was returned to her family , he said , as authorities believe she is in no danger .
the year old became the first british player to win four titles in a season after earlier triumphs in marseille and doha , and dropped only one set all week in the spanish capital .
nguyen ba thuoc , vice director of vietnam post and telecommunication corp . , told reporters wednesday that vinasat no . satellite is scheduled to be launched on april and will be ready for use a month later .
the year old prince , who has spent time in afghanistan as a member of the british army s household cavalry , qualified for the course by flying a light aircraft under instruction , the statement said .
coast guard vessels from portsmouth , virginia , and elizabeth city , north carolina , as well as police and fire units from virginia beach , responded to the scene , evanson said .
stefan gillessen , the chief author of the study , published in the astrophysical journal , said
longoria s spokeswoman , liza anderson , would only tell the associated press , in an e mail , that the wedding will be a big , happy ceremony with lots of family and friends .
our future relationship with imus is contingent on his ability to live up to his word .
shortly after the recent election in zimbabwe , one farmer there told cnn that of his workers were ambushed by militiamen and severely beaten .
the ministry of finance and economy wednesday announced that the government will pursue macroeconomic policy to solidify the ongoing recovery .
some face kidnapping and fraud charges .
she called for donations and for other animal lovers to adopt the cats , which were initially being cared for at her shelter .
as with countless other pleas on countless other milestones during suu kyi s years of on off detention , it is certain to fall on deaf ears
the nevado del huila volcano erupted at p . m . monday
the rockets have been fired , the shuttle is heading back to earth
talk of tibetan independence is considered taboo in communist china , which has ruled the territory since .
with paparazzi and reporters swarming behind a police barrier , hilton waved and beamed but ignored shouted questions as she left the jail about a . m . pt .
it also means korea will reach its goal of spending more than . percent of the nation s gross national income a year earlier than planned , the official said .
north korea delivered a verbal response friday to a letter president bush sent to north korean leader kim jong il earlier this month about the progress of nuclear talks , officials said .
he then went to a convenience store and bought lottery tickets and other merchandise and went back to his motel room , where he was busted .
a group of kidnappers were arrested , bashari said .
experts say the optimum ratio would be five kids to each multimedia computer .
suharto was rushed to pertamina hospital in jakarta on january for treatment of a failing liver , heart and lungs , his doctors said .
in a video released tuesday on the arabic language network al arabiya , the man says , my name is peter moore . i have been held here for nearly eight months .
every year the federal government buys upwards of , cars and other vehicles , not including military or law enforcement vehicles , mccain said , according to an advance copy of his remarks .
the second accident killed people , including three firefighters and a policeman , he said .
the dow opened up , gaining more than points in the first hour , before backing off a little . education is the message of the day for president barack obama , who s spending the th of his first days on the job .
the leaders of the democrat controlled us congress signed the controversial bill earlier tuesday .
her family has refused to carry out an autopsy .
but those who don t believe have created a sort of cottage industry of doubt , and that is what nasa wants to combat .
civilized nations cannot easily forget the pain that we share when terrorist attacks occur , gonzales said after laying flowers and meeting with jewish leaders and relatives of victims of the attack .
arctic sea ice is melting much faster than everybody had been expecting . well , maybe it s because the positive feedback mechanisms have kicked in much quicker than we have been able to quantify .
reporters without borders said yahoo s hong kong arm helped china link shi tao s e mail account and computer to a message containing the information .
the arrest is considered part of the mother of two springs offensive against al qaeda in iraq in mosul because nineveh officers carried out the raid .
santa monica , california cnn owen wilson was reported in good condition monday , a day after he was taken from his home by ambulance , a hospital spokeswoman said .
we do not know how much of this product is out there at this time . we do not feel this product presents a health risk of any significance , he said .
the launch of the program in kicked off the mental fitness craze in japan .
in the study , adults with spouses or long term partners were told to hold hands while viewing a pleasant minute video , then asked to hug for seconds .
the numbers will depend on the situation , said mixon , who has , troops under his command .
the magnitude . quake devastated sichuan province and surrounding areas on may , leaving more than million people homeless .
the year old belgian told a brussels press conference for two or three years journalists have been asking me the same question concerning my future . i always replied by saying that i d deal with it after the beijing games .
japan and china will hold another meeting late this month or early next .
yemen is also an attractive location because somalis receive automatic refugee status in the fellow muslim country .
a witness at the scene saw the person on the bicycle , but couldn t tell the sex or race because the individual was wearing a hooded jacket that covered most of the face , kelly said .
passengers in subway stations beware .
because it s such a comfortable space for comment , we really try to make it an open forum .
the north also agreed friday to allow south koreans to use the internet and mobile phones inside the kaesong area .
sophy said hilton needs time to recover from the shock of receiving jail time before testifying in a civil case brought against her by actress and diamond heiress zeta graff .
the agency has not been able to monitor north korea s nuclear program since it withdrew from the nuclear non proliferation treaty in .
rats have all but wiped out the seabirds on about a dozen large islands and many smaller islands in the refuge , which is home to an estimated million nesting seabirds .
what s the weirdest thing you ve ever been asked to build ?
under that agreement , two light water reactors lwrs were to be built by an international consortium .
comforting physical contact is out of favor among friends and co workers because of the legal climate , she says .
a month old toddler from queensland also was receiving medical help after eating the beads , the state s chief health officer , jeannette young , told the australian broadcasting corp .
over the past years , venture capital has grown far faster than any other financial instrument , soaring from about billion a year to an annual rate of over billion in the first half of .
he got hurt in a relationship and he just kind of went into his shell , and he decided to say no to life .
the investigation is the first for the powerful firm since the asian financial crisis in the late s .
the spat between spain s king and venezuela s leftist dictator took a new turn as hugo chavez asked if the monarch had advance knowledge of a coup .
the collection of cents featured some of the rarest and earliest examples of the american penny .
the ruling uri party hailed it as an opportunity to develop the alliance to a future oriented one .
roh s office could not immediately confirm the report .
for a start , the approach depends on having detailed information both about wages and schooling .
living in a cage in hong kong
don t say that in front of your other child , okay ?
trying to protect their cold , wet feet from frostbite was an ongoing problem while the four were lost in the forest .
retail gas prices are following crude oil , jumped percent in a month on its way to setting new inflation adjusted records four times last week .
kaufman stayed in the hotel last night after evacuating from his home about miles away .
sharif said his party will boycott pakistan s january parliamentary elections in the wake of the assassination .
a recount in out of parliamentary seats which had been due to end on monday was delayed for an unknown period .
as opposition to emergency rule gathered pace in pakistan , government sources told cnn that she could be placed under house arrest to prevent her staging a three day march from the city of lahore to islamabad on tuesday .
thousands of vacations were postponed or canceled , even after the state department eased its rules .
u . s . and iraqi forces also discovered some bomb making material according to officials .
americans are well aware of organ donation .
las vegas , nevada cnn oj simpson walked out of the clark county detention center on wednesday after paying the , bail set earlier in the day .
internetting every thing , everywhere , all the time
benedict told the crowd gathered in st .
meanwhile , the pro opposition korea times reports chief executive officers of major firms have given an f mark to the roh moo hyun administration s economic policies , reflecting their so called escalating discontent over the government s measures .
the deal marks the first attempt by a major u . s . automaker to use china as a manufacturing base to serve world markets .
weapons and explosives have been found in buddhist monasteries in the tibetan populated province of gansu , according to china s state media .
chilean police chief gen . jose alejandro bernales and his wife were among the dead , the official said .
with a record of working across the aisle to develop sound bipartisan legislation , he would offer a choice to a broader range of americans than the rest of the republican field .
the congolese government on tuesday declared a quarantine of the area in southeastern congo , spokesman toussaint tshilobo said .
we need to understand that the old ways of looking at our cities just won t do .
the wao robot , which stands for waseda asahi oral rehabilitation robot , is being developed initially for patients with jaw related medical problems who require facial massages as part of their treatment , according to project leader atsuo takanishi .
the foreign ministry said it was trying to confirm the ban through diplomatic channels .
israel has refused to comment .
the u . s . move comes after north korea s self proclaimed nuclear weapon test on oct .
forty five pakistani soldiers and pro taliban militants have died in two days of fierce fighting in north waziristan , the pakistani army says .
stock prices moved more than higher in early trading on news that interbank lending was showing signs of emerging from its deep freeze .
the mission would make seoul the largest coalition partner after the united states and britain , and the government backed it as a way of winning u . s . support for a peaceful end to the north korea nuclear crisis .
killed about a mile from his home , but the deputy head of the anbar salvation council , sheik hameed al hayyes , said the bomb struck the convoy meters from his home in a heavily secured zone surrounding the house .
the korea herald reports bad loans at domestic lenders shrank percent in the second quarter , quoting a financial supervisory service statement that ignited a rally yesterday among bank stocks .
the exact number of casualties varied , but state run news agency the associated press of pakistan said police officers and one passerby were killed .
sierra leone ranks second from bottom of the u . n . human development index .
this is rooted in central catholic teaching of the dignity of the person .
each of the eight faced charges of mass murder and more than , charges of attempted murder .
madsen called wyatt earp a big waste of time .
garage owner roger coutts , and emir hysenaj , , a postal worker were convicted .
the study cited cyber shopping increases of percent or more among blacks and hispanics , alongside increases in overall internet use .
miller was arrested in the attack on a year old woman at a chicago parking garage in september .
but that experience filled me with confidence , he said .
thousands are missing , while an estimated , others are unable to return to their homes that the storm wiped away in the impoverished south asian nation .
your mama was right when she told you the grass wasn t greener over there .
but white house press secretary dana perino , asked wednesday if the administration was about to remove the north from the list , said no . right now where we are is waiting on the north koreans to provide a complete and accurate declaration of their nuclear activities .
the robot , developed with japan s asahi university , must be approved by a government safety panel before it becomes available to hospitals or to the public .
our transaction was done just the way jay would have liked it to be done no consultants or studies , buffett said in the statement . i am pleased that over the next five to six years , we will be partnering and working . . . in continuing to build marmon .
after the new birth peak ends , we may adjust the policy if there is a need , he said .
saturday night s six powerball numbers are , , , and , with a powerball of .
seen from over the atlantic , the dense tropical jungle coats the volcanic terrain down to a turquoise sea and golden beaches reachable only by boat .
late wednesday night the fisheries ministry said it had discovered malachite green in carp and trout grown here .
retailers are doing whatever they can to bring consumers in , said robert spector , a retail historian and author of the forthcoming book the mom pop store .
the only exception was in prison in israeli a waystation for tens of thousands of palestinians where only israeli brands are available .
the battle for the democratic presidential nomination heads west saturday with caucuses in nevada , where unions and a large hispanic population are heavily expected to influence the results .
despite being in the middle east
stoning is a horrific practice , designed to increase the suffering of those facing execution , and it has no place in the modern world , amnesty international said last year .
the hsbc announcement spurred the over zealous financial supervisory service , the country s financial watchdog , to hold an immediate press conference yesterday denouncing the agreement .
alfredo beltran leyva was charged with drug trafficking , organized crime and illegal weapons stockpiling , the mexican attorney general s office said in a statement .
united manager sir alex ferguson said obviously totti is an inspirational figure in the roma side but i m sure that the experience of coach luciano spalletti and the rest of the players will overcome his loss .
authorities did not immediately say how many people were aboard the jet , or how many of the dead were in the plane or on the ground .
greenspan is commanding , for an hour long speech , usa today reported , citing three unidentified people whose groups have hired the former fed chairman .
elvis presley may have left the building , but the king of rock n roll lives on and on in the endless corridors of cyberspace .
bill hibberd , of parents rights group parentkind , told the times the game sends a dangerous message to young girls .
space shuttle discovery and a crew of seven rocketed into orbit tuesday in pursuit of the international space station , where a formidable construction job awaits them . discovery blasted off at a . m . , ducking through clouds .
tony blair announced thursday he would step down as labour party leader and british prime minister , defending his record during his decade in power , but adding my apologies to you for the times i ve fallen short .
bolt , an animated tale about a dog who plays a superhero on tv
the southern violence began sunday when an afghan police and coalition convoy hit two roadside bombs and was ambushed by taliban fighters while escorting supply trucks in helmand province , a coalition statement said monday .
four british veterans are still alive after joining other commonwealth , french , russian and italian troops in the fight against germany and her allies .
company spokesman valentyn zemlyansky said it could divert supplies bound for western europe . we don t rule that out europe must also understand to what extent ukraine can be bent , zemlyansky told the associated press .
the jet that crashed sunday afternoon took off from the campo de marte airport , used by executive jets and helicopters .
bolton said the six party deal contradicts fundamental premises of the president s policy he s been following for the past six years and could have effects on u . s . relations in other hot spots .
california s primary is the largest of about two dozen contests scheduled for this week s super tuesday contest .
we re always saddened when we see animals kept in this kind of state , ferris said . it could have been prevented .
the valve is a replacement , snap in tire valve model no . tr manufactured between july and november .
minutes after bush spoke , senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , warned the president not to expect congress to rubber stamp the latest request .
in the most dramatic move , the leaders of european nations gathering in paris at an emergency meeting agreed to a wide ranging plan to shore up troubled banks by adding capital through investment and by guaranteeing inter bank lending , said french president nicolas sarkozy .
authorities in milwaukee county , wisconsin , took preventative measures sunday , arresting sex offenders on probation and parole violations during a sweep of homes , cnn affiliate wisn reported .
the us says it wants missile defense in eastern europe to counter threats from states like iran and north korea .
we do know more could be in danger
of course i d talk to people like joe the plumber and tell him that i m not going to spread his wealth around .
jae yong , who is , serves as a senior vice president of samsung electronics .
state democratic party officials say that final results from tuesday s caucuses won t be certified until county level conventions convene on march , but that they expect to release their last batch of unofficial results thursday evening .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe s conservative ruling camp suffered a devastating defeat in upper house elections on sunday , a result that could well force abe to quit and paralyze policy making .
six north korean refugees arrived in the united states via a third country in southeast asia on friday , a u . s . senator confirmed on saturday .
iii , who bought the resort last year , is also negotiating with the u . s . forest service to build a lift that would open hundreds of acres of raw terrain in the chugach mountains to highly skilled off piste skiers and snow boarders .
the protesters burned the dutch flag and called on pakistan to cut ties with the netherlands .
in recent years , scores of federal police have been caught working for the drug cartels , tainting what mexicans once considered their last trustworthy group of officers .
a liverpool fc spokesman said the club would not be commenting on the alleged incident .
thousands of silva supporters gathered in the streets of sao paulo and rio de janeiro , waving his party s red flag in celebration .
ingvarsson says it costs pennies to maintain his business and that he has no idea how much money he has made from it all .
taking the oath of office without suit and tie .
but he said akagi might have to explain himself further to dispel allegations of impropriety .
it has burned , acres and destroyed homes .
surveys suggest the republican battle is likely to be won by either mike huckabee or mitt romney .
the british parliament passed legislation on thursday that the government needs to make northern rock plc the first sizable british bank to be nationalized in years .
correspondents say the lack of progress in this week s talks is a big setback , but there is still probably enough time for north korea to keep to its side of the bargain .
baghdad cnn a suicide bomber drove an explosives laden truck into a police station near tikrit on sunday morning , killing at least people and wounding about others , some of them civilians , a tikrit police official said .
they have to improve the level of competition , said eldon , co chairman of the national competitiveness subcommittee of the transition team .
cats are especially sensitive .
korea savings bank said it is soon going to offer an overseas real estate mortgage .
but with rates now hovering at percent at banks , landlords are demanding even more substantial lump sums .
it was when the first exhibition of king tut s treasures came to london as part of a tour which also went to the united states .
the president sent a message to moreno about two weeks ago , officials said , promising that she would be safe if she turned herself in .
brasilia , brazil cnn a truck coming down a hill plowed into rescue workers and gawkers at the site of an earlier collision a double accident that killed least people and injured , police said wednesday .
tens of thousands of people have downloaded the program in the weeks since its january debut .
he said that he and his family had suffered enough but that he wanted to face the charges against him and prove his innocence .
the japanese transport ministry and the naha fire department said the passengers included adults and two toddlers . the crew was made up of pilots and six flight attendants .
berlin , chelsea injured germany captain michael ballack has revealed he was disappointed to be left out of chelsea s champions league squad as reports link him with a transfer to real madrid .
he also said people in the south should be concerned about the north s counterfeiting and other illicit activities .
the , ton tanker takayama was attacked about kilometers miles off the yemen coast in the gulf of aden while it was heading for saudi arabia , its japanese operator , nippon yusen k . k . , said in a statement posted on its web site .
from one site , located about five kilometers south of the field , officials from the ministry of of commerce , industry and energy project the amount of lng could reach million tons .
like walters , he used a bb gun to pop the balloons , but he went into a rapid descent and eventually parachuted to safety .
you ll have to go through victoria s secret to get it .
starbucks shares hit their lowest level since late tuesday as investor concerns about slower sales and profit growth continued to chip away at the once high flying stock .
rechter adds that , as he sees it , dependence on welfare keeps many poor people in squalid conditions .
and that s how the prince of liechtenstein , whose th century castle is perched fairy tale style above his domain , likes it .
in the video , white male students at reitz residence are seen encouraging at least three black female housekeepers to participate in what the students call the reitz fear factor , an apparent reference to the television show in which contestants eat live worms or compete in other feats .
the conservatives have overtaken labour in national polls and are looking to make strong gains , especially in england .
in americus , a tornado slammed into the sumter regional hospital , shutting it down as health workers were treating victims coming in from the storm , according to spokesman buzz weiss of the state emergency management agency .
ginkgo is a top selling herb and has been hailed by some as a memory booster , but the new university of pittsburgh study found it didn t help prevent alzheimer s or other forms of dementia in more than , elderly study subjects .
jurors this year deliberated less than five minutes before returning guilty verdicts against the first two defendants , who were accused of grooming the kids for sex shows in kindergarten classes and passing off vicodin as silly pills to help the children perform .
hensley was charged with three counts of premeditated murder , three counts of obstruction of justice and three counts of wrongfully placing a weapon next to a body .
korea s top officials yesterday ruled out the possibility of renegotiating the recently minted free trade agreement with the united states after washington signaled dissatisfaction with labor and environmental issues .
israel s border closings have left hamas controlled gaza cut off from food , fuel and other necessities .
republican presidential candidate john mccain said monday the war in iraq has been mismanaged for years and former defense secretary donald rumsfeld will be remembered as one of the worst in history .
this snub provoked widespread speculation that the couple , who briefly separated in , were set to divorce , but cecilia proved the gossip mongers wrong by turning up at her husband s inauguration ceremony and stealing the show in a stylish dress .
the convoy , which included about vehicles , was traveling in swat an area in north west frontier province , arshad said .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has won an informal un security council vote to find secretary general kofi annan s successor , diplomats say .
the united nations had said earlier that secretary general ban ki moon had been told of both moves over the past weekend .
to clinch the nomination , a republican candidate must win , delegates .
that cutoff was avoided by a last minute agreement between yushchenko and president vladimir putin .
though only feet up , there s no gas cooking because of safety concerns .
some police officers and protesters were injured and police said people were arrested in the clashes at the city s harbor .
television s dr . phil mcgraw said britney spears was released from a hospital saturday but still needs psychological help , the syndicated programs entertainment tonight and the insider reported in a press release .
if someone chooses to shop instead of ski , a free shuttle into winter park is available .
the snow and sleet have paralyzed roads , railways and airports , leaving tens of millions of travelers marooned , officials say .
two koreas make a single team in asian games and olympics .
u . s . olympic committee spokesman darryl seibel said there are no rules forcing athletes to attend opening ceremonies .
sohn hak kyu , the chairman of the pro government united new democratic party undp , has adopted a cautious approach toward the party s endorsement of a free trade agreement with the united states .
john murtha , d pennsylvania echoed the governor s position , saying she has to be ahead in the popular vote to have any chance at all of getting this nomination .
the government will announce today several candidate sites to house a new administrative capital planned to be located in korea s central region by .
as soon as we pull up to the veterinary hospital , he s like dragging me , said sarah nash , , of kent , a senior veterinary student who adopted her greyhound , kenyon , three years ago .
if we shoot and barely touch it , the satellite is just barely in orbit and would still burn up somewhat in the atmosphere , griffin said .
officials say two men in iran have been stoned to death for adultery and murder , while another escaped death by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried to face a similar fate , according to media reports .
malaysian security forces have used tear gas and water cannon to break up a protest by ethnic indians in the capital , kuala lumpur .
winehouse , , went to the private london clinic on sunday , said her spokesman , chris goodman .
some of wright s old sermons came under fire after a news report last week turned some of his most controversial comments into a youtube phenomenon .
las vegas , nevada cnn o . j . simpson will be charged with a total of six counts of robbery , assault , burglary and conspiracy , las vegas police announced sunday .
demanding changes to u . s . antidumping rules and having wider access to the u . s . textile market are two major negotiating points for korea .
an eu official , however , denied russian claims that the eu force would violate existing u . n . resolutions .
secretary general ban ki moon said he is extremely concerned about the delay in electing a new lebanese president , a hiatus that has gone well past the constitutional timeframe .
as with escalators , he sanitizes asap after using one .
hilton spent three weeks behind bars in june for violating her probation in a drunken driving case .
it was not clear if suu kyi was injured or whether she had enough food and water .
today , iraq has lost a dear son and a brave military leader , a citizen that always abided by the law , the constitution and values of rights and justice , iraqi president jalal talabani said in a statement about the death of maj . gen . qais al mamoori .
detailed construction costs will be made public .
investigators said the perpetrators held the depot manager s wife and year old son hostage as they forced the manager to let them inside the facility .
controllers launched the ibex craft on sunday afternoon from the kwajalein atoll , part of the marshall islands in the south pacific .
the fact that north korea is allowing south koreans to see the embarrassing foibles of its system shows its eagerness for economic help .
kobe bryant of the los angeles lakers was third with points , followed by san antonio s tim duncan points and cleveland s lebron james points .
at an alexandria , virginia , polling station , election officials said they were seeing a steady turnout .
mokbel was captured in a cafeteria in the athens coastal suburb of glyfada on information provided by australian authorities .
the news web site spiegel online reported that a photojournalist was injured and four people were detained when radical demonstrators clashed with police . police could not immediately confirm the report .
her predecessor , another african american , colin powell said he wept as he watched obama deliver his victory speech in chicago s grant park .
takeshima is the japanese name for tokto .
flightseeing tours may be cancelled if the weather is bad .
rally organizers charged the bush administration ignored international law by recognizing kosovo s secession and warned separatist movements in other countries would attempt to declare independence themselves .
another wild pandas lived on the wolong reserve before the quake struck , but researchers say it s unclear how many of the wild pandas survived .
the two men on trial , amjad mahmood and zahoor iqbal , are also accused of having a role in the plot but both deny the charges .
at a roundtable discussion in new haven , connecticut , clinton returned to two issues she repeatedly has touched on , health care and the economic concerns of the middle class .
deputy prime minister barham salih said that if a government had not been selected by then , discussions would continue within the assembly itself .
the study found similar differences when statistics were broken down according to location , with much higher death rates in economically depressed areas .
mccormack said u . s . authorities are working closely with their counterparts in baku and will determine when normal embassy operations will resume .
later hundreds of fans rampaged in rome and there were more protests in milan .
around here , if someone commits a crime , they are jailed , gomez said , no matter who they are .
the magic number that has given us everything from simple algebra to quantum physics , which forms the basis of modern computing in binary code and which , less profoundly , but perhaps more importantly , lets us know when we ve drained our bank account with one too many shopping trips .
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
but i am also someone with principle , with determination , with the confidence and courage to take up responsibility .
in a meeting held at the jw marriott hotel in seoul , the board of members unanimously approved not to offer a contract extension to laughlin , meaning his tenure will end on july this year .
we have a timeline for the implementation , iaea deputy director olli heinonen said after the talks which he said were good , constructive .
kgl has received millions of dollars in u . s . government contracts .
it was their eighth successive home victory on the trot and notable for the return to action of star striker samuel eto o after a long injury layoff .
both sons were members of the local awakening council , a movement of predominantly sunni muslims who have joined forces with the u . s . and iraqi governments in battling islamic jihadists loyal to al qaeda in iraq .
baghdad , iraq cnn turkey s armed forces stepped up their offensive against kurdish rebels in northern iraq on wednesday amid rising diplomatic tensions between baghdad and ankara .
my job is to protect our troops , and when we find devices that are in that country that are hurting our troops , we re going to do something about it , pure and simple . , he said . . .
fellow buddhists made no attempt to greet gyaltsen norbu during greeting ceremonies ahead of the conference on wednesday , the agency reported .
we haven t heard of anything
the nyongbyong reactor is capable of producing weapons grade plutonium .
at least six people died and more than were injured in the rush hour bombing at an ankara shopping district .
also in the top are greece s acropolis , mexico s chichen itza pyramid , the eiffel tower , easter island , brazil s statue of christ redeemer , the taj mahal and jordan s petra .
but moneymaker said members of his organization have either glimpsed bigfoot or gotten close enough to hear the creature in all but three of expeditions in the united states and canada .
the tax on chewing tobacco will go from . cents per pound to cents .
military officials said army experts were clearing buildings , streets and houses of explosives placed by the militants .
the idea snowballed and south korea experienced some of its largest anti u . s . demonstrations in years and critics called for a review of the u . s .
it depends on whom you ask , but on one issue , there is widespread agreement
it s dejavu all over again in washington state where flooding closed i for four days in december of .
if the illegal breeders think capture is near , they dump the animals in the streets , shen says .
the groom wasn t bad either .
obama leads in the overall delegate count , to clinton s , .
rice said the united states had problems with the way spain withdrew from iraq , not the fact that it took its troops out .
the madrid , spain based world tourism organization in october described africa as the industry s star performer .
local media reports estimated their value at around million , but cosomano and other curators said it is difficult to put a price on them because the paintings had not gone to auction .
and what did they say to you ?
the strikes coincide with the commercial launch of a new eurostar service connecting paris gare du nord with the new st . pancras terminal in waterloo .
successtech is a nontraditional high school , according to local school officials . since it is a specialty school , it doesn t have the typical population of a large high school , said lisa matthews of the superintendent s office .
the parliament s speaker twice counted heads in the chamber sunday but each time announced it was just eight members short of the needed for a quorum .
twenty two years in human resources , and it still affects me , natalie said .
.
work crews later confirmed the bus was indeed buried , and hundreds of rescuers worked to excavate the vehicle .
the tornado hit the town of qishi in southern china s guangdong province around noon saturday .
president george w . bush is bidding farewell to the white house press corps this morning in a wide ranging news conference .
what remains to be seen is how vigorously they are going to implement it , but it s certainly going to discourage investors .
designed to be a single player game .
lumingas classified the fish as coelacanth latemeria , a powerful predator with highly mobile , limb like fins .
there have been some fears that the arrival of the olympic torch could even spark violent protests against china , but there has been no talk of banning the torch by national olympic committees .
the police detained the passenger and his wife . they told us the warning was fake and that the plane could continue its flight .
investigators blamed the country s tamil tiger separatist movement for the attack , which occurred about p . m . gmt , et in the southern suburb of dehiwala .
move over scarlett johansson ! mikhail gorbachev is the new face of louis vuitton .
i was quite appalled that when i was actually able to speak with kevin , i was ordered not to tell him .
if it came down in one piece , nearly half the spacecraft would survive re entry and the hydrazine heated to a gas could spread a toxic cloud roughly the size of two football fields , cartwright said .
but in a setback for the defense , he said the arvizo family had never asked him for money , nor had he sent any .
for the mathematically challenged , redwood city teacher ron gordon says that is one of only six this century that will feature three consecutive odd numbers .
he says this shows that it is possible to successfully insert genes with a specific trait into a living animal .
g leaders plus others from top developing countries assessing the current rescue efforts and starting work on reforms .
the nd infantry , the main flag of the , u . s .
we know we didn t have the right kind of leadership . . . where government agencies were getting information from watching cable television rather than have a flow of information , mccain said during an event at xavier university in new orleans .
the year old went to a police station in the town of aizuwakamatsu , north of tokyo , carrying the head in a sports bag , japanese media said .
the value of all goods and services produced in the u . s .
she was nominated by her party the day before .
the normally busy summer driving season in the u . s . kicked off with the just ended memorial day weekend , and some analysts are predicting that data will show it had a lackluster start .
braised pork with caramelized onions
it is an insult to the united nations and the international community , johndroe said .
he resigned and the gnp will take stiffer measures against violators of the election law , cho told reporters .
gov . blagojevich has taken us to a new low , he said . this conduct would make abraham lincoln roll over in his grave .
police have declared bhutto s house in lahore a subjail and sent jail staff to monitor the situation .
among white voters without a college degree , clinton defeated obama by percentage points .
ankara , turkey cnn new turkish president abdullah gul approved a pro eu reformist cabinet on wednesday which reflected prime minister tayyip erdogan s aim to push ahead with stalled political and economic reforms needed to join the bloc .
this is a tough vote .
sarkozy , who in a fiery televised debate on wednesday watched by million people questioned whether royal posessed the temperament to be president , retorted that his opponent could feel the ground giving way beneath her feet .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
maurice chase celebrated his th birthday on st .
islamist militants struck back , kidnapping three prime ministers relatives .
the residential component will not occur for several years .
an increase in carbon dioxide favors the trees production of carbon based anti nutrients over nutrients , so leaves can become toxic to koalas , hume said .
security guards encircled the sports utility vehicle that carried the two time premier past hundreds of residents who squeezed into the narrow streets of the ayoub colony , a poor neighborhood , to welcome her .
he knows how to win these things , though , while novak djokovic is learning , and that made all the difference in federer s , , victory for a fourth consecutive u . s . open championship and th grand slam title .
new york cnn johnson johnson and the american red cross have resolved a lawsuit over the use of their shared red and white symbol .
of course , many studio executives objected to the decision , and even bond creator ian fleming said connery wasn t exactly what i had in mind .
in the first six months of this year , crimes were reported in which victims were contacted through online dating sites , compared with for all of last year .
the korea herald reports the government will introduce a flexible , daily work hour system for public institutions next year to reduce wasted energy due to rush hour traffic jams .
iran s reform movement peaked in the late s after reformist mohammad khatami was elected president and his supporters swept parliament .
exxon mobil did that well despite of th quarter profits that fell by a third on plunging oil prices .
sweden got off to a dream start when zlatan ibrahimovic provided a cross from the right for allback to head home from close range .
patil said lakshmi s parents are very practical and knew the risks of the medical treatment .
hundreds of people had been taking part in a may day protest over alleged corruption and illegal labor .
lorena ochoa withdrew from the ginn tribute event on wednesday , putting the top ranked player s duel with tournament host annika sorenstam on hold .
forest fires have razed , hectares on spain s canary islands , just as the tourist season reaches its peak , forcing the evacuation of more than , people , the island government said on tuesday .
government in general is even less interesting .
raymond said cattle that had lost the ability to walk since passing pre processing inspections were slaughtered without an inspector having examined them for chronic illness a practice he said violated federal regulations and had been going on for at least two years .
with the government s plan to dispatch additional forces nearing , the foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon and defense minister yoo kwang woong held a press conference and requested that people refrain from traveling to iraq and nations deemed dangerous .
the june contract for light , sweet crude traded as high as . on the new york mercantile exchange before settling back to . up . .
us president george w bush has suffered an unexpected and embarrassing blow after a new delay in john bolton s passage to becoming the us ambassador to the united nations .
chrysler wants to say goodbye to nearly dealers .
the white house says it s willing to help , but
may s toll was a significant decrease from april , when were killed the highest monthly figure since september .
they will also be selling books .
i , robert gabriel mugabe , do swear that i will well and truly serve zimbabwe in the office of president , so help me god , mugabe said at the state house complex in harare , standing before a red robed judge wearing a white wig .
about , french employees , mostly in the transportation sector , qualify for this plan .
loose record keeping caused the pentagon and the u . s . command in iraq to lose track of about , ak rifles and , pistols provided to the new iraqi national police and army , the government accountability office told congress .
still , the u . s . side made a point of noting simmering frustration .
lee , who marked his one year anniversary as chief justice on monday , had visited regional courts earlier this month .
their very different lives collided monday when cho targeted a classroom building where jeremy and so many others were following their dreams .
british prime minister gordon brown flew into southern iraq sunday to rally troops who are handing over the last region under their control to iraqi forces this month .
the conference on the so called comfort women will take place in seoul on may . north korea has sent a letter saying it would send five delegates to the meeting which also involves taiwan , the philippines , indonesia , east timor , australia and the united states .
news reports said three other people had been injured , including passers by .
it adds , few safety nets are available to children who fall out of the education system altogether .
it has been a long and difficult year where i managed to obtain great results , both on a professional and on a personal level , he said .
the all star third baseman has not played since leaving sunday s game in baltimore because of a strained right quadriceps .
the restriction , which tightens a midnight curfew for enlisted personnel on the southern japanese island , started early wednesday and was indefinite , the u . s . forces japan said in a statement .
accused mastermind russell defreitas , , is now in custody in new york , where he will have a bail hearing on wednesday .
it is desirable for a summit between seoul and washington to be held as soon as possible , presidential spokesman cheon ho seon told reporters .
kim jong il founded a film school in pyongyang that has become a routine stop for the country s few foreign visitors .
brown said all efforts were being taken to ensure her early release and that government officials were in touch with the teacher s family in the northern british city of liverpool .
in the letter , ballmer said yahoo s search share and page views , two measures of the strength of the web portal company s business , appear to have fallen since the offer was made at the end of january .
debris had been blown in to the street and against the neighboring apartment houses , shattering windows . i heard a huge boom .
in pyongyang , he plans to meet six party counterpart kim kye gwan and possibly other senior dprk officials , the department official said , calling north korea by its official name , the democratic people s republic of korea .
the ministry said it would submit the revision bill , including the income bracket change , to the national assembly , to be implemented from next january at the earliest .
chelsea pushed forward , but were caught out again in the th minute as jon obi mikel was robbed by vucinic who stole forward to beat cech with a low shot .
karr has said he was with jonbenet when she died , but insists her death was an accident .
one thing i m absolutely certain of is , come august when we re in denver , the democratic party will come together , he said .
but he also urged seoul and tokyo to look to their future relationship .
if i m your nominee , you will never have to worry that i will be knocked out of the ring because i do have the strength and experience to lead this country , she said . and i am ready to go toe to toe with senator mccain whenever and wherever he desires .
jeddah , saudi arabia cnn saudi king abdullah confirmed sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from million barrels to . million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices .
an outbreak of cholera was first reported in northern iraq last month and has been spreading to other parts of the country , according to the who , which issued an update about the problem on tuesday .
in july , as it does every year .
nick bollea was driving at a high rate of speed sunday evening when he lost control of the yellow supra , said wayne shelor , a spokesman for the clearwater , florida , police .
improving corporate governance is one of the most important tasks south korean companies are facing , kang said .
klatten , the daughter of the late bmw chief herbert quandt , holds a . percent stake in the german carmaker and a . percent share of chemical company altana .
this is not the first time that the company s ads have appeared near the airport .
the us federal reserve has slashed interest rates to . , its biggest cut in years .
hill said tuesday in tokyo that negotiators from pyongyang had not raised the issue of heavy fuel oil in return for shutting down its reactor .
they also studied women who did not develop the disease .
the year old was found dead in his new york flat on tuesday .
th and march th , when the court halted the weddings . the california supreme court on thursday voided the nearly , same sex marriages sanctioned in san francisco this year and ruled unanimously that the mayor overstepped his authority by issuing licenses to gay and lesbian couples .
pinheiro said the death toll would be among many facts he would investigate if he is allowed into myanmar .
find a husband or give up the chase for a year .
north korea would , it said , bolster its war deterrent in every way .
the military trial of a us army dog handler accused of abusing inmates at iraq s abu ghraib prison in and has opened with jury selection .
we know that their goal was very clear that is , specifically to sabotage the staging of the beijing olympics , communist party secretary wang lequan said .
bin laden also urges americans to embrace islam as a way to end the war in iraq , according to the transcript .
since , the population of jammu kashmir state has increased percent , and forest department officials say it has risen percent in the protected areas .
china sees taiwan as its territory , and says it is committed to reunification .
bhutan is considered one of the world s most isolated countries and the government strictly regulates foreign influences , including tourism , to preserve the country s buddhist culture .
the government estimates around , people are involved in prostitution in britain , with about , women having been trafficked for sexual exploitation .
you can also use a damp sponge .
there is no official date set for moving the brigade into afghanistan , and there has been no word on what units will replace the rd in iraq .
and instead of a purse , she carried a makarov pistol in a holster beneath her loose jacket .
police armed with riot gear and batons were then dispatched to the scene , he said , denying earlier reports that the police were from macau s riot squad .
among the artifacts found at the site are more than jar handles bearing distinct impressions which may indicate a link to royal vessels , the university said .
never ask a question to which you don t know the answer .
his attacker was not detained .
as the candidates talk about the domestic economy , the white house is being quizzed on whether it will back another economic stimulus package .
the stimulus package , unveiled earlier this month , will pump billion into rebuilding communities destroyed by the may earthquake , constructing railways , housing , airports and highways , and funding other projects .
in afghanistan , about medics of the dongui medical unit and engineers of the dasan engineering unit are operating a rehabilitation mission .
in removing city court judge robert restaino from office tuesday , the state commission on judicial conduct called his decision to lock up people after no one claimed ownership of the phone a gross deviation from the proper role of a judge .
wendell was my go to guy , she told the newspaper .
kentucky inmates ralph baze and clyde bowling jr . brought suit in federal court three years ago , questioning that state s three chemical mixture and the procedures used to administer it .
at yesterday s regular presser , we already answered a similar question .
schirra was commander of apollo , the first manned flight of the apollo spacecraft and the saturn b rocket .
he was elected president in and later won the nobel peace prize for his policy of engagement with north korea .
ainslie said he was delighted with the recognition .
the military is worried a protest planned for today might become unruly .
at the time , ban expressed regret , saying that countries participating in the six nation talks on north korea s nuclear programs should refrain from using expressions unfavorable to dialogue partners .
in this telling , it s a life that begins at when he picks up scott james franco , falls in love , comes out and drops out .
new presidents often use executive orders to put their stamp on washington quickly .
he called the resignation of kim jong bin an act of defiance that could not be tolerated , although kim was careful to accept an order from the justice minister not to detain a controversial academic before tendering his resignation .
japan and china have been at odds in recent years over japan s world war ii aggression , and china has often accused japan of not fully atoning for its atrocities .
yes , we will , they chanted at one point .
the u . n . security council had threatened a third round of sanctions against the country if it did not freeze the uranium enrichment program which iran maintains is for peaceful energy purposes , but the u . s . says is to hide a weapons program .
the four women , all members of the same plymouth family , were given one year suspended sentences for child cruelty offences .
the raid will help facilitate sunni resistance fighting in the muqdadiya area as the people have grown tired of the destruction al qaeda offers , he said .
group net performance swung to a million euro loss from a million euro profit in the same quarter last year . sales dipped
reducing foreclosures , spurring the lending and reining in excessive excessive , excessive executive compensation that infuriates all of us .
president bush expressed sympathy monday for the families of the , americans killed in the war in iraq , promising to make sure their loved ones were not lost in vain .
europe is set to send a probe to venus .
his wife , cherie , is roman catholic , the couple s children have attended catholic schools , and blair had regularly attended catholic , rather than anglican , services .
the decision came amid growing controversy over the costs of new public housing in eunpyeong , western seoul .
savor the moment
u . s . officials told cnn the question of india s ranking caused a heated debate between secretary of state condoleezza rice and deputy secretary of state john negroponte .
kabul , afghanistan cnn one of south koreans held hostage in afghanistan by the taliban has been killed , and militants have threatened to execute others , a local official and a taliban spokesman told cnn on wednesday .
dpj secretary general yukio hatoyama told reporters he had not accepted ozawa s resignation and that he hoped to persuade him to reconsider .
in beijing , us nuclear negotiator christopher hill said that north korea s failure to meet the april th deadline was cause for concern .
i said he d probably be about the fourth best quarterback in our conference .
stock markets in south korea , australia and singapore also advanced , although chinese shares faltered .
i will go to disneyland to stab visitors to death , the year old wrote , according to a police official in chiba , the suburban area where the amusement park is located .
his pickup truck runs on cooking oil . the cabins have showers , but guests can also take the locally made biodegradable soap provided down to an idyllic swimming hole in one of the site s eponymous three rivers .
she told the guardian the lights were fireworks her brother tim had bought at the local garden center for the th birthday party of dad peter bell .
see that fellow moving into the corner office down the hall ?
china has faced a number of recent cases involving alleged worker abuse .
he says it felt like the first time he received a best actor academy award nod years ago , for cry freedom .
last week , the u . s . senate passed a resolution condemning the decision to shut down the station .
around europe , germany s share dax index added . percent while uk s ftse and france s cac both rose . percent .
i think we re all surprised and disappointed it s not good for anybody , a glum oscar said .
they spend about percent of the night in the woodlands , and the rest of the time in the plains , moving quickly and erratically while the lions hunt there .
a group of koreans was abducted a week ago .
it ll be online at whitehouse . gov .
the other new saints are
cnn the north pole may be briefly ice free by september as arctic sea ice is melted away by global warming , according to scientists from the national snow and ice data center nsidc in boulder , colorado .
the fbi said it was investigating suspects in the united states and working with authorities in austria and other nations as part of the probe .
barrasso says the green push will be costly to the american people , and leave the country more dependent on foreign oil .
stocks opened sharply higher this morning on wall street
the taleban have also said they want south korea s troops to leave although seoul already plans to take its troops out by the end of the year .
in the near future , consumers may be able to order any movie over a cable , satellite or phone network .
sunday s statement also warned that the north would suspend all scheduled inter korean dialogue unless seoul retracts and apologizes for the remark by its new top military leader .
jon , those leaders are expected to tell him today a bill likely won t be ready until a month later , probably mid february .
atlanta , georgia cnn atlanta was scrambling back to normalcy monday , but city officials warned it could take time to clear the devastation left by a tornado that swept through the city s downtown friday evening .
police identified the gunman as pekka eric auvinen , a senior at the high school in the southern finnish town of tuusula , about miles north of helsinki .
however , about percent predicted the gnp will successfully select one presidential standard bearer to run in the election .
sen . barack obama , the newly minted presumed democratic presidential nominee , said wednesday that it was very humbling to be the the first african american to lead a major party s ticket and expressed confidence the party would unify behind him .
four palestinians were killed in the israeli airstrike , according to palestinian medical sources .
if the insurgents goal was to injure and kill afghan citizens , they succeeded .
addressing reporters , rice thanked abbas for his personal commitment to peace and understanding , which has led the palestinian people to international agreements that recognize the importance of the two state solution and all that comes along with that .
i wouldn t bet the mortgage on the fact that january is going to continue , said rex johnson , head of the hawaii tourism authority .
some , people are now receiving aids drugs purchased through the clinton foundation .
rebel spokesman rasiah ilanthirayan did not answer repeated calls from the ap seeking comment .
in a statement released later friday , the u . s . military said iraqi and u . s . forces detained suspected al qaeda in iraq terrorists during a raid on al qaeda in iraq leadership who had gathered to elect a new emir because the previous one had been killed the day before in a firefight .
as he left the ibero american summit in chile s capital , santiago , chavez questioned whether spain s ambassador had appeared with venezuelan interim president pedro carmona during the two day coup in with the monarch s blessing .
most of these servants are blacks and mexicans .
sheehan described the gunman who later shot and killed himself according to police as a young man wearing a short sleeved tan shirt and black ammunition vest .
n . k . defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing .
also known as queen min , the empress was spouse to joseon s th king , emperor gojong .
pakistan s former prime minister nawaz sharif is heading home at the end of seven years in exile .
the visit is part of a disablement process that was put into gear by the october rd agreement signed at six party talks last week .
wal mart cannot accept bc card s demand for a fee increase .
a bus collided with a train in eastern cuba , killing at least people and injuring another , including in critical condition , state media reported sunday .
this bloody action of the government will cause the new wave of the mass protest in this country , which may lead to the end of this government , an opposition leader said .
black and his co defendants were convicted of fraud last july for allegedly siphoning money out of the company .
he said the executive branch , openly and enthusiastically aided by the military , has impeded the right of leftist parties to operate freely .
meanwhile , north korea is pressing for settlement of issues stemming from japan s harsh colonial rule over the korean peninsula .
the reclassifications , which are to take effect on monday , will increase the number of speculative zones to from the current , the ministry of finance and economy said yesterday .
us troop levels in iraq are now due to be reduced by about , by july , but bush said after that , the drawdown process would be frozen .
video footage from the scene showed the street jammed with emergency vehicles , and injured victims writhing in the middle of the road .
the militants say they will start killing a busload of south korean hostages , also captured thursday , if their country does not withdraw its troops from afghanistan .
february natural gas fell . cents to settle at . per , cubic feet .
grown up boy band take that took the british single of the year prize for its song shine and also was named best live act .
burns said he hopes the united states and other permanent members of the u . n . security council , plus germany , can quickly draft a resolution to see iran repudiated again .
roh chats and drinks cheap soju liquor with his aides in casual attire something unthinkable for his predecessors .
korean government officials said that the victim seemed to be year old rev . bae hyung kyu , whom the taliban claimed to have deserted on the road in musheky , ghazni .
past weekends have produced such companies as market monitor , a search engine optimization tool , and idream , an online collection of dreams and dream interpretations .
five decades later , now firmly in the pacific and beyond british empire , new zealanders would cringe at that .
clinton took the larger share of california s democratic delegates .
the harvard financial aid initiative , announced in by summers , slashed the amount low income students must pay to attend the oldest u . s . institute of higher learning .
the , south korean troops deployed in the kurdish autonomous region of irbil in northern iraq have been ordered not to leave their compound after an unidentified explosive device went off wednesday just outside the base .
the danger passed quickly , but officials rejected suggestions they overreacted , adding that the emergency tested procedures put in place after the indian ocean disaster that left , dead or missing in a dozen countries .
zane presents a mixture of accessibility and reserve .
following news of his death , hundreds of people gathered in the streets around his jakarta house , many with tears in their eyes .
williams agent mara buxbaum confirmed that the couple is splitting , but had no further comment .
there is no word of any injuries .
haggard now sells insurance and debt reduction software .
so what is apple doing next ?
by friday , more than . million pilgrims had arrived in mecca , according to the central hajj committee .
in washington , at least three government investigations will probe the columbia disaster , and nasa s shuttle program director vowed to find the answers so america can continue sending people into space .
with today s deal , ilfc is the largest customer of the with planes and one plane on order .
and hwang young gi , former chairman of the board of woori finance holdings , took bribes from the conglomerate .
president roh moo hyun will have summit talks with kazakh president nursultan nazarbaev monday to discuss issues of mutual interest , including ways of promoting cooperation in energy and natural resources .
the flight was bound for houston , texas , and was taking off about p . m . saturday when it skidded into a ravine and caught fire .
yet neither of these major hubs appeared in foreign policy magazine s review of the five worst airports , published in .
international assistance may be required to help health workers in poorer countries identify and contain outbreaks of emerging viral diseases such as ebola and marburg haemorrhagic fever , the who said .
president elect barack obama is said to be ready to name former democratic rival hilary clinton to be his secretary of state .
when informed of the news in baghdad , youssif ran around his house , saying , daddy , daddy , am i really going to get on a plane ? !
for the time being brazil has not yet been given the world cup , blatter said shortly ahead of tuesday s formal handover .
sarkozy and royal will participate in a debate four days prior to the may runoff vote , french channel tf reported ,
critics say both goals would have been better served by a series of smaller dams .
the ban will last for three weeks .
their departure followed comments made last week by south korean unification minister kim ha joong .
group called the islamic state of iraq , shows a group of iraqi men blindfolded in a room .
flash floods and inundated roads hampered the rescue efforts and traffic in the city of million , about miles southeast of the capital , dhaka . many schools and businesses were forced to close for the day .
but blagoevich failed to meet a filing deadline for a witness list .
hundreds of thousands of people have rallied in istanbul in support of secularism in turkey , amid a row over a vote for the country s next president .
the first and only inter korean summit between kim and north korean leader kim jong il in opened the doors for a flurry of economic , cultural and political reconciliation projects such as the kaesong industrial park in the north korean border town and tourism programs to the north s mount kumgang .
the film also features celebrity guest stars like sean penn and bruce willis mercilessly sending themselves up
au un joint special representative rodolphe adada said he was profoundly shocked and appalled by the outrageous and deliberate attack , which happened on saturday evening at a base in haskanita town .
plus , the white house says it s all ears if lawmakers have other ideas when they return to work next week .
bush did not call on the united nations security council to take up the issue , though other lower level u . s . officials have called for such a move .
i served under president clinton . but i served well . and i served the country well .
as a result , they are now exporting not just goods , but ideas .
as a result , these refugees are trapped in the garbage dump not enough money to go elsewhere and no prospects back home .
the number of refugees worldwide has gone up for the first time in five years , largely because of the exodus of more than million iraqis from their war torn homeland in , according to a u . n . report out monday .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
police said the tape was in his possession for at least five months before he handed it over to authorities .
the fighting forced thousands to flee , most of them going to kousseri , cameroon , just across a river from n djamena .
hours after a qassam rocket shot into israel from gaza killed an israeli civilian , israel s prime minister on sunday warned all those involved in firing qassams will be hit . no one is immune .
the korean film festival will start its third edition on november at london s arts hub , the barbican .
many ukrainians , tired of living with radiation scares , were relieved at its closure .
incursions over the line have resulted in clashes .
security is fundamental , he said . no agreement and no palestinian state will be born of terror .
i think they want to get beyond some of the racial politics that , you know , has been so dominant in the past , obama , who would be the first black u . s . president , told abc s this week .
it raises the amount of good cholesterol in the blood .
critics say demolishing housing that has been here for years and relocating some residents but not others will hurt many who live on the margins of society .
fighter jets spewed colored smoke as they formed the shape of a heart overhead .
hussein is buried next to his sons odai and qusai , who died in a gun battle with u . s . forces in a in the northern city of mosul .
from the first ysl tuxedo and his trim pantsuits to see through blouses , safari jackets and glamorous gowns , saint laurent created instant classics that remain stylish decades later .
even rescue workers paused from the job of clearing debris and searching for survivors to mark the moment .
this material may not be published .
clapton is good .
on june in the neighboring shabwa province , a yemeni guard opened fire on a group of foreign oil workers shortly after they landed at a company airstrip , killing one and wounding five including an american .
many are simply expected to purchase the car for the wow factor once it hits dealerships in january .
the americans also had full knowledge by then of japan s atrocious treatment of women in countries across asia that it conquered during the war .
nts tax audits of foreign funds .
the monks are frustrated and angry , said zin linn , information minister for the washington based national coalition government of the union of burma , which is burma s government in exile .
free wi fi ?
it s becoming like tossing a coin in the trevi fountain , said perina .
despite heavy rain , palin s likeness went up in seconds
there s no getting around the constitution s ineligibility clause , so hillary clinton is prohibited from serving in the cabinet until at least , when her current term expires , judicial watch president tom fitton said in a statement .
cooper said more hollywood types are now interested .
subsequent administrations spent billions of dollars on programs with names like community action , model cities , community development block grants , and urban development action grants .
an ontario judge has ruled that steven cranley cannot have a girlfriend until .
when edward and sophie married in , it was announced that their children would not bear the title of royal highness .
kerry said he d never seen the u . s . such a target of world animosity .
at this defining moment in history , we believe that americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of washington so that we can solve the common and urgent challenges of our time , the statement said .
kershaw now greets his former enemies with kisses , hears their grievances , spends time in their homes and even shares meals with them .
north korea is not a threat to attack south korea , but its ability to ship weapons to hostile countries or terrorists is a danger , u . s .
early sunday , china s coast guard rescued sailors from a hong kong freighter that suffered mechanical failure after it was hit by the storm off wenzhou , xinhua said .
opponents also said that the office of the presidential nominee made a public relations blunder as they made news of the meeting public when it had not been officially confirmed by the white house .
but midwife comfort momoh , who specializes in treating them at london hospitals and clinics and who works with police , told the news conference she treats victims every year .
the head of england s football association believes that the global credit crisis could force one of the country s top teams into bankruptcy .
it attracted a youthful audience boys , mostly who fell victim to its colorful images , dripping in red , and gave money to its purveyors .
japan and china have failed to make any progress in their dispute over energy resources in the east china sea , but have agreed to talk again .
their exit began as night fell tuesday , amid a lull in the clashes between militants of the fatah al islam group and the lebanese army .
the plane was submerged in murky , orange brown swamp , with scraps of metal and plastic floating on the surface .
two other famous american exports levi s and coca cola have largely escaped the sanctions .
and the thing that probably may encourage them a little is that sen . obama has been wrong , mccain said in an interview to be aired on cnn s the situation room at p . m . et wednesday .
the actor also earned critical praise for supporting turns in the movies the aviator , the departed and the cooler .
in the final hours before the iowa caucuses , candidates are trying to gain the support of the undecided and make sure their supporters show up .
the resolution allows the use of force in self defense , to ensure freedom of movement for humanitarian workers and to protect civilians under attack .
half blood prince sold . million copies in the first hours .
preliminary estimates from early september suggest that the seasonal hole had dwindled to about million square km , according to nasa .
ford is the automaker that said it didn t need a government bailout , and ceo alan mulally says better days lie ahead
euro champs joint hosts please platini
the channel separates the black sea from the sea of azov .
it s basically an investment strategy .
police had secured warrants to search the premises and confiscate evidence monday night .
caretaker prime minister , perhaps to be replaced closer to the march presidential vote .
these insistent attempts to return people to a conflict zone are absolutely incompatible with russia s obligations under international law .
while scientists say it is just early days and they need more scientific data , they do say the regional and global impact of the haze will intensify over the next years , with an estimated five billion people living in asia .
a peaceful demonstration involving tens of thousands of diverse protesters was marred on saturday by the worst street violence seen in germany for years when hundreds of black clad activists bombarded police with stones and torched three cars .
the fervent home fans were celebrating again minutes later when johnson burst clear of two defenders down the right and kanu was waiting at the far post to slide his low cross into the net .
the tragedy at the mine came hours before people died in a fire at a care home in southern russia . full story
o grady told the british press association that he had spoken to ballesteros brother , who had said the first operation went well .
okay , thanks a lot , rita .
kim was quoted by a newspaper as saying , while the majority or percent picked the u . s . , percent said they regarded north korea as the main enemy . he said the result was unbelievable , stressing the respondents were those who were supposed to be military officers .
nato and u . s . forces in afghanistan have taken heavy criticism in the past for the deaths of civilians killed in airstrikes .
the promotion of peace is an essential value of democracy , he said , and you re not going to see any integration in latin america or south america if those of us in the various countries don t actively cooperate so that these acts never happen again .
foreign minister ban ki moon , now visiting china , and his chinese counterpart li zhaoxing agreed to step up efforts for a peaceful resolution of the standoff , according to cho tae yong , head of the taskforce at the south korean foreign ministry dealing exclusively with the north s nuclear issue .
iran played down the event , describing it as an ordinary occurrence .
instant messaging programs often contain an array of faces intended to express emotions ranging from surprise to affection to embarrassment .
once described as the single best idea anyone has ever had , english naturalist charles darwin s theory of evolution proposes that all life , including humans , is related and is descended from a common ancestor .
japanese chief cabinet secretary shinzo abe asked south korea on monday to refrain from carrying out the survey .
since , south korea has provided . million tons of rice to the north to feed its hungry civilians .
during the and flu seasons , nearly , participants each year were given the flu shot .
the officers were stunned when a passenger , identified as yahia rahim tulba , told them his carryon bag contained live snakes after he was asked to open it .
it s a crowded field to choose from and the choice depends on what you class as bad .
u . s . experts said anyone planning nonessential travel to mainland china , hong kong , singapore or hanoi may wish to postpone their trips .
in his interview with channel , larijani faulted britain for creating a harsh diplomatic atmosphere that has prolonged the dispute and said the british government s wrong attitude should be corrected .
minivan for him and a romantic paris wedding for both .
the north , which successfully tested a nuclear bomb in , commonly uses the word deterrent to refer to its nuclear weapons program .
the rest of the casualties were the result of bombings in baghdad .
it was amazing , hawking , paralyzed by a progressive neurological disorder , said afterward through an electronic device .
washington turned out adoring schoolchildren and ladies in hats for queen elizabeth ii s visit .
cnn s kyung lah reported .
ringing dollar bell the latest surge in crude prices is partly due to weakness in the u . s . dollar , analysts said .
the band also is seeking an injunction that could take the best selling game off store shelves .
in , million american adults were internet users , lead study author dr . bess h . marcus said in a statement .
argentina , which claims the islands , invaded them in april , and its troops were evicted two months later by a british task force .
senators rejected a motion to take the bill to a final vote meaning action on the planned law is now unlikely until the presidential poll in .
four police officers were slightly injured , he said .
goodling s decision to plead the fifth amendment raises even more questions concerning the potential misconduct and legal violations by the administration in this ongoing scandal , said rep .
the result has been a new wave of displaced people several thousand forced from homes or fleeing in fear , barrett said .
that is a jobs guarantee program that pays laid off auto workers up to of their regular pay .
analysts say that whatever the verdict , his supporters are likely to use the occasion to hold a protest rally .
the crash saturday , during a precision flying team demonstration , injured eight people on the ground and damaged eight structures , said u . s . marine corps capt . sarah kansteiner , a military spokesperson , sunday . none of the injuries is life threatening , she said .
extra sleep helps the heart , researchers say
we just can t afford to be lazy or relaxed , said choi in woong , a civil engineer .
he said the south korean government submitted a report on the secret scientific activity to the iaea last month .
n . k . will give up its nuclear weapons conditionally .
that will also give more time to agree on constitutional reforms designed to grant more autonomy to dutch speaking flanders and francophone wallonia .
instead , the department said it has asked the local government to consider moving the animals which have been blamed for ruining the habitat of rare lizards and insects to another site .
the battle near the camp continued into monday , killing at least lebanese soldiers and wounding others .
monasteries in yangon remained deserted , villarosa said , adding that she believed a considerable number of monks were detained .
gibraltar is a british territory on the southern tip of spain .
researchers could draw no definite conclusion about why certain programs seemed more effective that others .
cnn sudan has arrested a british teacher for insulting faith and religion , the british foreign office said monday .
don t read ! ! personall , warns the diary s inside cover .
dean also was found guilty of conspiracy to commit indecent acts and two minor charges .
the couple s identities have been protected for legal reasons .
the nation s four bell companies , delivering dsl service over phone lines , remain in a prime position to capture customers in their markets .
and security experts have long pointed out the vulnerabilities associated with rail travel and the difficulty in securing trains .
but we re gonna wind up with one of these guys as president of the united states .
rome , italy cnn a sicilian mother took away her year old son s house keys , cut off his allowance and hauled him to the police station because he stayed out late .
portuguese authorities have not commented publicly on evidence or interviews in the case .
numerous movies have been shot in that area , including several scenes of the hit back to the future , meyer said .
those contests gave him a lead over clinton in pledged delegates to the convention , but clinton still held a narrow edge over obama when superdelegates elected officials and party leaders are included in the tally , according to cnn estimates .
a los angeles times study showed that more americans went to the cinema this year than at any time since , with escapism from recession and the threat of terrorism proving a major boon to the box office .
the center called his cell phone operator when his red clamshell mobile turned up there two weeks ago .
oil prices rose above a barrel to a new trading high in asia monday on growing political tensions in the middle east , a weak dollar and worries about the supply outlook ahead of the winter .
gul s nomination , supported by prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , has raised concerns among turkey s secular establishment over growing islamist influence within government .
in northern kunduz , a suicide bomber targeted foreigners in a four wheel drive vehicle , but they were unhurt in the blast , said kunduz provincial police chief gen . ayub salangi .
the cause of the fire was unknown . welders had been working on the roof .
microsoft chief executive steve ballmer had orally offered to pay per share or . billion for yahoo , up from an initial bid valued at . billion , or per share .
bush and hu also discussed issues including taiwan north korea s denuclearization and burma , the white house statement said .
article , section of the constitution says the following
the latest estimate shows iran needs to be taken seriously as a threat to peace , bush said .
the us military says two of its choppers crashed today in northern iraq , killing four american troops .
a smaller sign said it really was a pepper paste factory .
korean college graduates already suffer a low standard of english , and it s believed by some educators that the practice of us institutions teaching in korean will lower the general english competency of the college graduates .
both france and germany raised doubts about the need for more troops during the nato conference .
it got dubya elected . he did very well with that .
but for now , says dr .
never again will there be a mismanaged natural disaster , he said , later assuring the crowd that it will never happen again in this country you have my commitment and my promise .
though the lebanese army could not immediately confirm the report , media outlets were reporting that al abssi is among the dead .
ahmadinejad brushed away the threat of further sanctions in his speech sunday , calling them ineffective .
the british broadcasting corporation bbc suspended one of its best known stars while another resigned wednesday for broadcasting a series of gross and abusive telephone calls .
so where did the first half of the billion bailout money go ?
thirteen year old katharine tuck s sneakers smell as bad as they look .
polls suggest obama is approaching the electoral votes he needs to win the white house .
jalili was set to meet with javier solano , the european union foreign policy chief , on tuesday in rome for talks .
london , england a giant silhouette of a naked pole dancer painted on a field beneath gatwick airport s flight path is disturbing the british countryside .
alejandro blanco , president of the spanish olympic committee , which in june organized a contest seeking proposals for lyrics and got , entries , said four stanzas announced friday as the official candidate were being shelved because of a lack of consensus .
robert hass for time and materials and philip schultz for failure .
in a rare interview with britain s channel four , mullah dadullah the man in charge of day to day military operations for the hardline islamic militia also claimed he had a regular line of communication with osama bin laden .
participants in the meeting also discussed other security issues , such as the inter korean military talks and the construction of an industrial complex in kaesung , north korea , near the border village of panmunjom . the korea times reports president roh moo hyun thursday ordered measures be taken to set up a cooperative self defense system to cope with the relocation of some of the u . s . forces here to iraq .
i gave her the opportunity to come back into the match and it became difficult for me .
ioc president jacques rogge had warned in the past that pollution might force some outdoor endurance events to be delayed .
first there was the cinema screen , then there was television screen , then the internet through a computer screen .
in one , a suspect is invited to a fake fashion shoot and told he s going to become a supermodel , according to fox reality s web site .
tokyo , japan cnn a year old japanese girl killed herself by mixing laundry detergent with cleanser , releasing fumes that also sickened people in her apartment house , police said thursday as they grappled with a spate of similar suicides .
and the king of independence day , will smith , who s also carved out a holiday following with such films as ali , the pursuit of happyness , i am legend and
south korea says that a planned summit with north korea will aid international efforts to end the country s nuclear program .
among the most contentious issues will be whether emission cuts should be mandatory or voluntary and how to help the world s poorest countries adapt to a warmer climate .
the bank of england s rate decision will be in focus on thursday .
radcliffe was when he was first cast as the bespectacled schoolboy wizard .
the report was made by someone who claimed to own the giant gemstone , los angeles sheriff s lt . thomas grubb said .
eia estimates oil prices in the fourth quarter to average a barrel .
in its latest survey of small manufacturers , the industrial bank of korea found that . percent of the respondents are considering moving their plants abroad in less than two years .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki met sunday with the top u . s . military commander in iraq to voice his outrage over the reported deaths of iraqi civilians during a sunday morning military raid in baghdad s sadr city , a government spokesman told cnn .
but of those seats are among the being investigated , mostly amid accusations of vote buying .
like bush , howard has come under increased criticism at home for supporting the unpopular war .
he revealed his wish to discuss ways to establish a permanent communication channel based on the six party framework to handle various issues for the sake of peace on the korean peninsula and in northeast asia .
in preparation for the scheduled cross border railroad tests on may , north korea yesterday proposed holding a general level military meeting between the two koreas to discuss safety measures for the trains and the passengers who will travel inside the demilitarized zone .
according to the pro gop drudge report , which published the photograph on monday , it was circulated by clinton staffers .
seven premier league clubs are in the hands of foreign owners
chicago s larry hughes scored points in the second half against his former team as the bulls with nothing left to play for this season came from points down in the second half to snap a six game road losing streak .
the downturn left yahoo s market value about billion below microsoft s last offer .
president bush may be part of the reason why obama s making gains .
amy taylor , , said she had caught husband david pollard , , having sex with an animated woman .
it is the second time the senior citizen has committed arson .
fitzgerald said the government had bugged the governor s campaign office and placed a tap on his home phone .
singer amy winehouse now has a court order banning the paparazzi from pursuing her outside her london home .
a crush of pilgrims in killed people , and the following year more than were killed when several pilgrims tripped over baggage while others behind them kept pushing ahead .
meanwhile uk prime minister gordon brown has said chinese premier wen jiabao says he is ready to talk to the dalai lama if the tibetan spiritual leader renounces violence and demands for tibetan independence .
woods also said he suffered a double stress fracture of his left tibia while preparing to return to the pga tour last month , which forced him to miss the memorial and was the source of his pain at torrey pines where he won the u . s . open .
and continuing with creamer s illness . amidst the drama , shin stayed steady , never too far up , never too far down .
lee choon ho had been under attack from the liberal united democratic party udp for alleged property speculation , as she owns properties in cities across the nation .
north korea has been sending some positive signals to the outside world , which some experts view as a possible policy shift that might lead to a breakthrough in its standoff with the united states , the korea times reports .
as to who ll be playing the president after tomorrow , armisen and hammond predicted a tie on nbc s today show .
zimbabwe s main opposition party , the movement for democratic change , submitted a petition to the high court on friday to order the zimbabwe electoral commission to release the figures from the march election .
doctors are considering the complications that could arise from the surgery .
in mild cases , ev causes cold like symptoms , diarrhea , and sores on the hands , feet and mouth .
last year , the military ruled harry could not be sent to iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk .
rome , italy cnn tweety may get a chance to take the witness stand and sing like a canary .
at least people have died in bombings and shootings since the red mosque siege began on july , ap said .
the year old said he will remain governor .
thirty five sect members are believed to have entered the cave initially , interfax said .
it wasn t very tough .
the us , for its part , plans to withdraw a third of its troops from south korea by the end of .
the plan includes lowering how much homeowners owe , along with cutting the interest rate or lengthening the term of the loan .
the school would also offer counseling for students , though because of federal laws , officials cannot ask students about their sexual orientation .
completely unrealistic assumptions about a post saddam iraq permeate these war plans , said national security archive executive director thomas blanton in a statement posted on the organization s web site along with copies of some charts used in the powerpoint presentation . read the documents on the national security archive web site
eta is listed as a terrorist group by the united states and the european union .
diyarbakir is the largest city in the mainly kurdish southeast .
his condition deteriorated rapidly a week ago when he developed pneumonia and sepsis , a blood infection particularly dangerous for the elderly .
china is canceling its punitive tariffs on three japanese products .
it said an eighth soldier had also been captured , ap reported .
they were joined on stage by all the performers , including members of the original cast , for one last bow .
on easter , christians celebrate their belief in the resurrection of jesus two days after he was crucified .
mosquitoes spread the virus to birds , animals and humans .
most infected people suffer fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps starting to hours after infection .
two teens are charged with murdering another teen in a school shooting that prompted outraged provincial and local officials to call for tighter federal gun control laws .
the financial turmoil is more severe than the asian financial crisis , he said .
henan s police governor qin yuhai vowed to do everything we can to fight human trafficking and rescue those held captive .
i don t want to be a product , he says . of course you want the movies to do well . but i don t want to know . . . who s hot now and who s not and who s making this much dough and who s boffing this woman or that one .
the web page carried information about activities of president michelle bachelet and about the upcoming ibero american summit for leaders from throughout latin america , spain and portugal .
the man was allegedly shown sexually abusing young vietnamese and cambodian boys , apparently ranging in age from six to early teens , in about photographs posted on the internet . the man s face was disguised in the photos as a digitalized whirl .
we are four days away from the election and the candidates are working hard to get the voters to the polls .
marciano s winning bid , made by telephone , came to , , including the buyer s premium . it was just short of the all time auction record for a stone or piece of jewelry , a record held by the same sotheby s branch in geneva for a . carat diamond that fetched . million in .
the driver opened the doors of the vehicle after the migrants banged on the walls but he fled on foot when he saw what had happened .
restrictions to where you can smoke may have led more people to quit smoking altogether .
he has been charged with murders , most committed over the course of five years in a sprawling park on the edge of moscow .
the two sides will aim to sign a memorandum of understanding allowing banks to set up branches on each side , he said .
a pair of high profile backers of sen . barack obama have called on his rival , sen . hillary clinton , to drop out of the race for the democratic nomination for president .
you deserve those answers .
israel has called up some reserve ground troops a sign that it s preparing to invade gaza .
the second denuclearization step of disabling north korea s key nuclear facilities will commence this week with the visit of u . s . experts tomorrow .
he didn t train today and he is doubtful for tomorrow , yallop told a news conference in hollywood on monday to launch the inaugural superliga competition .
worldwide survey shows people have favorable opinion about americans but antipathy toward bush .
linda king , a local dentist , is buying up the candy to send to troops .
the ioc will begin testing the beijing samples at its labs in january , with results expected at the end of the first quarter of , the ioc said .
practical measures the u . s . and japan , in particular , will take to roll back their hostile policies toward north korea , according to the statement carried by the official korean central news agency .
a former yangon resident now living in thailand told ap that angry government officials told him that high energy biscuits rushed into myanmar on the world food program s first flights were sent to a military warehouse .
and she questions the timing of the release of this video
it focused on the results from more than participants nationwide who had engaged in sexual intercourse by the third survey .
the county fire chief says they re doing all they can to get a handle on this fire .
bad reputations tend to stick , even with foods .
prime minister goh kun on monday tendered his resignation , refusing to buckle under pressure to pass on recommendations needed to appoint new cabinet ministers .
senator clinton recently claimed that she s the most transparent figure in public life , yet she s dragging her feet in releasing something as basic as her annual tax returns , obama s communications director , robert gibbs , said in a statement .
north korea has repeatedly refused to hold multilateral talks on the nuclear issue , insisting on direct meetings with the united states to negotiate a nonaggression treaty .
vladimir putin , fiercely opposed to u . s . plans for missile defense in europe , tried out new russian alternatives on president bush on monday .
mohammed is a member of the iraqi accordance front , part of the largest sunni bloc in parliament .
urs eicher , speaking on behalf of a flight attendants union , criticized the high compensation that taxpayers would ultimately have to pay .
karzai is telling reporters today he would provide protection for taliban chief mullah omar , should the islamist group s leader agree to peace talks .
but a few years ago skeptics took a hard look at what fat people actually eat in real life and found that obese subjects consistently underreport their calorie intake by some .
it was great fun in those two years before the first concert , kaye recalls . literally after the first couple of rehearsals for every orchestra he conducted , solti would call in who he regarded as the star of the orchestra and say , my dear , we are doing an extraordinary concert in geneva , would you come ?
many women rejected the payments , demanding government compensation and a parliament approved apology .
but they were conspicuously quiet on the imf s remark that a weaker yen could be desirable .
rowling brought the lawsuit last halloween along with film company warner bros . , which owns the intellectual property related to the potter books and movies .
the ministry also confirmed it would begin implementing a deal to shut down its main reactor a day before un nuclear inspectors are due to visit .
pakistan s lawyers movement has been demanding the restoration of the judiciary since musharraf declared emergency rule and removed the judges in november .
studies show that only one in to one in people who are infected actually go on to develop symptoms .
bhutia is the first athlete to refuse to run with the torch .
they died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in the town of villiers le bel , police said .
a representative with turkish foreign ministry also said the talks did not go well .
clinton was referring to a bill that obama drafted after an illinois nuclear power plant was found to have released radiation into surrounding groundwater .
the dead included two women , and three women and five children were among those injured , said the hospital officials . all the officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the press .
the deal also called for a working group on normalisation of u . s . north korean relations to meet within days .
it would be my honor to assist and support our new president and the new administration , said palin , whom sen . john mccain chose as his running mate in august .
amtrak chief executive alex kummant told ap the new measures are not a response to a new or different specific threat , but rather , he said , just the correct step to take .
it is this period of time , more than , years ago , which modern day farming can be traced back to .
one diver says when it was over , the goose waddled away and joined the rest of the flock for a swim .
cnn at least five people and a suicide bomber were killed in a monday attack on a luxury hotel in kabul , while six others were wounded , officials said .
the first approved a . per hour minimum wage increase , bringing it up to . , along with about billion in domestic spending .
six more tornado related deaths were reported in georgia early friday , bringing to the number of fatalities blamed on a storm system that blasted the central and southeastern united states .
palestinian statehood , us talks with iran
one of the architects of the bush administration s war on terror and the development of the detention center is former vice president dick cheney .
los angeles , california cnn lindsay lohan was sued tuesday for assault and negligence by a woman who was a passenger in a car the actress is accused of chasing while under the influence of drugs or alcohol .
roh and kim dae jung last met months ago when kim s presidential library opened on the campus of yonsei university .
well , they re not saying that out loud , but clearly , they wouldn t , the u . s . wouldn t be marshaling the kind of top level talent it is sending here um , if there wasn t a worry , that would be the case , or that this would be a missed opportunity .
the contortions these academics go through to justify their behavior make for amusing reading .
there is no escape for what the united nations and human rights groups estimate are , child soldiers today .
yahoo s michael callahan originally told congress he did not know why china wanted the reporter s details .
now , you can take a look at some of the biggest and best yachts in existence .
consequently , the number of boats landing in aden has jumped from to since january while the number of fatalities has remained constant , according to unhcr .
bush is expected to announce that he plans to reduce us troops in iraq by about , by next summer , if certain conditions are met , white house officials say .
obama called pennsylvania an uphill climb , but said his campaign has showed he can compete in a big state .
police said they expected the death toll in baquba to rise as there were still charred bodies inside cars at the scene .
the intent is to bleed off some of the dollars flowing into the country because of strong exports those inflows have spurred a rise in the value of the won that has threatened to put a damper on korea s export competitiveness .
what they re doing to me is cowardice , she told rio s o globo newspaper after her arrest .
but the president elect has also enlisted a former treasury secretary to head his national economic council , lawrence summers , who coordinate economic policy making at the white house .
police do not know the motive behind the shooting , but believe the gunman was targeting one of the victims , de la torre said .
firefox also offers other design and speed improvements .
patrick sinkewitz , who was sacked by the team earlier this year , recently admitted to doping offences while competing for t mobile , and several of the team s former riders , including former tour de france winner jan ullrich , have either admitted to or been implicated in doping scandals .
the urgency of recent events has reinforced the need for the international community , bearing in mind the obligations of the parties , to help palestinians as they build the institutions and economy of a viable state in gaza and the west bank , able to take its place as a peaceful and prosperous partner to israel and its other neighbors .
i don t think we are the problem .
the production of , centrifuges would allow iran to begin industrial scale production of nuclear fuel a move that has raised international concern that the country might ultimately produce nuclear weapons .
paisley s deputy , mcguinness , said he was increasingly confident that the new government would work , saying it was a good day .
a senior general warned wednesday that russia could deploy short range missiles to belarus as part of efforts to counter the planned deployment of u . s . missile defense sites in europe , russian news reports said .
by the way , the world health organization says the genes in swine flu may come from pigs , but there is no indication that the current epidemic is coming from swine .
rita foley , washington .
brazil was the only candidate to pitch to host football s global showpiece after south american rivals colombia pulled out of the running in april .
the government has appointed officials to sit on the committee to draft the constitution .
china has muscled in on hong kong politics in relation to a legislative campaign .
the video library was affected and damaged , but our main vault of our motion picture negatives was not .
afghans have been denied the outside world and we want to open those doors , omer said . if they don t know how to use a computer , they can t do that .
i grew up in the military so when you went someplace you felt special .
supporters of the immediate creation of a federal state stretching from cape town to cairo waged a fierce debate at an african summit on monday with leaders who want much slower integration .
harvard said just over half of those admitted to the class of were women , while the number of ethnic minorities hit a record high .
one suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep , the spokesman said .
care workers hoped to take a helicopter over the hardest hit areas later monday . young said bad weather prevented an earlier flyover .
it is not the first time a sevilla player has died after collapsing on the pitch .
adidas s pre tax profits for the second half of last year more than doubled on sales which rose by about .
the premises remained shut on monday but evidence of a fight inside could be seen through the windows .
the slaughter of palestinian youths goes on while the u . s . officials back israeli brutality or express disappointment at palestinian ingratitude .
the illinois born hadley sang everything from mozart to show tunes , including appearing on a recording of show boat that was a best seller .
the teenage girl s father , terry caffey , was shot in the head but survived and is helping police .
and in london , americans could get free admission to madame tussaud s wax works to see the new figure of obama , and queen elizabeth ii has sent the new president a personal message of support .
underlining the backlash was the lionization of popular south korean actor cha in pyo , who was initially approached for the role of maniacal colonel moon .
this was lee s first time to lay out his north korean policy since he was elected as the official gnp candidate last month
baghdad cnn soldiers manning a checkpoint near baghdad stopped a wedding convoy to find that the purported bride and groom were wanted terror suspects , an iraqi defense ministry official said monday .
the white house asked each governor to send their state official in charge of the stimulus money to learn about what programs and initiatives are available .
similar acts on personal homepages or blogs are also disallowed , it said .
her nigerian mother , oluchi hill , had previously said the abductors had contacted her and demanded an unspecified ransom for margaret s release .
the opposition grand national party s rep .
and a swathe of coastal provinces where rivers rose to dangerous levels on tuesday , the government said .
australian doctors and counselors would also travel to indonesia , while indonesia s government had also been offered australian police disaster identification experts , howard said .
since mount everest was first scaled in by new zealander edmund hillary and sherpa guide tenzing norgay , thousands of people have scaled the mountain .
many in the pile up were holidaymakers , including families with small children not dressed for the weather , sgt shawn mcleland said .
an estimated , blue collar workers , farmers and college students staged a massive rally in downtown seoul on sunday in protest of a south korea u . s . free trade agreement and government legislation that they claim discriminates against non regular workers .
donnell parker , , was charged friday with first degree murder in the death of cameron smith .
in the worst case scenario , analysts say , the inability of households to repay debt under the tightened lending rules could deal a fatal blow to banks , triggering a japan like crisis in the coming years .
however , ancelotti said after the dubai date that beckham is still not at his best after more than two months without a game .
simpson and others are accused of entering a room in the palace station hotel and casino and pointing guns at two men alfred beardsley and bruce fromong as they took sports memorabilia , along with fromong s cell phone and beardsley s cap and sunglasses .
los angeles , california cnn youssif , the year old iraqi boy who was savagely burned by masked men , arrived in the united states late tuesday with his family the first step toward his lengthy rehabilitation .
the cut put the central bank s federal funds rate at percent
it coincided with a visit to china by the us secretary of state , to discuss pyongyang s nuclear disarmament .
the federal government took over the firms in september due to mounting losses on their portfolios of mortgages .
those conditions can increase the risk of heart disease , stroke and diabetes .
police said about uniformed and plainclothes officers were at the scene ahead of the rally when the bomb went off about a . m . pakistan time a . m . gmt .
the united states proposed that it meet in new york , where u . s . and north korean officials sometimes have contact .
new reports from remote areas in india indicate that more than , people died during a fierce heat wave that gripped the nation this month .
according to who , five samples have tested positive for ebola . about more samples are pending .
the result was a triumph for putin , who put his international prestige on the line by coming to guatemala to lobby ioc members and lead sochi s final formal presentation to the assembly .
moore s law , named in the s after chip guru charles moore , states that the speed and power of computer processors , powered by silicon chips , doubles every months .
images taken by nasa s orbiting hubble space telescope allowed astronomers to detect this ring of dark matter created by the collision of two galaxy clusters billion light years from earth .
lim guan eng was sworn into office as head of state in penang , after his democratic action party dap won a convincing election victory .
if our demands are not met by then , we will start killing the rest of the south koreans , ahamadi was quoted as saying by afp , accusing the afghan and south korean governments of insincerity in negotiations .
it is totally outrageous and irresponsible to attempt cloning of humans when we know there is a very high probability of severe abnormalities , even if the baby survived to birth , which is extremely doubtful .
the statistics i could come up with were about in million .
earlier the hebei spirit , the tanker which was hit by a barge and holed , causing the spill , was finally sealed .
together we have overcome border controls as man made obstacles to peace , freedom and unity in europe , while creating the conditions for increased security , barroso said .
his remarks came a day after pyongyang agreed to return to the six party denuclearization talks with no conditions .
last week , it expanded its offerings for latinos based in the united states .
the unauthorized , nearly three minute video of a noisy operating room showed doctors and nurses laughing , giggling and cheering .
scientists have found a wide eyed primate
a belgian confectionist has created the special chocolate bar containing high levels of flavonoids a plant compound that has been shown to reduce heart risk factors to be used in the experiment .
hanoi , vietnam cnn vietnamese rescuers are moving thousands of people to higher ground on tuesday after a storm dumped heavy rain in the central region , killing people , officials said .
rome , italy an italian military court has allowed a former nazi officer convicted for his role in a massacre to leave house arrest to work a ruling that sparked outrage among the families of those murdered , politicians and jewish groups .
restructure and become competitive , or those loans will be called .
according to xinhua , people were injured during assaults , looting , arson and vandalism in gannan in mid march .
why is steve jobs so sickly thin ?
but sen . robert bennett of utah said he thought the senators and hadley had a very useful exchange , which he described as vigorous .
actor harrison ford , known for his support of environmental causes , said , i m here to celebrate the world bank s plan to form a global alliance of conservation partners , to work with the tiger range nations in order to secure a future for these magnificent creatures .
moscow , russia cnn a russian man who said he wanted to record a killing for each of the squares on a chessboard was found guilty wednesday of murdering people in moscow .
apple ceo steve jobs boasted about the company s strong results .
back to stocks , with the dow now off more than let me check here points , or almost .
the korea alliance against the korea u . s . fta , a coalition of about civic groups , said yesterday more than , members are expected to participate in the rallies in cities against a free trade agreement currently being negotiated between the two countries .
the actor , kyaw thu , and his wife were also released late on wednesday , according to family members .
according to burrell , the princess was still holding a candle for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan who she called her soulmate when she started dating fayed on the rebound .
nilab mubarez , a spokeswoman for the u . n . assistance mission in afghanistan unama , said mervyn patterson , a tribal affairs expert , left the country before the hour deadline set by the afghan government .
the statement said wood was retained after meetings over the weekend in the bahamas , where smith and stern lived as a couple before her death in february .
the new consensus is that japan is in decline .
the north says ms yokota , abducted as a school girl in , committed suicide .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said the liberation of afghanistan and iraq s first elections are among her proudest accomplishments during her tenure .
the victims died as a result of collapsed buildings , electrocution , and falling trees , according to edhi , a non governmental organization that operates hospital services across pakistan .
the myanmar government also invited the u . s . charges d affaires in myanmar , shari villarosa , to meet with its leaders on friday .
it is only the second country after the united states to check foreigners in this way .
in brazil , nearly eight in new cars already run on fuel made from sugar cane
some new fires broke out yesterday and today , tearing through olive groves , forests , orchards and homes .
now , he is losing hope .
he denied reports they had been abducted by pkk rebels .
clinton s count would be greater but the party has not resolved the thorny question of how to seat the florida and michigan delegations .
among them were turkish vessels , a georgian and a greek ship .
north korea has insisted the money be freed before it will comply with the agreement but the united states has said the funds have been unblocked and should no longer be an issue .
to come so close at my age is fantastic , and i hope to break it .
the latest iaea report praised iran for making progress in responding to questions about past activities .
officials want the missile to hit the edge of the atmosphere to ensure debris re enters and burns up quickly .
at that point , investigators moved in and arrested the men at a rental house in west central germany .
it is the second killing after the leader of the mission , rev bae hyung kyu was shot to death on wednesday .
the body of xiang xiang was found on february on snow covered ground in the forests of sichuan province in china s southwest , the xinhua news agency said .
now , he is paid by the owners of hundreds of holiday homes across the valley for this cheap gift from the earth .
an adult male scampering through the trees .
if i can sell myself this well , i can sell your company this well as well , she said .
another important factor is that hybrids have been on the market long enough for consumers to trust the technology , miller said .
fandel , who refereed the champions league final between ac milan and liverpool , said he was surprised and shocked by the attack .
as a boy , i fell in love with words and ran away from home and joined the radio , and it really was something .
former lawmaker kim taek ki withdrew his candidacy with the governing grand national party gnp tuesday after being accused of offering bribes to voters in a gangwon province district .
in texas , where bush is on vacation , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said the white house appreciated warner s advice .
as a teen , she auditioned for the famed katherine dunham dance troupe , was hired as a featured dancer and vocalist , and toured worldwide with the company .
past large scale offensives have failed to quell the rocket fire .
a deputy prime minister who was charged with negotiating with the demonstrators resigned over the crackdown .
with the love and the care , the relationship that a dog can bring to you at a depressing time like this , is incredible .
the bad blood prompted a lawsuit from dubrow .
it said growing demand in rapidly developing countries such as china and india for processed food and expensive meat and dairy products is driving up prices for those goods , as well as for staple grains used to feed cattle .
bush heads to camp david today for the weekend .
today , he s instructing federal agencies to consult scientific experts on key issues , and keep ideology out .
the bones of martyred saints and somber shrines may not be at the top of every tourist s must see holiday wish list .
asked whether the u . s . ambassador to iraq has been invited , a u . s . embassy in baghdad spokesman said , yes , we have been invited . yes , he will attend .
some appeared to vomit , but the women also laughed during the incident as the student urged them on .
he could not let kim alter the fragile balance of power on the korean peninsula , where , u . s . troops stand across the dmz from a million man army close enough to destroy seoul , south korea s capital , in a blitzkrieg .
us president george w bush has warned iran to stop supporting the militants fighting against the us in iraq .
honda made the shock decision to pull out of f on december , a day after announcing it was cutting jobs in britain and japan and reducing its annual production of consumer cars because of continued plunging vehicle demand .
the new film opens july .
universal plans to keep coming at disney through expansion , and it will build the acre islands of adventure park in orlando over the next three years .
this created a difficult economic combination that made the fed s latest decision to cut rates a close call according to the minutes from last month s fed meeting .
the year end violence continues in the middle east , israeli warplanes pounding hamas positions in gaza for a third day , more than palestinians are now dead , including more than civilians and a handful of children .
they signed up on kerry s website for the opportunity to be the first to know .
amtrak plans to roll out the new mobile security teams on the northeast corridor between washington and boston .
hwang was initially picked as head of the financial services commission but he did not assume the post .
airbus said tuesday that the european planemaker is conducting a major review of its planned delivery schedule for its a superjumbo , which has been plagued by past delays .
president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il shared a broad consensus on establishing peace on the korean peninsula in their two rounds of talks in pyongyang wednesday .
black had sought to stay free on bond on grounds there was a strong possibility his conviction would be reversed , but a chicago federal appeals court denied his request last week .
yang moved to the netherlands in and won political asylum after the pro democracy protests in tiananmen square .
till his karzai s visit to us and his meeting with president bush , the afghan officials were indecisive about what to do in response to the taliban demand regarding the release of prisoners .
i wouldn t be surprised if barack obama starts doing a weekly youtube video and also fireside chats for the st century by allowing people to filter up questions to him that he might answer .
reducing foreclosures , spurring the lending and reining in excessive excessive , excessive executive compensation that infuriates all of us .
musharraf sacked nearly all of the country s supreme court justices and many other judges across the country shortly after declaring a state of emergency in early november .
that was a hard fought match , every point , right down to the end .
but there may be signs of voter fatigue with turnout for these national assembly elections expected to be around the lowest since south korea held its first genuinely democratic election two decades ago .
the fed s move , which cut interest rates from . to . , came as a complete surprise , as it was taken a week before its rate setting open market committee meeting scheduled for and january .
the number of injured from the quake was also barely changed , but more than a week earlier .
thousands of taiwanese had been expected to fly to china this week to worship ancestors and sweep their tombs in the festival saturday .
americans threw away six times as many water bottles in as they did in when there were far fewer in circulation .
these latest numbers indicate that may be a close call .
three men have been arrested in germany on suspicion of planning a massive attack on us facilities in the country , officials have said .
wall street , the dow is up .
the museum displays brown , glazed pots used to store kimchi in the ground during fermentation .
toyota may scale back its ambitious target of selling more vehicles in the united states this year than it did in , as damage from an economic slowdown and soaring oil prices becomes more fully known .
the two sides are also expected to discuss the possibility of establishing chartered flights across the mile taiwan strait on the weekends and approval for chinese residents to travel to taiwan .
police spokesman mickey rosenfeld said the attacker opened fire on innocent youngsters studying . a number of students have been killed .
state department said the six party talks can lose effectiveness .
for tsuo the biggest difference between being a research scientist and a company ceo is the responsibility to his employees and for the company to well .
the rest of the vehicle appeared to be in fine shape , nasa said .
in closing arguments monday , iraq s chief prosecutor , monkith alfaroon , requested the death penalty for ali hassan al majid , who is accused of gassing thousands of kurds in the s .
michael mansfield , a lawyer for al fayed , suggested that after diana s death , condon had suppressed information about her fears of dying in an arranged car crash .
a young woman was trampled in a stampede at the train station friday , and later died of her injuries , according to xinhua .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
south korea s kospi skidded nearly percent , as the market played catch up to the region s tumble after a holiday on wednesday .
menu foods extended its original recall after hearing reports that vendors had not taken all of the recalled products off store shelves .
eidur gudjohnsen added a second from the penalty spot in the th minute and rising teenage star bojan krkic added a third deep in injury time .
bulgaria is a turkish toilet , france is always on strike , romania is a vampire theme park and the uk . . . well the uk doesn t exist .
the declassified documents released by rep .
in a fax to the herald s editor , the government says it will get its permit , with no conditions attached .
forty one percent said transmission is possible by being coughed or sneezed on by someone with the virus .
police said the mother of the gunman brought them a note that was suicidal in nature .
a japanese teenage girl who poisoned her mother and kept a blog diary of her worsening condition is being sent to reform school .
many investors were hopeful that the new president would focus renewed energy on tackling deteriorating economic conditions in america
abdullah s term as prime minister was to expire in june , and parliament would have been dissolved and new elections held then , had abdullah not acted , kuppusamy said .
the ap s chelsea carter is in the iraqi capital
the general said south korea would attack suspected nuclear weapons sites in north korea if the north tried to attack the south with atomic bombs .
the two sides also meet at stamford bridge on wednesday in what had been billed as a title decider but is now academic with united seven points clear with just two games remaining .
the study followed heavy drinkers for weeks .
the returning space station residents were reported to be in great shape .
russian billionaire boris berezovsky said he is planning a revolution in russia to topple president vladimir putin , in comments published on friday .
the intended japanese mother decided she did not want the baby .
interact with the trainers and toys , the aquarium said .
the county has , rooms and more than half of those were already booked with leisure and business travelers prior to the evacuation orders .
natascha kampusch was years old when she was kidnapped in vienna , austria , on her way to school in march , .
in the united kingdom census , , people . percent of the population listed jedi as their religion .
instead , the thousands of participants spend the four days of gsm indoors , striking deals or talking about the latest in mobile technology .
the accident happened in a tunnel near manchester airport with sky news showing pictures of the badly damaged sportscar .
earlier , javed iqbal cheema , a top pakistani counterterrorism official , told a news conference he did not think the bombing was linked to dadullah , and denied that pakistan had provided any intelligence that led to his killing .
ronaldo , who was united s top scorer with goals last season , has made no secret of his desire to eventually play in spain , but united are determined to hold on to their prize asset who has four years left to run on his current deal at old trafford .
in the late s , scientists believed several hundred baiji were still alive , but by a survey listed just sightings .
the chief us negotiator said the talks were at a standoff , while a north korean spokesman blamed the us for the lack of progress .
farming careers are drying up as surely as sun parched crops in this year s drought in the southeast .
pichushkin earned the nickname chessboard killer for saying he had intended to kill one person for each of the squares on a chessboard .
there were to cars on the bridge at the time , according to early estimates .
it s a disaster , he said .
the weather service predicted severe thunderstorms in parts of the southeast tuesday night , with possible tornadoes and damaging winds in the carolinas .
a lawyer for copperfield said he was aware of the investigation and that the fbi has contacted copperfield .
the most famous dwellings of all are the sassi in matera , which is just across the state line in the basilicata region .
greek tragedies were filled with the idea that happiness was a matter of fate .
in september , roh defected from the now defunct millennium democratic party mdp , the predecessor of the democratic party , with his supporters to set up the uri party despite criticism that he was betraying the mdp after winning the election on the mdp s ticket .
all schools , public and private , must admit state inspectors and submit to the government s new educational system , or be closed and nationalized , with the state taking responsibility for the education of their children , chavez said .
the verdict , which is expected by the end of the week , will be critical for how events unfold in pakistan . the declaration of a state of emergency would set back a planned transition to civilian rule and prospects of bhutto and musharraf forming an alliance against islamic extremism .
so , including the cost of the land , the total cost will be in line with previous estimates of . trillion won .
witnesses said some victims remained trapped in the flaming carriages for up to minutes , struggling futilely to escape .
about , chinese soldiers and police were already at the site .
hicks , shackled and wearing an orange jumpsuit , was then taken to the yatala labor prison , where he will serve the final seven months of his sentence in the high security g division alongside the prison s most dangerous criminals .
the u . s . supreme court had ruled against separate but equal schools in but faubus ignored a local federal court order to integrate central .
but local resident phil robinson , who recently moved to new zealand from the united kingdom , told television new zealand that the quake had caused serious damage to the city .
the claims , filed under a provision of the north american free trade agreement in washington on thursday , seek damages for investments in feedlots and farms hurt by the border closure since may .
cardinal law resigned as archbishop of boston in following accusations that he covered up sexual abuse of children by priests .
at least of the passengers were foreigners , officials said .
before there was this loud music , there was another sure fire way to weed out the real singers from the fakes
firefights between security forces and al sadr supporters in basra killed at least on tuesday .
in and , the globes were presented on a special segment of the andy williams show .
suha s husband thinks that she is cleaning houses when she goes away .
china says it has ruled tibet for centuries , although many tibetans say their homeland was essentially an independent state for most of that time .
the food and drug administration is looking to strike while the ash is hot .
one day after the shooting , iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki said his government would punish those responsible .
odinga s appointment marks the first time kenya s government has had both a president and prime minister .
other new york markets , the nasdaq and the s p also gained more than percent on the day .
those guys are kicking butt even though it s cold , william said when told of the times of her friends and sister .
my darling husband got up early and i could hear him bustling about in the kitchen preparing the breakfast for me . . .
investigators said the trio allegedly sent e mails offering to sell the bodies to interested parties , who were not further identified .
at the moment , the dust is settling down and everything is in control , musharraf said .
however , clarence house announced on sunday that she had decided not to go , fearing that her attendance could divert attention from the purpose of the occasion .
panama city , panama cnn the sole survivor of a plane crash that killed two americans and a panamanian pilot was awake and talking wednesday , a doctor said .
treasury secretary paulson today expressed regret for the mistakes that led to the financial crisis .
airstrikes then targeted the militants in the village .
the transportation stoppage has had a domino effect , preventing the delivery of coal , which is vital to china s power plants .
there are other ways to ensure your computer is given a graceful retirement , including donating it to schools .
shares in india hit an all time high , as the bombay stock exchange s share sensex surged points , or . percent , to , .
because hamas refused to accept israel and call for an end to terrorist attacks , the united states and the european union cut off funding to the palestinian government .
last october , beijing banned smoking in the city s , taxis , threatening drivers with a yuan fine if they are caught .
buried between , and , years ago , the prehistoric pair are believed to have been a man and a woman and are thought to have died young , as their teeth were found intact , said elena menotti , the archaeologist who led the dig .
the cupcakes come in striped boxes with inner rings to hold them securely .
the cia , as a rule , does not comment on allegations regarding covert operations , cia spokesman paul gimigliano said .
in the most populous countries , large population increases are expected even if fertility levels are projected to be low .
plus , the rainforest section of the venue has non sea creatures from south america like monkeys and toucans .
it has a sequence , washington camacho , director of the sacsayhuaman archaeological park , told the ap on thursday .
but no instances of the disease will be routine for a long time
nelly avila moreno , , whose nom de guerre was karina , said she and her long time male companion made the decision jointly to abandon the farc group , based in the jungle , at a . m . sunday .
north korea has angrily denounced a united nations resolution condemning its missile tests and said it would build up its military arsenal .
for example , shy children who are excluded or rejected by other children , he said .
. forgetting you re being interviewed from the moment you walk in
the venezuelan government on sunday announced it is re establishing normal diplomatic ties with colombia after the two south american countries resolved their differences over colombia s recent cross border attack on rebels in ecuador .
police said the incident occurred at about a . m . inside kiosk nightclub .
rumors about the marriage intensified this week after a presidential spokesman said cecilia sarkozy would skip a state visit to morocco next week . the spokesman played it down as a simple scheduling announcement .
on monday , chirac said of iran and its nuclear program i would say that what is dangerous about this situation is not the fact of having a nuclear bomb .
zahir shah came from a long line of ethnic pashtun rulers and is a distant relative of afghan president hamid karzai .
his brother john announced the withdrawal on monday at the world team cup .
we are profoundly disappointed to have to tell you that talks broke off tonight , and that no further negotiations are scheduled , said charlotte st . martin , executive director of the league of american theatres and producers , in a written statement .
obama told agar to hold on , sweetie , and said he would address that issue with her later .
last week , rice traveled to the region to try to ease tension between india and pakistan , both nuclear powers and key allies of the united states .
while it s unfortunate that north korea has not yet provided a complete and correct declaration , we continue to work with japan , south korea , china and russia in urging north korea to fulfill its commitments in this regard .
using public information , roizen looked through medical records of previous presidents back to theodore roosevelt .
harry s uncle , prince andrew , was a royal navy pilot and served in the falklands war against argentina years ago .
u . s . military spokeswoman sgt . nicole dykstra told cnn the target was neither apprehended nor killed .
as some traders talk about a possible market bottom , this new york woman has had enough
both clinton and obama as well as former sen . john edwards , who has not won any of the early states are pouring their energy and money into super tuesday , the biggest single day showdown of the race .
about halfway into the video that was released on the web site , a bearded man in an orange safety vest and a checkered scarf appears on the camera and begins speaking over the radio to one of the u . s . warships .
the visit was part of an economic assistance plan for the northeastern province .
heart disease , strokes and diabetes cost india an estimated billion in lost productivity in .
government officials believe that korean hospitals could attract a significant number of foreign patients mostly korean americans , chinese and japanese . they also want to attract customers from the middle east and southeast asia .
a spokesman for uefa indicated they required more information from referee luis medina cantalejo and match delegate jan damgaard before commenting further .
wall street , where good news was needed after a point drop tuesday , spent most of the afternoon about level but closed around points down .
this is what happened to barbara , who asked that her last name not be used for fear of retribution from other doctors in her small town .
reinado , the australian trained former head of east timor s military police , joined the revolt and became its leader .
we know where either of their candidates will lead this country , and we dare not let them , he said , without mentioning the democratic candidates by name .
pratchett adds that work is continuing on his next book nation and that the basic notes are already being laid down for unseen academicals .
he also criticized the bush administration for what he said were policies that endangered the six nation talks with north korea on nuclear issues .
women and girls were stripped naked and publicly beaten as a form of discipline .
harvard , the world s richest university , said thursday a record , students applied for a spot in the class of .
ramos horta , who shared a nobel peace prize for nonviolent resistance to indonesian rule , said in his candidacy speech he went through weeks of reflection and hesitation before deciding to seek the top post during the worst crisis since the tiny nation broke from jakarta in .
we do this to celebrate the word of god , and celebrate our first amendment rights .
we didn t hear a bomb , but there were a lot of ambulances maybe three or four and the fire brigade , said a woman who works at a nearby hair salon who asked not to be named .
in the philippines , more than , people were affected by flooding , with more than , mainly in the northern province of pampanga evacuated .
football superstar , celebrity , fashion icon , multimillion dollar heartthrob . now , david beckham is headed for the hollywood hills as he takes his game to u . s . major league soccer .
in reaction to such concerns , roh said at a chong wa dae meeting that the government will continue economic and cultural exchanges with japan , despite his recent denouncing of the country .
he said such factors as the concern about the security of nuclear weapons materials stockpiled around the world and the crisis between nuclear powers india and pakistan also figured into the decision .
the central bank said the current account might turn to a deficit in august .
the vatican sized compound , which will be the world s largest diplomatic mission , has been beset by construction and logistical problems .
clinton won in texas , ohio , and rhode island , while obama won vermont .
the capsule lifted off on schedule in a roar of fire and noise from the russian space program s man launch facility on the barren steppes of kazakhstan .
nude shots , sex acts and scenes with smutty dialogue .
the poor arrive days ahead of the ceremony , carrying fishing nets to catch money and anything edible .
this frog , if it has the same habits as its living relatives in south america , was quite voracious , krause said . it s even conceivable that it could have taken down some hatchling dinosaurs .
a tam airlines airbus carrying people crashed while attempting to land in heavy rain at sao paulo s congonhas airport , the airline said .
the blast destroyed part of the police station , which is in albu ajil , a town about miles kilometers east of tikrit , the police official said . watch a tour of al qaeda country
he said , i think a number of people are going to ask the question , couldn t this deal have been concluded three or four years ago before north korea conducted its nuclear test and acquired enough additional plutonium to build anywhere from six to nuclear weapons ?
so is the moral of the story to hand out hot drinks when you want to make a good first impression ?
on monday he handed power temporarily to his brother raul , to recover from his treatment for internal bleeding .
sales of these gas guzzling light trucks more than doubled between and .
she may drop a few pounds here and there , but ugly betty star america ferrera says she ll never become a hollywood waif .
during her recent mideast tour , rice said she would organize such a meeting , but she did not give a date .
the retail industry , obviously , heading into the fourth quarter , which is the most significant quarter for the retail industry , are alarmed by these numbers
they haven t officially announced this yet only written it in a draft statement obtained by the associated press .
the report did not condemn the zimbabwe electoral commission s decision to recount votes in at least districts where mugabe s zanu pf party claims discrepancies even before the release of results of all votes cast .
the serbs took control of the building friday and the united nations tried over the weekend to negotiate with them to leave , ivanko said .
iran has said it is ready for talks , and will put forward new proposals .
the destruction of the plant s cooling tower is part of an agreement with the united states aimed at denuclearizing the korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive communist country .
tehran , however , insists its program is for peaceful purposes , including generating electricity .
the announcement came just hours after he stood down as uk prime minister and shortly before it was announced he was to quit as a member of parliament .
second seeded tommy haas had considerably less trouble earning his spot in the quarterfinals , beating no . michael russell , .
the korea times reports song min soon , deputy foreign minister and chief south korean delegate to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms programs , said that no symptoms have been found to back up recent speculations that the north may test an atomic weapon soon .
why buy a dvd player and discs when you can dial up a blockbuster film at any time ?
de jesus , , grew up poor in puerto rico .
iraq ranked a distant second , with naming the war as their top concern .
bin laden , who was behind the terrorist network s september attacks , has been in hiding since the u . s . assault on afghanistan that followed those strikes .
in a paper written for the radio journal wireless world in , he suggested that artificial satellites hovering above fixed spot above earth could be used to relay telecommunications signals across the globe .
italy s civil aviation agency enac said the boeing landed safely just before a . m . gmt monday .
the national emergency management agency ordered the closure of the airport in the southeastern city of pohang , leading to flight cancellations at korean air lines and asiana airlines .
he said al maliki met with high ranking iraqi security officers ahead of a push against militia fighters , which was launched early tuesday .
his disclosure filing showed him with assets of at least . million .
the researchers checked medical records to see who had developed alzheimer s or another form of dementia by an average of years later .
a defense ministry official said the incident occurred during a demonstration of hostage freeing techniques at the laperrine military barracks .
eu competition commissioner neelie kroes welcomed the agreement , saying it would allow consumers to benefit from a truly single market for music downloads across the nation bloc .
on june , , the country was gripped by massive protests as students and workers joined ordinary citizens to stand up against riot police in a symbolic battle for the heart of the nation .
each guest took home a fisher price guitar and custom cd .
one of the alleged victims , bruce fromong , , suffered a major heart attack and was in critical condition tuesday at the cedars sinai medical center , the hospital said .
howard has refused to set a timetable for the withdrawal of australian troops , saying it would give terrorists a timetable to claim victory .
yeltsin s funeral was a highly symbolic one , indicative of his legacy of change , since it was the first time in years that a russian leader was mourned in a church , he added .
with percent of precincts reporting , clinton was ahead of barack obama by more than a ratio .
housing prices should fall below the october level , when previous measures were introduced , finance economy minister han duck soo said during a media briefing .
if you have someone in the house that is sensitive to cats , has an allergy from them or something like that , there is a product called allerpet that you can actually just spray on to your pet , and it neutralizes the enzymes in the saliva , which is what people are usually allergic to .
malaysian transport minister chan kong choy expressed dismay at the breach of security at malaysia s main airport .
details , including laptop model numbers and contact information for dell , hp and toshiba , have been posted on the commission s web site .
north korean nuclear negotiator kim kye gwan arrived in beijing on tuesday en route for talks with u . s . officials , a chinese foreign ministry spokesman said .
about , cars carrying , passengers were isolated on highways friday and saturday as more than sections of the country s main expressways were blocked off for the first time in korean history .
however , a visa is still required for long term stays and work .
but balancing social and environmental concerns with the interests of a growing population in search of higher incomes and living standards , is the greatest challenge of all .
vengeance can be appealing when a relationship ends badly .
the proposed lyrics started off with the viva espana !
the man , citing the koran , had told his wives and daughters that he had complete ownership over his children , including the right to have sex with his daughters , the papers showed .
at least one person is reported to be fighting for his life and six others were injured in the clashes in heyuan city , in guangdong province .
abu dujana was wanted in connection with both of those attacks , police say .
they had travelled over two thirds of the way towards their destination , near moree , when police pulled them over .
in other developments , a prosecutor has applied for the judge hearing the case to seize diaries and correspondence belonging to the mccanns , portuguese newspaper jornal de noticias reported .
moriarty isn t the only one who has a tough time sticking with a resolution .
the militants were caught off guard when u . s . aircraft dropped eight , pound bombs and quarter ton bombs on river crossings and a bridge in the town northeast of baghdad , said staff maj . gen . abdul kareem .
midlife crisis is a label you put on other people doing bizarre behavior .
in new york , u . s . crude oil prices recovered some lost ground , finishing the day lower but still above a barrel .
the battle on friday began when taliban fighters tried to ambush a joint u . s . afghan military convoy , then fled to hyderabad village for cover , said helmand provincial police chief mohammad hussein .
after that accident , saudi authorities tore down the platform around the jamarat and built a new one with more entrances and exits , and they plan to expand it to a total of five levels in coming years .
at this point in time , we haven t seen anything indicating abuse , wood said .
but she didn t break the law when she fired the state s public safety commissioner .
the raid happened sunday in hussein s hometown of tikrit .
but royal s steady if not dazzling performance on a prime time question and answer tv talk show on monday appears to have injected new life into her campaign .
frost nixon earned a nomination for nixon frank langella but not frost michael sheen .
with restive tibetan areas swarming with troops and closed to scrutiny from the outside world , china s government has turned up efforts to put its own version of the unrest before the international public .
he said the union is also open to suspending the jobs bank at ford and chrysler . but he said this and other help from the union is not enough to save the automakers from their current crisis .
the national intelligence estimate nie acknowledged some military successes since january , following the surge in us troop numbers .
four years ago , she and her live in boyfriend the guy she thought she would marry were having a pre valentine s day brunch when sullivan leaned over and whispered a few sweet nothings in his ear .
the united states has accused north korea of helping syria build a nuclear reactor that was not intended for peaceful purposes .
both al maliki and talabani have made official trips to iran since taking office .
they didn t fly rodents to paris , incidentally they just turned the lights off and on at different times .
the forecast , released monday by the louisiana universities marine consortium , is based on a federal estimate of nitrogen from the mississippi river watershed to the gulf of mexico .
president has decided not to grant clemency to christian klar , koehler s office said in a statement on monday .
wen left hong kong before the march .
obviously , it s not an album where i m trying to sound like him .
the alliance s top commander , gen james jones , said nato had been taken aback by the scale of violence in the region .
washington is reviewing the proposal with its allies in japan and south korea .
police believe consumers have already bought and ate some of the prosciutto .
sk energy confirmed that it has not received any crude shipments from iraq this month after iraq s state run oil company , somo , did not renew its contract to export up to , barrels per day to the korean firm on jan .
ashley put the club up for sale in september in the wake of ferocious protests from fans after the departure of kevin keegan as manager .
that suggests that a very simple conversation on the phone while driving a car might not draw too much concentration .
until recently , most opinion polls in the state put sen clinton ahead in the race to be the party s candidate in november s presidential election .
although petrol electric hybrid vehicles are seen as the interim technology to reduce fossil fuel use and emissions of carbon dioxide , the hydrogen fuel cell is still likely to represent the future of motoring .
the official military line is that current activities in area are classified and cannot be discussed .
it s unclear how the silica deposit formed .
the legislature voted to with abstentions .
he was arraigned in juvenile court sunday and remained in custody , but it was not clear if he had an attorney or if anyone else would be charged in the girl s death .
the proposal is part of a package of license plates being debated in the senate and ready for a floor vote .
in a ceremony at the in out club in central london , the judges paid homage to a great american man of letters , adding we are sure that he would have taken the prize in good humor .
the boat , which set out from senegal with as many as people and apparently traveled hundreds of miles , was found tuesday by a mauritanian patrol boat , a spanish civil guard official said .
browne said the extra , troops would form a battalion charged with roving across a swathe of southern afghanistan , mounting attacks on taliban targets and responding to insurgent offensives .
in the dedication he wrote , to betty , lots of love and hair , john lennon .
but when the name of a civic group referred to the apec forum , such as the anti apec pusan citizens coalition , the north korean media changed it to anti bush pusan citizens coalition .
police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse the demonstrators .
the dinosaurs were aged , and , indicating they reached sexual maturity earlier than previously thought .
police arrested carlos huerta , a senior at loyola , for investigation of making criminal threats .
frozen credit markets and a loss of confidence have brought the dow down over the last days of trading .
the dark knight was a huge hit at summer box office and now it s a big nominee for the people s choice award
turkel once said , he never met a picket line or petition he didn t like .
the abuse of iraqi prisoners by u . s . soldiers threatens bush s rationale .
los angeles , california cnn comedian actor george carlin , know for his raunchy , but insightful humor , died of heart failure sunday in santa monica , california , his publicist said .
foreign minister ban ki moon returned from new york yesterday morning after being formally designated the next secretary general of the united nations .
the victims were found in two vehicles .
north korea has promised to make a declaration by december as part of a wider deal to abandon its pursuit of nuclear weapons in exchange for economic and diplomatic benefits from the united states and others .
keyboards and mice will be wireless , and they ll incorporate fingerprint readers for authorizing the user .
myanmar s leaders have been slow to allow foreign aid in the country , and prevented foreign agencies from doing a needs assessment after the storm .
it s extremely frustrating , kinney said .
the crushing of the demonstrations in beijing dashed hopes in hong kong about the prospects for democratic reform by china s rulers .
if they didn t want to walk on the treadmill , they d just hit the stop button or they d jump off , raichlen said .
the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia agreed in a joint statement issued on sept . to convene a fifth round of the nuclear talks in beijing sometime in early november .
meilinger silenced disbelieving co workers by bringing in a video of the monitor to show her class on tuesday , her students last day of school .
vilks , who has been a controversial artist for more than three decades in sweden , says his drawing was a calculated move , and he wanted it to elicit a reaction .
the members of the legislative body passed that motion unanimously .
oil is trading above a barrel in asia after a record settlement in the previous session .
the champions might have been expecting an awkward afternoon on their trip to the stadium of light to play a team managed by their former captain roy keane , but the reality was very different .
the judge in the michael jackson case has ruled that previous allegations of child abuse against the singer can be introduced as evidence in his trial .
a version manufactured and sold under the oqo brand is also possible , a spokesman said .
bush now turns his attention to a mission aimed at spurring the fragile mideast peace process .
the th ranked slovak was appearing in her maiden wta tour final
she said marchers were also protesting blair s plans for a new multibillion dollar nuclear missile defense system .
tibeten monks have disrupted a tour of lhasa by foreign journalists .
he s a world class player and i m sure a lot of players are going to be attracted to the mls now .
the cry followed a powerful performance of her song declare independence .
we know al qaeda is still very interested in carrying out attacks against the united states and western europe , chertoff told cnn s american morning .
however , the narrator of that broadcast said the female soldiers hearts were pounding because of kim .
he s talking to a house committee and sees all this costing a lot more people their jobs
security council s unsc move to adopt a resolution that includes a threat of military action against north korea for its nuclear test , prime minister han myung sook said in seoul on tuesday .
but even with the hundreds of campaign appearances , phone calls to voters and a barrage of television ads in the last few months there are still a large number of undecided voters .
the person knows , oh , well , steve s in a good mood today , he said .
zimbabwe s central bank will introduce a billion note
the indictment could well put a damper on chances for a thaw in taiwan s perennially troubled relations with china .
daegu s rival cities were brisbane , a resort city in australia , and moscow , russia .
the drivers plan to ask british prime minister gordon brown for help .
the senate has seats in all .
the nasa solar probe , an unmanned spacecraft scheduled for launch in , will explore some of the burning questions scientists have about the sun .
scientists think hiv probably crossed into humans as far back as the early s , but it wasn t until air travel became common that the virus spread , and aids became a global epidemic in the s .
brazil actually is far more conservative that the beach scene at ipanema would suggest .
after a new president is named , the lone leadership holdout will be jiang himself , who still has his most powerful post as chairman of the party commission that runs china s military .
the demonstrators expressed anger at the way protests disrupted the olympic torch relay in paris on april .
world series matchup
developer strikes it rich with iphone game
an autopsy found he died of blunt force trauma to the abdomen and head , o meara said .
brochures to educate mariners on how to control rats aboard boats and keep them from going ashore .
roger federer has a severe stomach virus and has pulled out of an exhibition tournament less than a week away from the australian open .
the court has unfrozen us , of the million seized from kim gyeong jun , a naturalized u . s . citizen wanted in seoul on embezzlement and other charges .
pittsburgh , pennsylvania ap a year old boy lay on an operating table in pittsburgh a few weeks ago with a tumor that had eaten into his brain and the base of his skull .
the company s contract said it would get the ammunition from hungary .
police say they have not been able to identify the to year old boy , nor do they have a preliminary autopsy report as to how he died .
the growths , called polyps , were found during a routine cancer scan that bush underwent saturday at the camp david presidential retreat .
he went to his local hardware store and purchased a couple of mag lights that he uses to shine light on the back of his knees during flights .
she returned to pakistan on thursday after a self imposed , eight year exile .
world health organization officials have confirmed human cases and deaths worldwide from the same strain of bird flu found in britain .
the north korean ambassador to the united nations , pak gil yon , read out a combative statement inside the council chambers minutes after the member body voted unanimously to punish the reclusive communist nation for its claimed nuclear test .
the police said they will charge the internet user who posted the video clip for violation of the law on communications and information protection after receiving the user s information from yahoo korea .
oscar winning actor jamie foxx also put on a brief show .
hill said a fresh round of six party disarmament talks will be held in july .
they still look like the bon jovi of old their leather jackets and jeans .
cramer the regulators watch the tape , they realize the shenanigans that go on , they can go after this .
in the web . world of ubiquitous , seamless , horizontal communication , information wants to be free .
ferraro resigned from the campaign wednesday after widespread criticism over her comments about obama s race , originally published late last week in the torrance , california , daily breeze .
drugs that are not provided by aid organizations or the government cost a patient per month .
chicago improving to and .
china displayed the first image of the moon captured by its chang e lunar probe at a gala ceremony monday , marking the formal start of the satellite s mission to document the lunar landscape .
most troubling was the collapse in confidence and supply of liquidity in major banks , burdened by unknown amounts of bad debs related to sub prime mortgages .
there are only four crematoria in seoul and nearby metropolitan area , where about half of the total population resides .
last year , hamas won the palestinian elections , ending decades of rule by the fatah party . hamas took control of the parliament and the prime minister post , although fatah s abbas maintained the title of president .
manila , philippines suspected islamic militants with ties to jemaah islamiah are believed to be behind attacks on commuter buses in the southern philippines which killed people , an army spokesman says
they can ensnare even the relatively young and the recently married .
tina mckinnon , , who lives down the street and around the corner , said she saw the family in the neighborhood but did not know them .
sexual and physical abuse , debt bondage , child labor and unsafe working conditions are common in thailand and bangladesh s shrimp processing factories , the solidarity center said in a page report .
it was like something out of a nightmare , mcfarlane wrote in a blog .
france and fellow european union members britain and germany have led western powers in negotiations with tehran over its nuclear program , which iranian officials insist is aimed at producing civilian electric power .
lee went to the address of his south korean son s foster parent , but the area in seoul had turned into apartment blocks .
it s the best day of my life , maria fernanda told a reporter afterward . this is a dream become reality .
cho shot and killed herbstritt , police said , along with at least others before taking his own life .
the main opposition lawmaker s remark came on the second day of the national assembly s day audit of state affairs while he presented detailed information of a u . s . scenario in for launching preemptive attacks against north korea that would take out crucial targets .
nidhal al masharafi , , spent all night on his rooftop with his wife and six children .
his warning follows that from the leader of the international monetary fund , who said hundreds of thousands of people are at risk of starvation .
toronto , canada cnn a canadian university ruled tuesday against expelling a first year engineering student accused of cheating through an online study group on facebook .
as the latino governor of a swing state , richardson was interviewed as a possible running mate for massachusetts sen . john kerry in , but told reporters he remained committed to finishing his term as governor .
mietto said the prints are unmistakably human in origin , as some preserve the foot s plantar arch and individual toe prints .
they love the samba , carnival and thong bikinis .
ap s mark carlson reports that s shaking up the line for the now horse field
that means duarte must continue as president of the republic until congress decides to accept his resignation or until august , when his term of office officially ends .
pichushkin killed more than people by throwing them into a sewage pit after they were too drunk to resist , chief investigator andrei suprunenko said in an interview published this summer .
she was immediately escorted by prosecution officials for questioning .
a publicist says atlanta based robert dolla has been fatally shot at an upscale los angeles mall after arguing with another man .
a blanket of cool , damp ocean air is keeping a lid on the destructive wildfire near santa barbara , california .
pakistani and british investigators concluded that bhutto died when the force of the suicide blast caused her to slam her head onto an escape hatch on her suv .
there is however , a creature far more predacious than the shark
bezbaruah , who had been visiting the zoo with his wife and two children , was rushed to a local hospital but died of blood loss , said mahanta .
family members of a financial manipulator claimed wednesday that presidential candidate lee myung bak is guilty of manipulating stock prices and laundering money , but failed to provide key documents to prove their claim .
that s a scene from the movie find me guilty .
dad s image cannot be changed , amin sighed .
the police have been under suspicion for their attempts to overlook a revenge assault committed by the hanwha group chairman kim seung youn and delay investigating the case .
the spokesman , who could not be identified under company policy , said the ad was not being aired in china , where the car is not on sale .
the mother of madeleine mccann was interviewed by portuguese police , as a witness , for a second time on thursday amid reports of a possible forensic breakthrough in the hunt for the missing british year old girl .
xinhua said his growth was normal until age , when a growth spurt shot him up to his current height within seven years .
it wasn t a good second set for sure but there was nothing i could change .
fiorentina could have won it late on but midfielder zdravko kuzmanovic hit the post .
tom collins said the airstrike near musa qala on sunday morning killed a senior taliban leader riding in a car .
it is the first time in korea for a chaebol owner to undergo police investigation on suspicion of violence , kidnapping and mobilizing gangsters .
today the dynamo seems like the little engine that couldn t .
the number of suicides by youth last year stood at , , compared with in .
the move could start a legal battle over what constitutes pornography , a concept vaguely defined under korean law .
in december , a cuban television news anchor read a letter reportedly written by fidel castro promising he would not cling to office or be an impediment to rising young leaders .
beijing , china cnn a landslide on a mountainside in central china earlier this week buried a bus carrying as many as people , police told cnn on friday .
he told reporters it was an ideal start to his bid to become the first man since peter thomson years ago to collect three consecutive open wins .
the candidates also attended less formal individual sessions .
seoul had said aid would resume whether or not pyongyang met the deadline , but it is now reviewing this , reports say .
under brown s plans , buildings will be made more explosion resistant and public places more physically protected to minimize shrapnel in the event of a car bomb .
the taliban at one point demanded that jailed militants be freed in exchange for the koreans . it is not clear how many militants the taliban want freed or which ones .
as it turns out , the flight was shortened by a day because of concerns about hurricane dean , and morgan lost out on an opportunity to speak with children in lynn , massachusetts .
the couple also divided their property into four sections for themselves and their two children .
mcconaughey , whose screen credits include we are marshall , failure to launch and sahara , has high standards when it comes to the ladies .
this whole area is something we re going to have to look at as we think about regulation in the future , because no one can be satisfied with what s happened .
he said the government will focus on seeking ways of helping society accept foreigners as its members so that they can contribute fully to society .
but gates remarks in prague were the most specific and clear that such a proposition raises the prospect of delay .
pvt anzack went missing , along with two comrades , on may after his patrol was ambushed near mahmudiya , west of baghdad .
flames licked the edges of the original olympic stadium and scorched the yard of the museum , home to one of greece s greatest archaeological collections .
robert rechter concludes that the main problem facing american inner cities is not a lack of government funding or services but the disintegration of the family and the collapse of moral values .
regarding the marseille match , gaillard explained there were monkey chants against the nonwhite players throughout the game and there was also a problem with handicapped supporters who bought tickets and were not provided with adequate viewing .
the steps we are taking this quarter should deliver both near term benefits to operating cash flow , and substantially enhance the nimbleness and flexibility with which we compete over the long term , he added .
the israel defense forces also struck a mosque that it said was a hub for hamas fighters and used to store missiles , rockets and other weapons , it said thursday .
it reduced its troop level in iraq to , last year from the previous , , and is planning to further cut the number to , this year ,
as many as homes may have been destroyed , the local red cross estimated , and a shelter has been opened at the first baptist church .
the weather was clear in beaufort on saturday , said cnn meteorologist jacqui jeras .
he calls for doing good , depending on brains as well as brawn , ruling fairly , planning well , keeping people s secrets and learning from others mistakes .
a european union court on monday dismissed microsoft s appeal against an eu antitrust order that ordered it to share communications code with rivals and sell a copy of windows without media player .
the day echoed one almost exactly years before , when the challenger space shuttle exploded .
the news of the world reported earlier this month that mosley engaged in sex acts with five prostitutes that involved nazi role playing .
deaths caused by alcohol related car accidents or violence were not included .
further fueled by soaring crude oil prices , prices for steel and lumber have been climbing steadily since the beginning of this year , giving rise to concerns of supply shortages at companies using the materials for construction and other manufacturing .
the president says this will inject badly needed cash .
canceled or postponed events have included rolling stones concerts in hong kong and mainland china , an anti war rally in hong kong on saturday and a demonstration sunday by foreign maids protesting a wage cut .
gaza operation may continue for some time
schultz is founder of the writer s studio in new york and former director of new york university s graduate creative writing program .
the year old son of actors john travolta and kelly preston died friday morning after suffering a seizure while vacationing with his family in the bahamas , travolta s attorney told cnn .
amrullah saleh told parliament that the plot to kill karzai was hatched last month and that the gunmen had rented the hotel room they opened fire from days before the attack .
thirty seven americans have died in october , the lowest monthly figure since march when perished , according to the u . s . military .
a fire on the fringe of the cleveland national forest has now grown to about acres .
okay , so just what impact has the uncertainty over the big three , the lousy sales numbers and layoffs had on the markets ?
the ad reads ignition interlocks are a good idea for above lohan s mug shot from her july , , arrest and but a bad idea for us above smaller photos of people drinking .
the last few days has brought fear of looting with a nearby maximum security prison collapsing , sending as many as prisoners into the streets .
the city of kivalina and a federally recognized tribe , the alaska native village of kivalina , sued exxon mobil corporation , eight other oil companies , power companies and one coal company in a lawsuit filed in federal court in san francisco .
issues to be discussed include removing north korea from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism and the lifting of sanctions .
the three astronauts now on board the station could return to earth at a moment s notice via a russian vehicle attached to the space station .
helsinki , finland cnn nokia warned consumers that million batteries used in its mobile phones could overheat and offered to replace them for free , while it negotiates with battery maker matsushita over who would bear the costs .
the year old roddick broke zib once in the first set and twice in the second .
communist china says it has destroyed a terrorist gang in a raid in the north western province of xinjiang .
north korean was murdered by skinhead in vladivostok , russia .
russia s state controlled gas monopoly , oao gazprom , on monday reduced shipments to ukraine by about a third and on tuesday threatened a further percent cut if ukraine did not resolve a dispute over debts and contracts by the evening .
the interview is not the time to air your grievances about being wronged by a past boss .
aid agencies were appealing for millions of dollars friday to help more than million africans affected by deadly floods that have swept across the continent .
i guess the last time we ve seen hubble up close was march of , so that s great to hear .
scott carson , the chief executive of boeing s commercial airplane unit , said the remained on track to be rolled out of the factory near seattle in july , have its first test flight at the end of august , and be ready for delivery in may .
while parts of central india received less rain , the north faced stronger storms for longer than usual .
ukraine s president and prime minister on sunday agreed to hold an early parliamentary election on september , defusing a months long political crisis that had threatened to escalate into violence .
preparing for her trip , uk based winnie discovered that the united states was one of countries worldwide that either banned or restricted inbound travel for people with hiv .
.
so theoretically , doctors should be able to transplant tissue created from them into that person without tissue rejection .
hope , who estimates he has sold over million acres of moon land , said he immediately filed a declaration of ownership with the u . n . along with the united states and russian governments .
pakistan has officially condemned the strikes , but many analysts speculate the two countries have a secret deal allowing the attacks .
takei has appeared on nbc s heroes and appears regularly on howard stern s satellite radio show .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki told reporters after the meeting in baghdad s heavily fortified green zone that his troops were ready to assume command in the country s south .
authorities have identified chester a . stiles , , as the suspect in the tape .
he also raised concerns that the amendment could be abused to manipulate voters in the upcoming december presidential election .
about percent of all toys sold by mattel are made in china .
clinton likened herself tuesday to sylvester stallone s rocky balboa character , but said the big fight ahead isn t just against her opponent , sen . barack obama , but also against the country s oil crisis .
beirut , lebanon ap tens of thousands packed into a city square wednesday to mark the second anniversary of former prime minister rafik hariri s assassination as hundreds of troops were deployed a day after bus bombings killed three people .
hong kong s hang seng index suffered its largest percentage drop since the terrorist attacks of september , when it fell . percent to , . points .
she had reached the semifinals twice and withdrew five times because of injuries and illness .
steelers quarterback deshea townsend says it doesn t matter that they ve beaten the ravens twice already this season
its right at top of the ap college football poll is all but over after oregon state upset the trojans last night in corvallis .
north korean defector on espionage is accused of collecting information on south korea .
the measure , part of a sweeping intelligence bill , passed amid a congressional probe into the recent disclosure that the cia destroyed videotapes of al qaeda suspects undergoing waterboarding , a simulated drowning .
the refugees of ethnic nepalese origin have been living in the camps since after bhutan s government expelled them because it says they are non nationals .
the ap s brian thomas has more
al qaeda video messages of osama bin laden and ayman al zawahri can now be downloaded to cell phones , the terror network announced as part of its attempts to extend its influence .
nervous retailers opened earlier than ever this morning this college student waiting in line twelve hours to grab a laptop at a best buy in dallas
but everton regained the lead and made sure of four wins from four in group a for the third time in the th minute when james vaughan showed a cool head to send his effort into the corner after being set up by victor anichebe .
it s rare to find one that has lived more than a century , but experts say the oldest were close to years old .
state television broadcast his comments nationwide .
contestants had to jump in place once and make one full turn in place before taking off their shoes and handing them to the judges .
they said at least people were put to death , from in .
south korea may ease restrictions on foreign films .
no more proof was needed of the relationship between cornell and local farmers in the lush , rolling farmland of the finger lakes district in west central new york .
series mvp cole hamels was a star in game and he never stepped on the mound wednesday night .
former british prime minister tony blair , meanwhile , stressed the crucial role of economics in ending conflict , underscoring his role as middle east peace envoy and the davos meeting s efforts to shake its image as a corporate schmooze fest .
i wish that tonight would never come .
comet shoemaker levy , for example , collided with jupiter when it took an off ramp toward the giant gas planet , nasa said .
more than a week after voters in california , arizona and florida passed ballot initiatives outlawing same sex marriage , thousands of people across the country protested the bans in simultaneous rallies saturday .
the spiky pop quartet arctic monkeys was named british group of the year and also took the british album of the year prize for favourite worst nightmare .
also , they pointed to her telling reporters she disagreed with the campaign s decision to pull out of michigan .
cho hee yong , the ministry s spokesman confirmed that the plane didn t explode and seemed not to have caught fire as its main fuselage remains whole though it has some serious damage .
she has amassed a campaign debt of about million , but about million of that is money the new york senator loaned to the campaign herself .
a madrid court is expected to deliver the verdict and sentence wednesday for defendants charged in the commuter train bombings that killed people and wounded more than , in .
lee is expected to visit moscow in late may or june after his trips to the united states , japan and china between mid april and may .
the network reported eye witnesses saying the city of gisborne was covered in glass .
the chinese premier , who spent part of thursday urging japanese business leaders to invest in china , also struck a conciliatory note , acknowledging japanese apologies and blaming a clique of militarists for tokyo s invasions of china .
peipah s mph kph winds struck the philippines sunday evening and moved into south china sea , forecasters said .
video on the web site is titled the unfortunate foot incident , but doesn t show the tire of spears car rolling over the cameraman s foot .
as of july , smoking became illegal in all enclosed public spaces in the united kingdom , and the nhs says , quit the habit last year thanks to local stop smoking initiatives .
mandela and other members of the african national congress have been on the list because of their fight against south africa s apartheid regime , which gave way to majority rule in .
fidel castro stepped down last week after nearly half a century in charge .
in a previous raid in january , people were arrested in xinjiang in connection with another plot targeting the games , according to thursday s statement from the public security ministry .
we as the government of iraq believe this effort will be in the common interest and help the security efforts that the government is working to achieve .
a typically minute drive took an hour .
the teams did smell fuel and followed the odor and came across the wreckage , he said .
the voice belonged to a member of the valley peak church group from nearby chatsworth having a father and child day at the beach .
meaning darrell hammond had to hang out with the guy he impersonated .
the four were hiding , which prompted u . s . soldiers to enter the compound to detain them , the military said .
the result earned schiller consistent applause but not the wild cheering that greeted jobs announcement of the iphone , for example .
working in hollywood was difficult , especially acting in english which , says lee , made it harder for him to focus on his emotions and expressions .
in the us , an oklahoma jury has convicted terry nichols of murder counts in the oklahoma city bombings .
the korea research institute of bioscience and biotechnology monday launched the korea national primate research center in chongwon , north chungchong province .
speaking to reporters in sweden , carreras said pavarotti , whose vibrant high cs and ebullient showmanship made him one of opera s most beloved performers , was one of the most important tenors in history .
an investigator who has been briefed on the incident told cnn the plane s captain is claiming there wasn t power when he needed it .
ankara is about halfway between diyarbakir and istanbul .
the project , which has a budget of million , will enable the space frontier foundation to send teachers a year
if sunday ends without a compromise between gov . ed rendell and the legislature , , state workers whose jobs are not deemed to be essential to health and safety will be furloughed without pay at a . m . monday .
the cult , which calls itself the true russian orthodox church , believes the end of the world will come in may .
asian and pacific stocks tumbled sharply on thursday after wall street finished at its lowest point since spring .
he chief south korean and u . s . negotiators plodded on , trying to conclude free trade agreement negotiations on their second of three days of informal talks in washington d . c .
a funeral service , open to the public , will be held friday at the bolshoi , the theater said .
diane , stock prices have stabilised after falling into a nearly point hole yesterday , but in the first half hour of trading they re not exactly bouncing back .
doctors rub it on the area to be treated , for it to penetrate the skin .
pennsylvania , while often called a big state , may not have the kind of power of the early states .
bush and roh both are emphasizing a diplomatic solution to the north korean nuclear standoff .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
with beckham having a contract at real until the end of june , the former england captain is now expected to start playing in major league soccer in july , although the league has already started .
robert caban , owner of the polish transport firm that hired out the coach , told the polish news agency pap the drivers were experienced and the year old scania coach had passed technical inspections recently in germany .
but they said people should not stop drinking decaf or tea until more studies are done .
projections after the first round of france s parliamentary elections suggest president nicolas sarkozy s party is heading for a landslide .
a black student was held against his will and then released with kkk and swastikas drawn on him in marker at the model secondary school for the deaf on sunday , she said .
the attacker raped her and put her in the trunk of her car , but he ran away when two attendants approached him as he tried to leave the garage .
changes in holidays are another measure of how the country s economic modernization is remaking chinese society .
alejandro wolfe , the acting u . s . ambassador to the united nations , said thursday that some amendments were agreed to , but he offered no details about those .
dorko is believed to be the highest ranking u . s . military officer injured in the war .
the european union s aid chief said the violence in sudan s darfur region had worsened since the government and rebels signed new security agreements two weeks ago .
in turn , he was accused by a lawyer of being part of a conspiracy to murder the princess and her boyfriend , dodi fayed .
julio baptista scored the only goal of the game to give real madrid a win at bitter rivals barcelona sending the champions seven points clear in the primera liga and ending the catalan side s per cent home record this season .
the stampede occurred near an entrance to the stadium where about , people were in line waiting for the concert organized by mbc , a local television network .
but the boycott means that even if he achieves that , he may not be able to form a government .
george was playing with the group of children as they returned home from buying sweets at a neighborhood shop in the small north island town of manaia last sunday when the two pit bulls appeared and lunged toward them , allan gay said .
in an interview with geo tv , malik mohammed qayyum called the opposition s move a futile attempt and reiterated that president pervez musharraf s dismissal of the judges was legal under the constitution .
there should be an end to the occupation that began in , bush told reporters in jerusalem on thursday .
when a candidate has so much nerve to tell lies and counter truths and cannot even go everywhere in the country , then yes , i think this candidature is a risk .
it s not just shifting time up .
tsvangirai s movement for democratic change quickly denounced the results , calling the election a one man race , a one man circus .
marines fired bombs on a mosque .
pepper is profiting off his band and their new album .
a number of upscale los angeles area lodgings , including the peninsula and four seasons hotels in beverly hills , reported a flurry of bookings , according to variety .
if collusion is confirmed , it will deal a fatal blow to park , the daughter of former president park chung hee , who led korea from until his assassination in . korea s two leading presidential contenders of the major opposition grand national party gnp have reached a no win situation as they are both targeted by an investigation by the prosecution .
prime minister john howard is expected to deliver a written statement to the inquiry later today .
the move came as the constitutional court held its second meeting to discuss the review process of the impeachment thursday morning before it convenes its first hearing next tuesday .
the city government , however , rejected the accusation .
negotiations for a global ban on testing nuclear weapons have reached a turning point with only two weeks to go until the deadline .
but it was only for the people who had previous experience with the internet .
khalid ahmed , , is in a scottish hospital with burns suffered after allegedly crashing a jeep cherokee into the glasgow airport a day after police found two unexploded car bombs in central london .
thousands of anti u . s . protesters marched in the shiite holy city of najaf on monday to mark the fourth anniversary of the fall of baghdad .
of them were arrested .
giuliani , the one time front runner who finished a distant third in florida s republican primary on tuesday , traveled to california to endorse arizona sen .
stock prices opened higher but turned marginally lower in short order , as traders waited for developments from washington and in the world economy .
but the conglomeration of disney or time warner is not like that of itt , which combines property insurance with antilock brakes and casinos .
a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of . struck japan s northern island of hokkaido .
in response to the report , procter gamble said it is committed to sustainable palm oil and shares guidelines on sustainability to its suppliers .
the order keeping her under house arrest at her residence in yangon was due to expire sunday , but officials told her of its one year extension friday afternoon .
we have watched as dictatorships and controlled economies have given way to democracy and free markets in country after country .
in , a powerful explosion destroyed a hundred villages and claimed , lives .
here , beer is the default drink .
but gm spokeswoman joanne k . krell laughed off the comments .
singapore cnn oil prices were little changed friday as the market turned its attention to opec for signals on whether the cartel will raise production to ease record prices .
about four or five former defense ministers including kim sung eun and lee sang hoon said they will meet again today to lodge a protest over the government s move to speed up the process .
the forestry budget of million rupees us million a year is not enough , though , he said .
siniora stressed that the target of the lebanese military is the militants who are holed up in a palestinian refugee camp , and not the palestinians .
last october , hijackers wanting to send a message to pope benedict seized control of a turkish airlines plane flying from the albanian capital tirana to istanbul and forced it to land in brindisi , southern italy . turkish authorities have been on alert following increased attacks by kurdish separatist guerrillas in southeast turkey .
aloha airlines said sunday it will halt all passenger service after monday , signaling the end of an airline that has served hawaii for more than years .
some presume the kidnappers , strict muslims , might have expressed hostility toward bae , a christian minister .
the houses form part of a proposed complex to be based outside of aberdeen on the northeast coast of scotland , which will also consist of two golf courses , a hotel and holiday homes .
mccain pledges to help obama lead
the bill faltered in the senate earlier this month when it failed to win the backing of enough republicans to move to a final vote .
whether he goes to jail or not may have a lot of emotional satisfaction , but we ve really got to keep our eye on the ball .
this at least is not more bad news , and potentially could be a sign that we re somewhere around the bottom .
nasa is now aiming for a february liftoff after replacing a bad connector at the bottom of the tank .
members of bhutto s party wore ribbons , with a picture of the slain prime minister , on their chests .
the philippine coast guard told cnn that the boat sunk around p . m . sunday gmt .
he was a remarkable man who saw the need for democratic and economic reform and in defending it played a vital role at a crucial time in russia s history .
celebrities like ricky martin and clay aiken announced this year they had had babies with the help of surrogates and the the society for assisted reproductive technology , representing scores of reproductive clinics , reports that the number of gestational surrogate births in the country quadrupled between and .
iran and syria also have large kurdish populations , and iraq s neighbors are wary of kurdish separatist aspirations .
barham saleh says such action could destabilise the region and prompt other neighboring states to step in .
united , trailing from the first meeting in rome , had never previously overturned a first leg deficit in five attempts in the competition but did so in remarkable style to win the tie on aggregate .
circuit director ramon pradera instructed staff to erect barriers around the team s paddock for hamilton s safety , the reports said .
we like to work together .
that michael is probably the same michael here , he says in the magazine s december issue , on newsstands monday . i just wanted to get certain things accomplished first .
signing the bill , democratic senate leader harry reid urged bush to listen to the american people .
and . percent stake in lg electronics inc .
it provides access to android market , which lets third party companies offer applications to users .
she was married previously it was the second marriage for cage , speaking at the end of an economic forum designed to reassure americans that he s paying attention to the economy , said that he is confident the u . s . economy is on the mend .
shiffman and others at the civic alliance to rebuild downtown s news conference said it was difficult to judge the plans presented wednesday by seven teams of architects without knowing how much commercial space will be built at the trade center site and who is deciding that .
moscow , russia cnn rescue teams continued on tuesday to search for six miners , a day after an explosion ripped through a coal mine in southwestern siberia , killing at least people , officials said .
earlier on tuesday , thaksin said he would return from exile early next year and face corruption charges against him .
outside the palace theater on th street , home to aida , musicians played on broadway as protesters gathered .
on july , the government will form a committee comprising passport experts from the ministry of foreign affairs , the ministry of justice , the national police agency and the private sector to list dangerous countries for travel .
it s of interest to astrobiologists because organisms release much of earth s methane as they digest nutrients .
about half of elementary , middle and high school students have looked at pornography , while some percent of them have had sex , according to a recent survey .
police warned citizens to stay home as they expected rioting to break out in city streets in reaction to the death .
whatever you make of the young folk , there s no question that the real star power emanates from a delectably witchy michelle pfeiffer and robert de niro , very droll as a pirate captain by the name of shakespeare who has a surprising skeleton in his closet .
two or three officers were sent to resolve the dispute tuesday which involved more than tourists , police spokesman pun siu tong said .
actually , i was doing some good science back there , she later said with a laugh , referring to how she remained in the crew transport vehicle following touchdown .
sen . hillary clinton got her campaign back on track with projected wins in the texas , ohio and rhode island primaries .
so how do you manage charisma , this wonderful , terrible thing ?
thomas doerflein , who raised knut by hand , cuddling him and playing with him in addition to feeding him from a bottle , told germany s bild newspaper on wednesday that he hopes the bear will soon find a new home .
six others died in another hillside slum near a power station , he said , and five members of a family perished when the walls of their brick home collapsed in heavy rain on the chittagong university campus .
year old veronique courjault said she killed another baby by burning it to death before coming to korea in with her husband and two children .
the men are expected to appear before a magistrates court later friday .
acquiring key business skills , such as perceiving and controlling emotions in oneself and others , is a subtle process .
they seized financial documents to investigate the sale of the bank to the u . s . based investment fund lone star in .
egypt protested angrily to israel on thursday and demanded a full explanation for what it called irresponsible israeli conduct after an israeli tank crew killed three egyptian policemen at the egyptian gaza border .
earlier on wednesday thaksin had appeared to indicate he might be willing to step aside temporarily , calling the idea a good suggestion .
today former senator john danforth outlined what he sees as an example of the alleged fraud by the group acorn .
while saudi arabia is generally believed to have the ability to pump about million more barrels a day the world s only significant remaining spare production capacity barakat said they are keeping that in reserve in case of a real supply disruption .
but a number of european countries , including france and germany , have been reluctant to respond and have openly questioned whether it is wise to commit more troops to the fight there .
appathurai also said a general consensus could not be reached on macedonia s bid , because of greece s objections .
it promises a regular look at who and what she s wearing .
the communist party chief of liaoning province , li keqiang , ordered harsh punishment of anyone found to be responsible for the explosion , the news service said .
it was like my tongue was bolted to my bottom mouth , and i couldn t get the words out . i didn t want to offend him .
this is the item hollywood is following most closely .
they also accused washington of heightening tensions on the korean peninsula by refusing to directly deal with north korea .
boston and tampa bay were playing for the first time since a bench clearing brawl between the teams at fenway park on june . the herald said the threat was not believed to be related to any bad blood between the red sox and rays , who are battling for first place in the al east .
a smaller number of police who had previously been outside her home providing security remained .
private ntv and cnn turk news channels reported that the government has decided to seek parliamentary authorization to launch a possible cross border military operation in iraq to pursue the rebels there .
the strengths that brought him to office became the very factors that have helped bring about his public downfall .
he s throwing his support behind merit pay for the best teachers
those convicted of tongue kissing a child would be guilty of a misdemeanor , punishable by up to one year in jail and a , fine .
he said there had been no reports of trouble since the checks began tuesday morning .
in gangwon province , the chuncheon city crematorium recently raised the temperature at its two incinerators to , degrees centigrade , fahrenheit .
symptoms of the amoeba s rampage begin to days after infection and resemble the flu .
american workers stay longer in the office , at the factory or on the farm than their counterparts in europe and most other rich nations , and they produce more per person over the year .
among people under the age of , turnout also was the most diverse ever .
a recent national poll showed percent of black democrats backing obama , compared with percent for clinton .
we will pay close attention to the moves by the united states , the north korea s foreign ministry said in a statement .
hoping modern technology can help them solve a year old mystery , a group of investigators will search a south pacific island to try to determine if famed aviator amelia earhart crash landed and died there .
the explanation is an apparent repetition of pyongyang s claim that it has not committed any abduction of south korean citizens since the korean war .
a penny , which consists of . percent zinc and . percent copper , cost . cents to make as of tuesday . and a nickel percent copper and the rest nickel cost . cents , based on current commodity prices , according to the mint .
america , at its best , is compassionate .
the kma said at p . m .
the election could be a test for kenya s young multi party democracy .
tim duncan had points , nine rebounds and five blocked shots as san antonio ended a seven game postseason homecourt win streak by utah .
kerry made an oblique reference to the other candidates in the race with whom i have worked and who i respect in his speech thursday .
i ve been tested many times .
sarkozy himself is due to visit libya on wednesday .
president bush during a news conference in baghdad , iraq , where the president was making a farewell visit sunday .
chung , whose trial began in june , has also been charged with inflicting financial damage on affiliates .
but the movement for democratic change ruled out running with simba makoni a former member of robert mugabe s government who has announced his own plans to run for president .
defense secretary robert gates has dismissed as ridiculous any suggestion that the resignation of america s military chief in the middle east signals the united states is planning to go to war with iran .
top investigator mardjono siswo suwarno said that the plane s front wheels snapped off as it landed , and that fire spread from punctured fuel tanks in the right wing .
drowsiness and dizziness are also problems .
the situation in pakistan continued to represent a serious violation of the commonwealth s fundamental political values .
modesto montoya , a member of the team , was quoted as saying doctors also had found no sign of radioactive contamination
but watanabe stressed that shutting down factory production was not alarming under the circumstances , and defended toyota s famed lean manufacturing method as one of its competitive strengths .
my heart was heavy at first because i thought it had been still born , but we were so relieved when she finally started swimming around , the aquarium s manta ray breeder , minoru toda , said in a telephone interview .
he is set to open it monday with a speech laying out the policy agenda for what is expected to be his final five years in power .
prosecutors allege siljander s co defendants the directors of an islamic charity hired him to get the organization off a list of agencies suspected of links to terrorism and paid him with stolen u . s . government funds .
last week , turkey s ambassador to the united states , nabi sensoy , said his country s maneuvers against kurdish militant targets in northern iraq were based on intelligence provided by the united states .
she laughs as she describes how she now has to arrange her schedule to accommodate media interviews .
passers by were invited to express their points of view on the scenes by texting via interactive sms their personal reaction to what was going on in front of them , and these words were then flashed above the windows for all to read .
the detainee was indicted by a federal grand jury in new york for the bombings of us embassies in africa that killed people .
the couple have six weeks and a day from that hearing before the divorce becomes final .
these firms are among those that can be directly listed on the bourse without revising laws .
after all , the average tv viewer spends more than hours a week in front of the tube , while the average interneter burns a comparatively measly five and a half hours .
beijing , china cnn two brothers have crawled to safety after being trapped for nearly six days in a chinese coal mine , state media said on monday .
it represents the first time the nation body has taken any formal action over burma .
zoellick s experience in finance and diplomacy make him uniquely prepared to take on this challenge , the administration official said .
the us wars in iraq and afghanistan are costing nearly double the amount previously thought , according to a report by democrats in the us congress .
when you make the change , it s vitally important to involve the community .
the arrival of food for up to , people has also coincided with a cholera outbreak among some of the tens of thousands of refugees fleeing the area .
but the desert sands covered lepsius discovery , and no archaeologist since was able to find it .
destroyed crops have resulted in increased food prices , while the inability to transport goods has further inflated prices and led to shortages at stores .
record levels of harmful metals were contained in the yellow dust storms that blew in from china across the nation last month .
she was about to meet someone she had been chatting with online since february .
this was something that happened in the routine course of military operations in baghdad , casey said . the issue was handled and looked at .
their time in this world is done , he said of the germans . the terms weren t met .
authorities said firemen answered a call about the smell of leaking gas shortly before noon local time a . m . et in the center of the city .
none of the people believed to have downloaded the porn have been arrested , said gerald hesztera , a spokesman for austria s federal police service .
gore used the award as another opportunity to plug the environmental cause , telling the hollywood audience and an estimated billion television viewers that resolving the threat posed by a warming climate is not a political issue , it s a moral issue . watch gore talk about his cause and his movie
italian soccer has not been a pious spectacle of late , with riots and scandals marring a game that is practically a religion here .
still no sign of a recovery in the labor market
it wants to reduce costs in its north american business by bn by .
the wind is our number one enemy right now , he said .
kabul , afghanistan cnn u . s . first lady laura bush arrived in afghanistan sunday for a visit that is expected to last nine hours .
other companies are also eyeing the potentially lucrative market of helping the weak and old get around .
we know they face hardship and disruption and we sympathize with that , but we needed to punish atletico madrid , gaillard said .
today , the class has just children , a result of families fleeing the war or parents keeping their children at home , fearful of bombs or kidnap gangs .
david beckham starred in the biggest premiere outside hollywood when the english superstar made his debut with the los angeles galaxy in front of a sold out , star studded crowd .
he said the three remaining sheikhs were sunni .
confucianism , the centuries old primer on social behavior , urged koreans to preserve the body , hair and skin inherited from ancestors .
he has recommended bush announce the beginning of a u . s . withdrawal in mid september , after a report is released from the top u . s . officials in iraq , and that those troops should be back in the united states by christmas .
he said he moved to the base for his family s safety .
she said there were three eta suspects two men whom authorities believe are responsible for the shooting , and a woman .
al zawahiri , who led an egyptian islamic militant group that joined forces with bin laden in the s , said innocents who have been killed in attacks by al qaeda or affiliated groups died as a result of unintentional error or because they were used as human shields by the enemy .
los angeles , california based sports agent j . b . bernstein got the idea that somewhere in a country of . billion people , they could find humans who could throw the ball mph or better .
we still have a great deal of work to do against al qaeda in iraq , and we have great deal of work to do against al qaeda networks in northern iraq , brig . gen . kevin bergner , a multi national force iraq spokesman , said wednesday .
he thought he knew who he was .
one out of every . economically active people are credit defaulters , but the government is attempting to cover up the severity of the issue , according to a lawmaker .
brown had severe chest pains tuesday night and was taken to two hospitals . he was admitted to tarzana regional medical center in the san fernando valley .
however he later indicated that he could change his mind if the situation in thailand changed .
the republican on the cbs early show .
the us said north korea may have fired as many as six missiles .
in real life , however , attitudes about sex are rapidly changing .
washington cnn early analysis indicates the voice on a recently released videotape is that of osama bin laden , a u . s . official said friday , as president bush called the tape a reminder of the dangerous world in which we live .
the korea herald reports north korea allegedly notified china of more tests , but seoul has denied the reports .
continue to keep the image in your mind s eye as you breathe deeply roughly seconds for each inhale and exhale .
and it s only in the last decade or so , after years of bouncing from network to network , that the globes have established themselves as a major attraction , consistently with one broadcaster nbc and just as consistently one of the highest rated awards shows of the year .
the guard , gabriel gines , , was taken to hospital with burns to his face , right hand and shoulder , camacho said .
paper mail offers many advantages over e mail in a domestic setting .
putin , who is in tehran to attend a summit of caspian sea nations , said that he and the other leaders agreed that peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed in the region .
obama , an illinois democrat who is a front runner for his party s presidential nomination , said during a speech at the tax policy center that the present tax code reflects the wrong priorities because it rewards wealth instead of work .
eating oatmeal breakfasts and having whole fruits as snacks can get you closer to this goal .
a south korean official said the transfer could be completed by the end of the week .
the ap s ben feller reports that bush has convinced the other countries to work for a global solution to the economic crisis .
the plaintiffs include family of patients of the zhongshan university number three hospital in southern guangzhou city killed by tainted medicine , the china news service reported , citing guangzhou newspapers .
usfk television and radio air waves are now cluttered with announcements warning about the military s tougher stance .
cincinnati , ohio cnn the man who designed the pringles potato chip packaging system was so proud of his accomplishment that a portion of his ashes has been buried in one of the iconic cans .
those that are richer than the others , they have more responsibility and what the premier league is trying to do is contrary to this responsibility .
britney spears performed like she was sloshing blindfolded through mud at mtv s video music awards .
cnn pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , has agreed to step down as the country s military chief during negotiations on a power sharing deal with pakistan s former prime minister and opposition leader benazir bhutto , she told cnn wednesday .
mcqueen has designed limited edition sneakers for puma , while mccartney designs a line of clothing for rival adidas .
several biologists caught fleeting glimpses of about or tonkin snub nosed monkeys in a remote area near the chinese frontier , the wildlife conservation group fauna flora international said thursday . the bizarre looking monkeys
i try to believe that people , even if they don t like me , will let the race unfold .
i will bring this war to an end in , so don t be confused . . . when senator clinton is not willing to acknowledge that she voted for war , he said .
japan launched its fourth spy satellite saturday , stepping up its ability to gather intelligence from orbit and to keep a close eye on neighboring north korea s nuclear program .
many ukrainians appreciate the statue s political significance though question its taste .
lagos , nigeria ap angry mobs stabbed and set fire to bystanders thursday in rioting that erupted after a newspaper suggested islam s founding prophet would have approved of the miss world beauty pageant .
cabinet level talks which usually serve as a forum for discussion on seoul s aid to the impoverished north could lead to a resumption of the regular delivery of rice and fertilizer to the communist nation .
the prosecution plans to request an arrest warrant for byeon yang kyoon , former minister of planning and budget and a former cheong wa dae secretary , on charges of abusing power to allocate government subsidies to several buddhist temples .
boys are larger than girls , and multiples , boys and girls , are smaller than average .
general assembly s demand that it be ready for next september s session .
in the article , he noted an actual plan by franklin roosevelt s interior secretary , harold ickes , to create a refuge for european jews in alaska , still years from statehood .
dean gross tells kcal tv he wasn t aware that the message was in bad taste
the truth is , there s a lot of fear mongering about this
korean manufacturers raised salaries by . times more than the average pay raise of the organization for economic cooperation and development oecd member countries last year .
he said venezuela would have declared war on colombia if its troops had attacked targets in venezuela .
digital discs have two major handicaps .
everybody was like , it s snowing , it s snowing !
china , japan and south korea have different systems since their languages have different pronunciation structures .
she needed a partner to help her .
they are free to choose the candidate they like .
starbucks has seen rising competition from privately held dunkin donuts and mcdonalds recently , and welcomed founder schultz back as ceo in january after a lackluster performance by the company in the latter half of .
negotiations were hampered by differences over various industry sectors , especially those in vehicles and agriculture .
a powerful tropical cyclone has hit australia s north east coast , packing winds of up to km h .
caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez on wednesday denied he bowed to voters rejection of a referendum only at the prodding by the military and said he would continue to push for sweeping constitutional changes .
it has about members across japan , according to news reports .
international lease finance corp . ilfc , the world s largest plane leasing company by fleet value , said tuesday it had has ordered dreamliner widebodied aircraft and has an option for two more s , which the u . s . planemaker said it was exercising .
i want to talk to the people . . . to see if she is alive or not , what her state of health is , juan carlos lecompte said after he landed in san jose del guaviare , a steamy provincial capital in eastern colombia .
create plans to help palestinians develop economically
it was unclear whether lee would accept the offers .
here , from northrup and other women s health specialists , are five mistakes women make at the doctor s office .
it is the first object to be given a positive value , of . , on the palermo scale of potential threat posed by asteroids , although scientists said further calculations were needed to pin the precise path of nt .
the church has as much responsibility to preserve what it sees as man and woman s god given roles as it does to protect endangered species , he implied .
federal court papers showed the emerald has been at the center of a dispute between a california man who claimed ownership , a company he contracted with to sell it , and a potential buyer .
to get my bearings , i dropped back into grgich hills still rustic tasting room .
when our first two officers arrived , both of their vehicles took gunfire , and one officer was actually struck in the left arm .
brown thanked fans for their good wishes and hoped to make a scheduled performance saturday in los angeles , his attorney said .
gnp leaders said in an interview that the party would certainly secure more than seats in the elections .
last month the north pulled out of six party talks hosted by china on the issue .
in the resolution passed wednesday , the oas called the attack a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ecuador and of principles of international law and noted that it led ecuador to break relations with colombia .
i like to eat the chicken breast when on the move because it does not have any gravy , so it will not spill all over and make a mess , and it fills you up , said army staff sgt . joel klein , of st . petersburg , florida , who served in iraq .
they need to know that the minute they hit that send button , they not only lose control over where these photos go next , in some cases they lose control over their own future .
the president laughed at being asked about his relationship at all , noting the french media rarely touched on the private lives of his predecessors , while his love life is front page news .
sawaya , who abandoned a career as an attorney in to take on lego sculpting fulltime , spoke to cnn about his quirky craft .
the prosecution has decided to launch an investigation into samsung group chairman lee kun hee and south korean ambassador to the u . s .
a mortar attack from gaza on friday killed an israeli man in his yard in southern israel and wounded three others , the israel defense forces said .
we presume staff members did not properly screen the footage , a yahoo korea official said .
the report adds cats to the roughly two dozen mammals whose dna has been unraveled , a list that includes dogs , chimps , rats , mice , cows and of course , people .
seoul , south korea cnn north korea fired short range missiles off its western coast friday , a south korean defense source said , according to south korea s yonhap news agency .
baur filed for a patent for the tubular pringles container and for the method of packaging the curved , stacked chips in the container in , and it was granted in , p g archivist ed rider
wednesday s dramatic retreat erased gains made in the previous session .
united and arsenal both lie on points , but united have a five goal better goal difference than their rivals .
ibn , quoting police sources , reported hostages were taken at the both hotels .
the frank bill is specifically aimed at borrowers who are distressed because the value of their home has dropped .
a total of unforced errors for world ranked number seven williams told the story as dementieva pocketed the winning purse of , .
we are sending a very strong message to our world leaders tonight .
the summit , between the north s kim jong il and the south s roh moo hyun , was only the second such meeting since the korean peninsula was partitioned over half a century ago .
in a separate incident police arrested two foreign journalists one of them a reporter for the new york times in a raid on a hotel in the capital city .
barack obama , the first days .
ballack is still recovering from the ankle operation he had last april and the injury kept him out of germany s euro qualifier win over wales in cardiff on saturday .
the report is our most fruitful lead to date on the traceback , said dr . david acheson , assistant commissioner for food protection at the food and drug administration .
condon said there were several meetings about diana s security in december and january .
french police arrest suspects of attempting terror .
but jelena subotic , an analyst at georgia state university in atlanta , said the candidates differed in how they will deal with the political reality .
he is serving his sentence in glasgow s barlinnie prison .
spanish midfielder alonso scored in the th minute with a shot that was deflected into the net by chelsea defender jose bosingwa .
lee told the joongang ilbo that all of the watches were made in a factory in switzerland .
a declassified summary of the latest national intelligence estimate found with high confidence that the islamic republic stopped an effort to develop nuclear weapons in the fall of .
a u . s . ship has arrived at a north korean port carrying , tons of food aid to be distributed to some of the millions living in hunger , u . n . sources said sunday .
british prime minister tony blair has also seen a dramatic fall in his popularity because of his support for bush , and tens of thousands took part in a march through central london .
jadson then scored two goals in eight minutes and second half substitute yevgen seleznyov completed the rout in the th .
meanwhile , a growing number of companies are staggering breaks , even though the law requires them to pay employees three times their daily salaries to work during holidays to eliminate production shutdowns .
secularist opposition parties had challenged the vote in court to prevent the foreign minister from winning .
about , u . s . and nato troops are currently inside afghanistan .
the author of the rape of nanking , an acclaimed history of japanese brutality against china in the s , has committed suicide , officials said on thursday .
getting another stimulus package through congress , either in a lame duck session this month or in january , after he takes office .
key international backers of president hamid karzai have called for shiite rahman s release , while muslim conservatives in afghanistan are in favor of his detention .
of the nine american men who started the tournament , robby ginepri is the last remaining .
he allegedly manipulated the stock price of his now defunct investment firm , bbk , by spreading false information , and misappropriated million in company funds in .
while the tribune is the biggest daily in obama s hometown , the paper hasn t endorsed a democrat in its year history .
reports of fighting between al qaeda in iraq and sunni militants surfaced tuesday , the latest hints of rising tensions between the two allied groups .
ten militants were killed in the building in tripoli and seven in the refugee camp , security officials said .
at least people died in the crackdown , according to a u . n . estimate .
funding for up to five winning ideas will be awarded in may .
during an interview on abc s this week , iyad allawi said iraqis should , follow the bounds of the law , whether it s moqtada al sadr or anybody else .
he withdrew the bid may after yang and filo , acting on behalf of the yahoo board , held out for per share a price that yahoo s stock hasn t reached in more than two years .
the report forecast uk growth of . in the first quarter .
women who drank four or more cups of decaffeinated coffee a day were two times more likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than women who never drank decaf .
forensic teams are searching the house , where the doctor and his wife have lived for about a year , neighbors said .
the eu recently won approval from the united nations general assembly of a resolution decrying north korean abuses , a vote on which seoul abstained .
the breach has raised questions about every chinese fbi counterintelligence investigation or operation from to .
the second man is being interviewed as a result of the first arrest .
many villagers , however , remain opposed to surgery and are planning to erect a temple to lakshmi , who they still revere as sacred .
that s small potatoes compared with some celebrations .
asians have different figures than people from the west , so that s what caused their suspicion , said huang yubin , head coach of the men s and women s teams , referring to media inquiries .
bhutto s death did not result from a bullet or shrapnel , cheema said , and nothing entered her head .
organizers of the strike , which began early monday morning , said participation was massive , with percent of trucking companies taking part .
secretary of state hillary clinton on a visit today to ankara , turkey , says the obama administration wants even stronger ties with that country
sanjin lee , director of the ministry of information and communication read
lohan s personal assistant had quit her job just hours before the incident involving the assistant s mother , police said .
it involves the worst foreign policy mistake in the history of this country .
it s quite a change of scenery for a bridge that has seen more war than love since it was built in the second century b . c . ponte milvio served as the battlefield between rival emperors constantine and maxentius in
hill has spent part of his visit touring the yongbyon nuclear facility .
an estimated , people came together to celebrate peace , love and understanding , organizers said , despite the labor day weekend shutdown of the bridge connecting oakland to san francisco for repairs .
the boy s year old brother was also hurt by shrapnel from the qassam rocket , which landed in the southern israeli town of sderot saturday evening , officials said .
a show featuring a lawman who makes jailed inmates wear pink underwear and uses actors to trick suspects , however , is a new twist .
diplomats said the outcome of these bilateral discussions was crucial to the ultimate success of the talks .
rescuers were ordered to evacuate , people in seven coastal and central highlands provinces , including daklak and lam dong , and give them emergency food aid , the government said .
we of the baby boom generation and our children and grandchildren will be paying for this war for a very long time to come .
a house panel will also look into whether bailout money is being used properly , as well as what role hedge funds may have played in the credit melt down .
luis moreno ocampo , investigating alleged crimes against humanity , says the killings include large scale massacres and hundreds of rapes .
journeying north , drop by greenbank farms for wine and cheese before climbing the admiralty head lighthouse for a gorgeous view of the strait of juan de fuca .
clinton was in good spirit following heart bypass surgery .
bursts of tear gas exploded in downtown athens as police continued to battle hundreds of young self styled anarchists rioting sunday in major cities across greece .
and a third sulfur transporting vessel , the kovel , went down later after striking the volnogorsk , the agency reported .
one in london and one in boston
while the north s military had previously condemned the war games , which began sunday and involve tens of thousands of south korean and american troops , the foreign ministry comment represents the highest form of official communication from pyongyang s reclusive government .
it was a bitter pill for argentina , which lost on penalties to the same opponents in the final and were favorites to win this time against a brazil team missing kaka
proenza is still employed by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration a parent organization of the nhc but he is currently on leave , said noaa spokesman anson franklin .
at more than a pair , levi s were out of reach for most palestinians anyway .
next month will mark the year anniversary of an assassination attempt on meshaal s life by the israeli intelligence organization mossad .
the group also demanded jordan free sajida al rishawi , an iraqi woman jailed for her involvement in the november wedding party suicide bombing , one of three nearly simultaneous hotel bombings in amman that killed people .
germany s richest woman has said a former lover has threatened to release pictures of them together if she does not pay him millions of euros dollars , according to her spokesman .
plus he was pushed off message , forced to talk about issues he really wasn t comfortable on .
joe torre is out as manager of the new york yankees , rejecting a deal that represented a substantial pay cut after the team failed to make it past the first round of the playoffs for the third straight year .
though meeting sean barbary in person for the first time , allam was already married to him in the online virtual world of second life .
france must now choose between two visions of society in the second round , sarkozy said .
arafat , who is , veteran symbol of the struggle for statehood , beloved by most palestinians and reviled by many israelis , was very , very sick , a palestinian cabinet minister said on condition of anonymity .
cnn the entertainment industry was not immune to the impact of the fires blazing across southern california .
but li and others said it s not a significant problem .
but there s a twist .
the pope had no intention to offend or attack transgendered people , father federico lombari said tuesday .
nepal has about security personnel on the mountain , including soldiers trained in mountain warfare , the army officer said .
whether someone is deemed to have a warm or cold personality makes a powerful first impression .
he declined to comment further on tibet during a brief news conference .
a louisiana appeals court has said that language excluding water damage from some insurance policies was ambiguous .
principe is one of the poorest spots on earth in dollar terms .
the associated press said two security officials reported the attack was the work of a suicide bomber .
the ebay transaction information also showed that blazers made an ebay purchase from a hunting supplies store on march .
an air koryo flight bound for the north korean capital pyongyang left soon afterwards .
vienna , austria cnn about vehicles slammed into each other tuesday in heavy snowfall on a motorway in northwestern austria , killing one person and injuring at least others .
recovery and reuse of wastes is encouraged as this reduces the amount disposal .
the ganges river dolphin inhabits the murky waters of the ganges river and can be spotted only when it surfaces to breathe .
the illinois senator now holds an point lead over mccain in the latest cnn poll of polls , percent to percent .
in london a car bomb was found parked near a crowded london nightclub while in glasgow an explosives laden vehicle was driven into an airport terminal .
had apologized to her and his three children .
president barack obama says the government has geared up to curb the spread of the swine flu .
search is on for a year old boy snatched from his las vegas home on wednesday .
barack obama leads among superdelegates to , according to a cnn tally .
i had been told that he would be saying these things .
worst hit were transport and power stocks .
the itunes store and the ipod have done more to change the way people listen to music than anything since the cd , and maybe since the sound recording , marks said .
jerry bodlander , capitol hill .
waterboarding begins by placing a suspect on a table with the suspect s feet slightly elevated , said kiriakou , who was waterboarded several years ago as part of his cia training .
the u . s . economy will tip into a mild recession in as the result of mutually reinforcing cycles in the housing and financial markets , the imf said .
the year old man was arrested on suspicion of making threats after he sent his finger to the liberal democratic party headquarters in tokyo , said a police official in okayama prefecture , western japan .
put large electronics , like laptops , in a separate bin
the new plane has handed boeing dominance in the lucrative market for larger , wide body jets , heavily outselling airbus .
currently , sony pictures , th century fox and disney release their high definition videos exclusively for blu ray , which is owned by sony .
pop star kylie minogue performed at the party .
vice president cheney will visit seoul in mid april .
japan s benchmark index fell to its lowest in nearly a year and a half , while hong kong s stock market sank . percent and taiwan s key index tumbled . percent .
police said a government representative addressed the striking workers grievances .
arsenal announced on saturday they had reached an agreement with barcelona for the transfer of france striker and captain thierry henry .
one of the most powerful earthquakes in a century hit asia on sunday , unleashing tsunami waves on coastal areas of sri lanka , india , indonesia and thailand , and killing an estimated , people .
i generally feel pretty safe on our campus .
last week , al maliki used the same term when he repeated his intention to shut down the pkk offices in iraq .
the arizona senator toured new orleans th ward , the neighborhood hit hardest by hurricane katrina , and discussed the tough times ahead for the poverty stricken area .
at high level economic talks that wrap up wednesday , china is urging frustrated u . s . officials to be patient as the two powers work to manage a delicate trade relationship .
lee , roh s special political adviser and a lawmaker of the uri party , met the north s no .
london based ba said the exploratory talks would look at creating a dual listed company but offered no other details .
european indexes had slumped earlier after bnp paribas froze three funds saying the market for some of the assets they contained had disappeared .
a string of suicide attacks , shootings and rocket strikes have claimed dozens of lives on a day of violence in iraq .
you smile , and slide the disc back in its case .
the only two in the top who might not be considered perfect s
i wanted right off the bat to let the family know what had happened , especially kevin , because i worked with him in a platoon and i knew that he and the family all needed to know what had happened , o neal testified .
in the footage , lopez cites the date as march , , and confirms that other members of his party died in captivity on june , .
i mean , i m here to get a deal , but it s pretty fun chatting with people .
according to the report , the cold waves of glacial runoff into the gulf of mexico shifted atlantic ocean currents , changing climate patterns throughout the world in a cooling period known as the younger dryas .
the eu also said it would welcome any move toward genuine interoperability . and regulators added they ll continue to check if microsoft is complying with antitrust rules .
then there s the wicked witch lamia michelle pfeiffer and her two evil sisters .
sen . barack obama wednesday challenged sen . hillary clinton s claim that she was the best candidate to take on sen . john mccain in the fall .
he said the claim doesn t reflect our assessment of reality or america s assessment of reality .
it s banning the sales to help protect african and asian elephants .
fear of an iranian nuclear threat to europe is one reason the bush administration pushed so hard for a missile defense base in poland and the czech republic .
we re learning more about the toddler in texas who s become the first swine flu fatality in the us .
the last film in george lucas six part saga of the skywalker family inevitably ends in tragedy , the final prequel leading into the dark times of dictatorship that prevail at the opening of the original star wars .
shortly after the collapse , a tractor trailer was seen burning on the bridge .
contreras and simokaitis were cremated and an informal memorial service was held at simokaitis cousin s apartment over the weekend .
the royal family moved into the castle in the s , living there until the communist regime confiscated it from princess ileana in .
you can use what s called a soot and dirt removal sponge .
a week later legislators rejected women s suffrage again in a separate bill .
but six shades of dylan are present with i m not there , a swirling , shifting ramble through the many lives of one of the most enigmatic figures in music history .
corrales , though , was knocked out by castillo in the rematch and lost a big payday when he failed to make weight for his next fight .
president roh said the u . s . will surely give a security guarantee if n . k . abandons its nuclear ambitions .
this skeleton , about the size of a small cat , with grasping hands and nails instead of claws , is so complete that the outline of what may have been its fur is visible .
the yemeni government said the attack tuesday which injured students , three critically , at the seventh of july school for girls , near the embassy could have stemmed from a personal dispute involving the school s headmistress .
with two top five results from his first three tour competitions as a professional , he became the youngest and fastest affiliate member to secure his card .
in many cases creating the expectation that employees should be working all the time
we re live at the white house with ap correspondent sauger magoni .
so far , apple has sold . million iphones , according to the latest data as of the end of march .
baghdad , iraq cnn authorities imposed a curfew in hilla on sunday after a roadside bomb killed a provincial police chief and two other officers , an official with the interior ministry said .
gonzales called the attack a vicious act of hate .
washington cnn a u . s . destroyer has entered somali territorial waters in pursuit of a japanese owned ship loaded with benzene that was hijacked by pirates over the weekend , military officials said monday .
once a monster category hurricane , dean was downgraded to a tropical storm wednesday as it rapidly lost strength after battering mexico s eastern coast .
but not just for his own amusement .
music the beatles played in public for the last time in a rooftop concert in london .
in a statement issued last month , the academy s ceo , john samuel , said that an internal inquiry had been launched based on an allegation of misconduct involving a dormitory parent .
in addition , abbas the leader of the fatah movement issued a decree outlawing the hamas militia and the hamas executive force , although he did not outlaw the hamas political movement .
seoul mayor lee myung bak is likely to be questioned by prosecutors over a corruption scandal surrounding a vice mayor in relation to his ambitious project of restoring the chonggyechon stream .
u . s . military and embassy officials had no immediate information about the report , which follows a series of recent shootings in which foreign security guards have allegedly killed iraqis .
there seems to have been little reaction to a report that u . s . services sector contracted sharply last month .
they forced the crew to make an emergency landing in antalya .
democrat barack obama beat rival hillary clinton in mississippi on tuesday , giving him new momentum in their increasingly nasty presidential fight as they head into the next critical showdown in pennsylvania in six weeks .
singing bruce springsteen will perform in tampa , and he admits it s not just out of the goodness of his heart
that all changed in when mary higby schweitzer of north carolina state university reported finding soft tissue , including blood vessels and cells , in a t . rex bone dug out of sandstone from the fossil rich hell creek formation in montana .
justine was a great opponent . she always challenged herself to play her best tennis no matter what the circumstances .
hartford , connecticut cnn passing notes in study hall or getting your best friend to ask a boy if he likes you or , you know , likes you , is so last century .
on friday , three timorese men were shot by an australian soldier , two of them fatally , during a confrontation near the capital s airport .
representatives of leading foreign business organizations in south korea tuesday urged the nation s anti corruption agency to come up with tighter measures to eradicate corruption and help improve investment and business conditions here .
in its place , the space agency instituted the educator astronaut program , in which former teachers became full time nasa employees .
kia motors corp . , an affiliate of hyundai motor group , announced yesterday that it would build its first u . s . automobile manufacturing plant in west point , georgia .
there were no immediate reports of damage or fatalities , a spokeswoman for the seismological network said .
he runs a web site and claims thousands of members who are asked to pay at least , won cents a month .
he refused to speculate on who might have been behind the killing , which occurred on president vladimir putin s birthday .
in his weekly radio and online speech , the president calls on the american people to pay tribute to veterans on memorial day
he believes tsonga has the potential to move into the top three or four spots , saying , he has an unbelievable forehand .
that dire sounding prediction is exactly what his audience wanted to hear .
conductor lorin maazel added i have conducted orchestras in countries where i don t speak the language but i speak the language of music and so do they . we get along instantly .
i don t know how i will get home , one man said .
we look forward to relations between our two countries that witness , during your rule , further consolidation and development in all different fields , based on a firm contractual ground , common interests and similar values .
he has been an outspoken critic of musharraf s removal of nearly all of the supreme court justices shortly after declaring a state of emergency on nov . .
the uneasiness comes as the administration nears release of a report on benchmarks for the iraqi government .
people would hover in little groups to trade gossip about who was going to get laid off .
rescuers were called at about a . m . after the baby sitter found the bodies floating in a small , man made fishing pond about yards away from the home .
they waltzed , jitterbugged and rumbaed in pairs to the nostalgic mandarin tunes churned out by a live band on the small stage .
in a deal struck in february , north korea pledged to shut down its main nuclear reactor by saturday in exchange for energy aid and political concessions .
without a clear threat , nothing could be done , however , and roy made the decision to take him on in a one on one setting .
recycling concentrated streams of co discharged from fossil fuel plants .
it s about as dangerous as you can get , schrecengost told cnn affiliate wpxi .
he also reiterated that the fed does not believe the economy will slip into a recession this year .
cvs stores planned to stop selling the withdrawn products and store brand equivalents , it said .
kim claimed lee had used phony residential addresses for property speculation .
the charges arise from an inquiry into the leak of valerie plame s identity .
the airwaves , especially , can shock strangers .
a u . s . spacecraft beamed hundreds of photos of mercury back to earth on tuesday after a close encounter with the planet closest to the sun .
the missile hit a room used as a meeting place for the extended family , relatives said .
nearly every baby picked the helpful toy over the bad one .
the men were among nine arrested in the birmingham area last week who allegedly planned to kidnap , torture and behead a british muslim soldier who had served in afghanistan .
kang ji hye , a year old office worker , said south koreans prefer to stick with the familiar .
after he was taken for questioning , the police report says , craig pulled out of a senate business card and asked the officer what do you think of that ?
han s statements follow announcements in seoul and washington that the united states will upgrade u . s . military capabilities here , following the dispatch of korea based combat units to iraq .
we are trying to make this concert something very different , said tim massey , the international director for the campaign . this is going to be the greatest concert yet .
asked whether anyone survived , luc ndjodo , a local government official in charge of the recovery effort , said
we were able to confirm the old wives tale that eating bananas and so having a high potassium intake was associated with having a boy , as was
british olympic team members have long been required to sign a contract , but for the first time the commitment will include an undertaking not to comment on any politically sensitive issues .
businesses , colleges , and government offices generally have private links between their computers and the outside world .
senate gop leader mitch mcconnell says the administration dropped the ball on the bonuses
rendition marks the first release for witherspoon , , since s walk the line , the johnny cash film biography in which she played the country music legend s wife , june carter cash .
u . s . stock index futures also were down , suggesting that shares could drop again when the market opens in new york .
this is the third child for the family
top nuclear negotiators of the united states and north korea will meet this week in beijing as part of ongoing contacts among members of the six party talks , news reports said yesterday .
microsoft s ballmer touts best version of windows ever
he said reparations are best made through schools .
the brazilian football association cbf formally submitted its plans for staging the world cup on tuesday but kept the details close to its chest .
vick and three co defendants pleaded guilty to the federal charge in u . s . district court in richmond .
though many of lord of the rings nominations were in technical categories , the film also picked up nods for best director peter jackson , best supporting actor ian mckellen , best cinematography and best adapted screenplay .
the fighting caused widespread damage to the town of around , inhabitants , most of whom were forced to leave .
the six vessel fleet scattered and ran early saturday when it realized the greenpeace vessel esperanza was heading toward them at high speed , greenpeace expedition leader karli thomas told new zealand s national radio .
cnn spaniards rarely seem at a loss for words except when it comes to their national anthem .
then , the software automatically eliminates these pages from the print job .
julien said osbourne almost did not want to part with his prized pool table because he cherished the memories of playing with his kids as they were growing up .
according to a survey by the institute of global management igm , a private think tank , percent of the ceos of foreign companies in korea said the korean government s foreign investment policy does not conform with its goal to develop the country into a regional business and financial center .
investigators say the grandfather might have stolen millions of dollars from the dealers .
the ap s jonathan katz reports the death toll is close to
he did not speculate on who it might be , but in separate interviews , pakistani government and intelligence officials said they believed it was possible that ayman al zawahiri , the chief strategist for osama bin laden , was the one surrounded .
sars affected more than , people between november and july in what the who deemed a global threat nearly of those who contracted the disease died from it .
massive flooding and landslides triggered by torrential rain have killed scores in india , china and the korean peninsula as the monsoon combines with an el nino weather pattern to cause havoc in the region .
u . s . military bases will come into the hands of korea .
authorities are offering a , reward for information in that leads to an arrest in the case .
alcohol is now percent more expensive
lee was talking about souring bilateral relations triggered by japan s renewed claim on south korea s easternmost islets of tokto and its attempt to release school textbooks that beautify japan s colonization of the peninsula .
high blood pressure is being diagnosed and treated earlier and again , because men had a greater risk of developing hypertension to begin with , they get greater benefits .
the navy sprayed one of the chinese ships with fire hoses to force it away .
prosecutors are chasing the passage of . billion won worth of convertible bonds purchased by the chairman s only son lee jay yong and his three daughters during november .
recovery from the video assisted surgery could take three to six days , but the time would be longer with the traditional operation .
wolfowitz is under fire over leaked documents that show he directed a promotion for his bank employed girlfriend , shaha riza , soon after he joined the bank in .
ford motor charts , fortune no . fell out of the top ten for the first time in the global s year history .
ling baoheng and wu hongmei , from the state assets supervision and administration commission , are being questioned , the associated press says .
the cruiser uss lake erie will get one second window each of the next nine or days to fire an interceptor missile that will destroy the faltering spy satellite before it can tumble to earth and possibly release a cloud of toxic gas .
lindsay lohan is also talking publicly about her relationship with samantha ronson .
at least rescue vehicles were at the scene , firefighters said .
at least three people were killed and were injured .
despite recommendations from the national human rights commission that the country s death penalty and the anti north korea national security law should both be abolished , that is not going to happen .
torrential downpours have caused the magdalena river , the nation s principal waterway , to overflow . the flooding has flattened houses , killed animals and crops , made highways impassable and isolated entire villages .
the higher total economic impact comes from , among other things , the cost of borrowing money to pay for the war , lost productivity , higher oil prices and the cost of health care for veterans , the committee said .
several hundred protesters have attacked the us and other embassies in serbia s capital in anger at western support for kosovo s independence .
american airlines flight slammed into the us military headquarters , killing people , after it was hijacked as part of an al qaeda plot .
as it nears the tarmac , one wing visible scrapes the ground .
could the finely worked exterior be just the housing for a much more precious object ?
do it well and we ll give you enough money to climb the mountain .
the spice girls announced in june they would be reuniting for a world tour starting in december .
. are you an active member in your church ?
terror threats , wars in iraq and afghanistan , crisis in darfur , stalled trade .
though saudi king abdullah raised hopes for reform when he assumed the throne in , news outlets remain censored , and internet access is restricted , according to the u . s . state department s latest human rights report on the kingdom .
the opposition party submitted a request for a parliamentary inspection of the national tax agency and the intelligence service .
but as the climate has warmed , glaciers have melted and become thinner and more susceptible to calving .
their testimony contradicts simpson s assertions that he had no idea weapons were involved in the incident .
you don t look too well , a south korean reporter , koo hee jin , asked at one news conference during the latest round of talks that started on thursday .
it originally meant you were for freedom , clinton responded . i prefer the word progressive .
angry protesters outside japan s heavily guarded embassy here set fire to the neighboring country s flag and called for a boycott of its goods while political leaders condemned a japanese prefecture s action in declaring a takeshima day .
a day before his trip , lee visited kim dae jung and talked with the former president for about an hour .
motech currently produces about million semiconductor wafers a month to produce million watts .
of the , u . s . military personnel killed in the war , , have been killed in attacks and fighting and in non hostile incidents , such as traffic accidents and suicides .
the evening s candlelight vigil was the largest of its kind since the president was impeached by the opposition controlled parliament march on allegations of violating the elections law and other wrongdoing .
we realized after much consideration that we needed to reevaluate our approach to provide universal and affordable access to high speed internet as part of the city s broader digital inclusion efforts , chicago s chief information officer , hardik bhatt , said in a statement .
former president kim dae jung called on the two koreas to prepare for the first stage of reunification as the next step after resolving the crisis over pyongyang s nuclear programs .
gotten them talking about these films and going back to watch them again , and if they ve never seen them , to go watch them for the first time .
president roh moo hyun has made a bold personnel move by naming a new prosecutor general to a two year term ahead of december s presidential election , despite the conservative grand national party candidate holding a commanding lead in public opinion polls .
he proposed the resolution first in january .
the typhoon was packing winds of up to kilometers per hour as of yesterday morning as it barreled toward japan s southernmost main island of kyushu .
the agreement reached by north korea , the united states , south korea , japan , china and russia outlines steps for the reclusive communist nation to begin to shut down its nuclear program in exchange for million in energy and financial aid .
the idea of sending teachers to space was conceived in the s by u . s . president reagan .
lohan put me through one of the most frightening experiences of my life , tracie rice said in a statement after the lawsuit was filed in los angeles county superior court .
south korea relations is a serious problem , lieutenant general cha young koo told the joongang ilbo .
police officer daniel enchautegui , , was killed trying to break up a burglary attempt at his neighbor s house in the bronx in december .
the waiting lists for transplants are long and , in a graying society like ours , they grow longer every day .
british businessman alan jones told cnn . com how he was about to get out of an elevator in the oberoi when another guest was shot .
there is no risk from properly chlorinated swimming pools , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
we re going to let the columbia accident board guide us in terms of their findings about what caused this accident .
this week he was putting final touches on his plan to make certain that catholic healthcare s voicemail systems and other networks recognize daylight time .
while the tribune is the biggest daily in obama s hometown , the paper hasn t endorsed a democrat in its year history .
taxes that favor more fuel efficient diesel have helped these cars grab nearly a half of the european car market .
we want more attention to our specific needs , our specific concerns , in intellectual property , in product safety , in opening chinese markets which are still not fully open , in welcoming our investment , ambassador serge abou said at a news conference .
search and rescue teams combed the jungles of southern cambodia on monday night , looking for a passenger plane with people on board that crashed earlier that day while flying between two popular tourist destinations , officials said .
the hard line students chanted thank you , president as police looked on from outside the university s gates without intervening .
initially , clapton planned to sit down for a series of interviews about his life , leaving a collaborator to handle the tweaking and organization .
the u . s . navy confirmed that the vessel , sirius star , had been stormed by pirates and the crew held hostage .
brown , whose real name is inga marchand , was driving a sport utility vehicle on wednesday when she was stopped for talking on a handheld cell phone and failing to stop at a stop sign , police told the record of bergen county .
but they didn t have a long wait before they found their perfect mirror .
concern about the credit crisis is driving down oil prices , now trading here a barrel .
the woman also admitted to having sex under mutual consent , the official said .
these new values include play , nature , and freedom .
it has revived interest in problems of the disabled .
at least , people are known to have been executed in countries in .
vice foreign minister yu myung hwan called the japanese ambassador to the ministry to make an official protest against the japanese premier s visit to the shrine .
merckle , , was hit by a train in the southwestern town of ulm , police said .
next to him are the bones of his year old son and the remains of another son .
the price of america s withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens , he told war veterans in missouri .
nevertheless , lawyer david mcleod said hicks was thrilled to be home after more than five years at the u . s . military camp at guantanamo bay , cuba .
austin police spokesman kevin buchman said there are no reports thus far of anyone suspicious in the vicinity at the time the package was found , but said authorities were canvassing the area for potential witnesses .
he is the fifth person to be targeted by the court , set up to bring surviving leaders of the khmer rouge to justice .
hills told kyodo that he intended to go ahead with plans to publish a japanese language edition of the book in early march .
engineers overcame the bug , but its cause remained unknown .
man yi , which approached japan s southern okinawa islands late last week , has killed three people , including a year old boy swept away by a
security council , foreign minister ban ki moon yesterday expressed a fundamental objection to japan s bid .
they are also allegedly involved in facilitating foreign terrorist movements , the military said in a news release .
at first listen , it s their sound .
the chicago race was run in record temperatures , topping the mark of degrees in .
los angeles police sparked a surprising sight when they led away real life versions of cuddly sesame street muppet elmo and cartoon hero mr incredible .
america s troubled inner cities will experience a renaissance , he says , when people get back to helping each other as if they were family .
the ap s nicole winfield reports from rome that the cruise ship s skipper is glad there were no injuries
the swiss based iucn , founded years ago , has a membership of more than nations and non governmental agencies like environmental groups , and also counts on , volunteer scientists around the globe .
the title , elephant , refers to the old expression about a problem that s as easy to ignore as an elephant in the living room .
renuart added that , as it looks like it might re enter into the north american area , then the u . s . military , with the homeland security department and the federal emergency management agency , will either have to deal with the impact or assist canadian or mexican authorities .
security was tightened tuesday , with helicopters deployed to patrol over the town , the spokesman said .
the number of new students enrolling at universities next year will be cut by nearly , , the largest reduction in history , the ministry of education has announced .
president roh demanded apologies and compensations for the truth of the past to japan .
clooney was injured , along with his companion sarah larson , when the motorcycle they were riding collided with a car in weehawken , n . j . clooney suffered a broken rib and skin abrasions and larson broke her foot .
microsoft , then a small software company in bellevue , washington , seized on this opportunity .
when caffeine is removed from coffee it is called decaffeinated coffee or decaf .
by law , prostitutes and customers can be jailed for up to one year in south korea , and adulterers twice as much .
the meeting of israeli and palestinian leaders came despite no sign that a new palestinian government will do what world leaders have called for renounce terrorism and recognize israel .
this type of activity will not be tolerated at cmu and we realize that we have much to do to continue our mission of raising awareness and educating everyone on diversity issues , president michael rao said in a news release .
the iraqi government has formed a ministerial crisis group to deal with the problem .
mr . jackson is in fine health , and finalizing negotiations with a major entertainment company television network for both a world tour and a series of specials and appearances , said dr . tohme tohme , identified as jackson s official and sole spokesperson .
ron rale , a lawyer who had represented smith , argued against the dna request , saying stern s name is already on the birth certificate as the father .
it also marks the first time the award has been won three times by one sailor .
sixty nine miners have been trapped in a flooded central chinese coal mine operating above its design capacity , state media reported on monday .
even within the country , there have been growing calls in recent years for the law to be overhauled , the china daily said .
khosa said he could make no link between bhutto s assassination and the report .
steve whitmore , a spokesman for the los angeles county sheriff s department , said the year old former james bond star allegedly committed the battery friday night outside a mexican restaurant .
in the second half , sevilla moved further ahead in the rd minute
at one point , the blaze trapped hundreds of residents in the building known as wenfu mansion .
about the wall street rally
kim seung kyu , formerly vice minister of justice and representative of a law firm , was named kang s successor .
the dynamics of delivering information to audiences has changed forever due to technology , hunke said in a statement on the plan .
prince harry is aiming to follow in his brother s footsteps by becoming a helicopter pilot , royal officials say .
the rutgers women s basketball coach called the meeting with imus productive .
he adds that the outlook statement is very muted but this is hardly a surprise , whereas the u . s . performance was well above worst fears . potter says hsbc remains a safe haven .
i think he changed the world .
on tuesday , wcbs television in new york reported that employees were suspended after leaking clooney s medical information to the press
rocks shot from the explosion damaged a wooden fence that visitors used to peer into the crater and created hazards across roads and paths .
the planet around virginis is particularly important , observes robert brown , a planetary systems specialist at the space telescope science institute in baltimore .
bhutto , , hopes to earn a third term as prime minister in january s parliamentary elections .
shares in omx rose by more than . percent during the day after the daily telegraph said u . s . exchange company nasdaq may sell its stake in the london stock exchange to borse dubai and make a joint bid with the gulf exchange for the nordic exchange owner omx .
at least three people died and more than were injured , seriously , xinhua reported .
friday s agreement , reached after the first talks between the countries prime ministers since , also calls for the south to start building shipyards in north korea and repairing a major highway and a railroad in the impoverished country next year .
the oscar ceremony began at a . m . monday morning in england and was broadcast only on a pay tv movie channel making it difficult for most britons to see it live .
french transport minister dominique bussereau denounced grave abuses and described the coordinated character of the acts as unacceptable .
.
rice said the us regarded the formation as a matter of urgency . we need to see progress and that is in everybody s interest .
both the floor building in dubai and the story structure in moscow will apparently generate their own electricity from solar panels and wind turbines fitted horizontally between each floor .
the relationship between germany and iran has been strained at times since iran s revolution .
when the quake happened , we couldn t stand straight , and we held each other s hands and ran out of our factory , he said .
rewritten or redistributed .
four crew members on board a japanese whaling ship in antarctic waters were injured monday when an anti whaling group threw butyric acid on board , a top japanese official said .
that means it would bottom out ?
the shanks lost their suit to wal mart .
the heavily fortified green zone is the seat of u . s . power in iraq .
winslet step closer to oscar with bafta support
said even though only a batch of million condoms was affected , the department decided to recall all million condoms supplied by the manufacturer since last year .
authorities say there are fears there could be more violence that would run up to an important shiite muslim holiday later this week .
a russian serial murderer dubbed the chessboard killer was given the maximum sentence of life in prison monday and ordered to undergo psychiatric therapy for a string of at least murders that terrorized moscow for years .
they paint a picture of a highly organized , technologically superior roman army beset by germanic tribes in a forest about km miles south of the modern city of hanover .
it s not clear whether she wants chris brown back , but rihanna does want something she had with her the night her singer boy friend allegedly beat her
the pakistani government denied the allegations , with two pakistani diplomatic sources calling the report baseless .
bhutto said she still intends to end her self imposed exile and return to pakistan on october .
guard robots are used privately and professionally to detect intruders or fire , karlsson said .
ferrer next plays fifth seed nikolay davydenko of russia or czech th seed tomas berdych .
cleveland police lieutenant thomas stacco says officers are searching for year old devon crawford
the appointment was announced by park nam choon , the senior presidential secretary for personnel affairs , yesterday .
i think they love the idea of the viral spreading of the story , which is fascinating . and the numbers of potential viewers are incredible .
they know i ve been tested .
he said , homes would be built to link to form a corridor between the city and the largest west bank settlement .
by pretending to attend college , the office said , the chinese could work here legally on student visas .
after the u . s . visit , abe will head to the middle east for meetings with leaders of saudi arabia , the united arab emirates , kuwait , qatar and egypt , he said .
jesse jackson , liberal filmmaker michael moore and actor danny glover were expected to join the march . an american anti war group suggested thursday that protesters could still gather in central park on the eve of the republican national convention , despite a judge s ruling that it may not stage a rally there .
they say the simple darth vader game a relatively crude biofeedback device cloaked in gimmicky garb portends the coming of more sophisticated devices that could revolutionize the way people play .
he was wrong when he said georgia should show restraint .
turkey s foreign ministry said the ambassador would return to turkey for a stay of a week or days .
men and people living in rural areas were most likely to say the constitution guarantees the right to own a gun .
the second , released in geneva in february , found that if warming through greenhouse gases was not slowed and then turned around in coming decades , the planet could see huge floods , spreading disease and social chaos .
authorities said the southern insurgents were not involved in that attack .
their desertion will likely make president roh moo hyun increasingly a lame duck as more lawmakers of the uri party are expected to quit the party and make it more difficult for roh to push through his reform policies .
at the moment , inter korean relations are dealt with by the unification ministry , while the foreign ministry handles negotiations on the nuclear issue .
in a recent case , the seoul district court the same one deciding chung s case ordered a three year suspended jail term and a fine for park yong sung , former chairman of the doosan group , for embezzling from the conglomerate .
other photos splashed across the internet appeared to reveal spears out partying wearing nothing underneath her short skirts .
antwerp , belgium cnn the head of de beers group which controls percent of the global diamond trade called on traders in europe , the u . s . and israel to back african efforts to cut and polish the continent s own gemstones .
redoubt volcano , which has erupted times since last night , sending an ash plume more than miles into the sky .
she was hospitalized sunday in sao paulo s sirio libanes hospital .
moya , the french open champion , has never advanced beyond the fourth round at wimbledon but has only contested the grass court championship twice in the previous six years .
these cells are then injected into mouse embryos . the mice born from these embryos are bred with others , to produce offspring with altered genes .
she speaks fluent korean as well as chinese and serbo croatian .
kosovo , which is mainly populated by ethnic albanians , declared independence from serbia on february .
a spokeswoman for clarence house , the prince of wales official london residence , said the duchess , who turns this year , was not suffering from cancer .
president bush failed to mention korea while listing the name of allies in his acceptance address .
the white students made a video of the incident , which they staged in reaction to the university s efforts to integrate its residences , according to a statement from the university of the free state .
edwards is in third place in the poll at percent .
at the start of her latest middle east visit , rice told reporters israel s revival of a west bank road building project could hamper negotiations .
but the vote was in fact unanimous , so i think the market consensus would now be for the boj to act in august , he said .
at a news conference this afternoon , police confirmed the dead numbered two girls , five boys and the school s headmistress at jokela high in tuusula , a quiet town around kilometers miles north of helsinki .
the mission was extended to give them time to repair a thermal blanket on the shuttle that peeled back during lift off .
the per pack cigarette tax goes from cents to .
outlying bands of the storm were expected to reach the southeast edge of florida on wednesday night or thursday morning , before veering from the u . s . coast .
pado mahn shar , who was in his sixties , was shot at his home in the thai border town of mae sot , his family said .
among the measures are allowing the establishment of hedge funds and scrapping all regulations governing private equity funds pefs by .
i believe it could be really bad and really dangerous for this country .
president mwai kibaki won a second term according to official results , but observers said the count was rigged .
at least nine people fell through a section of the highest bleachers at the fonte nova stadium in the coastal city of salvador , and eight were killed , said maj . edmilson tavares of the city s federal police .
another , mustafa moussawi , said the shiite pilgrims felt safer after making it through sunni dominated areas and into central baghdad , ap reported .
demeter quit his bank job two months ago and has launched a company , demiforce , to develop more electronic games .
speculation continues to swirl about kim jong il s travel plans , but signs are that the reclusive north korean leader has not yet begun an expected trip to beijing .
but analysts and officials said some gulf states were pressing for a small but symbolic increase of , barrels a day to reassure the markets .
they also uncovered two female figures , including one . centimeters tall with a head they call particularly accurate in shape .
greater participation will make the balloting look more open , bolstering president pervez musharraf s democratic credentials , which took a hit over his november declaration of a state of emergency and his dismissal of independent minded judges .
we are in the midst of a once in a century credit tsunami .
of those questioned in britain , france , germany , italy and spain , percent think the treaty decision should go to a vote , according to a poll conducted by the british newspaper the financial times .
the ftse closed the day . percent down , while the cac in paris lost . percent of its value and the german dax fell by . percent .
we had interest from all over the world , said david bennett , the auction house s chairman of jewelry for europe and the middle east .
xavier and the other plaintiffs had asked the federal court to allow the state supreme court to rule on their suits as well .
the awards are voted for by the head coaches and captains of all countries .
outside , police have used water cannon to try to break up anti g protesters .
choosing to overlook the steroid allegations that have dogged the san francisco slugger , selig watched bonds tie hank aaron s home run record his mouth agape , hands stuffed in pockets and nary a cheer on his lips .
has had two major rounds of layoffs and has seen its search market share shrink significantly while a series of reorganizations led to the departure of senior executives .
miami led for much of the first half and had an eight point advantage with five minutes remaining in the third quarter .
china s olympic gold medal gymnasts have been officially cleared of lying about their ages .
the royal family will be a little larger by december prince edward s wife , sophie , is expecting her second child , buckingham palace says .
it is not clear to me and to a lot of others , that the government necessarily does have or should have the right to listen in to any private communications that you and i might wish to have .
to bury your own child when it is the duty of a father to protect and nurture his offspring , the judge said . your crime deserves a punishment befitting its ghastliness and to serve as a lesson to society .
it may take another day or two .
pakistan s foreign office said the coach had endeared himself to pakistanis who were sorry to lose woolmer when the team most needed him . it is very sad that he
potato farming is ideally suited to places where land is limited and labor is abundant , conditions that characterize much of the developing world , the fao says .
ahtisaari is an outstanding international mediator , a committee spokesman said in announcing his win .
the lengthy article in the north s main rodong sinmun daily came amid a series of provocations by the communist nation that have stoked tensions on the divided peninsula .
the current un mandate is set to expire at the end of this year .
a u . s . nuclear negotiator said late last week that the next round of talks would begin in beijing the morning of dec .
episcopal presiding bishop katharine jefferts schori told the national press club that some have overreacted toward churches consecration of a gay bishop .
a japanese professor , after a meeting with a senior north korean official last week , quoted the official as saying that a nuclear weapons test by pyongyang was unavoidable .
iraqi leaders fear turkish ground forces could make a major push into northern iraq after turkey s parliament approved such an incursion in an overwhelming vote last week .
in its report , the world bank found that five nations the us , china , japan , germany and india accounted for nearly half of the world s total gdp .
the statement did not provide the location of the attack or the nationality of the soldier killed .
pointing out the improved defense capabilities of south korea s forces and the declining state of the north s military , he said , i don t see them , frankly , as an immediate military threat to south korea .
a un statement said they spent over an hour in talks , at a government guest house near the villa where she is kept under house arrest .
new world number one jelena jankovic won her second title in two weeks , defeating nadia petrova of russia on sunday in the final of the porsche grand prix .
it is not known where the initial infection came from , though medical researchers say it is likely from contact with an infected animal .
in fact , a summer trip to a mountain resort can be a downright bargain , with even pricey snowmass and vail , colorado , offering rooms for a night .
foreigners caught in illegal sex acts can be deported .
from his tiny san quentin cell , williams leads a campaign to stop children from making the same mistakes he did .
in an exclusive interview at his baghdad headquarters , petraeus told cnn he will recommend halting further withdrawals after july but he insisted more troops will be coming home from the nearly year old war .
german chancellor angela merkel said she looked forward to meeting sarkozy soon and that she was sure the traditionally strong franco german alliance would continue .
in just a short while , president elect barack obama begins a symbolic journey to his inauguration
she encourages him to record a demo . he gets her playing the piano again .
we agreed to send the ossuaries , but it doesn t mean that we agree with the filmmakers , she said . javascript
prosecutors have summoned a tv reporter for questioning about the leaked spy agency tape that has sparked a widening political scandal , and one prosecution source said the reporter could be charged with violating a court injunction .
addressing manuel marulanda , a leader of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , sarkozy said in a televised national address that betancourt doesn t have the strength to withstand this endless captivity , which is turning into a tragedy .
i plan to bring back some shocking pictures of u . s . soldiers acts of brutality .
election offices in districts of sindh province were destroyed after bhutto s assassination , dilshad said .
los angeles , california cnn heavy metal fans aren t usually seen making bids at high end auctions , but they turned out in numbers to snatch up a coat with embroidered bats , sneakers with skulls on them and other items put up for sale by ozzy osbourne .
police say the incident was not terror related .
at a news conference friday , christian hanisch , the other treasure hunter , said that geological surveying equipment had located a possible cave about feet under the surface containing precious metals that can only be either gold or silver .
baghdad , iraq cnn the number of u . s . military and iraqi civilian deaths has dropped dramatically , according to recent reports , although american military officials said it is too soon to declare a turning point in the conflict .
kinshasa , congo cnn the world health organization issued an alert tuesday urging more doctors to travel to congo to combat an outbreak of ebola fever , which kills nearly all of those it infects and has no cure or treatment .
kamen said the invention called the segway ht will be going out in limited quantities over the next few weeks , and by the end of next year , it should be widely available .
there s a strong indication of human remains in the cavity , said district attorney dewey hudson .
the rebooting of our democracy has begun , said andrew rasiej , founder of personal democracy forum and the techpresident blog . obama has the potential to transform the relationship between the american public and their democracy .
california has long taken the lead in the fight for clean air
a public memorial service for australian motion picture star heath ledger will be held next week in los angeles , australia s foreign minister has said .
the suspect was arrested a day later .
the move follows a meeting of the presidents of colombia , venezuela and ecuador in the dominican republic on friday .
wildfires fanned by strong santa ana winds raged through southern california on tuesday morning , forcing thousands of families from their homes .
ex this creature s natural habitat is the jungle .
in a hurriedly arranged news conference , nis director kim man bok said he had tendered his resignation to president roh moo hyun .
the seafront lenval hospital in nice in the south of france said tuesday that angelina jolie had checked in at its santa maria maternity clinic to be kept under doctors surveillance and get some rest before she gives birth .
the two men are workers at a crocodile farm in darwin , the capital city of the northern territory .
this year s event , which runs through thursday , is the biggest ever , with nearly , participants from countries attending .
richardson , one of the best known hispanics in the democratic party , served as energy secretary in the clinton administration as well as ambassador to the united nations .
it is the second speech by haniya since israel began its military operation in gaza on december .
don t use it as a dumping ground for kids art projects , laundry , newspapers and magazines .
the head of the committee that releases reports is a democrat .
now a magnetic antenna on the european space agency s venus express probe proved that the lightning was real .
it was the idea of a daughter of a union officer who had been killed in battle .
authorities do not know what caused the fire , and an investigation has begun , said police spokesman dragan furtula .
obama , who won the iowa caucuses , would shift momentum to himself after clinton s back to back wins , while edwards needs a victory to shed his image as a perennial third place finisher .
the images show crowds of protesters over the weekend loudly chanting and marching peacefully through the city of yangon . as myanmar military descends on the protest , the crowds quickly disperse .
the segye times reported the conversation yesterday morning , and reaction in korea was swift and negative .
the militants breached the walls of the colonial era outpost along the afghan border with explosives and seized the fort after a firefight that lasted about hours , said army lt . col . baseer hadier malik .
michael bohl , who trains rice , was named coach of the year at the national swimming awards ceremony .
kick an enemy and it flies back feet , taking down trees and walls with it .
straight from when i started playing for england i never dreamed i d get caps , and hopefully beyond .
betancourt , who was kidnapped in while she was campaigning for the colombian presidency , has become a cause celebre in france .
the cult members including four children holed themselves up in a ravine in the penza region , about kilometers miles southeast of moscow , earlier this month , threatening mass suicide if the authorities try to intervene , a government official said .
in another instance of judicial support for the national security law , the seoul high court upheld yesterday a lower court conviction of a senior civic group member over his support for korean unification .
as well as what it regards as military secrets in its declaration .
burma says people died during its suppression of the protests , but diplomats believe the true figures are much higher .
the legislative council of japan s shimane prefecture ignited the reaction when it designated feb .
we believe he is still in thailand and we are now collecting information from neighboring countries where he committed crimes of pedophilia so we can issue an arrest warrant for him , thai police col . apichart suribunya said .
korean students still show a lack of awareness about gender bias .
combined forces command cfc and the united nations command unc .
not long ago , salmon restoration efforts in the sacramento watershed were being touted as a wildlife management success story .
if i can sell myself this well , i can sell your company this well as well , she said . she said she has had offers .
president barack obama is expected to sign an executive order today , closing the military prison at guantanamo bay within a year .
israel , the us and the eu consider hamas a terrorist organization .
the government will communicate with the media only through press releases and official briefings .
not the pledge itself . according to a study published monday in the journal pediatrics , pledge takers are as likely to have sex before marriage as other teens who are also religious , but don t take the pledge .
nato foreign ministers agreed to stay the course in seeking fresh measures at the united nations to persuade iran to stop uranium enrichment and reprocessing despite a new u . s . intelligence report that concluded the country halted it nuclear weapons ambitions in .
today s report is consoling for now , but you have to be wary , said robert brusca , chief economist at fact and opinion economics .
the united nations has confirmed of its staff died in a double car bombing in the algerian capital , algiers , which officially killed at least people .
republican brent scowcroft , who was national security adviser in the first bush administration .
fortunately , nobody was using the toilets when the fire broke out and there were no injuries , tanaka said . the fire would have been just under your buttocks .
they ve spent hours in the forest already , but all the traps they ve set are empty .
eta is blamed for killing more than people in its four decade fight for independence for the basque region of northern spain and south west france .
the official said the soldiers gestured to the vehicle to stop , but the men began firing guns instead .
speaking to the press after that meeting , hill said he and wu had talked about the need to make clear to north korea that a nuclear test would be a very , very unwelcome development .
so instead , the crew filmed the actress climb over the assembly s main steel gate while parliamentary security guards tried to stop her .
after nearly two years in retirement , the year old former game show host was invited to come on down to his old quiz program .
the first death occurred december and the next was february , in hospitals at undisclosed locations in the sprawling castilla leon region , which encompasses numerous provinces north of madrid , said the spokeswoman , who asked not to be identified .
officials say he s chosen california congresswoman hilda solis for labor secretary .
kim s remarks mirror official propaganda which says the u . s . military presence in south korea is all that stands in the way of reunification of the long divided country .
mom and dad were on the cbs early show this morning , here s chuck heath
trashed the old three day record of . million , set last november by harry potter and the sorcerer s stone .
sen . barack obama monday flatly rejected suggestions he would be a vice presidential running mate for sen . hillary clinton .
i am deeply touched that this great honor has been given to me , a buddhist monk born of a simple family , he said .
the studies on tasimelteon were undertaken by researchers from brigham and women s hospital , boston , usa and monash university , australia .
when japan s prime minister heads to china for a summit thursday , he ll face conditions his predecessors haven t enjoyed for years
if there s a script i love , if the character goes in directions that i think would be great , and if sam s involved and the right cast is there , then i would consider it at that point , maguire says , adding that it could take years to develop a script for spider man .
the senate has approved legislation tonight that would kill the automatic cost of living pay raises that congress gives itself .
you should stretch the muscles in your arms , legs , and back before and after you walk .
a practice which might result in loss of a job in other countries apparently has the status of a crime in korea .
three distinct locations in the center of baghdad were smoking after apparently being bombed .
the north had mothballed work on all its nuclear facilities , including the two graphite moderated reactors , after it struck a deal with the us in .
those five surveys were done by cnn opinion research , gallup , pew , abc and cbs .
irving was on his way to give a lecture in the capital , vienna .
stone , who walked the red carpet in shanghai last year , will not be invited back soon , shanghai international film festival spokeswoman tang bing said wednesday .
she had just emerged from the party s weekly luncheon that senate majority leader harry reid called one of the most emotional caucuses he s ever attended on capitol hill .
all the gorgeous older women i know carry themselves handsomely what s that about ?
the labor department says employers cut another , jobs last month , a bit less than economist expected , but the unemployment rate jumped from . in november to . in december , the highest in almost years .
the year old dutchman usually likes his teams to play attractive , attacking football , but he will likely have to temper that instinct against the potent spanish midfield and attack , especially since russia is missing its two best forwards , the injured pavel pogrebnyak and suspended andrei arshavin .
jason reitman received a best director nomination for juno , considered this year s sleeper in the little miss sunshine mode .
typhoon sepat , which hit at the weekend and was expected to linger as a tropical depression through thursday , caused losses of nearly billion yuan million in the provinces of fujian , jiangxi , zhejiang and hunan , xinhua quoted the ministry of civil affairs and local meteorologists as saying .
a second student was searched but not taken into custody , stenberg said .
that not only allows patients to go home sooner but also can play an important role in reducing pain and preventing complications .
despite some poor performances in the s they have managed to remain one of only six teams never to be relegated from the j league s top division .
last year , the state funded kenya national commission on human rights blamed the police of more than extra judicial killing of kikuyu males during a crackdown on the mungiki gang for extortion and other violent acts .
a purported taliban spokesman , qari yousef ahmadi , denied that its fighters use children as cover or fight from civilian homes .
only one rebel group signed the peace agreement , and it has done little to stop the fighting between government backed militias and rebel groups , which the united nations estimates has killed more than , people and driven about million from their homes in the past four years .
diane fan thinks i have a smug smile , and i don t know her , and i don t know what i did to her .
the associated press has learned a peanut plant in texas has been operating without a license for nearly four years
the iranian parliament said the condemnation was based on known and accepted standards of terrorism from international regulations , including the u . n . charter .
though the tribe has subsistence fishing rights to kill whales , oswell said preliminary information indicates the whale may have been shot illegally .
in his books , irving has argued that the scale of the extermination of the jews by the nazis in world war ii has been exaggerated .
the work on the vaccine is very much under way , and we are at the steps of testing the various strains to see which is the most appropriate .
four american troops who were part of the convoy suffered scratches , in the explosion , said lt . col . david johnson , a spokesman for u . s . forces .
at this rate , south korea will soon find itself an international oddity with its exchange rate of , won to the euro , and then , the magazine suggested , how about a redenomination there to transform the oecd s lightest currency into its most confusing
the un , european union and human rights groups have called on china to abolish its system of re education through labor , which allows authorities to imprison people without trial .
his plan means billions in breaks by nixing income taxes for the million senior citizens making less than , a year , establishing a universal credit for the million homeowners who do not itemize their deductions most of whom make less than , annually and providing million americans with tax cuts of up to , .
his remarks came in the face of growing opposition from political circles and the public to his proposal , which according to the korea herald is largely seen as an electoral ploy .
the researchers report that one monkey achieved a success rate of percent over days of trials , while a second monkey completed its tasks with the arm in percent of tests conducted over two days .
the violence continued monday as four more bombs exploded in the region , killing one person and injuring more .
the mission claimed that the timing of kim s visit to taiwan was sensitive .
the lawmakers demanded that the administration disclose the details of its negotiations and keep the assembly better informed as the negotiations proceed .
winehouse has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic in january .
monks must adhere to the laws of god and the government , the paper wrote . if they violate those laws , action could be taken against them .
under a plea deal , he was sentenced to nine months in prison a fraction of the life term he faced for his crime and allowed to return to australia to serve out his term .
a lot of people apparently still haven t made up their minds about the presidential election .
beijing has always considered the island a renegade province and has threatened to go to war should taiwan declare formal independence .
cnn more than nations meeting in dublin , ireland , agreed wednesday on a treaty that would immediately ban all cluster bombs , a spokesman for the cluster munition coalition told cnn .
scotland yard said it had received the video from the sun newspaper , which made it public tuesday .
experts say only national governments and very few of the super wealthy can afford massive price tags that come with the higher category , such as a boeing that is three times the size of an average executive jet .
the new initiative , called crisis in darfur , enables google earth users to visualize the details in the region , including the destruction of villages and the location of displaced persons in refugee camps . interactive see how the new technology works
benjamin vitale , conservation international s senior adviser on eco system markets and finance , said he was not sure if this marked the first time such emission credits had been traded on a regulated exchange , but it certainly was a first for a developing country .
lt . daniel zimmerman , an infantry platoon leader in iraq , puts a blog on the internet every now and then to basically keep my friends and family up to date back home .
after we spent much of one holiday season at the animal emergency center trying to keep tilly alive , our holiday celebration turned into a hunt for household toxics .
indeed in the last month there have been five indirect fire attacks on basra air station compared with in july .
cave said that unlike the usual items bought through ebay , there are no contractual obligations when it comes to real estate .
investigators say the boy may have been snatched because of his grandfather s involvement with mexican drug dealers .
you realize that you hold the life of this tiny being in your hands , and you have no idea how to care for it , despite having read six child rearing books , says pediatrician ari brown , m . d . , author of baby .
a joint team from the national intelligence service and the defense security command is investigating a case in which confidential documents of the defense acquisition program administration , outlining vital defense development projects , were recently posted on the internet .
the provincial government has quarantined patients and controlled movement in and out of fuyang , the town in anhui province where the outbreak started in mid march , and where the children died .
north korean authorities have since tightened inspections at hwasong and adjacent cities to catch the fugitives , of whom have so far been caught , the report said .
that belief would rule out the possibility of resurrecting extinct animals from their frozen remains .
the new evidence comes in the wake of the alleged massacre in haditha , where us marines are suspected of massacring up to iraqi civilians in november .
israel said it would do everything in its power to retrieve the soldier , the first to be captured since .
none of karzai s spokesmen could be immediately reached for comment .
the head of vietnam s ruling communist party will visit seoul this week amid burgeoning bilateral trade and investment from which south korea has emerged as the biggest foreign investor in the communist state .
endeavour will carry another piece of the space station s exterior beam and a large module filled with equipment and supplies .
and because you believe in what you do and you want to honor that , and it is a tradition that needs to be upheld .
she left court shaking her head in disbelief and desperate to escape an arena which had turned into her own personal torture chamber .
what i look for in a woman is what i love to call the two hs hotness and humor , he says . but to be honest , a woman with a good sense of humor is always hot .
lewis said that after king was shot wednesday night , he rode his bicycle from san bernardino to his home in rialto , before calling police about p . m .
the couple were married in july at roberts home in taos , new mexico .
clinton and obama were running a tight race for the democratic nomination , while on the republican side , presumptive nominee sen . john mccain was hoping voters could help him finally knock his last major rival out of the race .
moreover , the united states and great britain were taking their armies out of europe , and they were about to move all of that power that had defeated hitler to the far east , to join that war .
asked kiral modi , who heads udayan care , a group that works with poor children in new delhi , the capital .
chile s emergency bureau director , carmen fernandez , said a larger evacuation wasn t necessary despite television images showing thick smoke and lava flowing from the crater .
a year old man , only identified by his surname ahn , allegedly attacked a year old acquaintance of his with a screwdriver , after watching a nationally televised press conference wednesday , in which lee hoi chang announced he is running for the presidency .
the restraining order bars valentine from coming within yards meters of bullock , james or his three children for three years .
a pair of passenger trains has crossed the heavily fortified border between north and south korea for the first time in more than years .
mccormick said bonsall , who is working in construction and playing in a band , has gotten back together with his girlfriend and they are in couples counseling .
the socialist candidate for the french presidency , segolene royal , has called on communist china to meet its international obligations on human rights .
the two are organizing a multi month horse race through north africa in the name of peace , set to kick off this year .
mugabe told his party faithful in the opening ceremony broadcast on state television and radio he would not abandon them or the people as a whole in times of hardship .
signs reading bring them home and bob murray keep your promise were posted overnight at the rescue effort s command post .
a year after the september terrorist attacks against the world trade center and the pentagon , bookstores across the country mark the anniversary with readings , vigils and other events .
the new company will be called nasdaq omx group , they said .
the arrays will provide power equivalent to the power used by typical u . s . homes , according to nasa . three spacewalks are planned , with room for an additional walk if spacewalkers run into difficulties .
european union finance ministers agreed tuesday to raise the minimum guarantee for bank deposits across member states .
ghafoor said four people had died in the bombing and five were wounded , three seriously .
i think right now the market is grappling with the length and the duration of the recession , said wilson .
under the new plan , security officials at each station will mark roof riders with dye as trains depart . when the passengers disembark at their destination , officials can then easily identify them .
harun owade , a year old mechanic , had been waiting in line to vote since a . m . in kibera , home to at least , people in a maze of potholed tracks and ramshackle dwellings .
changing times
thanks to all the citizens who have participated , zapatero said . and thanks from my heart to the citizens who have , with their votes , given a clear victory to the socialist party .
he said nato would not fire on positions if it knew civilians were nearby .
hail covered the ground , but there was no damage and officials do not believe a tornado touched down .
the agency said the pair a year old laborer and a year old teacher defended their conduct saying we are atheists and for us , having sex in church is like doing it any other place .
forest county sheriff keith van cleve said peterson was about .
so pack your shopping shoes , your love of art and your appetite and head to big d cowboy hat optional .
full story the mosques , all located in babil province parts of which make up the violence wracked triangle of death were attacked tuesday night , hours after the bombing outside khalani mosque , police in hilla said . militia members attacked two mosques in iskandariya and another near mahawil , police said .
more than suspected islamic extremists have been arrested in spain since the madrid train bombings killed people and wounded more than , on march , , the interior ministry has told cnn .
the afghan interior ministry said the attack showed the connection between terrorists and drug trafficking .
the government yesterday threatened all possible measures to curb price increases at apartments scheduled for reconstruction as police expanded an investigation into possible illegal collusion between builders and resident unions .
mattel released a statement saying letters have been sent to facebook in the u . s . regarding the scrabulous application .
the attack is near an iraqi army checkpoint .
it s amazing , its just gone , lloyd told good morning america .
president elect barack obama s top adviser insisted sunday that obama s economic plan would be big enough to handle the country s financial challenges , but he declined to speculate about how large the plan would need to be .
glaciers , from greenland to the alps to mount kilimanjaro near the equator , have also been vanishing .
the movie , arirang , is a remake of a film based on a classic nationalistic tale that depicts korean resistance to japanese colonialists , who occupied the korean peninsula from to .
but the researchers concluded that ants in the supercolony were all close enough genetically to recognize one another , despite being from different nests with different queens .
shares in elite companies such as petrochina , which already trade in hong kong and new york , tend to soar in their trading debuts given the strong appetite among chinese investors for highly valued companies .
the wire was concealed with mortar and concrete , and the propane tanks had been covered with brick and hidden underneath the floor , according to a military statement .
she said the latest burst sent ash falling three miles west of the volcano , which is about miles southeast of manila .
later he said he couldn t tolerate the disintegration of russia , and acknowledged his actions might have been a mistake .
the u . s . side agreed to provide its advanced intelligence assets to the korean military to fill the possible security vacuum on the korean peninsula after seoul assumes greater role in national defense , he added . under the tentative agreement , the u . s .
in the latest slip up , sony was forced to apologize to the church of england for a violent computer game that features a bloody shootout inside an anglican cathedral .
venice , italy cnn owen wilson is doing well as he recovers from an apparent suicide attempt , and is even making colleagues laugh , the director of his latest film said monday .
stone said state wildlife officials told him that it is not unusual for hunting preserves to buy farm raised hogs and that the hogs are considered feral once they are released .
there is a crucial shortfall in the supply of therapeutic foods used to treat children with severe acute malnutrition , the unicef official said .
torres equaled the club record of scoring in six successive home league games .
the surplus ammonia was never needed , and the tank itself had exceeded its life expectancy .
dean has fluctuated in strength since slamming into mexico s yucatan peninsula on tuesday as a category storm the most extreme level on the saffir simpson scale of hurricane intensity .
as pastor of blacksburg baptist church , tommy mcdearis was called on to tell more than families a loved one had fallen victim to virginia tech gunman seung hui cho .
the prosecution has promised to conduct a thorough investigation into the former no .
local residents spotted the minke whale a few miles from where it was freed on friday near santarem , a city in the amazon rain forest , the jornal do brasil reported .
the commission said the joint visit by ferrero waldner , who has been negotiating on behalf of the nation eu , and cecilia sarkozy , who visited the nurses and libyan leader colonel muammar gaddafi this month , was agreed in a telephone call between commission president jose manuel barroso and sarkozy .
although suharto remains in intensive care , he whispered sunday in response to questions and lifted his hands to scratch .
the economy is a top issue on the campaign trail .
some have blamed the big swiss banks and the september attacks for the airline s downfall .
a curfew is now in force in the city , where the situation is said to be calm .
also , officials in israel said there is no problem to play in qatar . i have been provided proper security by the organizers , so i feel fine being here .
thursday s meeting lasted less than an hour .
the media barrage underscored that the government campaign is moving into a new phase of damage control ahead of the much anticipated beijing olympics in august .
there have been increasing public demonstrations in south korea against the u . s . military presence .
in mauritania , officials agreed that there were survivors , but otherwise offered slightly different numbers .
basra is the last of five provinces in southern iraq that britain has handed over to the iraqis .
on tuesday , the house debated a bill that directs the treasury secretary to suggest a new , more economical composition of the nickel and the penny .
parmalat , italy s biggest listed food company , buckled under massive debts in .
lenders can legally charge up to percent interest in japan , but many exploit people s ignorance about the law and charge far higher interest , such as percent over days .
ferrera is on the rise
since then , doctors in new york and in france have announced they removed gall bladders through the vaginas of two women .
it s not hurting us much now , he said . but if prices keep going up , we have no choice but to raise our prices .
chun doo hwan ordered a brutal crackdown on buddhist monks in the early s to remove the administrative head of the korean buddhist jogye order , who chun considered a dissident , a government fact finding panel reported thursday .
almost every room has several televisions .
tokyo cnn rising energy costs triggered the biggest jump in japanese consumer prices in almost a decade while industrial production slumped , the government said friday , clouding the outlook for the world s no . economy .
adding to the alleged fraud , the bank also announced a nearly billion writedown because of the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis .
des moines , iowa cnn orangutans and bonobos in one of north america s leading ape research centers are spending time high in their habitats to escape iowa floodwaters , officials said monday .
whitehurst made her way back to shore , where she received four stitches in her right arm for a small bite wound .
a globe spokesman says details about the negotiations won t be released until tomorrow .
high energy prices can damage consuming economies , the president told a small group of reporters traveling with him in the mideast .
that was back in early june , and fuel prices have taken a sharp downturn since then , tumbling from a peak of around . per gallon to around . .
the government s desire to work with the iraqi government on reconciliation and reconstruction , continued support for the afghan government against extremism and the narcotics trade , and britain s strong commitment to achieving peace between the israelis and palestinians .
on tuesday , mccormack said washington was willing to give north korea a little more time to honor its pledge . the us has said it has no confirmation that north korea is starting to shut down its main nuclear reactor .
but abe wants japan to be more assertive on the world stage , with a military able to take part in peacekeeping missions abroad .
people should come forth and rectify the situation , goh said in a launching ceremony for the hope solidarity .
operations at the san diego international airport are normal and airlines are maintaining their flight schedules .
chinese authorities have tightly restricted access to tibet and tibetan areas of western china , where protests also broke out .
but the white house has been under pressure to talk with syria and iran , the chief u . s . opponents in the mideast .
her doctor , connie hedmark , says it s a very rare occurrence
the proposals run from the simple reduce weight , improve aerodynamics to the incredible one company wants to borrow a few tricks from jet engines .
a south korean lawmaker says that plan caught the country by surprise .
houtkooper is presenting his research to the european planetary science congress in potsdam , germany .
gayrussia leader nikolai alexeyev was bundled into a police van and driven away moments after arriving outside the offices of moscow mayor yury luzhkov , who has called homosexuals satanic .
its harvest in the past year was virtually destroyed by floods that occurred in august of , risley said .
a history , was recently named by the new york times as one of the notable books of .
but secretary of state condoleezza rice and her japanese counterpart , taro aso , warned pyongyang their two countries did not have endless patience .
cnn a cluster of nine cases of sickness linked to tomatoes from a single source is being investigated for clues to the cause of a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than people in states , health officials said monday .
visitors will still be required to have valid passports , but after january , travelers with valid esta clearance will not be required to complete the written form .
a city official said the assailant carried documents identifying him as a resident of arab east jerusalem .
a year old woman was crushed to death by a falling stone lantern , officials said , and at least other people were injured , most of them hurt when they fell during the shaking or were hit by falling objects and broken glass .
korea s overall fertility rate the average number of babies a woman aged gives birth to during her lifetime also increased , to . last year from the record low figure of . in , the report said .
fewer than penguins usually wash ashore , but with such a large number , we had to really understand their biology and learn how to treat them .
the changing strategy isn t just confined to diyala , according to u . s . officials . gen . david petraeus , commander of u . s . forces in iraq , told cnn thursday that tribal forces in anbar , the restive sunni province west of the iraqi capital , have decided to oppose al qaeda and fight with the coalition forces against them .
apple said this month it had sold its millionth ipod in just over five years , capturing more than percent of the u . s . digital music player market .
more poor marking allowed united to double their lead on the stroke of half time .
president roh moo hyun said monday he would accept the constitutional court s ruling against his capital relocation project but pledged to continue to seek balanced regional development through other means .
abramovich has also been overtaken by indian industrialist lakshmi mittal , who is the joint owner of second flight english side queens park rangers with formula one s bernie ecclestone and flavio briatore .
the gradual pull out would take troop numbers back to their level before bush ordered a build up this year .
zardari appealed to the former prime minister nawaz sharif a long time bhutto rival to drop his threat to boycott the polls .
while the clouds of war lengthen , the minds and hearts of men in all continents are drawn to christmas , the newspaper wrote in a front page article .
other people remember the more positive aspects of yeltsin s reign .
the gun discharge was the first public incident of its kind in the history of the federal flight deck officer program , which has trained thousands of pilots to carry weapons in an effort to improve aviation safety .
install a small stereo in your bedroom and play your favorite music it s a great mood enhancer .
slim also backs philanthropic causes and last week announced a million plan to build schools in mexico .
the six nation negotiations include the united states , russia , china , japan and the two koreas .
they have not named a nominee for the prime minister post , saying that announcement will happen when parliament is called into session .
diplomats worked to end a conflict that has killed more than people since the december presidential vote .
joint security area jsa , made by young director park chan wook , won the top prize at doville asia film festival in france last year and was released in asia .
the tokyo police have set up a special team to crack down on yami kinyu or racket lenders .
when i was young , i dreamed of becoming a professional player for sao paolo and playing one game for the national team , kaka said .
naftogaz rejected the allegations in a written statement of its own , demanding that gazprom immediately resume regular gas supplies .
a top us anti drugs official has accused venezuelan president hugo chavez of being a major facilitator of the trade in cocaine .
another somali journalist a member of the same clan as the kidnappers took photographs showing le gouil appearing relaxed , in a cave with two guards standing behind him , their faces covered and holding ak machine guns .
flying with the flu ?
in december , the then liberal government scrapped a program that handed out temporary work permits to foreign born exotic dancers .
earlier , german chancellor angela merkel said berlin would not give in to the demands of the kidnappers who seized two german engineers and killed at least one of them to withdraw troops from afghanistan . we will not give in to blackmail , she said .
at a rally in charlotte , north carolina , monday night , the illinois senator said she has gone home and she died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side .
despite expectations of lower fertility levels and increased death risks , global population is still expected to increase from . billion today to . billion in , it said .
the focus turned from freebies to parties once the sun went down .
authorities think the two incidents are related .
these connections let the client computers communicate from one server to another .
israel considers iran a strategic threat .
it s hard for anyone to meet bin laden himself now , but we know he s still alive .
foreign minister hoshiyar zebari said he planned to resume ties with all arab countries , including saudi arabia and kuwait .
heathrow s new terminal , which cost . billion and was two decades in the making , boasts sophisticated luggage system designed to handle , bags an hour .
but global sea levels have been rising at the rate of three millimeters per year since .
the year old security guard died at the scene when a crowd trying to get into the shopping center pushed over a brick pillar
meanwhile , competing grand national party presidential hopeful park geun hye yesterday threatened to boycott the party s primary elections , fueling concerns about the gnp s breakup ahead of the december presidential race .
the chinese government maintains it quelled counter revolutionary protests that threatened national security .
india s top security official resigns .
the suit was filed in california because that s where many of the defendants are located or do business , pawa said .
women students of one of two seminaries attached to the mosque protested in a nearby street , while their male counterparts traded gunfire with security forces .
state officials have asked fema for cots for shelters , where , people slept in shelters saturday night , said massachusetts emergency management agency spokesman peter judge .
and us defense secretary robert gates is in afghanistan to get an on the ground sense of the security situation .
her aides said she told them not to say anything in response to the speech before she does .
a landlord is promising months free rent if his apartment tenants in ohio , florida , north carolina and texas lose their jobs .
he is also due to raise human rights issues and the prospects for restoring democracy when he meets senior officials from the military government .
the company also said there would be no adverse effect on customer service or product quality as a result of the cuts .
changes in the heat from the sun may be affecting the gas giant s atmosphere , she said .
president bush , in today s weekly radio address , admits that he normally would not use government money and power to rescue banks and other corporations .
heavy rains could not stop the marchers as they made their way along the roads on the side of merdeka square . many of them were in the yellow shirts which organizers had asked them to wear .
tom harkin of iowa stepped forward to call for rumsfeld s head .
really fascinating , said jean picker firstenberg , chief executive at afi , which has done top lists every year since showcasing best comedies , thrillers , love stories and other highlights in american cinema .
he said that the filming was scheduled to wrap up wednesday , and that they were in the final hours when the accident occurred .
i was very erratic and didn t play the way i wanted , but a win is a win .
as bc card applied the higher card fee to wal mart s new pohang outlet , the retailer has canceled its contract with the card company for this store , said a spokeswoman from wal mart korea , who asked not to be named .
previously , the american embassy exempted those between the ages of and from visa interviews , resulting in only about percent of applicants needing to go through the interview process . currently , less than percent of koreans are exempt from visa interviews .
but prison labor is strongly criticized around the globe on the grounds it undercuts unions , steals jobs from law abiding workers and poses risks of human rights abuses .
mccain is slated to go to the white house on wednesday to receive the endorsement of president bush , according to two republican sources .
those who could not get inside watched on giant television screens outside in the square .
jerusalem cnn shimshon cahaner was among the first israeli soldiers to storm into the old city of jerusalem years ago .
banks , insurance companies and all others , including stock brokerages , trust managers and asset managers .
burma s rulers continue to defy the world s just demand to stop their vicious persecution , bush said in explaining the additional sanctions .
the good news about activision s transformers
in december , a massive earthquake struck off indonesia s sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than , people , including , people in indonesia s aceh province alone .
more than millimeters . inches fell in karachi on saturday , flooding low lying neighborhoods and stressing poorly constructed buildings .
oleg kononenko spent more than two hours installing the pound pump and hoses and then running three tests of the toilet while he talked with specialists at russian mission control , just outside moscow .
we don t have a hard understanding of how many vehicles are underneath the bridge and that won t be known until there s an opportunity to get some heavy equipment in to move the bridge or portions of it , said minnesota gov . tim pawlenty thursday .
i think if you look at the first days , you can sum it up pretty simply
i am telling you there is nothing to this , he said there has been no change in our policy , and i am not ware of any plans to change at this point .
haynes , whose films include safe and velvet goldmine , was a dylan fan as a teen but had not listened much to his music again until his late s , when he began the screenplay for his drama far from heaven .
it is reported that the police were then brought in and that a detective posed as a royal official during a meeting with the alleged blackmailers at a london hotel .
how to launch a tech company in one weekend
abn s boards agreed to merge with barclays in april , but were later forced to retract that in the face of the consortium s higher bid .
a previous tally , taken at the end of june , said korea had a total of billion in american securities , consisting of . billion in equities , billion in long term debt , and . billion in short term debt .
san francisco ap astounding even veterans of the fight against animal extinction , cloning technology has reproduced two endangered wild cattle , birthed by a cow last week on an iowa farm .
prosecutors say leung , a valuable fbi source of chinese intelligence for years , was simultaneously passing secret information obtained from smith to china .
referring to the bill to dispatch troops to iraq , the statement said , there is so little reason to pass the motion and so many reasons to vote it down .
even with a burgeoning wine scene , lake county is still first and foremost a haven of water recreation and summertime fun . if you re looking for the opposite of tony napa , it doesn t get much more un napa than this .
chip babcock , a lawyer for winfrey s harpo productions , denied the allegations in bonvillain s suit .
i m not going to go talk to larry king or barbara walters or anyone else , imus said on his flagship station in new york , wfan am , which is owned by cbs corp . and distributed imus in the morning nationally .
there was nothing to suggest that they d gone ashore because they were feeling ill or because they were not healthy , knight said . nothing on the first seven post mortems gave us any idea what would have made them strand .
his knack for blending science with entertainment culminated in his most famous dinosaur novel that went on to be a movie blockbuster
qais khazali had been known to reporters as a spokesman for al sadr s political movement , and reuters news agency reported that khazali was a senior aide to the anti american cleric .
council member gail brewer wants fashion houses to ban any model with a body mass index of less than . the cutoff for the world health organization s definition of normal .
later , the queen was scheduled to visit the college of william and mary before heading to louisville , kentucky , to watch saturday s kentucky derby .
condoleezza rice talks successes , failures of past years
in a surprise statement , the central bank said it cut the discount rate to . percent from . percent , effective immediately , an action that puts that rate just a quarter point above the interbank overnight federal funds rate the fed s primary policy tool .
the atmosphere is incredible , he said after chelsea s victory . it made me feel a little bit embarrassed at times .
the sales chief at chrysler says american car sales could ve dropped as much as last month , to the lowest rate in a quarter century .
this a much bigger figure than the eight who registered in and the eight who registered in .
a superior court spokesman said no changes in the order suspending spears visitation rights were made .
ban faces a number of global crises as well as reform of the un itself .
the multilateral dialogue , attended by the two koreas , the united states , china , russia and japan , went into recess in november after an ineffective three day talks in beijing .
for one , not all u . s . phones work in europe because of differing radio frequencies and technologies .
indonesia was the worst hit country in the indian ocean tsunami of december , which killed more than , people in aceh province .
this legislation , rather , seeks to achieve justice for the few remaining women who survived these atrocities , and to shed light on a grave human rights violation that has remained unknown for so many years , he said .
one of the explosions set off a chain reaction in a campus parking lot , with gas cylinders in nearby storage sheds exploding and cars powered by compressed natural gas catching fire , the ispr said .
pakistan s ambassador to the united states , mahmud durrani , said on cnn s the situation room that the reports were not true .
transported by car to the party for children in another poor neighborhood where he distributed about gifts .
the hostages are thought to have been held in several different locations in ghazni province .
the chosun ilbo reports the new law will be applied in and out of usfk headquarters and to family members of usfk personnel as well .
vaughan had predicted the wilkins shelf would collapse about years from now .
clinton and obama held events a mile apart monday in wilkes barre , pennsylvania . both focused on energy issues .
but with all its achievements and failures , the royal family deserves better treatment .
the proposal to change turkey s constitution sent chills through turkey s secular population .
a flyover of their new home in a luxurious villa turned up no clues about a report they ve added a set of twins which pitt s manager says is not true .
she was there to pick up the love of her life , whom she had met on the internet .
they need to cry a lot .
there are women who raise a baby by themselves , but it s a lot harder , she says .
earlier , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad warned that us authority in the region was rapidly collapsing , and iran would help fill the void .
wayne rooney is back in manchester united s squad this weekend after fracturing a foot on the opening day of the season .
kathmandu , nepal cnn the former communist rebels known as maoists emerged sunday as early leaders in nepal s historic elections for an assembly that could formally abolish a year monarchy .
jodi picoult is known as a serious novelist .
max kwak , the spokesman for the embassy , said yesterday that the white house has no plans to have a meeting with the opposition presidential candidate .
calculating a whale s age can be difficult , and is usually gauged by amino acids in the eye lenses .
cnn a truck flipped on its side sunday on a highway in sacramento , california , and let loose its cargo of honey bees .
twelve year old demonstrator tse tsz wai said he suggested to his father that they join after hearing about ma s remarks , made earlier this month .
peterson is also suspected in the disappearance of wife no .
moscow has long been infuriated by a u . s . plan for the defensive missile installation , which includes basing missile interceptors in poland .
former prime minister benazir bhutto arrived in islamabad from karachi on tuesday for meetings with other opposition leaders about how to respond to musharraf s declaration .
the dead man s mother , zofia cisowski , told cbc news that tasers should not be used by police .
the environmental protection agency has classified secondhand smoke as a known human cancer causing agent .
she said she tried to get in , but the wooden steps leading to the door were in flames .
she retired from public life following a stroke in and suffered several smaller strokes after that .
the suspect s name was not released because he is below the age of a minor under japanese law .
however , he said their presence wasn t overly significant and that most taliban fighters are ethnic pashtuns from southern afghanistan .
without being a member , she was limited to six lpga events , plus the u . s . women s open and women s british open .
these two kids i guess had panicked and jumped out of the top story window and the one kid broke his ankle and the other girl was not in good shape just lying on the ground .
the medical workers five bulgarian nurses and a palestinian doctor were sentenced to death in december after being convicted of intentionally starting an hiv epidemic at a children s hospital in the city of benghazi .
terrorist attacks , ticket sales for the new york show faltered .
among girls the same age , percent had done so .
he also claimed that nazi leader adolf hitler knew nothing of the holocaust . he told a libel hearing in london in that there had been no gas chambers at the auschwitz camp .
she had a few talking points that she stuck to and she repeated over and over again .
on december , the emperor s birthday , and on january , the public is allowed into the grounds of the imperial palace , with the royal family greeting visitors from a distance .
surgery , aimed at removing the extra limbs and organs , began early tuesday morning .
the japanese government has hit back in the history text book war .
transparency is a non profit working toward improving ethical practices in government .
french president nicolas sarkozy met libyan leader muammar gaddafi on wednesday on a trip to deepen relations after helping to resolve a diplomatic standoff that hurt the oil exporter s ties with the west .
the court also set trial dates of march for co defendants quanis l . phillips and purnell a . peace and a may trial for tony taylor .
it was just coming just boom , boom , boom , said witness tony love , a former army soldier .
north korea on tuesday asked south korea to provide heavy equipment and construction materials for its effort to rebuild ryongchon , its northern town that was devastated by a huge explosion last week .
he had no previous criminal record and had never threatened anyone from the school before , they added .
the sides set the end of as a goal for completing a peace treaty .
a small boat was set ablaze and collided with a larger boat as the filmmakers had intended , but the fire quickly raged out of control and engulfed both ships .
a breakthrough in stem cell research in australia could hold a key to the treatment of cancers , aids and other auto immune diseases .
it features resort hotels , homes , luxury shopping and entertainment .
thanks in large part to that support , many surveys had also given her a slight edge over barack obama among white democratic voters who attended church of any kind regularly .
designed in by sanrio , hello kitty first appeared on a plastic coin purse .
tsvangirai rejected any possibility of teaming up former finance minister makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling zanu pf party .
co defendant james edward pratt , , already has pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of possession and transportation of prohibited wildlife . he will be sentenced in january .
park rangers at bernardo o higgins national park said they found a feet deep crater in late may where the lake had been in march .
some residents from nearby futaleufu were also evacuated .
the ruling zanu pf party and the mdc have five seats each .
. athletic trainer
putin has already said he wants to keep political influence after leaving the kremlin but he has not explained how .
police spokesman marcele mendes said she will be held for at least days .
the new bill would limit about half of the money , . bn , that bush has requested to fund the war in iraq .
later that year , the united states ended a year trade embargo against libya and lifted a ban on americans traveling there .
the central bank yesterday kept its key interest rate at a record low after a government survey showed consumer confidence is the lowest in almost four years .
there won t even be much in the way of partying afterward , since many of the studios have canceled their after awards bashes .
one hurdle is ethical and political .
two pitchers , both as rural as hay , are now working for the pittsburgh pirates .
a senior u . s . official in charge of refugee issues has clarified washington s policy toward north korean defectors in china , saying the bush administration is ready to accept all bona fide refugees but believes the most appropriate solution would be for them to go to south korea .
although the phenomenon occurs around the clock , the lights are only visible at night .
the three arrived in the central afghan village of qala e qazi in a single car , their heads covered with green shawls . they said nothing to reporters , who were asked by red cross representatives not to question them .
he urged japanese companies to invest in china , vowing to address vast imbalances in the chinese economy , improve the natural environment , protect intellectual property rights , continue tax breaks for high tech companies and proceed with currency reform .
putin s spokesman has since attempted to soothe the row , describing the russian leader s comment as a hypothetical response to a hypothetical question .
the cupertino based company confirmed that the iphone is out of stock online , but added that brick and mortar stores run by apple and iphone carriers including at t inc . might still have units available .
a check ordered by city officials showed the locks posed no threat to the stability of the lamppost .
when labeouf , , refused to leave , the security guard detained him and called police at about a . m . , according to police spokeswoman laura kubiak .
islamist militants fired rockets into a northwestern pakistani town on wednesday , killing at least eight people and wounding nearly , police said , amid mounting violence along the afghanistan frontier .
he called them schtroumpf
admitting that time is pressing the bilateral fta talks will begin on june she said the imminent schedule could be a daunting task .
baur requested the burial arrangement because he was proud of his design of the pringles container , a son , lawrence baur of stevensville , michigan , said monday .
his blood pressure dropped to over , subiandono said . he is still breathing with the help of a ventilator .
if convicted , he faces up to years in prison and a fine of some million .
over celebrities and professional baseball players to be servicing in the army .
it s a lot like ohio demographically .
estimated at over million , the divorce settlement would be the highest in british legal history but would still fall short of other celebrity divorces .
shares slid wednesday on fears of recession but there were also signs that the international bailout of the financial sector was working .
and three people , including a shooting suspect , are hospitalized after a shooting inside a dorm early this morning at hampton university in virginia none were students .
part of it is how easy it is to vacation here for a woman traveling alone .
qari yousef ahmadi , who claims to speak for the militants , said the afghan government hadn t responded to any of its demands and that between a . m . a . m . edt and p . m . a . m . edt the militants would kill a few of the hostages .
the big draw was bond
former afghan king , mohammad zahir shah , died on monday , aged , presidential palace sources said .
the korea herald reports that in spite of dangerously high international oil prices , korea is still not considering resorting to a domestic tax cut that could easily pinch for local consumers , quoting the ministry of commerce , industry and energy yesterday .
women took seven out of high income job openings , such as medical doctors and corporate executives last year , according to the national statistical office .
after transportation around the country began to be shut down saturday , authorities called on millions of migrant workers to forgo their annual lunar new year trip home .
television news showed families fleeing as officers fired assault rifles into the hills , and a desperate mother and her young daughter seeking cover in a bus stop as shots flew overhead .
the report , aired late wednesday on china central television , highlights the country s problems with food safety despite government efforts to improve the situation .
lee jang yung , assistant governor for international affairs and macro supervision of the financial supervisory service , said that the eu s move to file complaints against laws that have not been passed are unreasonable .
executives admitted that yahoo s performance has been taking a hit from the sluggish economy .
i was a little bit passive in the second set , especially on her second serves , sharapova told a news conference .
birth last september to prince hisahito , the first male heir born to the imperial family in more than years .
half a block from the area where stars arrived , supporters of u . s . troops in iraq chanted usa , usa , and held a banner reading god bless america .
massey said about million has been raised through the concerts so far .
ap white house correspondent mark smith .
the aim of the test was to get that balance between diversity and integration correct in future , said immigration minister kevin andrews .
the kenyan red cross went monday to the city morgue not to count bodies but to ensure that proper methods were in place so that the bodies could be identified and family members could find out what happened , icrc s barrett said .
today an irish startup called portomedia has tested the idea in some home markets , and a few u . s . trial cities are to be announced shortly .
the united states is concerned by the aggressive tactics used by russian authorities against opposition protesters yesterday in moscow , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said in a written statement sunday .
and every time they talked about sacrifice , the numbers went down .
analysts say bullish momentum and renewed expectations that the dollar will continue to weaken against foreign currencies such as the euro and yen are likely to keep pushing oil to new records .
the life sized bust showing the roman ruler with wrinkles and hollows in his face is tentatively dated to b . c . divers uncovered the caesar bust and a collection of other finds in the rhone near the town of arles founded by caesar .
the dow jones industrial average is ahead at points after rising around a little less than at the opening .
the lethal reaction of burma s government to days of protests in rangoon and other cities has overshadowed the un general assembly in new york .
and hamilton said that more than two dozen fortune companies are testing out the product .
roy lynn oakley , , of roane county , tennessee , appeared in federal court in knoxville on thursday .
bryant thomas has more
recent gatherings like the greener gadgets conference in new york highlight the concerns .
byeon , whose detention is being sought for the first time , is accused of abusing his power to assist shin in her career rise .
while this gives the mdc significantly more power , certain legislation needs a two thirds majority to pass zimbabwe s parliament , which it appears the mdc has not secured .
according to authorities , the dead and wounded were members of a family traveling to baquba for a wedding .
. . . there has not been a lot of publicity .
china is the panama canal s second largest user .
welcome to the first day of winter !
so there s a whole new audience that might have liked the show . this was made to , i would call it , satisfy everyone .
we were told that what really might trigger any sort of reaction would be pirated copies of the film entering the country , which could set off widespread rumors about the content .
hawkers are charged with selling counterfeit drugs and forced to pay a fine .
no other cars were involved , a united club spokesman told pa sport . he s fine and is training as normal with the team this morning .
president bush , seeking to blunt international criticism of the u . s . record on climate change , on thursday urged major nations to agree by the end of next year on a global target for reducing greenhouse gases .
more than , just in the cincinnati area , part of an unprecedented early and absentee voting pattern across the state .
if the prohibition is put in place it will affect about , indians currently working legally in malaysia .
he was elected to congress in , after serving in the ohio state senate for years , where he was elected republican leader five times .
dawson looked nervous before the meeting at lotte hotel in central seoul , unlike tuesday , when he kept smiling during a briefing held after he was appointed goodwill ambassador for korean tourism by the korea tourism organization kto and for pyeongchang , a korean city bidding for the winter olympic games .
that , however , depends on the definition of anybody .
in terms of trends , videogaming is absolutely out of hand and i think the wii has captured everyone s heart and imagination . not that everyone can get one at this point .
party director general eitan cabel said former prime minister ehud barak had beaten ami ayalon , a former navy commander , after a majority of votes were counted .
it is in part due to aggressive pushes by both democratic campaigns .
it happened instantly and the woman fell backwards and , unfortunately , died as a result of the collision .
some of her top backers are hoping she will play a larger role in the obama campaign by becoming his running mate .
in addition to the new korean films , the festival will also feature some korean classics , such as the aimless bullet . as hollywood stars such as gwyneth paltrow and penelope cruz grace the red carpet at the nd london film festival , the uk s capital city shows it has become a thriving , creative hub for filmmaking .
the detroit free press and detroit news will become the first major metropolitan newspapers in the u . s . to end daily home delivery , the papers announced tuesday .
commenting on the recent japanese moves to lay claim to the tokto islets and authorize a textbook glorifying atrocities committed by japan during world war ii , roh also criticized japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi for his repeated visits to a shrine that commemorates japan s . million war dead , including class a criminals from world war ii .
i d officially like to say that i am going to be retiring after the davis cup against croatia at wimbledon , said henman , who reached a world ranking high of four in .
thousands of tourists visit the underground chamber every month .
they also worry about china s aging population .
he said the footage did not comply with regulatory guidelines .
at t is the only u . s . operator with a cellular broadband network compatible with the initial bold model .
china s foreign ministry has denied that a trip is being planned , although beijing in the past has denied reports that he was in the city until he had returned to his country .
the dutch government , however , rejected the claim .
the denial came after the afp reported that the troops surrounded taliban hideouts in afghanistan in preparation for a possible rescue mission after militants threatened to kill south korean hostages by sunset .
so if you re driving or cycling or walking through times square , and all of a sudden you re in a shower of confetti and you re thinkin , did i get the date wrong ?
yunosuke s customer from the nightclub agrees .
the storm damage made travel even more difficult in a city where traffic and road construction already make commutes tedious for thousands .
back to the president for a moment , talking to the cabinet this morning about the reworked bailout plan that has the government buying into nine big banks .
sarkozy topped the first round election on april with . percent of the ballot while royal came second with . percent .
few of them appeared to be local residents a member of the malaysian olympics council explained it was a work day .
yet it seems to be a close relative of normal sized frogs who today live half a world away in south america , challenging assumptions about ancient geography .
israeli officials defended the latest moves as part of operations that have been effective in drastically reducing the number of attacks against israelis .
it s a career that spawned the parlor game six degrees of kevin bacon , in which players attempt to link any other actor to bacon based on the massive number of co stars with whom he has worked .
the dow is now down from its all time high .
we re simply not designed for this hour world we re created .
what they hit on was a refreshing mix of monster mayhem and the amateur video style of the blair witch project .
a one year deadline was established that would have been impossible to meet operating under ibm s traditionally proprietary ways .
some studies have indicated that touch among friends might be helpful but doesn t produce nearly as much physical stress relief as contact with a partner , says psychologist kathleen light , co author of the unc study .
however hard we try , there is a possibility of a failure in reaching an agreement because of reasons either on our side or the american side , kim told a korea broadcasting system radio interviewer .
the girl had taken the pictures with her cell phone at her mother s home and e mailed them to the boyfriend , authorities said .
copts were once so dominant here that their name is the ancient name for all egyptians .
though some of ahmadi s statements turn out to be true , he also has made repeated false claims , calling into question the reliability of his information .
illinois sen . barack obama carries momentum from a sweep of weekend contests into this week s primaries in maryland , the district of columbia and virginia . new york sen . hillary clinton , meanwhile , is coming off a campaign shake up , while her advisers are seeking to lower expectations for this month s democratic contests .
new zealand is bidding a final farewell to sir edmund hillary , the first climber to stand atop mount everest , at his state funeral in auckland .
gnp chairman kang jae sup said in a radio interview , it is dirty politics to let a special counsel dig out a president elect .
the second phase of the attack could include an invasion with israeli troops and armor massed along the gaza border .
you can tell if you re making mistakes as a leader because things go wrong not just one catastrophic computer snafu but repeated errors .
a mob set fire to the church in eldoret where many people from president mwai kibaki s kikuyu tribe were sheltering .
that s music to the chief s ears
the boston herald , citing unidentified sources , reported the threat was believed to be postmarked in memphis , tenn . , and that a suspect believed to be from baltimore but living in the memphis area was being sought .
damage in san diego county alone is estimated at about billion dollars , with nearly square miles of land scorched .
the new first family makes it sound like they ll try to maintain a regular family .
the government also vowed to block the sale of apartment units in songpa gu , which a seoul district office approved a day earlier , if its finds builders listed higher sale prices than they promised while bidding for reconstruction work .
addressing senators before the vote , prodi asked them to back him so he can continue to implement the reforms introduced by his government .
cheap , easy to use , and virtually unbreakable encryption .
simonyi , a hungarian born software engineer , looked ecstatic after rescuers helped him out of the capsule and into a chair lined with fur for warmth .
apart from the one death and one injury wednesday by palestinian rockets that hit sapir college , near sderot , no other injuries were reported from the rockets .
last week , russia tested a new ballistic missile capable of carrying multiple nuclear warheads and a new cruise missile .
but another union leader , john moore , said the mta had yet to address the issue of a wage increase potentially a significant obstacle to a settlement .
havana , cuba cnn for the first time in four months , cuban leader fidel castro was shown standing and talking in video footage that aired on state run cuban tv .
at a press conference yesterday , kookmin s chief executive officer , kang chung won , and lone star s vice president , ellis short , announced the start of negotiations for what would be korea s largest corporate acquisition .
professor kang sung keun at seoul national university , one of hwang s lieutenants , sunday argued the embryonic cell batch featured in the u . s . journal , science , in , is the real thing .
killed in los angeles area wildfire
only four flavors of cake vanilla , chocolate , coconut and red velvet and catch as catch can specials like pumpkin , banana and lemon .
four of the suspects were born in the former yugoslavia , one in turkey and one in jordan .
jurors deliberated for more than five hours before recommending the sentence for lisa montgomery .
after reagan became governor of california and then president of the united states , wyman kept a decorous silence about her ex husband , who had married actress nancy davis .
msnbc announced on monday a two week suspension of its simulcast of imus show after imus referred to the rutgers players as nappy headed hos .
the seoul metropolitan police agency said wednesday that it detected the organized school gang , seoul yonhap , comprised of students from smaller gangs in schools and urged them to voluntarily disband .
musharraf , who seized power in a coup but stepped down as army chief last november , attended the ceremony as a civilian .
at least , people are also thought to have been displaced from the area .
cnn despite sen . barack obama s commanding lead in the delegate count , sen . hillary clinton campaigned hard sunday , telling voters she s running for the toughest job in the world .
sumter county sheriff pete smith said at least seven people were critically injured . in all , patients were evacuated from the hospital to other medical facilities in nearby towns , he said .
rahul sharma , the superintendent of police , said of inmates fled from the dantewada prison , miles south of raipur , the capital of chhattisgarh state .
the british ministry of defense was part owner of bae systems throughout much of the period when the alleged payments to prince bandar were made .
he won a first cas hearing in august to establish that he was not given fair rights to protest the result of his disputed bout .
both recorders were sent to washington to be reviewed as early as sunday night .
marking the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion with a touch of the swagger he showed early in the war , bush said in a speech at the pentagon , the successes we are seeing in iraq are undeniable .
depleted by injuries or suspension to seven first team regulars and without coach cesare prandelli , fiorentina hung on for a tie against reggina .
a total of u . s . military bases in five south korean cities uijongbu , tongduchon , paju , chunchon and pusan will come into the hands of koreans from to , an earlier than expected return of land by the american troops .
to help banks gain access to capital , to strengthen the financial system , and to unfreeze credit markets , and restore confidence in our financial system .
when motech first started making solar sells in its oil company competitors like shell solar and mobil solar were not doing it for the money but the publicity .
at the meetings , kwon is expected to explain the result of the korea us fta negotiations .
am i going to have a baby ? who knows ?
and now the montana legislature is thinking about scrapping daylight time .
the head of the episcopal church in the u . s . says she s open to the possibility of being wrong about the morality of homosexuality , but she also says some conservatives who ve left the church over the issue , have made an idol out of sexual orientation .
guess what s for sale on ebay this morning ?
mccain advisers described the senator s policy as significantly different from that of president bush in its goals and approach .
macau had a record million visitors last year , up percent from , and could have as many as million a year by , goldman sachs said in a research report this month .
fiji s former prime minister has begun a legal challenge to the military chiefs who deposed him last december .
to speak on their behalf , therefore , i have resigned from my role as director of the central office of information s media monitoring unit within the cabinet office in whitehall .
in , german archaeologist karl richard lepsius mentioned menkauhor s pyramid among his finds at saqqara , calling it the headless pyramid because its top was missing , hawass said .
the treaty would succeed a proposed eu constitution that was scrapped in after voters in france and holland rejected it in referenda .
it also lowered its discount rate the rate at which banks can borrow directly from the fed from . to percent .
kim s comments came as political parties are moving to have debates on whether to keep the security law , which has often been misused by governments to suppress political dissidents .
dubbed the doomsday vault , the seed bank is considered the ultimate safety net for the world s seed collections , protecting them from a wide range of threats including war , natural disasters , lack of funding or simply poor agricultural management .
several senior bosnian serb army officers have been sentenced by the u . n . war crimes tribunal in the hague for the srebrenica massacre , and others are being tried in bosnia .
to be honest with you , right now if the uaw members went in these facilities and worked for nothing . . . it would not help the companies that much , he said .
there is no silver bullet to this .
while he did not bring up the cases of abuse of young people by priests that have rocked the u . s . catholic church in recent years , the pope did mention scandal .
obama senior adviser austan goolsbee will be the chief economist on the board .
china has had its first defeat at the world trade organization wto , in a case centered on restrictions on the importation of foreign made car parts .
education minister kim jin pyo expressed displeasure yesterday in a message addressing student anger over changes in the college administration process , and at protests from teachers who are fighting proposed in class evaluations .
but tokyo rushed the equipment into service a year ahead of schedule after north korea unnerved the region last year by firing more missiles and testing a nuclear device .
the president of the baghdad based foodstuff supplier for the u . s . army has given contradictory statements on the timing of the kidnapping , efforts he made to rescue his employee and u . s . military s knowledge about it .
from auschwitz to chicago , detailed holocaust letters survive
they claim that the money is sent abroad for education costs or donations but use it to purchase foreign properties and golf courses .
because the united states is a country of immigrants , there is an immense variety .
what this does , actually , is it allows tadic a little more breathing room domestically to prepare serbian public opinion for what is pretty obviously an inevitable conclusion , subotic told cnn .
earlier , a u . n . spokeswoman said syria had not requested a meeting of the security council .
million million in fines after reaching settlements with u . s . and uk authorities for price fixing on fuel surcharges .
but , of course , the assumption was always that some professional , big name actor would be brought in to do the real voice .
but that game may get more difficult .
wadoo s forest management program calls for village committees to take responsibility for forest preservation , with technical assistance and funds from his department .
she just felt not fulfilled in new york , and shocked us when she said she was joining the peace corps , said her aunt , ann knight , of pensacola , florida , in a report from the ap . she was doing what she wanted to do .
a fire truck was parked nearby .
wachovia senior economist mark vitner said that assessment is right on the money .
he said both he and cramer are snake oil salesmen , but added he labels the daily show as snake oil .
a lot of people died .
, , , but this was considered a bargain .
brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit hbo series the sopranos as a wannabe mobster in .
the latest attempt would allow some us forces to stay in iraq to train the iraqi army and carry out counter terrorism operations .
she would be the first woman in argentina elected to the post .
the commander said , you ll have to do this many more times , and you ll have to learn not to cry .
it is now time for the new york yankees to move forward , team president randy levine said .
alexander vaccaro of the rothman institute at thomas jefferson university in philadelphia , is the first to try a revolutionary approach .
bee experts from agriculture canada were called in to help deal with the accident .
at world s end , and when he does , it s the tip of his nose that looms into screen left , eventually succeeded by a flaring nostril .
senator arlen specter , the committee s senior republican , suggested that gonzales appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the sacking of the eight federal prosecutors .
people in places like nepal , he said , no more asked to live in poverty than new zealanders were responsible for their affluence .
on sunday , the exiled dalai lama condemned china s action in his homeland , accusing beijing of cultural genocide .
long lines formed before dawn monday at airline counters at seattle tacoma international airport , where two major carriers , alaska airlines and horizon air , suspended service sunday .
xinhua reported , chinese troops and medics are involved in the rescue effort now in counties and cities .
ochoa has won six of lpga tournaments this season while sorenstam , who ochoa surpassed last season to take the top spot , has three wins in her final year on the lpga tour before retirement .
no one would argue that this war has not come at a high cost in lives and treasure , but those costs are necessary when we consider the cost of a strategic victory for our enemies in iraq .
the party of a former kosovo albanian guerrilla leader who has promised to make kosovo independent from serbia is heading for victory in the country s elections , according to unofficial results .
the victory means juande ramos side are on course to become the first team since real madrid in to make a successful defence of the uefa cup .
the plane landed safely and on time wednesday afternoon in st . petersburg .
all are gifts from his devoted followers .
specter further said during the abc interview that gonzales has a steep hill to climb and will face serious questions about his role in the firings .
the teenager is thought to have been flooded with book and film offers for her story .
despite a recommendation by military prosecutors that he also be charged with attempted murder for battling coalition forces in afghanistan , officials decided to drop that charge .
and the success of these companies , in turn , pushes the stock market higher .
about , police were on standby .
it is not the first time nintendo has received attention in the medical field .
lose a game of chess to a computer , and you could bruise your ego .
celebrity , though , is useful when he can leverage it for a good cause , he added .
during chavez s opening address to the summit on saturday , the venezuelan leader said opec should assert itself as an active political agent . but abdullah appeared to distance himself from chavez s comments , saying opec always acted moderately and wisely .
even mcdonalds will soften the yellow glow from some of its golden arches , as part of the time zone by time zone plan to dim non essential lights saturday for one hour , between pm and pm .
galyani had been hospitalized since june , after doctors found she had abdominal cancer .
the average price of an ad was . million for seconds .
fearful of a negative reaction from communist china the south korean government has once again refused an entry visa to the tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
scientists recruited college students for what they thought was personality research .
on monday , state television showed yang looking wan as he stood in his signature white polo shirt before three judges in the shenyang court .
but the crucial lead came in , when a woman pichushkin worked with at a vegetable store was found dead .
in her speech tuesday night , she will convey the message that first and foremost she is committed to democrats winning in november and will do whatever she s asked to do , the clinton adviser said .
black leaders criticized her for saying martin luther king s dream of equality came true when president lyndon johnson signed the civil rights act in .
florida clinched the presidency for george w . bush in , and ohio did the same in .
banks and businesses in taiwan , south korea , china and japan reported telephone and internet problems .
museum employees and onlookers applauded when the paintings arrived .
the princes delivered their speeches in front of their grandmother queen elizabeth ii , diana s former husband prince charles , other members of the royal family , diana s family and about guests who had gathered for the ceremony .
national broadcaster nhk said abe made the announcement in a morning meeting with ruling party leaders , citing unidentified top officials of the liberal democratic party .
one official said the troops went less than two miles inside iraq and were still there in late afternoon . it is a hot pursuit , not an incursion , one official said .
and like those old polaroid instant film cameras , the new printers should have a wow factor
a sarcophagus or at least an inscription of the queen , he said .
event planners are responsible for finding convention and meeting sites , orchestrating enrollment and registration , possibly making transportation arrangements for attendees and negotiating prices for venues and hotels .
their plan will be presented to president bush and other world leaders at a summit in june .
portuguese police have handed their file on the madeleine mccann case to prosecutors to determine whether authorities should continue looking for the missing british girl , the country s public prosecution service said tuesday .
the joong ang ilbo says at . , it was the strongest since a earthquake of the same magnitude was felt near mount songni , in north chungcheong province .
he immediately put signing the kyoto protocol on curbing greenhouse gas emissions at the top of his international agenda .
if you know what is within the moat , you won t go skinny dipping there , he said , referring to emperor akihito , who lives in the palace .
veteran crewmates peggy whitson of the united states and yuri malenchenko of russia also looked worn out .
rafael nadal pulled out of the season ending masters cup in shanghai on monday , citing fatigue after a long season and the need to prepare for the davis cup final .
sir georg solti pulled together the first orchestra for peace in at the behest of the united nations secretary general boutros boutros ghali to celebrate the organization s year anniversary .
the firm went bankrupt , while kim fled to the u . s . in after embezzling billion won in company funds and causing losses to , stockholders .
antichrist means do not put your eyes on jesus christ of nazareth .
one of the highest honors and privileges of my life
a british man who reappeared five years after he was thought to have drowned in a canoeing accident has been arrested on suspicion of fraud , police confirmed wednesday .
the north south summit and the six party talks go side by side , and after the initial steps are completed in mid april , it is possible to consider and discuss the summit , former prime minister lee hae chan told reporters in beijing saturday after he returned from pyongyang .
the federation of korean trade unions , the less militant of south korea s two umbrella labor organizations , said that in a recent opinion survey of its members , lee was picked as the most favored among three major candidates .
under growing public pressure , and with elections due later this year , howard has begun pushing u . s . officials to deal with hicks case more quickly .
abu hamza al muhajir is knowledgeable and has a history of fighting a holy war , said an internet message on a site used by islamic militants .
after the minute rally , protesters wandered around the central district until about p . m . , snarling traffic during the evening rush hour .
president george w . bush to join him in a live radio and television satellite linkup to debate the need for war before the world .
the second purpose is to sell the product .
few details have been given about the summit , and a state department spokesman said he was not ready to say who had been invited .
no patient receives any medical treatment unless medically necessary , smith said .
in peshawar , officers used tear gas and batons to break up a demonstration , the station said .
tokyo , japan former taiwanese president lee teng hui visited a tokyo war shrine thursday to pay respects to his late brother , drawing a quick rebuke from china and complicating already delicate relations between beijing and tokyo .
defense secretary des browne had already authorized deployment of an extra troops to the region on february .
beijing , china cnn what s in a name ?
the bill , passed by the house on a vote , ranks among the top accomplishments of the six month old democratic congress .
one prominent democrat worried that extended infighting after the voting in four states on tuesday could split the party into two camps and give a big boost to the presumptive republican nominee , arizona sen .
efense chiefs from south korea and the united states are expected to reach an agreement on the timetable for the transfer of wartime operational control during their talks in washington .
two call girls have dropped assault charges against the nephew of libyan leader moammar gadhafi , britain s crown prosecution service said monday .
for some products , the two countries enforce different standards , li said of china and the united states , also citing inaccurate statistics .
why are the systems not in place ?
an iraqi official says iraq and syria have come to an agreement that would increase security along their long border in the desert .
we are now being told that if we carry on fishing at the rate we do , by all of the species that we currently fish for food will have disappeared .
measured in wuhan s hankou district , the water level fell to . meters , the lowest compared with the same time of year since records began in .
critics note much remains to be determined about how the bank will operate and say it might turn out to be a largely symbolic project used by chavez to spread his oil financed influence .
at four weeks in counting till election day , it s the ground he needs to start making up now .
bligh has also announced a review of all sexual assault cases on the cape a remote , tropical region dotted by giant cattle farms and tiny aboriginal outstations in the past two years , amounting to about .
the blast happened outside the base at bagram , kilometers north of kabul .
there have been such fires this year in the philadelphia suburb .
east timor s president xanana gusmao has threatened to resign unless prime minister mari alkatiri steps down .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
colombo , sri lanka cnn a bomb exploded on a crowded commuter train in a southern suburb of sri lanka s capital monday , killing nine people and wounding at least others , police said .
impossible iii and the upcoming star trek .
clarke wrote dozens of novels and collections of short stories and more than non fiction works during a career as a writer that began in the s .
basso was forced to miss last year s tour de france as one of over professional riders implicated in the spanish investigation .
if there s any damage to bones or muscles that could be manipulated out of place , massage isn t a good idea , he cautioned . like a slipped disc or things like that , where it actually may increase irritation of the nerves or the nerve roots . those are times where it may be beneficial to stay away or stay away from that area .
sex on beach couple free on bail in dubai
still , growth next year is expected to be anemic .
about in homes surveyed last year were cited for the immediate jeopardy of patients , or actual harm .
every reaction imaginable has been predicted .
the mass circulation bild am sonntag newspaper declared the violence germany s g shame !
this , after a decent day for asian and european stocks , a day based not on optimism about the american economy , but about china coming up with a stimulus plan of its own
denocio , have you heard the saying that a man who represents himself has a fool for a client ?
baboons seeking snacks have been breaking into tourists cars in south africa , and authorities are threatening to fine visitors who give them food .
each area features different short workouts ranging from a minute to upwards of minutes including push ups and skiing , jogging and seeing how many times you can spin hula hoops .
young said information has trickled out about the storm , including one assessment from a man who rode out on a motorbike .
gazprom had been threatening the move , saying months of negotiations with ukraine had failed to resolve the issue of outstanding payments .
on the nyse stocks fell on thursday , with the benchmark s p plummeting to a month low , as news of a plunge in regional factory activity and a hefty loss at merrill lynch further clouded an increasingly dire view of the economy .
and space inspired fashion is already making cosmic waves in the design world .
when barack obama gets a call at three in the morning about a national security problem , he may be getting that call from former rival hilary clinton .
the governor , who appeared in court in a blue jogging suit , also had to forfeit his passport .
the national transportation safety board s mark rosenker says it s going to take weeks to reassemble the plane as part of the investigation into what caused the crash .
coquillette showed off the garage s psychedelically painted prius , which has undergone the conversion .
they are so loath to pose , in fact , that it s become a family joke .
removing part of a finger is a traditional form of punishment or atonement among gangsters in japan .
the instructions came during the first meeting at chong wa dae of security related ministers since roh s return to office .
all rights reserved .
meanwhile , up to , serbian protesters gathered sunday in the ethnically divided northern kosovo town of mitrovica as protests continued one week since kosovo s break from belgrade , ap said .
credit card company , is facing bankruptcy as lg electronics and lg chemical on wednesday rejected a demand from creditor banks to rescue the debt strapped card issuer .
north korea is likely to face intensified sanctions , albeit nonmilitary , if it once more defies international warnings and tests its nuclear arsenal , independent observers say .
at the same time , he noted that the higher prices are guided by supply and demand , and that there is little excess capacity in the marketplace .
ben bernanke talking about aig to the house financial services committee this morning .
eighteen people were rescued .
but smaller bourses in australia , malaysia and the philippines sank amid lingering concerns about u . s . housing and banking woes and their broader impact on the u . s . economy , a key export market for asia .
at least nine civilians have died in the clashes at nahr al bared camp , near tripoli , officials there said .
the hit nickelodeon sitcom is about a group of girls who help integrate an all boys academy .
the term comfort woman is used to describe the thousands of girls and women whom japan forced into sex slavery before and during world war ii .
communist china is cracking down on poor food safety amid a string of scares over toothpaste , pet foods , and other goods .
sen . hillary clinton will win puerto rico s democratic primary by a wide margin , cnn projects , giving her the larger share of the territory s delegates .
, musharraf indicated he might block former prime minister nawaz sharif s return , according to a report from pakistan s official news agency .
putin gave a very reassuring speech about russia s economic development going forward and underlined that russia was open for investment outside a few strategic sectors of the economy , one of the ceos told reuters .
as part of the settlement , jackson was formally invited to attend , although it was unclear if he planned to do so .
he was directly contradicting reports from his own spokesmen , who said earlier that ibrahim had been arrested in tikrit , saddam s former powerbase north of baghdad .
the folks in the park are hanging out at the straight talk cafe , an online enclave that supports john mccain .
a big crisis of mbc .
fighting between iraqi government troops and what officials call rogue or outlaw members of shiite militias has spread through southern iraq s shiite heartland to baghdad since the launch of a government crackdown in basra on tuesday .
more than , tourists were also on hand to watch the rocket soar into space after paying yuan .
the boss has a new album to promote working on a dream was released on tuesday .
gurgaon police commissioner mahendra lal said the doctor confessed the ring carried out about transplants over about years in five states across india .
dimitar penev has been reappointed coach of bulgaria for their remaining euro qualifiers , the year old told reporters on monday ahead of his second stint in charge .
the coins were minted during the early th century .
including diabetes , parkinson s disease and spinal cord injuries
bp expects to restart on monday , barrels per day of alaskan oil production at its giant prudhoe bay oil field , halted on june for a pipe leak , a bp spokesman said .
this means that employees at the kdi , most of them not teachers , are now covered by a program specially designed for the financial welfare of private school teachers , and not by the national pension scheme .
relations had deteriorated under abe s predecessor junichiro koizumi .
he also targeted the charlatans of islam , saying their long beards , huge turbans , majestic titles , purported lineages and popular myths are no substitute for the truth .
the bigger problem appears to be obama s string of losses to clinton in big states like pennsylvania and ohio . those losses have not driven up clinton s support . but they may have created doubts about obama s ability to win , says schneider .
islamabad , pakistan cnn a massive blast targeting the danish embassy in pakistan monday killed at least six people and wounded as many as , authorities said .
the lawmakers complained that the administration was unilaterally and aggressively pushing the free trade deal without sharing information with the national assembly or seeking its assent .
most shares got off to a good start , with telecommunication issues leading the gains .
in south korea , some military conscripts are assigned to riot police units .
gaza city was wracked by fighting , with two killed after abbas called for elections .
mars is one of the most studied objects in our solar system .
those who led , got involved in and supported the unrest which broke out in september were called in and are being interrogated , the junta said . some are still being called in for questioning and those who should be released will be .
a french boycott of the august opening ceremony would have added resonance because france will hold the rotating eu presidency during the august olympic games .
simpson said his friends helped him carry the items from the room .
they also receive money for accommodation and other expenses from their father , prince charles .
north korea is unlikely to give up its nuclear weapons before president bush leaves office , a u . s . official said thursday .
the u . s . military to increase security before the oct .
he knows his behavior was wrong and didn t want it to happen but he has no recollection of it , said hughes lawyer , frances jones .
yoo ki hong of the united new democratic party also suggested the ministry should increase the quota to , .
kesler said the woman was holding the sign and not yelling .
it began wednesday morning .
interfacing the node between virtual data and the sensory world , nabaztag fetches information from the internet , flashes lights on its nose and tummy , rotates its ears , sniffs rfid chips , speaks languages and understands five .
simpson was being held in isolation at the clark county jail because he is a high profile inmate , dillon said .
jamie lee curtis went shirtless to pose for aarp the magazine .
speaker of the house jose de venecia condemned what he called a criminal and despicable act by a terrorist or an anarchist .
he also repeated his warning against u . s . efforts to put elements of a missile defense system in eastern europe and confirmed his plans to step down from the presidency next year .
newly elected lawmakers in immaculate white ceremonial uniforms attended the opening in the sumptuous surroundings of the thai parliament building in bangkok .
it is being reported in the british press sunday that the men approached the royal household and suggested that they had video tape of a royal taking part in a sex act .
he said , i called it fragile since north korea is unpredictable and they have given us splitting headaches , according to a ranking ministry official who asked not to be named .
it s a dead even race , and it goes on to south carolina , david axelrod , obama s political strategist , said sunday on cbs face the nation .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
playland is on long island sound , about miles north of midtown manhattan . featuring more than rides , a pool and a beach , it draws more than million visitors a year .
there s late word from chicago that former federal reserve chairman paul volcker is onboard to head barack obama s new panel to create jobs and bring stability to the troubled financial system .
possessions were knotted into the branches of fallen trees , corrugated metal roofs and wooden walls were scattered and smashed beyond repair .
he has previously claimed it was his fighters that helped bin laden escape a u . s . operation in the mountains of tora bora , then last year pledged allegiance to the al qaeda leader .
the high court of malawi appointed kilembe to travel to
the situation began when eisenberg walked into the office at about p . m . , maj . michael hambrook of the new hampshire state police told cnn affiliate wmur tv .
the fuses were shipped to taiwan in fall and kept in a warehouse there .
deaths due to heart disease among women increase rapidly after the menopause .
in another video broadcast on nbc , cho told the camera when the time came i did it , i had to .
how you speak about a previous employer gives the hiring manager an idea of how you ll speak about him or her once you ve moved on .
earlier in the day , israeli forces took tens of hamas militants into custody , the military said .
all three stock market indexes erased deep losses earlier to end strongly ahead , with the dow jones rising . at , . .
the korea herald reports foreign carmakers are increasingly looking at korea as a growth market .
the korea times reports seoul and beijing agreed on monday to hold the next round of six party talks on north korea s nuclear problem as early as possible , confirming pyongyang s will to resolve the issue through multilateral dialogue .
the other still lets her keep an eye on her baby .
you can tell that this was an organized industry , part of an organized economy , in an ultra organized city , mazar said .
north korea called japanese officials political imbeciles for saying they won t accept pyongyang as a nuclear power , less than a week after it agreed to return to international arms talks .
critics of beijing s trade record say its currency controls are partly to blame for the gap . they say china keeps its yuan undervalued , giving exporters an unfair price advantage .
in a major show of strength over one million secular turks demonstrated in the aegean port city of izmir against the islamic rooted government ahead of turkey s early general elections .
rio de janeiro , brazil cnn brazil s largest city sold millions of dollars worth of carbon credits at an auction wednesday in a deal that experts said paves the way for developing countries to make money fighting global warming .
investigators are checking out gambling as the possible motivation for a boston medical student accused of targeting women who advertised erotic services on craigslist .
china is reportedly urging north korean leader kim jong il to ease off his hard line stance toward the united states , a sign of beijing s impatience with its communist ally s insistence on building nuclear weapons .
hanuman , the popular god known for his strength and valor , has been named official chairman of the recently opened sardar bhagat singh college of technology and management in northern india , a school official said saturday .
wealthy middle eastern businessmen and leaders also have a strong presence at the top .
but as far as we re concerned , the date is set .
zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai was released late wednesday after being detained by police for about hours , police and tsvangirai s spokesman said .
there was a backlash last week among bear stearns shareholders who felt the original deal undervalued the year old institution .
but he also will want to talk to howard about north korea , and probably iran , mckinley said .
about , people in the united states each year are given pacemakers .
former vice president al gore on monday launched a three year , multimillion dollar advocacy campaign calling for the u . s . to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions .
the u . s . forces released the journalists after questioning them for three hours and finding no trace of explosives in their luggage .
they will have to push deeper into the forest and they may be hunting for days .
malaysia has had a policy of favoring ethnic malays in jobs and education for almost four decades .
malik said the group had been trying to enter pakistan from afghanistan .
abe spokesman hiroshi suzuki , deputy cabinet secretary , said he was aware of the reports but he could not immediately confirm them .
local reports said were injured .
he also did not say where the united states stands on argentina s request for help from interpol , which must decide in the coming weeks whether to issue global alerts for the arrests .
a month later , the united states also froze u . s . based assets of eight north korean firms on suspicions of illegal activities , including counterfeiting , laundering and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
besides power and communications problems , the phenomenon is responsible for the northern lights , or aurora borealis , the luminous display of lights seen in the upper latitudes of the northern hemisphere .
the pronounced , broad based selling took a severe toll on investor confidence , which has been shattered by months of corporate scandals that came on top of last year s terrorist attacks .
the image shows the afterglow of the big bang , called the cosmic microwave background radio rays .
koreans would face punishment if they entered the country without government permission .
in keeping with his previous appearances , during sunday s televised appearance he donned a red and black track suit with white piping a sign that he was not meeting with manh in any formal , official capacity .
iraqi law requires that the three members of country s presidency council sign the execution warrants but doesn t address what happens if the leaders don t ratify the executions .
at no time was anyone in serous risk and at no time were the cars separated from the line , wright said .
paleontologist xing xu of the institute of vertebrate paleontology and paleoanthropology at the chinese academy of sciences described six fossils with leg feathers arranged in a pattern similar to wing feathers in modern birds .
the senior women s side won the asian cup after last year making the quarter finals of the fifa world cup .
pope john paul ii has blessed crowds gathered in rome .
in fact , the rotten economy became sort of a theme , with many party ers dressed in costumes that riffed on bailouts and the stimulus .
but according to university of pennsylvania professor donald kettl , some of the air is starting to slip out of hillary clinton s tires . so what s behind the shift ?
reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky .
the clericus cup will run through june and most games will be played at a vatican soccer pitch in rome .
we laid down the arms after the fight against the occupation , but now our fight is for our future , he said , speaking in the local tetum language . in this new fight , each timorese citizen has the responsibility to serve their country .
dreamworks animation ceo jeffrey katzenberg and a charity run by director steven speilberg mark some of the other hollywood heavyweights allegedly bilked by madoff , who remains in his manhattan home on house arrest after posting million bail .
it also warned of stronger physical actions if the international community tried to put pressure on pyongyang .
the claim could not be verified .
this is an historic shift from a world in which a few important media outlets kind of control the dialogue to a game where anyone can play , said howard kurtz , the media critic for the washington post and host of cnn s reliable sources .
the former cave dweller , vitaly nedogon , relayed his claims to russian tv journalists , according to anton sharonov , a spokesman for the administration of penza , a region southeast of moscow .
in recent years , a huge influx of foreign cartoons , especially from japan , have flooded the airwaves , becoming highly popular with chinese children .
japan s coastal whalers also suffer from a global pr problem .
the only north american leg of the olympic torch relay has been marked by confusion after the route was diverted to avoid crowds of protesters .
in his court statement , vander ark still sounds like a fan , saying the lexicon enhances the pleasure of readers of the potter novels , and deepens their appreciation of ms . rowling s achievement .
three arrests were in britain , one in france , and one in portugal , sandulli said .
the deal would let american forces stay in iraq three more years after their un mandate expires at the end of this year .
but much in his life was traumatic , and left him in pain .
japanese visitors queue up at sylvia s , the famous soul food restaurant .
residents of liangqiao say their river is polluted because of the iron ore mine about miles away , which is run by a nationally owned company .
we ve never seen anything like this ,
a new fire protection and sprinkler system was installed at the unesco world heritage site for the athens olympics .
a lawmaker cannot fill a position if the salary for that position has been raised during that lawmaker s term in office .
no fatalities were reported .
the shanghai stock exchange may close if emergency measures were necessary , state media reported .
throughout the year , the index has managed to stay above the benchmark , meaning optimists outnumber pessimists .
the jobless rate rose as companies remained hesitant to hire due to economic uncertainty , while college graduates sought more jobs , the nso said .
the lodge takes its environmentalism seriously , and has a clutch of international awards to prove it .
name dropping some possibilities for the supreme court
the communist chinese ambassador to london has accused the western media of demonizing china and says there are complicated problems in tibet .
vaccine makers have added a pertussis component to that booster , so next time you re due for your td booster request the tdap .
after saddam hussein s government fell last week , looters stole and smashed priceless archaeological treasures from iraq s national museum .
the issue of jerusalem also poses problems .
but the same day , a lawmaker from the left wing democratic labor party produced new documents on the same subject .
i closed my eyes and fired the gun , but i didn t hit her .
foremost among them the very likely possibility that the maldives will sink under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels .
harrell says the next thing she knew , the baby had fallen into her arms .
atop the list is senate chairman mohammad mian soomro , who was appointed prime minister , the state run associated press of pakistan reported .
representatives for two north korean trading houses last week took , out in cash , part of the blacklisted million from the banco delta asia , japan s influential asahi shimbun reported , citing unnamed sources .
obama s grandmother dies after battle with cancer
falling asleep in class ? parents flick the light switch , flap the sheets and prod their groggy teenagers to get to school on time .
south koreans have protested regularly since april when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the united states after a five year ban .
palestinian militants who infiltrated israel from gaza killed two israeli civilians and wounded several others wednesday , israeli police and ambulance services told cnn .
the united states is outraged by the terrorist attack , said secretary of state condoleezza rice , who is traveling with president bush in saudi arabia .
her denial comes amid an intensifying war of words triggered by a park aide s allegations that question lee s morality .
british foreign secretary david miliband also pointed to extremist groups .
lead supporter senator rick santorum of pennsylvania said the measure was about preserving the institution of marriage .
the roughhewn walls and ceilings contain bricks hundreds of years old , all imported from europe there are , in all .
the highest was in anchorage , .
most inhabitants of our planet will never get a firsthand look at a polar bear at the north pole or a penguin at the south .
london , england cnn scientists in the uk are seeking women to eat chocolate every day for a year in the cause of medical research .
musharraf was elected president in a vote that was criticized as unfair .
the result was a real surprise , considering doolittle hands down the best singer there had the blessing of simon cowell .
i inform you that after an exhaustive check , that was realized at hospital la paz , a brain tumor has been detected , he said .
the u . s . navy delivered , gallons of drinking water to hard hit barisal district on friday , u . s . embassy spokeswoman amy vrampas said .
he was one of five people convicted of espionage by the court in seoul .
analysts say . xxx and nearly everything else would be possible if the rules are relaxed .
it calls for direct consultation and dialogue between us , instead of easy resort to threat or sanctions , wu said after two days of closed door talks with bush administration officials .
washington redskins safety sean taylor died tuesday , a day after he was shot by an intruder who forcibly entered his residence , miami police said .
human rights activists alleged in a report being released thursday that beijing has muscled in on hong kong politics to create a climate of fear ahead of sunday s election that is expected to give opposition figures more clout in an anti government backlash .
he faces three other trials on charges that include murder , kidnapping and corruption .
in november , defense secretary des browne said britain planned to bring several thousand troops home from iraq by the end of , but he gave no specific numbers .
the storms moved to the southeast , killing another person in laurens county , georgia .
dow jones bancroft family , which controls percent of the company s voting shares , has been asked to decide by the end of monday whether to support the deal .
the anime inspired playnation room , by adriaan koster and menno schenk , sports psychedelic swirls and patterns on the walls , and a giant d gold robot in the corner .
zambian president levy mwanawasa was all smiles on sunday as he and hu launched an economic partnership zone centered around the chambishi copper mine in zambia s copperbelt province .
mississippi governor haley barbour tells cbs he bet , he s betting that mccain will show .
the afghan government has ruled out a prisoner swap and has urged the taliban to release the women being held .
kerviel has been charged with abuse of confidence and illegal use of computers for his role in the losses but has not been charged with fraud .
according to an article in the cape argus , a cape town , south africa , newspaper , the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall , the girl said .
the mice were split into two groups , with one group comprising mice which had been genetically modified to have a tendency to develop cancerous tumors .
north korea has made similar statements before , and the remarks often coincide with differences over the ongoing nuclear disarmament process .
arsenal youngster theo walcott also wins a recall to the senior squad while middlesbrough defender david wheater is a surprise inclusion .
bhutto s husband , asif ali zardari , wants a united nations inquiry into his late wife s assassination .
yangon , myanmar cnn as myanmar began a three day mourning period tuesday , the world bank reiterated that it cannot provide financial assistance or loans to the cyclone ravaged country because of unpaid debts .
because the flu vaccine given in the first season did not match well with the influenza strains circulating at that time , vaccinated employees did not experience fewer illnesses than workers who were not vaccinated .
talk about it , both to yourself and to other people , dewett suggests .
they want to write a new chapter in american history .
some civic groups suspicious of nuclear power , however , said the tremor showed that uljin was not a safe site .
in taking the line out of service , power was disrupted to other areas .
and why had bush pressed the issue , when he was already immersed in two major global confrontations ?
brown has said he will reduce troop numbers as and when possible , but aides say he is unlikely to make any big sudden shifts in policy as the british military is already planning further cutbacks .
ap s jim cunin reports that much of that money comes from unidentified donors .
under sunday s agreement , percent of the members of the assembly will be elected through proportional representation and percent through a single winner voting system among the candidates .
president elect barack obama announced wednesday that he is creating a new economic recovery board to provide a fresh perspective for his administration .
the korea times reports south korean students topped the list for problem solving skills among year olds in the results of a global survey released tuesday by the organization for economic cooperation and development oecd .
with its dim lighting , hardwood floors and urban loft feel , the oprah store is a hybrid souvenir shop and trendy boutique .
it s politically motivated , said kim of the korean employers federation .
they are alleged to have manipulated the stock price of korea exchange bank keb credit services in november by giving false information to investors in order to acquire the stock at a lower price . the court , however , turned down the requests except the one for steven lee .
vincent lui , a year old engineer who said he had never protested before , turned out with his wife and two small children , holding a black flag that said
porretti needed surgery to fuse four vertebrae together .
dressed as a firefighter , braunstein set fires in the hallway outside his victim s manhattan apartment as a ruse to gain access inside her home .
the research firm also cautioned that a prolonged war in iraq or collapse of the stock markets could limit spending .
his rise to the post of russia s president was a very good thing for the baltic states .
the holiday movie season is a chance to see old friends and make new ones .
the iraqi team s players ran a victory lap around the field before posing for photographs .
black renounced his canadian citizenship in to become a british citizen and was awarded a place in the british house of lords .
an estimated million americans are customers to the nation s , , indoor salons .
researcher eric corty said he hoped to ease the minds of those who believe more of something good is better , and if you really want to satisfy your partner , you should last forever .
fernando torres fired liverpool into the champions league quarterfinals with the only goal against man inter milan in the san siro on tuesday .
brazil s state owned oil company , petrobras , says it has discovered a huge new offshore oil field off the coast of rio de janeiro state .
london , england cnn the father of princess diana s boyfriend attacked the british royal family monday with a series of insults and accusations at the inquest looking into how the couple died .
the second purpose might be more important to the manufacturers than the first .
he reached the second round in and , but has lost in the first round four times .
beijing has been accused of human rights abuses in tibet , which its communist troops occupied in .
despite fierce protests from korean people , shimane prefectural council endorsed the measure making feb .
australia , a staunch u . s . ally and one of the first countries to commit troops to the war in iraq five years ago , ended combat operations there sunday .
and the gop s presumptive was only half right .
stiles has been turned over to las vegas metro police , who were seeking him in connection with a four year old videotape that shows a small girl being sexually assaulted .
her nephew is missing , there s an amber alert out for him .
zidane had put france ahead early with a coolly taken chipped penalty , before materazzi levelled with a header from an andrea pirlo corner .
the imf said the board agreed to revamp the fund s income model from one that primarily relies on lending to one that generates money from various sources .
the rebels said they would take control of the country s roads and destroy all royal statues after two days of unrest in which at least three people died .
the longer merchandise lies around , the better chances you have of getting a deal .
the u . s . wants to conclude negotiations by the end of the year .
however , it would take some time to bring out all the miners as only could be lifted out every hour through the adjacent ventilation shaft , she added .
he graduated from rajiv ghandi university of health sciences in bangalore , india , in .
but their discoverers suggest either late homo erectus or homo heidelbergensis two early human species found in europe during the paleolithic era , also known as the stone age .
messenger needed a gravity assist from mercury this is the first of three fly bys in order to get into orbit around the planet in .
the war was one of stunning reversals .
girls who are getting teased come home and let their aggressors have it by putting something on their blog and starting a rumor campaign , she said .
national police agency announced that female police officers will investigate victims of sexual violence .
snow queen riesch claims slalom hat trick
it is encouraging scholarly exchanges and new business opportunities .
in addition , more than coalition troops most of them americans have been killed .
but critics say farmers are often forced from their land or cheated on its value when an area is designated for these projects .
the united states will take every measure against what is perhaps greatest danger of all that may result from hostile states or terrorist groups armed with weapons of mass destruction , bush said in a written statement .
he has been elected to public office before , with one of his stints as forestry minister .
the shark was probably a great white shark , officials said .
asked by italian state tv whether they were ready for a fifth , pitt replied yeah , we re ready .
the agni iii , in contrast , is india s longest range missile , designed to reach , kilometers , miles putting china s major cities well into range , as well as targets deep in the middle east .
any disruption to peace would be a significant blow to foreign investment as well as exports and domestic consumption , park said .
he said one of the first steps he took was to order the five intelligence agencies in the different branches of the armed forces and police to share information and answer directly to him via the national intelligence service , which was controlled by vladimiro montesinos .
the opposition grand national party gnp candidate has a sizeable lead on his two rivals for the top job , polls suggest .
in a national survey examining which country koreans feel most threatened by , japan jumped to the top spot over the united states and north korea .
a check of online offerings by the state government shows some information gaps .
mccain linked his vision to that of president reagan , an icon to conservatives , many of whom have been suspicious of the senator .
the city of yangon , irrawaddy , pegu and the states of karen and mon .
we had a very nice discussion about the political situation in the country , the crisis that we are having , odinga said after the meeting . we told him our point of view .
but won three times in those fields this year , has wins worldwide since and will likely be an instant lpga front runner in .
but on his maiden voyage to the white house , brown kept his comments short regarding iraq , focusing primarily on moving from combat to overwatch missions in three of the four provinces for which britain has responsibility .
bushnell said a minor character or two often will appear in several of her books .
the bombs killed at least people and wounded more than at two popular pet markets on the holiest day of the week for muslims , authorities said .
the villa is about yards meters from the ocean club holiday village where madeleine mccann was apparently taken from her hotel room may .
the spice girls were one of the biggest acts of the s with more than million records sold .
he was only taken to the hospital in caraurai , brazil , days later because of the long distances , carvalho said .
france s right wing presidential candidate nicolas sarkozy has lost his lead over his main rival , socialist segolene royal , and the two will now go neck and neck into the second round runoff , an opinion poll showed on monday .
i have been a member of trinity church since . i have known rev . wright for almost years , he said at a news conference in winston salem , north carolina . the person i saw yesterday is not the person i met years ago .
hospitals treated dozens of people and the death toll was expected to rise .
archaeologists have yet to decipher the text , but initial interpretation indicates it formed part of a letter and contains the roots of the words judge , slave , and king , according to the university .
the government should have reported the obtained uranium .
absentee voting will be conducted on april and , and the voting on april will take place at polling stations across the nation .
the year old star of titanic said his concern for the environment dates to his childhood and watching documentaries about the destruction of rain forests and wildlife habitats .
but the party decided at a meeting in the capital , dili , on sunday that he should remain in office .
australia s the sydney morning herald says
after a series of votes , eight or nine projects were selected , and the attendees split into groups to work on the ones they were most excited about .
the three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt .
the woman , , her husband , and their three children , ages , , and , live in the home .
the korea composite stock price index in seoul declined more than percent .
michael tylo jr . was dead when police arrived following a call from an unidentified person , henderson police spokesman todd rasmussen said .
on nbc s today show , blagojevich says he s boycotting today s start of his impeachment trial before the state senate because it won t be fair
jeon appeared before the busan district prosecutors office after coming down to the port city from the tax office s headquarters in seoul .
where is the government ? the farmer asked .
the omsk region prosecutor s office said tikhonov was arrested a month after the october killing .
into account , but the game itself is absolutely
we have corridors of shame across the nation , he said .
a u . s . soldier has been sentenced to years in confinement for participating in the rape of a year old girl and the killings of her and her family in iraq , an army spokeswoman said .
cnn kidnappings , rape , slavery and murder shadow the lives of children in strife torn countries , according to a united nations children s fund report .
the war was based on two lies , said hawking .
avenir , who is still attending classes at the toronto school pending his hearing , can take his case to the university senate if he loses that appeal .
american idol is back for an th season .
on the agenda for the , delegates is the appointment of a successor to year old president jiang zemin .
paul kagan associates , a research firm , estimated that million dvd movie players had been sold in north america by the end of
there s a lot of work to be done to make sure that the commitments made in this agreement become reality , he told a news conference . but i believe it s an important step in the right direction .
putin heads to iran early next week for a summit of caspian nations amid heightened international tensions over tehran s refusal to suspend uranium enrichment activity the u . s . claims is aimed at building weapons but iran insists is for peaceful purposes .
a man claiming to speak on behalf of the taliban said the militants had killed the korean hostage on monday evening because the afghan government had refused its demands to release eight jailed militants .
with reports from more than percent of the polling stations counted , the bloc led by fiery orange revolution heroine yulia tymoshenko had about percent of the vote , followed closely by yanukovych s party with percent and yushchenko s bloc a distant third with about percent , according to the
the bush administration has for years warned that iran s development of nuclear power plants and enriched uranium masked an effort to produce an nuclear bomb .
i think she s touched the hearts and minds of people , not just in britain but all over the world .
after tuesday s primaries in montana and south dakota the party s last contests superdelegates will push either clinton or sen . barack obama to the , delegates needed to secure the party s nomination .
the large metal letters were taken off the arena overnight .
but by sunday , it appeared that saudi arabia had compromised .
words of concern and encouragement this morning about the economy .
he and his wife , elizabeth , reported . million in assets , including millions invested in the hedge fund the fortress investment group .
for parents , the internet can be like navigating a minefield .
bad boss problem solving
haitham sabah al badri , the al qaeda emir of greater samarra , was killed by an airstrike thursday east of samarra , said rear adm . mark fox during a news conference .
new york city mayor michael bloomberg , who has publicly flirted with the idea of a run for the white house as an independent , says he will not run for president .
abe and his ruling liberal democratic party ldp have been actively pursuing constitutional revision .
why not promote the culture we do have ?
she told people backstage she was nervous .
i knew you don t say that to someone unless you got something , said williams , who said he tried determine if the man had a weapon in his right hand , but could not get a clear view .
yazidis are concentrated mostly around the northern city of mosul , miles northwest of baghdad .
the prince had been deployed in afghanistan since december .
entitled unexplained lights , air force lieutenant colonel told how he witnessed an object emitting a red sun like light moving through the trees of rendlesham forest .
spitzer s involvement turned up in a federal investigation of suspicious transfers from his checking account .
billionaire investor buffett is ceo and chairman of berkshire hathaway , which has more than subsidiaries .
we respect this relation , but we will not allow such interfering to exist .
they chanted slogans to demand president roh moo hyun step down , vowing to stage rallies throughout october .
he said additional security measures have been put in place in the city .
the farc has been engaged in a long running war in colombia that has involved right wing paramilitaries , left wing rebels , government forces and drug traffickers .
the reason i m here tonight is because the democratic voters have made their choice , and so have i , edwards told a boisterous crowd in grand rapids , michigan , on wednesday .
because it s when the middle class is growing , the economy grows and everybody does well .
libby was found guilty of two counts of perjury , one of obstruction of justice and one of lying to fbi agents .
i visited in february , and the cheap airfares were gone by october .
hurricane kyle is expected to blow past the coast of maine overnight , prompting the state s first hurricane watch in years .
michael david , who had been staying at an ellsworth motel , sold four milligram methadone pills for each last week , police chief john deleo said .
video from the lake arrowhead area in san bernardino county showed dozens of homes charred as huge plumes of smoke filled the sky .
fiscal incentives alone are not going to do the trick if the advertising campaigns of the car industry are only for powerful cars , the bigger the better .
incheon international airport authorities are fed up with passenger protests of delayed departures and arrivals and are planning to do something about it .
i m confident that some solution can be resolved that makes sure that they re represented .
taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi claimed that the militants knew in advance about van uhm s movements .
the meeting drew applause from three chambers of commerce representing america , japan and europe .
the u . s . house of representatives has passed the revised version of billion bank bailout plan intended to bolster the ailing u . s . financial system .
cuddling may be good medicine for the heart .
each was charged with a count of conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and a count of solicitation of bribery , authorities said .
the financial supervisory commission fsc had pushed for a plan to restrict the number of foreign directors at korean banks to less than half of the total board members , but the attempt was blocked by the finance ministry .
current rules different sets of rules , the ministry said divide the market into eight sectors , across which firms cannot now tread .
the international cricket council and the pakistan cricket board are jointly working on a tribute to woolmer .
in separate messages , pakistani president gen . pervez musharraf and prime minister shaukat aziz also congratulated the scientists and engineers for upgrading the missile .
some brought their wives and children .
after nearly a week of harassment by culture minister yu in chon , the leaders of three state run organizations have resigned under pressure because they were appointed by former president roh moo hyun .
senna wrote a new will leaving the money only to almeida and a daughter , renata .
in her speeches , clinton said the woman later was taken to the hospital by ambulance and lost the baby .
the united states won t fare much better next year the imf projected the u . s . economy will grow by a feeble . percent in .
no cause of death was given .
president elect barack obama said tuesday that it is disappointing that illinois gov . rod blagojevich ignored warnings from senate democrats about appointing a successor to his senate seat .
the usgs also measured the aftershock at . magnitude and said it took place about two hours after the initial quake .
the incursion against the kurdistan workers party pkk in iraq began around p . m . thursday .
the couple was arrested around a . m . thursday in the luxury residential development of soto grande , in cadiz province near the town of algeciras and the british colony of gibraltar , the officials said .
such a move would allow the treasury department to go after the finances of the group and those who do business with it .
however , buffett is also optimistic , saying the nation s best days remain ahead .
opposition leader nawaz sharif accused pakistan s president monday of blindly following america and ordering anti terror operations that have left the country drowned in blood .
most researchers had anticipated that the complete disappearance of the arctic ice pack during summer months would happen after the year , he said , but now , losing summer sea ice cover by is not unreasonable .
as of the end of , hyundai together with its affiliate kia formed the world s no . automaker in both production and sales , according to automotive news , a publication that tracks the global vehicle industry .
it s a generational shift in american leadership , barack obama is under fifty , and i think he represents uh , yet another evolution in the leadership of this nation .
north korea has also proposed that the two countries resume economic cooperation talks in march , but seoul was apparently opposed to holding the talks so soon , according to pool reports .
with eight straight wins under his belt , obama was hoping to make it two more on tuesday in wisconsin and hawaii .
she started with two birdies in her first three holes , and vaulted to the front when webb strung together three straight bogeys on holes .
the speech is actually written by the government and approved by the cabinet , symbolizing the right of lawmakers to debate without interference from the monarch .
two democratic officials told cnn the investigation involves a california company that won municipal bond business in new mexico after contributing money to various richardson causes .
filbinger denied any wrongdoing but drew wide condemnation for his part in the execution of a sailor and death sentences he issued in absentia for two others in occupied norway at the end of world war two .
he said china should deepen economic restructuring and open still wider to the outside world , creating companies that compete in the global market and taking advantage of its membership in the free trading world trade organization .
obama poised to be first wired president
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
at least people were killed in that blast , which happened shortly before a . m .
in brussels , rice held talks with european and russian officials to bolster the u . s . case in her first face to face sessions with world powers that are considering new sanctions since the u . s . national intelligence estimate was made public .
before long , carter had made another sign that read , george clooney was here ! and planted it at the road .
baghdad , iraq cnn coalition forces found bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained torture complex with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday .
cnn colombia s main rebel group , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , has released a video of an abducted congressman as proof the politician is alive .
u . s . light crude for december delivery gained . to settle at . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange , surpassing the previous closing high of . set friday .
votes by delegates , party members and ordinary citizens who were chosen randomly , account for percent of the total score in selecting the nominee , party officials said .
guangzhou , china cnn last week , a rare winter storm paralyzed china s transportation system as millions tried to get home to celebrate the holiday the only chance for many migrant workers to see their families all year .
fans have speculated that mutt is the love child of indy and marion , though the filmmakers won t say .
we will continue the way we have started .
the hearing drew jeers for not inviting experts providing alternative plans to the proposal .
the draft resolution , which is expected to be formally adopted by the world health assembly on wednesday , says that the agency will work out rules to guarantee timely sharing of viruses between affected countries and who , and ensure fair and equitable distribution of pandemic influenza vaccines at affordable prices in the event of a pandemic .
but now the united states finds itself isolated at the conference , given that australian prime minister kevin rudd , whose party swept to power in general elections just one week ago , immediately put signing the kyoto pact at the top of his international agenda .
women are gang raped , often in front of their families and communities . in numerous cases , male relatives are forced at gun point to rape their own daughters , mothers or sisters , she said .
murray s motivation for creating the t runs far deeper .
this is global terrorism hitting everywhere , and they have chosen iraq to be a battlefield . and we have to take them on , mowaffak al rubaie said sunday on cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer .
why would he want to harm her ?
about , students attend those schools .
beckham has shown that he is a great player , with great pride , he added . he is playing at a great level and yesterday he fought even though he was half injured against zaragoza .
right now on wall street the dow s down by points .
despite the constraints imposed by violence , the government of iraq , the united nations , and international donors can do more to deliver humanitarian assistance to reduce unnecessary suffering .
fears grew north of los angeles that the winds may fan three wildfires into one monster blaze .
then u . s . secretary of state colin powell went to damascus in may .
she ll tell you within ten minutes whether you should dream on .
a piece of foam which broke off the external fuel tank may be responsible .
all americans can be proud
a large part of the population is a street population that doesn t live in the houses at all .
japan s scandal hit agriculture minister is to step down following the ruling coalition s crushing defeat in sunday s upper house polls .
cnn the vast majority of africans have no access to a toilet , according to preliminary data from a world health organization report to be published later this year .
eartha kitt turned sultry into an art form during her long career
harking back to authoritarian regimes of the past , the roh moo hyun government is moving to control overseas remittances to prevent the drastic flow of foreign currencies out of the country , backpedaling on its commitment to foreign exchange liberalization .
president george w bush has pledged to work with his rivals , and says he is open to new ideas on iraq .
he added that the government will seek to narrow the gap between economic indicators and real economic conditions felt by people .
gen musharraf says he declared the emergency to stop pakistan committing suicide , because the country was in a crisis caused by militant violence and an unruly judiciary in truth , the moves came as the supreme court was about to rule on the legality of gen musharraf s dubious october election victory .
president elect lee myung bak s plan to draft a prime minister and other key aides from the private sector as well as his first meeting with leaders from the finance industry yesterday underscored his tilt toward business efficiency rather than political ties .
the three day conference that opens tuesday is expected to draw a number of world leaders .
his comments were made after cnn and other media asked him for a reaction to the arrest of ali mussa daqduq .
the remote controlled roadside bomb killed two intelligence service officers , a soldier and their driver , said laghman provincial police chief abdul karim .
south korea is considering delaying rice aid to north korea after it failed to meet a key deadline to shut down a nuclear reactor , officials say .
arizona republican senator john mccain tells fox news that the best way for gm and chrysler to survive may be through bankruptcy
the national people s congress is due to take the next step in a transfer of power to a younger generation .
last week , the presidential office filed a libel suit against lee and his aides for their allegedly groundless statement that the roh administration was behind a plot to frustrate lee s presidential bid .
we have had good talks in a friendly and constructive environment , ahmadinejad said . we have the same understanding of things and the two parties are determined to strengthen their political , economic and cultural cooperation .
even he is amazed at the level of information that can be dug up these days .
one of the best ways to explore the region is by bike .
argentina had scored goals in five games before the final while brazil lost to mexico in the group stage and needed a penalty shootout to beat uruguay in the semifinals .
and world markets are skittish
the korea herald is reporting that in an audit session at city hall yesterday , the mayor of seoul again shrugged off allegations that he had financed recent rallies against relocating the national capital .
the country s budget for is billion , al shahristani said , and a conservative accounting of revenue from the oil sector is about billion to billion .
the panel of retired police and military officers told the senate that iraqi forces should be replacing us troops by early next year .
the whale ran aground for the first time wednesday in brazil .
beaudo said the company discovered a hole about the size of a pencil s diameter to a water line in a facility used to separate oil , water and natural gas .
hurricane norbert has lost some punch as it bears down on mexico s southern baja california peninsula .
several islamic holidays have long been national holidays .
colombia s largest leftist rebel group on sunday confirmed the death of its leader , pedro antonio marin , also known as manuel marulanda velez and nicknamed tirofijo , also known as sure shot .
baikonur , kazakhstan cnn a crew that includes malaysia s first astronaut and an american who will become the first woman to command the international space station prepared monday for blastoff later this week .
freak weather is a factor .
british banks were battered tuesday with the royal bank of scotland sinking to a year low .
the report from the national association of purchasing management napm helped generate a last week rally on wall street .
odinga had earlier said he would sit on the government side of parliament because his party won more seats in the parliamentary elections .
public broadcaster nhk and kyodo news agency said the man is believed to be a year old briton living in spain who visited the moat with several spanish friends .
cheong wa dae is expected to nominate the officials today , presidential spokesman yoon tai young confirmed .
economists have told us from right to left that there s more bang for the buck the term they use by investing in food stamps and unemployment insurance than in any tax cuts .
people stumble and fall in front of you but you have to just keep running , jump , knock them out of the way . it brings back old football days , said john mauger , , a retired homicide detective from huntington beach , california .
he was referring to judicial and parliamentary probes in several states including germany , spain and portugal .
he later served as deputy secretary of state and became the administration s point person on china policy and darfur .
greenpeace has pledged to take nonviolent action to try to stop the ships from killing whales , which in the past has led to activists in speed boats trying to put themselves between whales and japanese harpoons ,
by contrast , people scaled back their spending on communications and transportation , reflecting depressed consumer sentiment .
morton has also written books about princess diana , madonna and monica lewinsky .
the us military said it killed militants preparing suicide attacks in a house east of baquba .
the craft will map a distant region by measuring the impact on the spacecraft of high speed particles
germany already has similar arrangements with france , italy , spain , poland and russia , but it was the first time israel had entered into such an agreement since it formed diplomatic ties in .
they are not looking for gold to give them substantial returns in the medium term , but they re looking for something to give them wealth protection .
the sport authorities , schools or even players and parents , have covered up most of these cases , one father said .
you can see glaciers from the deck of a ship , paddling in a canoe , by floatplane or helicopter , or by driving and hiking to a park .
los angeles , california cnn hollywood writers and studio representatives began last ditch negotiations sunday in an effort to prevent a strike , the writers union said .
the idea for the competition came from the spanish olympic committee , which wanted athletes and fans to have words to sing when the anthem is played at sports events .
talent marketing agency davie brown entertainment found that more than percent of americans surveyed knew who beckham is , compared with the percent who had heard of nba star tim duncan , isidore said .
richie must complete her jail time by september .
the unpredictable pop star was the talk of the weekend . people bragged about britney sightings , buzzed about what events she would attend and offered opinions on her chances for a comeback .
the military offered no immediate explanation of why the attempted murder charge was dropped .
he was targeted by two men in a pick up truck , while sitting on the veranda of his home .
the u . s . military to increase security before the oct .
however , siniora and his anti syrian colleagues maintain a weak grip on power and face a serious challenge from politicians from the pro syrian hezbollah movement , who were emboldened after last summer s war with israel .
pyongyang s military program , and its nuclear ambitions , have long alarmed the international community .
a group of investors has crafted new employee contracts as part of its plan to bail out the ailing airline .
california national guard sergeant ron vance says he was knocked out cold by a jolt in the shower
homemade bombs have been thrown onto pitches in argentina , making plenty of noise and letting off smoke .
the tunnel is about km . miles north of tocopilla and its exit paths collapsed .
the republicans will have at least a seat majority republicans won at least seats , up from the they had going into the election .
we are going to increase production now , in the second quarter , in north america , by to support the strength of our products in the marketplace .
do i know something about the companies i m applying to ?
the meeting in sharm el sheikh brought together olmert , abbas , egyptian president hosni mubarak and king abdullah of jordan .
ubs said its dealings with parmalat were correct and did not imply any action that could be qualified as market rigging .
alternatively , hire a taxi for the day .
it is with outrage that the united states and multi national force iraq condemn the assassination of the sheik , said lt . gen . raymond odierno , the day to day operational commander in iraq , in a joint statement with u . s . embassy in iraq charge d affaires patricia butenis .
his aides visited havana earlier this week .
the burj dubai is expected to be finished by the end of and its planned final height has been kept secret .
it said other such service interruptions could occur in coming days because of the ongoing internal review of southwest s maintenance programs , policies , and procedures .
the united nations nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency , says it would take a year to rebuild if north korea decided to go back on its agreement , and that the construction could not be done in secret .
our king emerged at a time when black royalty was in demand .
but the number of teen smokers has decreased .
the next stop for the flame is canberra , australia where the torch relay will take place on thursday .
polaroid fan groups have formed on facebook .
computer and consumer electronics giant apple announced fiscal second quarter sales and profits on wednesday that beat wall street s expectations thanks to a increase in macintosh sales .
he took the surname heston after his mother divorced and remarried when he was .
around uri party legislators stood in park s way to the podium when he entered the hall at p . m .
because it is a solid , nothing has spilled out of the railcars , trinidad said .
it becomes a psychological phenomenon , he said . investors know that there are inherent risks in the market , but at the same time , they re rationalizing any bad news .
u . s . beef imports are expected to resume this month .
president george w . bush has held a secure video conference with secretary of state condoleezza rice , us diplomats in the region and his national security team .
but then obama went on a winning streak , capturing straight contests , including tuesday s primary in wisconsin and caucuses in hawaii .
the idea is that the amount of human capital a person possesses should be reflected in pay .
youssif , his parents and his infant sister , ayaa , finished their hour journey in los angeles around p . m . pt tuesday .
sk telecom co . president kim , there is no logic in blocking tv programming from satellite based dmb .
politico s david mark says , he may be the one tiptoeing through a mine field .
uribe , washington s top ally in south america , last week abruptly canceled chavez s role as a mediator in negotiations with colombia s marxist rebels over freeing hostages , sparking a war of words between the two leaders .
there is one number that we are going to be satisfied with , and that is . million people having their votes counted , clinton supporter tina flournoy said .
asked about kouchner s statement , china s u . n . ambassador wang guangya said
the men escaped after the attack , and no one claimed responsibility for it , but arab language network al jazeera said taliban militants were suspected to be responsible .
pavarotti left half of his estate to mantovani and half to his four daughters .
cafferty issued a clarification of his remarks monday , saying the comments referred to the chinese government , not its people .
kim s first stop on monday was the korea society , a nonprofit organization that promotes greater understanding and cooperation between americans and koreans .
women are subject to numerous restrictions in saudi arabia , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and the need for a man s permission to travel or have surgery .
instead of coming back with an official answer , the north is repeating its decades old arguments by using a russian news agency this time .
inside , a row of dolls marches in red square , bearing a banner reading thank you , comrade stalin , for our happy childhood .
a tornado destroyed several homes and business in southeastern virginia on monday , possibly injuring dozens people , weather and city officials confirmed .
madrid , spain cnn a bomb wounded a local politician s bodyguard in the northern city of bilbao on tuesday , in an attack a senior interior ministry official blamed on the basque separatist group eta .
earlier tuesday before it emerged that the shooter was from south korea , president roh moo hyun offered his deep condolences to bereaved family members and wished quick recovery of injured people , the president s office said in a statement .
leave it to a toymaker to launch a compact camera that targets the kawaii market in japan , based on the concept of the retro instant gratification polaroid .
the explosion went off in the verdun district near the russian cultural center , lebanese media reported .
his royal highness will not be attending the ceremony .
britain s prince harry apologizes for offensive language
cnn less than a month before key elections in pakistan , embattled president pervez musharraf on monday began an eight day visit to europe to shore up international support for his country , wracked by political turmoil and a strengthening islamic insurgency .
last month members of ms suu kyi s national league for democracy marked the th anniversary of their party s landslide election victory .
be prepared for sticker shock .
i believe in the mission of this organization , i intend to carry it out , i have had many expressions of support , he said .
roland burris is a good man and a fine public servant , but the senate democrats made it clear weeks ago that they cannot accept an appointment made by a governor who is accused of selling this very senate seat , obama said in a statement . i agree with their decision , and it is extremely disappointing that gov . blagojevich has chosen to ignore it .
pantech and its affiliate curitel communications have . trillion won . billion in outstanding bank credit .
the conservatives initially said they would review the mission then .
one group used a web site developed by the researchers to support participants exercise efforts .
the first lady is scheduled to meet with american troops and visit bamiyan province , where two giant statues of buddha carved into sandstone cliffs centuries ago
while praising each of the remaining contenders , he also urged them to swear off personal attacks against one another .
the state has always lured visitors with history and natural beauty , but now it s working to grow this tourism niche by offering virginia wine trails .
they are part of a pod of mothers and calves found stranded the day before on a beach in southeastern australia .
a small plane carrying tourists from germany and australia hit a fence and caught fire in nepal s everest region wednesday morning , killing of people on board , officials said .
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
thousands of people rioted in the streets of the somali capital on monday to protest rising food prices and shops refusal to accept somali currency .
in san diego county , at least , residents had been ordered to find refuge in shelters , schools and stadiums as fires pushed into new areas tuesday .
the updated operating system could be available on new pc s within a year .
i said , congratulations , oh my goodness and i told my kids , we need to start praying for them .
carlos surprised us in the training sessions last week , he said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
a norway brokered cease fire signed in still holds officially , and neither side has withdrawn from it fearing international criticism .
martin van buren , william henry harrison , andrew johnson and ulysses s . grant all owned slaves but not during their time in office .
david beckham is a serious athlete and a great professional .
zoellick proposed an action plan to boost long run agricultural production .
before i give you the numbers , economist nigel gault paints the big picture
it is impossible to intercept instant messenger based messages .
rowling is a fan of the harry potter lexicon web site that vander ark runs . but she draws the line when it comes to publishing the book and charging . .
more than people , including hamas members , have been killed , since the israeli air force began its bombing campaign more than a week ago .
the year old was expected to be one of the faces of this year s beijing games but limped away from the bird s nest stadium starting line due to an achilles injury which was operated on earlier this month , ruling him out for six months .
the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women s rights , and creation of a human rights commission .
fears that korean farmers could be harmed by the abolition of rice tariffs led to nationwide protests against trade liberalization over the past few months .
study links sexual content on tv to teen pregnancy
tools to combat global warming are ready , and many have developed more quickly than once predicted , but using them will require political fortitude , according to a major u . n . climate report .
they do not hasten the onset of sex .
jamaican police now claim that pakistan cricket coach bob woolmer died of natural causes and was not murdered , as they stated earlier .
state department spokesman sean mccormack said the agency changed its rules to ensure that the department can continue to offer this expedited service consistent with its regulations despite increases in demand for expedited passport processing .
nadal was clearly feeling the after effects of his grueling semifinal victory over third seeded compatriot carlos moya .
the israelis responded with accurate fire and warned them again to stop .
arroyo hailed the bill as a potent weapon to shield the country from the global scourge of terrorism .
but the associated press quoted prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero , who was elected only days after the bombings , as saying justice was rendered today .
law enforcement officials say the man accused in the craigslist killing had items belonging to the victim in his boston apartment .
suspected islamic extremists arrested last week in barcelona were planning al qaeda style attacks in spain , germany , france , britain and portugal , according to an informant who infiltrated the group , spain s el pais newspaper reports .
the national birthrate fell to an all time low , with one korean woman expected to give birth to only one child through her life .
the state environmental protection agency is expected to be elevated into a full fledged ministry to give it more teeth , personnel and a bigger budget ,
at least people have died in the affected region over about four months and nearly have fallen ill , said jean constatin kanow , chief medical inspector for congo s kasai oriental province .
the north koreans have again clearly isolated themselves , white house press secretary tony snow told reporters .
days of torrential rain triggered the landslides as well as floods that inundated thousands of houses elsewhere in the country .
the pentagon announced tuesday the next scheduled rotation of u . s . troops to iraq , while evidence of deadly sectarian violence continued to line the streets of baghdad .
britain has already downgraded its gdp growth forecast to between percent and . percent , well below the . percent growth in and its pre credit crisis estimate for of between . percent to . percent .
the pacific tsunami warning center said there was no threat of a tsunami , because the quake was too deep .
earlier wednesday , in an interview with cnn , murray said plans were under way to establish a memorial for the missing miners at the site after the mine is closed .
most of them would lose that coverage if their company goes out of business .
the government has decided to officially request that the u . s . government extend the time period in which it would reduce usfk by , men by at least a year , according to the chosun ilbo .
it is hard for you to motivate team member wilson because you have no authority to promote or fire him .
but chinese officials hold firm in their stance that the dalai lama masterminded the violence to undermine the beijing olympics and that he has demanded tibetan independence .
overall , the national relationship is strong .
barks dale s most valuable asset is his self effacing , jimmy stewart style affability .
korea s consumer confidence fell in october for the fifth time in six months , the latest sign that domestic demand will continue to be a big drag on asia s third largest economy .
this year the us is giving afghanistan billion , targeted at building up the country s own security forces .
as i begin , i thank president clinton for his service to our nation .
more than foreclosed homes starting at were on the block .
the boys mother , courtney fontaine , offered clooney the lemonade for free .
but the afghan government ruled out release of taliban prisoners tuesday .
it started in the morning with a trip to nasa s goddard space flight center in suburban maryland , where she heard three astronauts aboard the international space station describe their work .
they also paid tribute to hundreds of pakistani soldiers killed in operations against suspected al qaeda and taliban hideouts in the remote tribal region near the border .
rallies are due to be held in london , paris , berlin , dublin , vienna , sydney , washington , toronto , new york , brasilia , bangkok and cape town .
the couple s house was destroyed in the quake , which killed at least people .
one stop on the tour is the amsterdam palace at ocean drive and th street .
had a surface area of acres about the size of soccer fields .
at a later press conference , patrick fitzgerald , the lead u . s . attorney prosecuting the case , suggested that to years could represent a conservative estimate of the guidelines range , but added that a judge will decide what the sentence is based upon on all the appropriate factors .
author jk rowling was not giving away any plot secrets for the final potter installment , harry potter and the deathly hallows , released on july .
polish prime minister designate donald tusk said his future government would seek to end the nation s military mission in iraq next year , according to an interview published wednesday .
wind , rain and reports of thunderstorms within miles of the shuttle landing facility at florida s kennedy space center prompted nasa to cancel the landing attempts there .
parents who do not have the heart to go through the ritual have them buried on the bank .
they held out little hope for the still missing by late wednesday afternoon .
kim hee ju , a former official of the uri party s jongno district branch , was arrested yesterday on charges of providing a list of names to be used for the unauthorized registrations to the united new democratic party s primary .
but indigenous affairs minister jenny macklin says money will instead be put into health and education schemes .
uses gyroscopic sensors to control the cursor movement as you move your wrist , arm , whatever through the air .
there s no reason for folks not to make up their mind by the end of june as opposed to the end of august . and that would give us an extra two months to heal the party and to avoid having a really divisive convention , he said .
supporters of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , whose mehdi army militia has borne the brunt of the fighting , say they have been unfairly singled out by the crackdown .
cuba , syria , sudan and iran remain on the list .
a , said through her attorney that she was delighted and relieved at the decision .
the bollywood actor sanjay dutt returned to prison monday , two months after he was released on bail , to resume serving a six year sentence for illegal weapons possession in a case linked to a bombing that killed people .
sony s ps sales of million units is an extraordinary number that our home game console business has not achieved , iwata said . but if we can make our bid to expand the gaming population a continued success , we could exceed that , he told reuters . nintendo s strategy to entice new players into the video game market has so far proved a smashing success
borg , who is still expected to attend the event as a spectator , was replaced by former wimbledon champion richard krajicek in the tournament , which is backed by liverpool city council and held in calderstones park .
what is really fascinating is that you can take a
stocks opened down more than points on the dow this morning , on a couple of grim economic reports
but then it started looking gushy , and reagan knew it was time to see a doctor .
earlier , prime minister vojislav kostunica delivered an impassioned speech condemning the territory s secession .
distraught mourners wept openly in the streets and people flocked to her home , kensington palace , leaving behind a carpet of flowers .
chabon s new book , the yiddish policeman s union harpercollins , combines landsman s hard boiled detective s terrain with the landscape of alternate history , one in which world events take a startling turn .
hwang woo suk s stem cell research .
scientists said the lost data wasn t crucial .
an intruder just threw her out of the car russian police stated , she grabbed the door handle , but when the car picked up speed , she let go .
dutch prime minister jan beter balkanende has said his government worried that geert wilders film could provoke a violent backlash .
aaa gasoline this morning
as mitag bore down on the philippines , president gloria macapagal arroyo ordered mass evacuations , the government reported .
anyone who s met padma knows she s as intelligent as they come , he told the times of london in a interview . but , you know , it s not supposed to be permitted to be gorgeous and really smart and also very nice .
dallaglio had previously retired in but returned to the international fold two years later .
the home landed on a twisting road leading to chattanooga s signal mountain in just after television executives grounded the run of the original star trek series .
the recurrence was found during a routine scan , which flagged small lymph nodes in specter s chest and abdomen , the statement said .
police in eastern indian have detained the trainer of a five year old boy who gained fame for his marathon runs , a senior police official said .
this comes as quite a shock to men who are expecting this wonderful time of baby bliss with the new baby and a time of bonding , said will courtenay , a san francisco , california based psychotherapist and founder of saddaddy . com , who is a leading expert in the united states on paternal postnatal depression .
the united states has accused communist north korea of helping syria build a nuclear reactor that was not intended for peaceful purposes .
the resolution calls on japan one of the strongest us allies in asia to formally acknowledge , apologise and accept historical responsibility in a clear and unequivocal manner for the suffering of the women .
however , the un estimates about million people will join the world s workforce by .
the associated press however says that the taliban has been authorized to reduce the number of prisoners they want freed in exchange for the korean hostages still being held in afghanistan , citing taliban spokesman yousuf ahmadi .
people , many of them children , are said to be dead in the collapse of a school in a town outside port au prince , haiti .
it completely changed the culture of the company .
john demjanjuk is in custody in germany after being deported from the us .
baghdad , iraq cnn the united states told iran on monday its support for militias fighting in iraq needs to cease , said ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq .
speaker kim , however , said that no organized move has been observed in parliament to draft a bill , requesting washington to summon the highest ranking u . s . official ever assigned to the post in seoul .
mcclellan characterized saddam s regime as brutal .
london is a hub for film , especially in the short film category . and i could not have done it without the cwff who were willing to accept something completely different .
lawmaker walid eido , his son , khalid , and two of his bodyguards were killed , lebanese media reports said .
even if teens have not actually engaged in risky behaviors but merely brag about them online , this can still affect their future behavior , said study co author dr . dimitri christakis , professor of pediatrics at the university of washington and director of the center for child health , behavior and development at seattle children s hospital .
the fire destroyed two coaches on the samjhauta express , one of the most visible symbols of the india pakistan peace process , about an hour after the train left new delhi .
we ask , we inform our daily visitors and other visitors that one of the monkeys sic is particularly open for human contact , zoo spokeswoman ilse segers told ap television news . he was raised by humans in a family and therefore we are trying to integrate him , to try to get more social integration with the group .
there were demonstrations following the murder of the union leader .
it is incumbent on all of us to recognize that this must be a key part of national domestic security .
the only gift he ever accepted was a little cocker spaniel dog that his daughter named checkers , nixon said .
while some of the rumors panned out the new handset will offer full gps other rumors , like the addition of a gb model , fizzled .
keith ellison , d minnesota , in her delegation .
we regret the death of innocent afghan citizens as a result of the taliban extremists cowardly act , said lt . col . david accetta .
once the girl was found , the sheriff asked the news organizations to stop displaying her picture .
israel has transferred more than million to the government of palestinian prime minister salam fayyad , a spokesman in the israeli prime minister s office said monday .
the survey showed that the average price at gas stations around the nation was just a fraction of a cent under a gallon , said survey publisher trilby lundberg .
the withdrawal of edwards , who campaigned as the champion of low and middle income families , left former first lady hillary clinton facing illinois sen .
we consider this a common threat , not just to the interests of turkey but to the interests of the united states as well , she said at a joint news conference with babacan .
he would not say what he plans to do after leaving .
the lights were dimmed or doused for an hour last night ?
indiana jones doesn t give up his secrets lightly , and neither does the man pulling his strings .
pedal up the silverado trail to the miner family villa , climb the steps , look west over your shoulder , and a world class view is yours too .
as the trial resumes in a lawsuit filed against the year old entertainer his erratic behavior has once again eclipsed his musical talent .
my friends and family and co workers were really encouraging with my training , but obviously with the expense and time of getting to new york , they couldn t be there , said valco .
the jury prize went to at five in the afternoon , by year old directing prodigy samira makhmalbaf of iran .
rescue work is quite difficult since the shaft is still filled with smoke , zhao tiechui , director of the state administration for coal mine safety supervision , was quoted as saying by xinhua news agency .
of the , tourists in quintana roo , about , had been evacuated as of monday evening , said rosario ortiz yeladaque , the state s secretary of government .
us claims the bombs were smuggled from iran cannot be independently verified .
we are not opening the rafah crossing just for everybody to cross we re opening it because it s a very dire humanitarian situation , said spokesman hassam zaki .
authorities found madeleine s blood in a car the family rented days after reporting her disappearance in may , a family spokesman said .
the epithelium converts other stem cells into t cells .
graham nathan , spokesman for the british olympics association boa , told cnn that british athletes will have to sign a contract promising not to comment on any politically sensitive issues .
his office assured iraqis there was no need to worry about his health .
we ve got a lot of way to go , bush admitted .
after more than four decades standing out from other magazines , finishing editor will dana says , it was time for a change .
rumsfeld also expressed appreciation of the national assembly s passage of the yongsan garrison relocation agreement .
police chased the men but failed to catch them , he said .
the controversy surrounding donald trump s plans to build a golf resort in scotland continues to grow , as reports emerged this week suggesting the building of homes on the site could be postponed .
serena williams recovered from a sluggish start to beat bulgaria s tsvetana pironkova .
state department spokesman richard boucher has emerged as one of the candidates to replace christopher hill as u . s . ambassador to seoul .
twelve turkish soldiers were killed in the ambush .
in august , two men hijacked an istanbul bound atlasjet airlines flight with passengers and crew on board from cyprus , claiming to have a bomb on board the flight .
after seeing this ship i have come to hate the united states , said chong il chul , a pyongyang worker with curly hair and a stern look who was among a group touring the ship .
the missile would modernize russia s stockpile at a time of rising tensions with the west .
former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries .
both of them were arrested .
we see runways , buildings and what looks like large trenches .
the hilly port city of chittagong was hardest hit by the heavy rains , officials said .
he said the airline had to suspend its operations tuesday morning because one of its main investors pulled out , causing the airliner financial problems .
like single mode hybrid systems now used by toyota motor corp . , ford motor co . and others , the two mode runs without the gas engine at low speeds .
ten bodies in all have been found , seven people are missing from thursday s crash , one person survived .
iran is a main threat to the world and israel , barak said . the entire world and the state of israel should prepare to deal with this threat and thwart it .
but here in the increasingly populous pocono mountains , complaints about nuisance bears are rising especially among recent arrivals from new york , new jersey and philadelphia , who tend to have little experience with the animals .
lt . alex padilla said the mother of lohan s personal assistant called police early tuesday and said she was trying to drive to the santa monica , california , police department because someone was chasing her .
too often natural resources are destroyed and human ones exploited through irresponsible social behavior .
lindh also said that other convicted terrorists have already been freed , and he hopes that george bush will grant his son mercy this christmas season .
the probe wrapped up tuesday , and chang wen cheng , spokesman for the taipei high prosecutors office , announced on television that ma was being charged .
it looks like mccain has convinced growing numbers of americans that his policies would be different than bush .
no one knows if the cause was climate change , hungry neanderthals or something else but they left behind remains , often frozen in the tundra .
analysts said that icahn might have sold all of his shares already .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld is in south korea to discuss the future of the two sides military alliance .
israeli aircraft responded by targeting two rocket launching sites in northern gaza , according to the israel defense forces .
however , u . n . peacekeeping spokesman michel bonnardeaux , citing police reports , said people were killed and two aboard the plane survived a mechanic and a flight attendant who was in critical condition , the associated press reported .
the government should ban big dinners during the epidemic periods , he said .
the mass graves that we saw are something the people are living with , he said . in some places , they have the full names of those who were buried .
the trevi featured in the classic film la dolce vita in which screen diva anita ekberg went for a dip in the fountain wearing a skimpy black dress .
because the ostracon is similar to that found in other israelite settlements , and because no pig bones were found at the site , archaeologists say the site was likely part of the kingdom of judea .
havana , cuba cnn fidel castro s nearly five decades of rule ended sunday when cuba s national assembly chose his younger brother raul to be the country s new president .
the palm tree , which grows to feet in height and has about foot leaves , is only found in an extremely remote region in the northwest of the country , some four days by road from the capital .
petersburg , russia , where they celebrated ratification of a major nuclear arms agreement and proclaimed their close friendship .
the smallest grave is believed to hold people , while the largest has as many as bodies , said verdier .
zhu , , who is set to retire after the congress , made that focus explicit in his minute address .
sarkozy emphasized the need to bring asian states into the discussions .
these included four timers to activate bombs , interior minister alfredo perez rubalcaba said saturday .
there is no effective antiviral treatment for severe ev infections and no vaccine is available .
christians have been in gaza for , years , since the time of christ , and yet this is their greatest hour .
for the near term , traders said , uncertainty is likely to weigh on japan s financial markets , compounding ongoing concerns over the u . s . credit crisis .
mugabe plans to transfer control of all companies , including foreign banks and some mining operations , to locals under the black empowerment bill would further damage an economy already hit by his other controversial policies , they say .
the sailors were aboard two south korean owned vessels with a crew of various nationalities when they were seized may off somalia .
the son responded by saying his mother did not give him a big enough weekly allowance and did not know how to cook .
the four person international atomic energy agency iaea team is hoping to spend most of thursday and friday at the yongbyon site .
hassan el haski will serve years for leadership in a terrorist group , and rafa zouhier will serve years for transporting explosives .
but who drew the pictures ? only klages father could know .
last week , nasa managers determined that the crew would not have to repair heat shield tiles that were damaged seconds after the august liftoff , when a piece of insulating foam fell off the external fuel tank ,
cbs fired three news executives and a producer for airing it .
there were no reports of filming at the time of the fire .
i have found the president to be an easy man to talk to .
i needed to go myself . . . to confirm in my own mind , whether they were there , gursky doyen told cnn on wednesday , after recently returning from indonesia .
we just don t comment on eddie murphy s personal life , he said .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon spent the weekend in myanmar and guided a conference of donor nations on sunday .
severe flooding has hit about half of china since the start of the summer , killing hundreds in what has become the deadliest rainy season in years .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id the new spokesman for kate and gerry mccann has insisted that the parents of missing madeleine are innocent victims of a heinous crime .
earlier , israel launched overnight airstrikes in gaza city , jabalya and rafa , targeting positions used by hamas militants , the idf said .
u . s . president george w . bush also telephoned to offer his congratulations and said he expected good relations with sarkozy , who has made a priority of repairing the damage to french u . s . relations caused by tension over the iraq war .
an iraqi was killed and people were wounded in two roadside bombings on monday in eastern baghdad
the national science foundation has been cutting its timetable for the release of nanotech fueled products from five or years to two or three years , said mihail roco , nsf s senior adviser on nanotechnology .
our goal has been , and continues to be , to provide the best customer experience possible , jess blackburn , a spokesman for the company , told cnn in a written statement .
radcliffe will celebrate his th birthday two days later .
the driver of the truck was not hurt .
in today s world , sex doesn t just sell .
the apollo astronauts became the first humans to orbit the moon .
the second time , slated for november , was delayed after the former maoist rebels pulled out of the government demanding that nepal be declared a republic and the electoral system be changed to one of full proportional representation .
three other marines were charged in the killings . staff sgt . frank wuterich , sgt . sanick dela cruz and lance cpl . stephen tatum were charged with premeditated murder in the civilian deaths .
he s falling off in areas like ability , confidence and intelligence , while barack obama is more trusted on the economy .
even in japan , gps compass phones are still relatively rare .
mothers , who are traditionally a major consumer force in korea , have lately become more frugal , said lim eun kyung , team leader of a consumer group at the seoul ymca .
a report released by the information ministry said government and large private web sites will be required , beginning in july , to include ways to track all posters on those sites by their national identity number .
the north side has brought up the issue of humanitarian aid , a south korean official told reporters in pyongyang , where talks between the two koreas stretched into a third day .
wall street closed down again wednesday as shares continue to fall sharply across europe and asia and the white house released more details of a global crisis summit intended to solve the crisis .
to find out what makes them turn out dramatically different , she and colleague richard schneider picked two birds with unmistakable beaks ducks and quails and tried to get them to grow each other s .
the forced use of so called comfort women was one of the most serious crimes committed by the japanese imperialists in world war two , li zhaoxing told a news conference on the sidelines of china s annual meeting of parliament .
but twenge viewed even this phenomenon skeptically , noting that many high schools require community service and many youths feel pressure to list such endeavors on college applications .
he added , i suppose i think deep down inside it would be quite nice to have a bath . . . but , no , i d like to still be out there with the guys . . . i would love to go back out . i want to go out very very soon .
pretty heavy snow , especially considering it s late march .
hours before the result was announced a bomb killed in the kurdish north .
pulitzer prize winning author and community activist studs turkel , has died .
schweitzer , in another study appearing in this week s issue of science , found that extracts of t . rex bone reacted with antibodies to chicken collagen , further suggesting the presence of birdlike protein in dinosaur bones .
the u . s . is joining japan , china , india , australia and south korea at the meeting , along with more than major resource and power companies .
though he avoided discussing his administration s purportedly waning support for bush s iraq policy , he did express at least some solidarity with the united states . watch brown speak of duties to discharge in iraq raquo
the business weekly allegedly polled the top companies and venture startups .
in the nearby city of tal afar , three people died and nearly three dozen were wounded when a suicide attacker blew himself up at an iraqi soldier s funeral , the u . s . military reported .
once you get the vaccine which was introduced in , the cdc says you should delay trying to conceive for at least one month , due to the small risk that the fetus can get the virus from the vaccine .
but deflation and declining consumer demand continue to plague the world s second largest economy .
with a simple oath , we affirm old traditions and make new beginnings .
the land of their ancestors !
the u . s . south korean military exercises , scheduled to run through friday , involve computer simulated war games and field drills .
there is also hope for reconstructing the genome of the mammoth and cave bear , according to a research team led by svante paabo of the max planck institute for evolutionary anthropology in leipzig , germany .
chong wa dae said in a firm but cool headed tone that it would never tolerate a nuclear armed north korea , which trampled on the hopes of the international community to keep the korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons .
community leaders across the country are wondering who s going to help with the chicken supper , who s going to sponsor the memorial day parade , now that more than , general motors dealers are learning they re losing their franchises
lone star is the largest shareholder in korea exchange bank .
seoul , south korea cnn president lee myung bak plans to shake up his cabinet this week after massive protests , triggered by a deal his government reached to resume u . s . beef imports , the state news agency reported monday .
the ministry of health and welfare has proposed to stiffen existing regulations on indoor smoking , and wants to ban the practice in most commercial and public buildings in the country .
authorities have said the new charter would lead to a general election in and replace one scrapped when the current junta took power in .
the race to the moon won t be easy or cheap .
the government nominee for the other deputy post , takatoshi ito , , professor at the university of tokyo , was voted down along with muto .
gorbachev said that russian democracy is growing despite its problems .
the new model will sell for and is aimed at gamers who expect to download a lot of games and other content from sony s burgeoning online network .
but everyone knows about this place , she said .
foods naturally rich in vitamin d are scarce .
the prosecution and presidential task force for the trial system reform reached an agreement on measures to modify the criminal investigation processes that were proposed by the team by considerably accepting the prosecutors claims over their investigative power .
a canadian official said authorities there arrested canadians and rescued seven canadian children as part of the probe since late .
the awards will be handed out wednesday night in nashville and broadcast live by abc .
the railways have been out of use since the korean war .
he said the fbi is offering a , reward to anyone providing information leading to laurean s capture .
how do you cope with sexual desire among healthy young men and women during a mission years long ?
the head of england s football association believes that the global credit crisis could force one of the country s top teams into bankruptcy .
participants in all of the groups kept daily activity logs and completed questionnaires designed to keep them on track with their exercise regimens .
initial reports suggest the crash was an accident and enemy fire was not involved , british defense secretary des browne said .
two of the five are members of the left leaning minor opposition democratic labor party dlp .
this prize fills me with joy and pride , italy s ansa news agency had quoted pavarotti as saying .
the white house said the bill unfairly takes aim at the oil industry . president bush is expected to veto the legislation if it passes congress .
current president jiang zemin along with other party and government officials will be portrayed in the movie , which also features more than borrowed red flag limousines , according to local media .
despite increasing calls from the international community to release election results , zimbabwe has yet to provide any data on the presidential race three days after voters went to the polls .
his name is on the little girl s birth certificate .
joya , a women s rights campaigner from farah province , rose to prominence in when she branded powerful afghan warlords as criminals during the loya jirga .
a senior russian government official said yesterday that the united states has rejected a request for political asylum from a north korean man who sought refuge at the u . s . consulate in vladivostok .
peace protesters also staged rallies in predominantly muslim bangladesh and pakistan .
minister of foreign affairs and trade yu myung hwan said these issues were old ones that have long been discussed but unresolved , dismissing claims that washington is pressing seoul hard to get what it wants in the name of a greater bilateral partnership .
the share sale cut carl icahn s stake in kt g to less than percent from . percent , or . million shares .
the jury began deliberating september after hearing testimony and arguments since april .
the bank said that local customers demand for yuan recently expanded , because of the expectation that china will let its currency appreciate sooner or later under pressure from the united states .
north korea was the second most threatening country at . percent , followed by the united states at . percent and china at . percent .
a two day strike at a vietnamese factory that makes nike sneakers has ended , but the plant remained closed after workers returned and violence erupted , a union official said .
the council , funded and supported by iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki , was formed last year .
jackson says mac , who died in early august at the age of , brought a special kind of humor to his performance .
officials are continuing their negotiations with a delegation from the militant group to free the remaining hostages .
a major donors conference to raise funds for the palestinians has gone beyond expectations , with donors pledging . billion to help build a palestinian state , organizers said monday .
pandas are threatened by loss of habitat , poaching and a low reproduction rate .
world renowned epidemiologist dr . nathan wolfe is following the hunters .
the company has also asked six other japanese power companies to sell it emergency electricity until the end of september .
in missouri , where , utility customers lost power , the governor declared a state of emergency .
premier league leaders chelsea suffered a humiliating defeat to as roma who revived their champions league qualifying hopes with the emphatic victory in the stadio olimpico on tuesday night .
a tax increase was followed by an percent reduction , according to the study published in the american journal of public health . increasing alcohol taxes saves lives
only his agent michael johnson and butch reynolds have run faster while watts clocked the same time at the barcelona olympics .
that followed a . gain in regular trading .
rounding out the top
the year old ex film star was found to have embezzled million dollars m before being forced from office in .
the joong ang ilbo reports south korea has continued to send rice aid to north korea even though it knew the provisions were being diverted to the communist country s military , a senior official in seoul confirmed yesterday .
washington ap president george w . bush and newly elected south korean president roh moo hyun agreed on may that the korean peninsula should be nuclear weapons free and that the current standoff with north korea should be achieved through peaceful means .
complete results were due monday .
the ceiling lighting is by designer herve descottes , who lit up the mona lisa in the louvre , and it s crisscrossed by glowing lines that mimic the traffic patterns of paris .
the men were stopped by a traffic officer in the weeks prior to their arrest last tuesday .
employees of the sydney morning herald and a television crew from network were sitting in the back of the plane , and reported seeing a number of fatalities , the sources said .
yeah , yeah , we ve confirmed that already , jolie said . well , jack s just confirmed it actually .
shortly after taking the oath of office , obama will climb into the mother of all hybrids part car , part truck and , from the looks of it , part tank .
though japan s intelligence gathering satellites are not under military control , japan s ruling party proposed late last year that the military be allowed to use the country s space program . the proposal still needs to be approved by parliament .
two women who were with a group of rowdy people then began to verbally assault adler s companions with anti semitic language , hellerstein
variety says the curious case of benjamin button , opens with an estimated . million , well above ali s earlier mark of . million .
benazir bhutto s year old son bilawal has been chosen to take over her pakistan people s party , after her assassination on thursday .
microsoft korea has charged that hana bank illegally copied its most popular software programs and installed them on thousands of its office computers without paying for them .
but when these year olds spoke , it became apparent just how much the ongoing violence has affected them .
the fighting in gaza has helped push oil prices back about a barrel .
mccain has met with both senate minority leader mitch mcconnell and top house republican john boehner .
explaining his reasons for voting against the bill , gop sen . jeff sessions , a leading critic of the measure , said it would not work .
rove said the first thing he plans to do after leaving the white house is go dove hunting in west texas with family and friends , then drive my wife and the dogs to the beach .
he gave us a feeling about ourselves that perhaps pre june we did not have .
the contract s signing will likely be timed with the visit of . . . chavez to moscow , which is expected in may , the official was quoted as saying by interfax .
he gives you a tax credit with one hand , but he raises your taxes with the other .
the ppp has said it is ready to form a government with its coalition partners , including its once rival , pml n .
thai police said the three boys who are expected to be key witnesses against neil in any trial in their country were between the ages of seven and at the time of their abuse .
mrs clinton s team denied the accusation .
the korea times reports the tough measure comes amid controversy over the leakage of some confidential information , including a military secret on north korea s missile threats , by opposition lawmakers during the assembly inspection of the government .
allam in london and barbary five hours away in cornwall .
our main goal is to get this resolved so we can immediately turn the focus of the entire party on winning florida and michigan and delivering on the needs of the people in florida and michigan states that are enormously important , states where a lot of people are struggling .
the fire began at the nightclub santika about a . m . , thai police said .
los angeles , california cnn stop that million check it turns out the call girl linked to eliot spitzer had already shed her clothes for girls gone wild as an year old while partying in miami , florida , the video company s founder said tuesday .
the fighting also included a palestinian rocket attack on the southern israeli town of sderot that damaged a home there .
the korea times reports the nomination race of the liberal party started monday with all nine candidates promoting themselves as the right choice to beat lee myung bak , the presidential candidate of the opposition grand national party gnp .
state senate republican leader dave cogdill blamed the democrats for the stymie , saying tuesday , governments across the nation are grappling with deficits but only democrats in the california state legislature are pushing to raise taxes instead of helping the economy get back on its feet .
the united states is sending the money directly to abbas to bypass the portion of the government controlled by the militant group hamas , which the u . s . considers a terrorist group .
more than , people , mainly students from the mosque s two islamic schools , have already fled the compound , but officials don t know how many remain .
these recent discoveries add to our knowledge of sacsayhuaman , confirming again the aggregate nature of the fortress , lumbreras told the associated press .
south korean envoy chun yung woo said the sticking points touch on vital interests of many of the parties .
gates expected to stay on as obama s defense secretary
she inspired people , she still does , and uh , look , i couldn t be happier with sarah palin and she s going back to be a great governor , and i think she will play a big role in the future of this country .
bush called on the junta to release political prisoners and negotiate with the democratic opposition , threatening to increase u . s . pressure if that does not occur .
they took the olympic flame and the runners with their torches to various locations .
also sunday , another chinese official told xinhua that a china southern airlines plane was forced to land because some people were attempting to create an air disaster .
earlier thursday , germany s federal statistical office said that economic output contracted by . percent in the july september period compared with the previous quarter .
no mandatory target was set for the cuts , but mrs merkel s preference for a emissions cut by the year was included in the agreed statement .
duncan hunter , a california republican , to let the commerce department levy duties on chinese goods to offset the subsidy effect of china s exchange rate policies .
the president credited anbar citizens who rejected the dark vision of al qaeda and organized themselves and they took on the terrorists .
this hour , eric holder is on track to become the first african american attorney general .
but many awards watchers feel this is scorsese s year , labeling him the front runner for the february oscars .
they rated only . out of full scores in a question over whether they think the nation s tax burden is lower than other countries .
and it s not just usb flash drives that can be used ipods and cheap portable hard drives work just as well as long as they can plug into a usb port .
britain s most famous scientist , stephen hawking , condemned the u . s . led invasion of iraq as a war crime and said tuesday it was based on lies .
president roh left the south korean capital , seoul , in a motorcade along with business leaders , bureaucrats , poets and clerics .
a d movie ride takes audiences on a journey to find the secret recipe of one of the world s most popular drinks .
the top u . s . nuclear negotiator will visit north korea dec .
onions
insulza and composed of four ambassadors designated by him , to visit both countries to investigate the matter , and to propose formulas for bringing the two nations closer together .
the women pay for a man to lavish them with undivided attention .
pojamarn shinawatra appeared before the supreme court and was released on million baht about , bail and ordered not to leave the country .
taliban insurgents in afghanistan freed the two women and took them to the red cross .
hsbc holdings submitted an application to financial regulators for approval of its bid to take over a majority stake in korea exchange bank keb , the country s sixth largest lender , regulators said thursday .
the offer gives the market renewed confidence , indicating that after further assessment , the situation at bear stearns may not be as bad as initially thought , said jamie spiteri , head of trading at shaw stockbroking in sydney .
a new hbo documentary follows haggard after a gay sex scandal forced him to resign as president of the national association of evangelicals .
but few in south korea know the names or whereabouts of relatives of the yi dynasty s last king .
university of maryland economist peter morici
at least people have been killed and about , have fled their homes since president mwai kibaki won a narrow victory , according to kenyan government officials .
but the gnp is to appeal to the prosecution to investigate roh for his challenge of the election law . it said monday s ruling was not satisfactory .
they need to know that the minute they hit that send button , they not only lose control over where these photos go next , in some cases they lose control over their own future .
virtual voters follow election in cyberspace
my whole day is planned around this , she says .
zimbabwean opposition leader morgan tsvangirai has urged the united nations and african union to intervene in the crisis over his country s elections .
millions of the stolen money , along with hoods , guns , and body armor believed to have been used in the heist .
north korean was murdered by skinhead in vladivostok , russia .
we are confident that the day that this hits the field , that lives will be saved , naughton said .
cnn the dalai lama on sunday called for an international probe of china s treatment of tibet , which he said is causing cultural genocide of his people .
the babel provincial police chief was traveling outside hilla , south of baghdad , when an explosion struck his convoy , officials said .
santorini welcomes hundreds of thousands of tourists each year and is one of the country s most spectacular and upscale tourist destinations .
harry served for about weeks in helmand province earlier this year before details of his deployment were reported around the world , having intended to complete a four month detachment .
a new tool that allows doctors to use laser surgery in complex operations has been hailed as a breakthrough in minimally invasive laser technology .
in , he set fire to changgyeong palace to highlight his frustration , but was arrested , tried and fined million won and given a suspended month prison sentence .
our hope a year ago was to establish very basic inroads down here , kershaw said . we thought the insurgency was far too deep for us to be able to effectively root it out and develop the relationship with the locals .
president george w . bush has committed almost , additional troops mostly to baghdad , the center of violence between minority sunnis and majority shiites , for a major u . s . iraqi offensive aimed at halting a descent into all out civil war .
cochran said the boy confessed to authorities that he was home alone friday baby sitting a year old girl and the month old girl and became angry when the toddler began to cry .
last summer , a heat wave killed at least people in the midwest and east . california officially reported a death toll of , but authorities last month acknowledged the number may have been far higher .
lindy kaiser s job is monitoring it , and to the army s blog , with the goal of reaching and hearing from the public
liverpool , england a severe dog bite has forced bjorn borg to pull out of his first grass court match in years .
griffin died of prostate cancer , according to a statement from his family that was released by marcia newberger , spokeswoman for the griffin group merv griffin entertainment .
the internet of the future will be suffused with software , information , data archives , and populated with devices , appliances , and people who are interacting with and through this rich fabric .
we re likely to gain following the lead of u . s . markets , although advances are likely to come in spurts given that there s still not enough confidence global markets have initiated a sustained recovery , said kim hak kyun , an analyst at korea investment and securities .
the breakout star of bolt and it s not the dog
though cnn is not able to confirm that the voice belongs to bin laden , the arabic language broadcaster has aired other tapes of his and the voice sounded like bin laden s , said cnn arabic affairs senior editor octavia nasr .
mirza stood , smiled modestly and repeatedly touched her forehead in a gesture of thanks to her peers .
they say that just encourages their aggressive pursuit of bananas and sandwiches .
the movie , which had a limited u . s . release last fall and grossed a modest . million , was a surprise winner against a field of nominees that included million hollywood hits ice age and lilo stitch .
the sale was rushed through to beat the opening bells in asia but it didn t stop stocks from plummeting in asia or europe .
president vladimir putin accepted the leadership of the dominant united russia party tuesday , securing his grip on power for when he leaves the kremlin and becomes prime minister next month .
five hundred british troops began withdrawing sunday from their base in the southern iraqi city of basra , the ministry of defense said .
some eu officials had voiced private exasperation at what they saw as the new french leader seeking credit for the release of the medics at the last minute after brussels has spent three years patiently negotiating with tripoli .
i think we ve gained a lot in the last two and half weeks we ve been together and i think friday against brazil gave us the confidence and belief .
alexander , a nevada resident , was arrested on his way to mccarran international airport , a source told cnn .
she had lost her job at denny s , where she worked the graveyard shift .
the parliament could give itself more time , up to a year , in terms of holding the next elections , aziz said . however , at this point , no decision has been made .
kerry , a four term massachusetts senator , was in his hotel across town when convention delegates formally bestowed the prize he won in a series of primaries and caucuses last winter and spring .
mohamed elbaradei said the process of shutting down the yongbyon reactor was a good step in the right direction .
polaroid is a natural fit , and not just because of its photo printing history .
when cooper returned to britain and heard about madeleine s disappearance , she told british police about the man , and her account was given to police in portugal , mitchell told cnn .
entertainment weekly recently ranked her th on a list of the smartest people in hollywood . it s insane , it really is .
teams of us navy and fbi divers have joined the search for victims of last week s bridge collapse in minneapolis , stepping up recovery efforts .
its first documented eruption occurred in the th century .
and we haven t even factored in the weather .
the actions of train operators who allowed the second train to arrive are being investigated , and police said they will also look into suspicions that the subway corporation tried to cover up or destroy evidence of a possibly bungled response .
but just after the signing ceremony in a convention center , the country s most powerful shiite leader , grand ayatollah ali al sistani , said that the interim document makes it harder for the drafting of a permanent one , placing obstacles to arriving at a permanent constitution for the country , and that any further law must be endorsed by an elected national assembly .
he s got a prime time news conference this evening , and he started out today by talking about swine flu and the new democratic senator who could help him get a health care plan through congress .
earlier , authorities searched the san francisco zoo four times and are certain that there are no more victims of the tiger , which escaped from her pen .
he s a young man , mr . bush .
the lawyers sniped at the opposing parties , and at each other .
the roadmap was recently reported to president elect lee myung bak s transition team , they said .
the incident rekindled memories of the murder suicide behind the vatican walls , in which a year old swiss guard allegedly killed his commander .
bad news for lee myoung bak .
john , the president elect will begin his inaugural celebration on january th , traveling by train to the nation s capital .
crowds gathered in the devastated city of chengdu shouted farewell , friends ! and rebuild !
the berlin daily b . z . quoted knut s keeper , thomas doerflein , as saying that knut likes to nibble in between meals .
samsung is the third firm to plead guilty to price fixing in the case .
manchester united have been drawn at home to arsenal in monday s draw for the fifth round of the fa cup .
this should be as easy to use as a bicycle , ashihara said at honda s tokyo headquarters . it reduces stress , and you should feel less tired .
the conference is different from the kyoto protocol because it will not include binding greenhouse gas reduction targets , which the u . s rejects .
in a special statement at chong wa dae , he stressed south korea would undertake all possible measures to protect dokdo , the country s easternmost islets , whatever the costs and sacrifices may be because it is a matter of no compromise or surrender .
this kind of thing doesn t happen every day , said year old arthur du mosch , a nature guide . i don t know why i did it .
he called on the president to negotiate on power sharing and to set a date for new elections .
police escorted khieu samphan from a phnom penh hospital , where he had been admitted wednesday .
evolution provided slight differences from men in women s lower backs and hip joints , allowing them to adjust their center of gravity , new research shows .
cnn rescuers have found at least survivors and at least dead from a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , the philippine information agency said monday .
the fair trade commission ftc on thursday told online shopping malls , including all the big names , to stop taking advantage of customers ignorance of consumer protection law .
the rotund , chain smoking yang promised the square mile square kilometer area would be totally capitalist .
the nearby piccadilly circus underground train station was open , but exit restrictions were in place , the police said .
under the move , foreign investors will be subject to securities trade law regardless of whether they trade local stocks here or abroad .
exxon mobil s third quarter earnings of more than billion shattered its own record for the biggest profit from operations by a u . s . corporation .
korean blockbuster movie d war was the second hot topic for .
we got the story live from the white house , with ap correspondent mark smith ,
more than million people have been affected by the weather and economic losses are expected to reach as much as billion , chinese officials say .
in a parliamentary vote on friday , gul fell short of the two thirds majority necessary to be elected after opposition lawmakers boycotted the process and called on turkey s constitional court to render it void .
they joined the vwp in november , .
the government office was a big mess , a villager , who witnessed the scene , said by telephone .
sure , he got briefings during the campaign , but we re told today s will cover the full range of what u . s . spies are up to , including covert operations , which presumably takes in the hunt for osama bin laden and other deep dark secrets .
lt . col . valerie claire bermond said the two crossing points were closed while kfor rebuilt the installations destroyed in the attacks .
the new display combines two technologies
embassy in korea declined to comment on the survey .
in december s parliamentary elections , allies of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and paved the way for his return .
bartz ran software company autodesk for years , most recently serving as executive chairwoman .
it s entirely unpleasant , kiriakou said . you are so full of tension that you tense up , your muscles tighten up . it s very uncomfortable .
the prosecution filed warrant applications late yesterday to detain shin jeong ah , the former art professor accused of forging her academic credentials , and byeon yang kyoon , the former presidential aide suspected of having an affair with shin .
saddam hussein told do not blame no one else .
eta , which the united states and european union list as a terrorist group , is blamed for more than killings .
hong kong international airport , singapore s changi and seoul s incheon have topped the ranks of airport awards for the last decade .
the circular house ultramodern when it was built is ringed with small square windows and directional lights and perched on six landing gear legs .
most of the more than one dozen bodies found tuesday were reported by people who discovered relatives in the remains of their shattered houses , said arnold moveni
she s a woman and a mother , and as a mother she brings unique perspectives to that job and we need that voice .
a two headed snake newark human eyeballs floating in liquid for medical purposes o hare airport in chicago and a collection of hermit crabs carried by a family returning from the gulf of mexico san antonio .
north korea is proposing to freeze its main nuclear reactor and allow u . n . monitoring in return for massive energy shipments and normal relations with the united states , according to an american nuclear expert who visited pyongyang last week .
he and the second youth , patrick wise jr . , , told police they were in the car attempting to leave when rowles fired at them .
in a further sign of the difficulties , losyukov lowered expectations of a breakthrough , saying consensus on how much energy to provide north korea may be unattainable .
a moveon . org political advertisement that criticized the top u . s . commander in iraq was disgusting , president bush said thursday , accusing democrats of being afraid to criticize the anti war group .
total u . s . petroleum consumption is expected to increase by . percent in and percent in , despite the higher oil and petroleum product prices .
the fighting has killed to people in basra , others in baghdad and left scores injured .
zvonareva then broke her opponent in the second game of the second set and again in the opening game of the third and deciding set .
hostage taking and the abuse of foreign guests , especially women , is against islam and afghan culture and the perpetration of this heinous act on our soil is in total contempt of our islamic and afghan values , a spokesman quoted him as saying .
prospective employers stuck waiting for lattes or red lights . some people have called her gimmick really clever
year old charles robert jenkins , the usfk sergeant who defected to north korea in january and lived nearly years in north korea , said he was advised by japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi to leave together with the prime minister to japan when he visited north korea in april , but high ranking north korean foreign ministry officials had pressured him into refusing the previous day .
the bomber struck an outdoor meeting , where tribal leaders listened to the team and the district governor discuss the plans to eradicate poppies used to produce opium .
william , elder son of heir to the throne prince charles , and middleton , both , met when they were students at st . andrews university in scotland . lawyers for middleton have written to newspaper editors urging restraint after a spate of rumors the couple would announce their engagement soon .
rome , italy cnn pope benedict xvi has canceled a planned visit to a prestigious italian university after a protest by academics and students attacked his views on galileo , the vatican confirmed tuesday .
nasa is also squeezing in a disney action figure , buzz lightyear .
the labor department reports new jobless claims jumped to a year high last week , surprising economists like bob bruska by reaching ,
the goal is to disable yongbyon so north korea can t easily make nuclear weapons , according to a transcript of hill s comments to reporters in beijing .
the main rally ended after the arrests , but a few protesters remained on the streets sunday night .
accompanied by her attorney , the year old actress surrendered at the beverly hills police department thursday afternoon to be fingerprinted and photographed , officer brian ballieweg said .
companies that pioneer the night for their industries often find the gains to be prodigious .
the verdict ended the trial of robert willie pickton on the first six of murder charges in the deaths of women , most of them prostitutes and drug addicts from a seedy vancouver neighborhood .
working level officials have narrowed their differences over the schedule and are reportedly close to an agreement on as the target year .
the verdict was a stinging blow for total , france s biggest company by market value .
bali , indonesia cnn negotiations over a new agreement on global warming were expected to go down to the wire as the united states and the european union remained at loggerheads over how to replace the year old kyoto protocol .
cole , who had few first team chances this season under mourinho , sent drogba racing clear with a superb through ball and the ivory coast forward outpaced the defense to slot past keeper timo hildebrand .
martin luther king jr . , the aristocrat who ennobled his own people and even the nation , which tried to strip that royalty from him through constant undeserved abuse and eventual murder .
the package was mailed after two people were killed at a dormitory early monday and before cho entered the university s norris hall and exacted the worst mass shooting by a lone gunman in u . s . history .
the ap s juan mccartney reports that the teenager had a history of seizures .
it gave no further details about results of the talks . the u . s . delegation arrived in seoul earlier thursday , but the americans have not yet commented publicly on the trip .
children s health insurance is set to be a campaign issue in next year s elections , analysts say .
greece four years ago , olympic protesters in athens held a memorial service for workers killed during round the clock construction for the games .
authorities in southern california say they are still trying to figure out the motive in a shooting at a korean religious retreat that left one person dead and four others injured , including the alleged gunman .
and so the film begins not where the series left off four years ago , but in the present .
assistant treasurer chris bowen said public service chiefs have been told that they and their staff must pay for their own back rubs in the new government s clampdown on public sector largesse and waste .
if taxes get too high , people drop out of the work force , and pay less taxes .
at the end of the talks sharif s party announced its participation .
president elect barack obama has chosen former sen . tom daschle to be secretary of health and human services , and the former senate majority leader has indicated he wants the job , three sources close to the transition told cnn wednesday .
hewitt , who has worked with roche in the past in australia s davis cup team , said he hoped the year old would be able to bring out the best in him .
practically every part of the world is showing weakness in terms of international arrivals .
the origin of vaccines
lee pledged to attain an average percent annual economic growth over the next five years during his election campaign .
atmospheric pollution by particles and chemicals , and problems in the disposal of solid wastes are further environmental consequences of growth .
others were from syria , yemen , algeria , morocco and jordan .
that final is regarded as one of the greatest matches ever played with liverpool coming back from a halftime deficit to draw and win the match on penalties , but their coach rafael benitez warned fans not to expect another six goal thriller .
the offices of western oil companies operating in nigeria were closed along with most other businesses , but oil production and exports were uninterrupted , company officials said .
archaeologists have unearthed two skeletons from the neolithic period locked in a tender embrace and buried outside mantua , just miles south of verona , the romantic city where shakespeare set the star crossed tale of romeo and juliet .
well , the dow has mainly been a negative territory all morning .
in the video , cruise puts emphasis on the latter role .
and almost years after graduation
hilton star of reality tv show the simple life on the e ! network has parlayed her party lifestyle into worldwide fame .
i am very sorry to have to withdraw , ochoa said . i need to be with my uncle and my family right now .
de jesus claims of divinity have angered christian leaders , who say he is a fake .
the construction company manager was driving his car when he witnessed an ugly scene
both had spent seven months on the international space station .
it presumes there is one chief guilty party and that is the u . s . , he said .
discovery and its crew are embarking on a two week mission that is considered the most challenging and complex in the nine years of orbital assembly of the international space station .
and there are fresh layoffs to report this morning , people out the door .
she then moved on to a question about water supply .
it s a song inspired by .
it was the year old industrial engineer s third try for the presidency and his first to succeed .
but united , who have only lost five times at home in years in europe , came storming back in the second half before rooney sealed victory with his late winner .
nintendo s wii game can captivate for hours and unlike in the real sport , physical strength and endurance are not limiting factors , bonis of the research group in biomedical informatics in barcelona , spain , wrote .
the violence followed a peaceful rally earlier by at least , people outside the main parliament building .
obama campaign spokesman robert gibbs expressed confidence that obama would clinch the nomination in the coming days .
washington cnn the united states joined the european union on monday in announcing its willingness to resume hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the new palestinian government led by president mahmoud abbas .
the standard yellow cab vehicle , the ford crown victoria , gets miles per gallon kilometers per liter . in contrast , the ford escape taxis get miles per gallon kilometers per liter .
both men are known to be faithful supporters of his controversial policy of engagement with north korea .
the cafe , in baghdad s highly fortified green zone , is for mps and their staff , some of whom were having lunch there .
a clawed fur ball that fits snugly in one hand
a tsunami watch issued by the pacific tsunami warning center after the initial quake remains in effect for at least countries around the indian ocean , including australia , india , sri lanka , malaysia , pakistan , iran , yemen and kenya .
the opera star had surgery for the cancer in july in a new york hospital .
japan was a confident , youthful and ascendant nation , but also one that inspired nervousness , sometimes fear .
roma coach luciano spalletti was forced to play totti at cagliari despite the striker struggling with a right knee injury as midfielders daniele de rossi and simone perrotta and forward mirko vucinic were all serving one match bans .
the textile , steel and petrochemical industries are forecast to see a downturn in the second half of this year , and sluggish demand , the korea chamber of commerce and industry said yesterday .
the bank of england raised interest rates by a quarter percentage point to a six year high of . percent on thursday the fifth increase since last august as risks to inflation are still on the upside .
supari denied the country was preventing research into bird flu , saying that foreign laboratories must first sign an agreement stating they would only use h n samples for research and diagnostic purposes , not commercial ones .
and today the north korean regime is using its nuclear program to incite fear and seek concessions .
seoul ap the robust south korean economy traditionally shrugs off flare ups with rival north korea such as a deadly naval clash last summer .
and then there are other pols , including michigan governor jennifer granholm and massachusetts governor deval patrick .
roberto devorik , a friend of diana , has testified that she thought fellowes hated her .
japanese authorities investigated but decided in november not to file charges .
sudan s president omar al bashir on monday morning will meet with two british lawmakers to discuss a possible pardon for a british teacher convicted of insulting religion , presidential palace sources told time magazine s sam dealey on sunday .
he had us wait while he gave a citation to another , another driver , and then he came back .
the golden mori radioed for help sunday night .
microsoft trails google in the online search and advertising markets , and the bid for yahoo was an attempt at turning that around .
rodriguez gerada , , is a cuban born american who grew up in north plainfield , new jersey , near new york , and now lives in barcelona .
when vacationers want to get away from their daily grind , they like to be pampered in full amenity hotels and resorts .
gallas said by telephone that the priest wanted to break a hour record for the most hours flying with balloons to raise money for a spiritual rest stop
since , the virus has been detected in states and the district of columbia
bush said the missile defense plan was meant to block possible attacks from iran and other nations , but putin said the systems would be on russia s doorstep and could be converted into offensive weapons .
imagine driving from maine to maryland virtually nonstop , breezing through hundreds of miles of turnpikes and bridges , never stopping at a tollbooth .
democrat hillary clinton , who needs big wins in texas and ohio next tuesday to salvage her struggling candidacy , declared herself optimistic about her chances following her final debate with obama , on tuesday night in cleveland .
as iraqi security forces worked to restore peace in baghdad s sadr city , american soldiers killed well armed militants in a nearby neighborhood of the capital , the u . s . military said .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice promised full assistance to the palestinian authority and emergency humanitarian aid to gaza via the un .
the children had been missing since porter picked them up at their mother s house for a weekend visit in the summer of .
ji is believed to be responsible for major terror attacks in indonesia , including the october bali bombing , which killed people , most of whom were foreigners .
local television carried pictures of police dispersing and rounding up demonstrators .
the farc released clara rojas and consuelo gonzalez on friday after holding them for six and years , respectively .
chrysler shuts down all production
after tornadoes raked central north carolina early this morning .
the international committee of the red cross said on monday that one of its employees was killed in western darfur last week during fighting .
police identified the year old suspect only by his surname , yang .
william and harry are both second lieutenants in the british army , earning salaries of about pound , , a year .
so the northrop grumman foundation is sending teachers on the ride of their lives
but , the fans would argue , it s worth it to get a rise out of a player .
but musharraf , influenced in part by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , held off on the move .
earlier this week sharif was disqualified from participating in pakistan s january parliamentary elections because of a previous criminal conviction , a party spokesman said .
ousted chief justice iftikhar chaudhry was due to address the rally in the capital islamabad , but was not present at the time of the attack .
mayor iccho ito , , was shot twice in the back at point blank range outside a train station tuesday evening , nagasaki police official rumi tsujimoto said .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday that proving north korea s claims of its past nuclear activities is likely to take a long time , but establishing a process to do so could advance a long stalled nuclear agreement .
fujimori also denied that montesinos , his closest adviser , was ever a friend .
forest fires fanned by strong winds in the eastern part of korea destroyed hectares of woodlands , burned a famed buddhist temple and forced , people to evacuate their homes before authorities yesterday brought the two biggest blazes under control .
the cdc has advised all state health departments to be on alert for signs of the virus .
gebrselassie won in an unofficial two hours four minutes seconds , shattering the previous best by kenya s paul tergat , by seconds .
u . s . and iraqi forces captured almost three quarters of falluja on wednesday , but islamist militants struck back , kidnapping three of the prime minister s relatives and killing two dozen people around iraq .
the vote is expected late today .
his owners were fined .
flames consumed malibu s landmark castle kashan , a fortress like hilltop home with turrets and arched windows .
a bomb near a shi ite shrine killed eight people and a fierce attack on iran by a minister fueled fears of sectarian strife when campaigning began on wednesday for iraq s first election since saddam hussein s fall .
but putin ridiculed the organization s name and said perhaps it should concentrate on teaching their wives to make borscht rather than teaching countries how to run their elections .
except for a few rare cases , previous south korean ambassadors to the u . s . spent at least two years in the job in consideration of the strategic importance of the south korean u . s . alliance .
polanski , a holocaust survivor himself in his native poland , has been an exile from the united states since fleeing years ago to avoid sentencing for having sex with a year old girl .
but it s not uncommon to see a visible difference in a very short time .
rios said of the victims have been identified and that their ages range from to .
a man died near the western german town of wissen early saturday when a tree toppled by the storm fell on the car he was riding in , wissen police told cnn .
the research is featured at the royal society s summer science exhibition in london .
the new group of adversaries include some members of roh moo hyun s own party .
the disclosures undermine american claims to a moral high ground as the united states tries to put down a growing insurgency and gain international support in iraq .
and how we interpret the constitution .
this is the last hole , bob murray , ceo of murray energy , said wednesday evening .
terry posey , an agent with crye leike auctions of cleveland , tennessee , said the current owner has had the property only four months and didn t want to comment .
a spokesman for the prosecutor s office in koblenz , near mainz , said the suspect is expected to be deported to italy in the coming days .
head monks of large temples in the country were referred to in the classified report as gangs . many of the arrested monks were tortured and forced to resign from their posts , the panel said .
obama s urban chic wardrobe is a style turn from the sometimes matronly choices made by other first ladies .
they include heads of state , ministers of finance , health and trade , members of national parliaments and non governmental organizations .
a fast moving train carrying hundreds of commuters slammed into an empty train near rio de janeiro on thursday , killing at least eight people and injuring , officials said .
an autopsy in the bahamas is planned for monday .
during a trip to australia , pace told voice of america , it is clear that iranians are involved and it is clear that materials from iran are involved , but i would not say , based on what i know , that the iranian government clearly knows or is complicit . full story
president roh moo hyun monday withdrew his nomination of chon hyo suk as the country s first female chief of the constitutional court , as the main opposition grand national party gnp rejected his proposal for a bipartisan conference .
sparks , , of glendale , arizona , rose from the bottom ranks to gain much momentum in later weeks , and few would deny her broad appeal to viewers of all ages .
george washington , winston churchill and nelson mandela are among the few that have been similarly honored .
especially now , it s a very important time for hyundai , yun tae sik , an auto analyst at nh investment securities , said friday , citing hyundai s constant labor troubles , sluggish sales and pricing competition from japanese automakers .
bell made the alarmist statement at a breakfast meeting organized by the kwanhun club , a fraternity of senior journalists , at the korea press center in central seoul .
a public memorial service at miles high school , the cranbrook school in bloomfield hills , michigan , is planned for november .
according to the chosun ilbo , the recent issue of newsweek magazine reported that president roh moo hyun s continuing pursuit of mega projects such as the administrative capital transfer that need excessive government fund spending may lead korea into a debtor status .
among those honored at the shrine in tokyo are convicted class a war criminals responsible for heinous atrocities during world war ii , along with . million japanese war dead .
an explosion destroyed a real estate office thursday in spain s northwest galicia region but no one was hurt , officials said .
food
and in order to do that , i feel it s best to separate my business life from my personal life , he said .
this is a serious issue and we want to make sure we understand each other s positions very clearly , bush said .
the bush administration has accused syria of not doing enough to stop the flow of insurgents across its borders into iraq
on june , , thousands of people gathered nationwide to remember the uprising with festivals and exhibitions , free from the fear that once attended such gatherings .
mating with more than one male poses a serious threat to females , increasing the risk of exposure to parasites and diseases , said dada gottelli , zsl s lead scientist for the research .
that was the date in when the military removed thaksin and his legally elected thai rak thai party from power .
but mccain said he was confident he would emerge tuesday night as the presumptive nominee .
medical examiner karen chancellor warned that individuals with chronic respiratory or heart conditions should take special precautions during this heat wave .
there s an awful lot of taxicabs on the streets of new york city , bloomberg said tuesday . these cars just sit there in traffic sometimes , belching fumes .
zheng had appealed against his sentence , arguing that it was too severe and saying he had confessed his crimes and co operated with police .
christine beatty will serve four months in prison for her part in a text messaging sex scandal case .
the remarks were made by vice minister of foreign affairs and trade lee kyu hyung hours after chun yung woo , seoul s top nuclear envoy , left for new york to attend the meeting with his u . s . counterpart , christopher hill .
britain , new zealand and indonesia noted that rudd s election would boost international efforts to address climate change howard had refused to sign the kyoto pact .
twenty one people who are not students were arrested recently on a variety of drug charges , officials said .
the auctioned ivory consisted of whole elephant tusks and pieces of tusks in various sizes , he said .
giant squid live in waters off southern australia and new zealand where a half ton colossus , believed to be the world s largest , was caught in february .
in normal years , ibama gets no more than one or two calls a month , she said .
iran denies it is trying to acquire nuclear weapons , and says it only wants nuclear power to generate electricity for civilian purposes .
in beijing , chinese foreign ministry spokesman liu jianchao questioned the claim that north korea made the assertion .
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama tried to convince ohio voters they have what it takes to fix the economy as they campaigned before contests that could decide the democratic presidential nomination .
if approved , a deal would be a significant step forward in a process stalled since september .
but the two new studies , by business professors at lehigh university in pennsylvania , rutgers university in new jersey and chicago s depaul university , suggest that people are notably more likely to lie in an e mail even than in traditional pen and paper communication .
it is one of the largest and oldest armed groups pushing for the rights of the ethnic madhesi people in southern nepal .
before nato helicopters took aim at the house , a small boy is posted at the door as a human shield , forcing the nato chopper pilot to hold fire .
he will be the first kremlin leader to travel to iran since josef stalin attended a wartime summit with britain s winston churchill and president franklin roosevelt .
at the same time , we have a responsibility to respond to the immediate needs of iraqis who have fled violence and persecution .
the movie , an indictment of george w . bush s leadership and his decision to go to war in iraq after the terrorist attacks , took in . million to become the first documentary to debut as hollywood s top weekend film .
but there is a perception that losses have been too much , so the markets don t look like they ll continue seeing steep falls .
a new bridge connecting yeongjongdo and songdo is going to start its construction soon .
the gate was considered a national symbol to koreans around the world .
white house press secretary dana perino said bush s discussions with erdogan would include the fight against terrorism in particular our joint efforts to counter the pkk .
palestinian protesters , anxious about possible concessions by the abbas delegation have taken to the streets with demonstrations .
according to landry , hawkins treatments were extensive , and cost the state , while he was in its custody .
we have never had this many patients , tam said .
developing countries , including china and india , were exempted from that first round of cuts .
back then it was this brand new experience and you had to dress for it .
the joong ang ilbo reports lee myung bak , still seeking an alliance with the woman who has so far been his toughest foe in the race for president , declared in public yesterday that he wanted to earn park geun hye s trust and that it was his fault the two were rivals .
he said he did not know where laurean was headed , but my suspicion would be , he s trying to get there quick .
the second man , zac fitzgerald , shot the crocodile , causing it to let go of grant s arm . but a second shot that fitzgerald fired struck grant in the upper right arm , said northern territory police spokeswoman katie fowden .
i ve sold more than million records worldwide , and still nobody listens to what i have to say . because i m and a woman , she says .
new delhi , india cnn members of an indian ethnic community burned effigies , squatted on railroad tracks and blocked highways thursday in an attempt to bring part of the country to a halt in a protest over caste classification .
we re all gonna illegally cram in one car , sorry .
rodriguez was eventually divorced from his wife .
the company plans to have converter boxes in stores by april .
it is our . . . suspicion , otherwise there is no ground to claim that some tibetan people or group is planning to use suicide bombers or something like that , the tibetan prime minister said .
that means u . s . citizens entering the united states at sea or land ports of entry must either have a passport , passport card or whti compliant document .
the former chelsea manager said he had talked with the fa s chief executive brian barwick and trevor brooking but after deep and serious thinking decided he does not want to succeed sacked steve mcclaren .
i think it s going to be a really exciting mission to the north pole first time we ve been up there and i m really looking forward to this , doug mccuistion , nasa s mars exploration program director , told a news conference . watch animation of the phoenix mars lander raquo
coal , gas fired plants and oil refineries
that s a reference to arizona republican senator john mccain , who turned down overtures from kerry even though he was never formally offered the job .
bond has been denied to casey anthony , the florida woman who is now charged with killing her daughter , caylee .
an actor escaped death in front of an austrian theater audience after slashing his throat in a bizarre on stage mix up .
regis philbin is as shocked as everyone else to hear that his friend david letterman has gotten married
clashes have spread to other parts of iraq , including baghdad s sadr city , where the mehdi army fought rival shia .
rodgers spoke to reporters after leaving the hospital wednesday evening .
jay leno in nbc s tonight show .
olmert and abbas met last monday for the first time in nearly two months , recommiting to a u . s . sponsored push to achieve a peace agreement by the end of the year .
madeleine , then , disappeared while on holiday with her family at the portuguese resort of praia da luz on may , .
a few physicians have declined to participate in force feeding , although the specific number has not been tracked , haupt said .
president vladimir putin and ivanov , a former defense minister seen as a potential candidate to succeed the russian leader in elections next year , have repeatedly said their country would continue to improve its nuclear weapons systems and respond to u . s . plans to deploy a missile defense system in europe .
the crews aim to prevent the blazes from pushing closer to pricey neighborhoods on the pacific coast
south korea will not join a us led scheme to stop and search suspicious north korean ships , officials say .
mohamed moundhiri djoubeiri , the doctor in charge of the cholera ward at el marouf , said traditional feasts were to blame for spreading it .
he has not been formally charged .
bin laden , with a bodyguard standing directly behind him , is looking down slightly in the video , appearing to address an audience below , which is unseen . watch the al qaeda leader raquo
the countries where groups that recruit child soldiers operate are afghanistan , burundi , central african republic , congo , myanmar , nepal , somalia , sudan , chad , colombia , philippines , sri lanka and uganda , according to the report .
we worked in a stay in new zealand in a package arranged by our travel agent .
from red roses to valentine s day , red is the universally recognized sign of romance
kim , who is and a nobel peace prize laureate , was admitted to the hospital as a precaution on aug .
it s time to break the taboo and start a discourse on sex , its pleasure , its distortions and superstitions , says martin shim , a curator at asia eros museum .
we need a paradigm shift , says mark goodstein , the executive director for the automotive x prize . we need to change the way people think about automobiles .
abe , who is seen as a nationalist , took over as prime minister a year ago .
japan and canada have taken positions in line with the united states , while australia s position is uncertain .
parker , who averaged . points on percent shooting , became the first european born player to be honored as mvp .
the team of archaeologists that made the discoveries believes the structures predated the inca empire but were then significantly developed and expanded .
worldwide revenue surged to million last year , up from million in , according to sharpbrains , a company that tracks the mental fitness industry .
executives with the first airline that will fly boeing co . s new concede that the aircraft maker faces production challenges , but they re doing what they can to make sure they get their plane on time next may .
the korea herald reports supreme court justice nominee kim young ran yesterday called on the national assembly to abolish within its term the controversial hoju system , in which women are not allowed to officially head a family .
lewis hamilton endured racist taunts from spectators during formula one testing at barcelona s montmelo circuit , spanish media reported on sunday .
clinton completed her testimony on tuesday .
david sherborne , representing al khalifa , says the case would mainly hinge on the nature of jackson s friendship with the sheikh .
sorenstam putted the th hole and then bogeyed the next hole , despite a fortunate bounce off the rock fronting the green that kept the ball out of the water .
the ministry ordered the dumplings importer and distributor , jt foods co . ltd . an affiliate of japan s largest tobacco company to recall the product .
but russian ambassador valery nikolayenko told channel telenoticias in a phone interview during the standoff that he and three other officials had remained in the building to help negotiate a peaceful end to the situation .
the island is part of a free trade zone under iranian authority . under most circumstances , non iranian nationals do not need a visa to visit kish .
they didn t know how many bees remained unaccounted for , but they were getting no calls from panicked motorists .
lahore , pakistan cnn pakistan , a south asian nation with nuclear capability , says it has successfully test fired a new missile that can carry all types of warheads .
stocks languished for most of the day , with the selloff accelerating near the close of trade .
another phase of the o . j .
water taxis take day trippers to points along the abel tasman coast , where they can walk part of the coastal track or simply relax on the beach .
brendan burke s cell phone was beeping within minutes of the start of his wife s marathon in san diego .
o shea hurt a knee in the czech republic and fletcher was injured in a tackle by patrick vieira as scotland won in france .
it s been a good year .
south korean diplomats were hopeful about the group s fate .
after a few years , the country and the united states were in an alliance in the u . s . war on terrorism .
the outstanding household debt is equal to percent of the trillion won national real gross domestic product gdp , the bank of korea said .
and for air travelers , it s been a rough couple of months .
president george w bush paid tribute to ford , a fellow republican , praising his integrity and common sense .
fans stormed the yard of a police station near the rome s olympic stadium , hurled stones at passing police cars , and smashed windows at the nearby italian olympic committee headquarters .
i would be an unconventional choice i haven t followed a traditional path , but i think i bring a lifetime of experience to this , she told ny .
the groups including the korea veterans association and the new puritan spiritual training center issued a declaration denouncing the government for reconciling with north korea and weakening the alliance with the united states .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has been sworn in , two days after his coalition suffered its worst election result in five decades .
miss teen colorado hilary carol cruz won the crown .
the question is whether or not there s going to be endless dialogue on a subject that we have made up our mind about . we believe kosovo ought to be independent .
the airline canceled flights tuesday .
but services and facilities at the center will not be available for undocumented workers unless they are seeking assistance in voluntarily leaving the country
the fewer products and goods available to place on the shelves , the more room for increasing prices .
israel fought hezbollah militants in lebanon two years ago in an effort to stop hezbollah rocket fire into northern israel .
that is also the date for a galaxy home game against toronto .
paris , france cnn a military shooting demonstration in southeast france on sunday left people wounded , including children , when real bullets were used instead of blank ones , officials said .
congress passed a law in making it easier for north koreans to resettle there .
at a nairobi morgue on thursday , odinga toured freezing rooms of the dead and saw the bodies of babies and children piled on shelves , according to an associated press report .
falwell was found unconscious and without a pulse in his office at liberty university , the college he founded in lynchburg , virginia , said ron godwin , the school s executive vice president .
previous aspect of kim jae kyu is considered to re evaluate .
fires burned an average , hectares of land a year in spain from to , but they have become more frequent in recent years and many of them are started deliberately .
but by points , percent to percent , debate watchers polled said obama would do a better job on taxes .
the brothers uncle , youssef belhadj , was also on trial , accused of masterminding the bombings .
iran maintains it only wants to develop enrichment to generate power and says its heavy water facilities at the central city of arak which will produce plutonium , another potential pathway to nuclear arms are meant solely to generate isotopes for medical research and other peaceful purposes .
the u . s . accuses syria of not doing enough to stop the influx of militants into iraq .
yeah , i knew he was talking about me
a new zealand woman on an oxygen machine died after an energy firm switched off her power supply because of unpaid bills .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has admitted the ruling coalition faces an uphill battle to win over the public before elections later this month .
a spokesman for the ukrainian state run gas company , naftogaz ukrainy , told cnn that russian gas giant gazprom had turned off all gas flowing through ukraine into the rest of europe .
richie , , was arrested early on december after witnesses reported seeing her suv headed the wrong way on a freeway in burbank .
black presidential candidate barack obama s wife apparently zinged democratic white house competitor hillary clinton .
music on the cover of the rolling stones
the nearly others hail from countries , such as italy , poland and ukraine , that have supported the u . s . effort , which began in march .
romer , when pressed , says the administration is opposed to eliminating the tax deductions people get for private and company provided health care , but the idea has not been taken off the table .
the korea times reports cutler s briefing came on the first day of the fourth round of free trade agreement fta talks on cheju island .
agreement reached at last month s six party talks , but it s still a fragile process , he was quoted as saying during an alumni gathering of seoul national university .
during the talks , the two sides will discuss how to cooperate in implementing the february agreement , south korean unification minister lee jae joung said tuesday before his departure for the talks that run through friday .
he faces a maximum sentence of life imprisonment .
i m proud to be able to say that , you know , the first black president , you know .
in a match featuring three rain disruptions and a confused umpire who lost his bearings midway through the tussle , th seed vaidisova downed an out of sorts mauresmo with a barrage of hefty groundstrokes .
in its monday edition , the nelson report said that boucher has the trust of u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice .
feudal and i m not a tribal i have been brought up in a very educated and civilized family which believes in values , which believes in principles , which believes in character .
london , england cnn shares in embattled british bank northern rock slid further on monday , with the stock opening percent lower after tumbling by a similar amount last week .
bush said he is looking forward to a good , spirited campaign .
in addition to the single count , the case contains an allegation that richie had a prior misdemeanor dui conviction in june .
del riego said foreign companies , including many in the united states , had expressed interest in setting up production lines at the prisons in tamaulipas .
the current security budget of . billion pounds billion will increase to . billion pounds billion by , brown said .
she collects theses for the museum , which is owned by pulmuone co . , a south korean company that makes kimchi and other organic food .
staffers called others zoos and aquariums and scoured the internet to see if there were records of similar creatures .
gen david petraeus , top us commander in iraq , and us envoy to baghdad ryan crocker both claimed evidence of iranian involvement in attacks on us troops .
former prime ministers lee hae chan and han myung sook , former government administration and home affairs minister kim doo kwan and former health and welfare minister ryu shi min are strong supporters of president roh .
since then italy , spain , belgium and britain have followed suit with similar bans .
he has been reluctant to describe it as xenophobic because many south africans have criticized his government for not doing enough to deal with the crisis in neighboring zimbabwe .
witnesses told cnn a school bus filled with children was on the bridge when it collapsed , but they also said the bus did not drop into the water and it appeared that the children had all been evacuated .
as the bush administration faces the november presidential election the united states claims it and its allies have put osama bin laden on the defensive , increasing chances of his capture soon , according to remarks published in pakistani media on sunday .
he refused the part , complaining it belittled his countrymen .
modern day south beach is still a vibrant monument to the art deco designs of the late s and s .
the half hour line snakes around a corrugated metal building that looks like an airplane hangar at edwards air force base .
the united states and other western nations have strongly urged saakashvili to quickly remove the measure , which banned independent newscasts .
the woman , who identified herself as yo syun ju , told an afghan reporter by telephone all the hostages were sick .
the south and north share the view that they should end the current armistice system and build up a permanent peace system .
the thing about ronaldo is that he wants to play with skill and he wants to use the skill all the time , which is great credit to him .
investigators said the plane took off from the wrong runway , a short strip not intended for commercial flights .
teenagers also tend to go to bed and wake later than adults .
powell set his world record . in and equalled it twice last season on the way to being named male athlete of the year .
north korea accused the u . s . of storing chemical arms in the heart of the demilitarized zone border , but the american military said this was completely inaccurate .
the ministry will decide whether or not to dismiss the officials after the three months , the ministry said .
christen said that they are relying on other experiences with breeding , where about percent of the eggs survived , to estimate how things may go .
park said that there are more than online communities at a portal site serving as middlemen for prostitutes and their clients , and among them , more than were actively working .
however , it was not clear if the prince had been invited to attend he is believed to have gone to an olympics only once before , when his sister princess anne competed in montreal in .
earlier president george w bush praised the bill , a compromise measure between republicans and democrats without any timetable for a us troop withdrawal .
his wife kicks off her publicity tour for a one off reality show that s to air on nbc early next week .
as he left the hospital wednesday , the president issued this appeal to his countrymen
before the stunt , seinfeld worked the microphone at a cannes theater where he screened the rough footage . the press corps tried to engage him in a little standup comedy .
seoul , south korea ap north korea repeated its demand during talks with the united states this week that washington lift financial restrictions targeting the communist regime , a pro pyongyang newspaper reported on thursday , after the meetings ended without a clear breakthrough .
cnn world war ii was over , but as the s gave way to the s , a new evil lurked in the land .
it s a remarkable statement to say that you would send troops back to a place where al qaeda has established a base where they have already established a base .
the un security council has urged burma s ruling junta to show restraint amid a worsening political crisis .
in reality , no documents support that myth .
numbers peaked in the next three months , with deaths in april , in may and in june .
several of the students told cnn that the chinese government provided their transportation to the event and gave them the flags and shirts .
however , an investigation found no evidence supporting an allegation that the company bribed government officials and prosecutors , a prosecutor said on thursday .
they are asking serious questions about the future of american democracy .
the drawings , almost impossible to see with the human eye , were photographed with an infrared reflectographic camera , to reveal the underdrawings .
but she said whether olmert goes or not is a personal decision for the prime minister .
the missile test was part of a continuous process of validation and technical improvement which pakistan follows to consolidate and verify its various land based strategic missile systems , the military said .
shirley smith , washington .
they sell their lettuces , peppers , tomatoes and other produce to an on campus grocery store and at a farmers market .
he also asked that seoul s economic projects in the north should be coordinated with those negotiations .
nasa sent along only enough thanksgiving food for the shuttle crew , but the astronauts have raided the space station s pantry to come up with enough other traditional items for their iss friends
clinton also made similar comments in a newsweek interview published two weeks ago .
on tuesday , she out ranked six other children to win , in the nd annual national odor eaters rotten sneaker contest , stinking up the joint with a pair of well worn year old nikes so noxious they had the judges wincing .
the collapse partly destroyed nearby buildings but no injuries were reported .
the sessions in raw form ran more than hours , which was edited down to four minute broadcasts .
clear plastic crates stuffed with lego bricks in every hue are stacked high against the walls .
pushing the canal plan through without thoroughly reviewing it will only anger the public and create more social conflict , the groups said in the statement .
commentators believe pyongyang is simply seeking to get the best deal from an agreement replete with ambiguities , and there is a long road ahead before a final understanding is achieved .
cores drilled through ice . miles thick at a site called dye in south central greenland .
the gnp claimed , roh breached the law because his saturday remarks are designed to make the gnp candidates lose the election .
the team found methane in the martian atmosphere by carefully observing the planet through nasa s infrared telescope facility and the w . m . keck telescope , both at mauna kea , hawaii .
never in all the time i served in public life have i ever put my interests ahead of the public good .
the korean broadcasting commission announced last week that it would not allow the retransmission of ground based broadcasts on satellite based mobile television , preventing mobile phone operators from accessing programs from the country s main television stations kbs , mbc and sbs .
ford and volvo , which it owns , have winners in the latest list of crash worthy vehicles .
one of the hotties accepted into the club is jimmy ziomek , a year old from new york city who rated an . .
the chief u . n . nuclear inspector headed to north korea on tuesday for talks on how to implement a landmark nuclear disarmament agreement after playing down expectations that his trip heralded the communist country s rapid disarmament .
in the third round while the th ranked hewitt eased to a win over austrian juergen melzer .
at least people are said to have been killed in one of the raids on a mosque where militants loyal to shiite cleric moqtada al sadr were based .
in the second set , henin broke for and closed out victory on her first match point .
saakashvili has previously accused moscow of attempting to overthrow his government by staging the recent opposition protests , and said the crackdown was necessary to prevent the country from sliding into chaos .
unlike other ski towns , crested butte is just a five minute free shuttle ride from the mountain easy for those toting young kids and safe for teens to explore on their own .
while electric service was still out and most stores were closed , the international airport in montego bay , jamaica , reopened monday night , allowing tourists who had been caught in the storm to begin leaving .
gauhati , india cnn a man who stuck his arm into the tiger enclosure at a zoo in northeast india bled to death wednesday after two big cats tore off his limb as his family and dozens of visitors watched , a zoo official said .
there were other presidents who treated their slaves less kindly .
one of the veterans , marjorie gallun , , who said she served in the marine corps , told the queen we are happy to have you here .
loch ness is surrounded by myth and mystery , as it is the largest and deepest inland expanse of water in britain .
our ed donahue takes a look at his long career
the dalai lama has nominated his own panchen lama , who has disappeared and is believed to be under house arrest .
we got lucky and the lights were visible . . . so our guest went down on his knee and proposed to his girlfriend and she was totally blown away . she wouldn t wear gloves for the first three days
whether it s trying an extreme sport like skydiving or snowboarding , or exploring new options in the bedroom , activities that get the pulse racing can open the brain s dopamine centers and increases desire .
the new york times says it has seen a memo which shows that the us president was firmly set on the path to war two months before the iraq invasion .
white house press secretary robert gibbs tells nbc s today show that s ok , barack obama will keep working across the aisle
the airline said it will stop taking reservations for flights after monday .
the vatican acted after officials recognized stenico s office in the background of a television program on gay priests that was broadcast on oct . on la , a private italian tv network .
the shringar cinema was packed when the blast occurred around p . m . in one of its three theaters .
the insurgents do not want people of other religions to live with them , akara said .
the sheriff said the deputy was shaken up , but helped move people to safety as vehicles continued to crash the sounds of metal grinding and gnashing in the darkness .
a family spokesman said authorities found madeleine s blood in a car the family rented days after reporting her disappearance in may .
stoy s chat room , which is affiliated with the non profit group take off pounds sensibly tops , has about , members .
the brief tonight denial was the first reaction from kim s side following the investigative report aired by sbs , a local television network with ties to former authoritarian regimes .
many victims say they were kidnapped and forced into sexual slavery by japanese troops .
a strong earthquake in central japan has damaged a large nuclear power plant causing a leak of radioactive material .
two students go on a shooting spree in the hallways .
british prime minister tony blair said the announcement comes as a profound relief , not just to them but to their families that have endured such distress and anxiety over these past days .
i m so proud of the little stinker , said her mother , paula tuck .
zheng , , headed the watchdog agency from to but was expelled from the ruling communist party earlier this year after investigators said he abused the administration s approval powers to obtain bribes and win illegal profits from drug companies .
but thinking of france as a nation , i must say i have rarely identified with its priorities .
the allegations were made by the us china economic and security review commission in its annual report .
graf and agassi are shown snuggling in a hotel room bed .
former vice president al gore says a house measure aimed at curbing the gases blamed for global warming is one of the most important bills ever in congress .
news footage showed him hugging and shaking hands with people after he fled a house in the basra neighborhood of jabaliya .
it had a sampling error of percentage points .
the football s governing body said that bonfrere expressed his intention to resign tuesday , which it accepted in the technical committee s meeting on wednesday .
but president felipe calderon restored full relations with cuba after succeeding fox in .
people might say coupons are just for tightwads , but people from all kinds of economic backgrounds are more likely to use them , strickhouser said .
the chief south korean policymaker for the country s development said yesterday seoul is planning to aid north korea by focusing efforts on two large cities and four smaller zones .
when mickelson had to hit under one tree and over another , the ball clipping branches while headed sky high .
in , he made two trips for the mission
park jae wan , chief secretary for kang , said the party expects the investigation to be concluded in a fair and transparent way so that kang will be cleared of any suspicion .
spitzer is married with three children .
most of the viruses are harmless , but some are potentially deadly when passed to humans .
and i believe , i honestly believe , that they do not mind if the united states and the american army and the iraqi security forces succeed and prevail in baghdad and defeat terrorism in iraq .
strong bones , bouloux quips to his numb patient .
the minister reaffirmed seoul s commitment to the participation in the u . s . led efforts to rebuild the war torn middle eastern nation .
afghan officials accused the taliban of a massacre .
haustein , who is paying for the expedition , said he hopes that finding the gold could lead to the amber room , whose interior is made completely of amber and gold .
india television broadcast scenes of shattered windows and glass doors in the cinema s lobby , and the cnn ibn television news channel said some of the wounded had lost limbs in the blast .
both sides exchanged fire throughout the day , although the clashes have now stopped .
royal showed particular compassion to a wheelchair bound questioner , and newspaper le monde the next day dubbed her the candidate mother of french politics .
all those difficult teenagers being dropped off by frustrated parents at nebraska hospitals .
government officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the report has not been finalized , described it as an expansive look at potential threats within the united states and said it required the cooperation of a number of national security agencies , including the cia , fbi , homeland security department and national counterterrorism center .
it publishes anonymous , sometimes vicious , gossip about students .
the troop pullout , however , was based on a withdrawal plan ratified earlier that year .
the name harmony was the choice of schoolchildren who took part in a national competition .
this year which marks the th anniversary of the annual festival it runs from september to october .
now he is selling packs of gauloises and two packs of marlboros .
the pandas ate a meal of steamed corn buns and carrots before they were placed in a truck and taken to the sichuan capital of chengdu .
gps plus pointing , though , suggests an entirely new direction .
we do not know why this person was intent on gaining access to this restricted area , the statement said , noting that multiple signs are posted stating , danger zone , do not enter and authorized personnel only .
if you re out there , you re going to get caught .
both japan and the us have rejected pyongyang s demand for a reactor .
ioc president rogge to stand for second term
americans in general and in swing states in particular , give obama very high marks on economy
cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez threatened sunday to cut off his country s oil shipments to the united states if a court ruling goes forward ordering venezuelan assets be frozen in a case brought by exxon mobil .
the high court busan gave the go ahead for a tunnel to be built for korea s bullet train .
kang had refused a summons the previous day by prosecutors who were planning to ask if he had a role in relaying choi s money to yoon , currently in prison on influence peddling charges .
giving out a few crumbs to the chinese and indians is one thing , said kretzmann , who noted the draft law was seen by both the bush administration and the international monetary fund before it was given to iraq s parliament . but the real prize are the contracts that award long term rights . i think the western oil companies are biding their time .
michel , meanwhile , said that the lack of stability in the nation is good news for the extremists and anti democratic forces .
we re rather annoyed , said project manager barry goldstein of nasa s jet propulsion laboratory , which manages the million mission .
during her days in jail , she said she meditated , read letters from fans , talked to other inmates through the vents , wrote in her journal and read the bible , though she couldn t cite a favorite passage when asked .
, in what is believed to be the first time a north korean has asked for asylum at a foreign mission in russia .
the drummer , wearing dark glasses , said it was a serious message to everybody watching .
new claims for jobless benefits rose by , last week to , , while continuing claims jumped to . million .
the goal is to disable yongbyon by the end of the year , so north korea can t easily make nuclear bombs , according to a transcript of hill s comments to reporters in beijing .
sun kyung cho , who , like her brother , grew up mostly in the united states , is a graduate of princeton university .
seven civilian employees of the defense department have also been killed .
at least million of the money clinton had in the bank was set aside for the general election , compared with million set aside by obama .
the eight children were born between and .
consumers are getting a chance today to tell president barack obama of problems they ve had with credit card companies .
she s appearing before a senate panel right now , and so far has not commented directly on reports of iranian missile testing .
the man , aged between and , was not armed and the pope s life was never in danger , vatican spokesman father federico lombardi told cnn . it is not clear if he will be charged .
cnn and cnn . com will carry the event live .
de jesus speaks with a kind of conviction that makes me consider him more like david koresh or jim jones .
he also said only an insane person could dream of building a great canal which would drain the national budget .
he said that the only news in the announcement is that , once again , the prosecution has extended its investigation . it is hard to imagine what more the prosecution could hope to analyze or review on this investment .
rolandas milinavicius has been charged with two counts of murder in the shooting deaths of inga contreras , , and martynas simokaitis , .
sen . hillary clinton on saturday rejected calls by supporters of rival candidate barack obama to quit the democratic presidential race , and obama said clinton should remain in race as long as she wants .
solar flares and vast explosions , known as coronal mass ejections , shoot highly charged matter toward earth .
sunday s agreement with the former maoist rebels ends months of political deadlock that had stalled the peace process .
defeat would not automatically cost abe his job , as it is the lower house which chooses the prime minister , but he may feel compelled to leave .
despite sen . barack obama s commanding lead in the delegate count , sen . hillary clinton campaigned hard sunday , telling voters she s running for the toughest job in the world .
folks lapse into a coma , there are abnormal movements of the eyes and a terrible cascade of events leading to the actual death of parts of the brain .
he s gonna be a president who will bring determination to defeat an enemy , bush said .
presenting potential risks even if all they re doing is talking , researchers said monday .
u . s . registrations of new hybrid vehicles rose percent in to a record , , according to data to be released monday by r . l . polk co . , a southfield based automotive marketing and research company .
the u . s . s . ronald reagan , a nuclear powered aircraft carrier , was in the area wednesday in support of relief efforts .
however , it was slaven bilic s side who turned on the style at the worthersee stadion as they took control of group b with two wins out of two .
the central bank has retained the key rate amid worldwide financial turbulence triggered by u . s . subprime mortgage defaults after raising it by a quarter point in july and august to prevent rising liquidity from triggering inflation and an asset bubble .
the spasm of political violence erupted soon after the december elections , when odinga accused president mwai kibaki of rigging the vote to win re election .
a volcano in the central philippines spewed ash early tuesday , blanketing fields and villages as far as three miles away , but there was no immediate sign of a major eruption , scientists said .
a spokeswoman from uk s treasury branch , which handled inquiries into the incident , said the department is extremely concerned about what has happened and we will be taking steps to ensure that it doesn t happen in the future .
these works , they believed , were causing crime and degeneracy . they had to be stopped .
carter and his wife founded the center to promote human rights and improve the quality of life in the third world .
as the folks at cnn say , it s always prime time somewhere .
his office said in a statement that cheney told roh over lunch that u . s . troops should stay in south korea because they guarantee security in the region .
it left its benchmark federal funds rate steady at . percent .
it would trigger a sales boom in the sluggish wireless market .
and the best way to do that is to send astronaut teachers into american schools to share their space flight experience .
dublin airport police said they called ireland s national police force , the garda siochana , after rhys meyers refused repeated requests to calm down .
that could lead them to sign contracts in violent iraq sooner than western firms .
the defense ministry adopts a french style military reform .
he said rescuers are working into the night trying to get to the trapped u . n . workers . it s a very serious situation still with the u . n . in algiers , he said .
the site also used tweets to estimate voting wait times .
without any intervention , officials believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march .
leaving one s homeland is never an easy choice to make , even during war .
mail orders generally make up less than percent of business , but the service helps win over repeat customers who consistently place large orders , store managers say .
a house commerce subcommittee wants a national ban on the sale of collision damage insurance .
raindance say part of the magic of their festival is
seven other people are being questioned in the uk about the attempted attacks in central london and glasgow airport .
. i hated my last boss .
his wife also was charged with making a false report to a police officer for allegedly saying she was raped
the former vice president said addressing the problem is a moral issue and should not be partisan or political .
that , after the senate late last night said no to a bailout deal for the big three .
but the situation is better than it was in previous days , in the rift valley cities of naivasha and nakuru which were the focus of violence over the weekend .
order of the phoenix did more business in five days than each of the first three harry potter movies did in their first full week , and it nearly matched the million first week total of the fourth film , harry potter and the goblet of fire , fellman said .
both weight gain and increases in height come in short bursts of what can seem like rapid growth which is why kids can sometimes look almost chubby one month but lean the next .
hillary clinton said she will take the race for the democratic presidential nomination a day at a time and is reviewing all options as she moves forward in her campaign .
obama won more than the , delegates needed to capture the nomination after the primaries in south dakota and montana on tuesday .
subiandono added that there were difficulties with suharto s blood flow and that his breathing pipe had to be cleared early sunday after indications it was becoming clogged , ap reported .
despite being bond producer albert broccoli s best man , grant said , i don t to the offer , and sean connery got the role instead .
in that average , clinton led the senator from illinois percent to percent .
the government of myanmar allocated just , for hiv aids in , which is one of the lowest amount spent worldwide , according to doctors without borders .
boris yeltsin was a great personality in both russian and international politics , a brave fighter for democracy and freedom and a true friend of germany .
informed by ukraine that it was diverting some of the gas that passes through the country on its way from russia to europe to make up for the reduction .
the movie mold for santa was established by gwenn in s miracle on th street .
president george w . bush assured israeli and palestinian leaders at the conference in annapolis , maryland , that washington would actively engage in peacemaking , despite deep skepticism over chances for a deal before he leaves office .
baghdad , iraq ap under the dust , the imitation french baroque furniture is painted gold .
he was the best as a chief , as a leader . he lifted the country out of the ruins , said natalya vekshina , , who took her grandson to a separate exhibit , across town , focusing on stalin s cult of personality the propaganda that portrayed him simultaneously as a god and a good guy .
christodoulos died about a . m . monday p . m . sunday e . t . at his home in an athens suburb , church officials said .
he discusses his faith while the soundtrack to his mission
china s official news agency xinhua boasts that the , delegates to congress come from many walks of life throughout the country and that this year s session will be more open than ever before .
eisenberg said he had mental problems and couldn t get anyone to help him .
i don t believe in power sharing with musharraf he is a dictator , we are democrats , sharif said thursday , shortly after the pakistani court s ruling .
a piece of debris the size of a compact car fell into toledo bend reservoir on the texas louisiana line , said sabine county sheriff tom maddox .
top seed williams overcame danish teenager caroline wozniacki .
president bush said those responsible must be brought to justice and praised bhutto as a woman who had fought the forces of terror .
and while benson , , isn t as wealthy or as well known as branson , he is a veteran entrepreneur who has already sent products into space .
statute of limitations
the military says the strike was aimed at militants linked to al qaeda operative abu musab al zarqawi .
analysts polled by thomson financial were expecting revenue of . billion .
i can t get them out of my mind , he said as he was escorted from the courtroom to a sheriff s van .
and , she says , with gas prices at more than per gallon , she expects even more interest .
the row over last year s firings , which critics in congress claimed were politically motivated , has been rumbling for months .
the evacuees included about tourists , national forest service employees and others in the surrounding conguillio national park , about miles south of santiago .
but most tour companies advertise the lower off season prices and charge a supplement to go during popular times .
warmer weather also boosts tourism , a source of big development hopes for the , mostly inuit inhabitants of greenland , which is a self governing territory of denmark .
the jordanian authorities quickly discovered what had happened and through pressure from both the jordanian king and some u . s . officials , israel eventually provided meshaal with the antidote he needed to survive .
businesses across pakistan shuttered their doors paralyzing major cities monday fearful of more violence and answering a call for a nationwide strike by opposition parties protesting the dismissal of the country s chief justice , iftikhar chaudhry .
two south korean relief workers and eight pastors had been detained for several hours in separate cases last week but later released as they proved themselves not related to espionage missions .
in what has been designated year of the tree at kew , kirkham hopes that giving visitors a new perspective on the trees will help them understand the importance of nurturing them .
illinois gov . rod blagojevich ordered the state government to suspend doing business with bank of america on monday as a weekend sit in by laid off workers at a chicago window factory spilled into the workweek .
the sketch is based on an account given by the couple s friend jane tanner , who was eating with jerry and kate mccann on the evening that the british girl was taken from the family s portuguese holiday apartment .
rice replied , hello , then added to mottaki , your english is better than my arabic , the official told ap , speaking on condition of anonymity to give details of the closed lunch .
at least people were killed and more than others injured early thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale bangkok nightclub where about , revelers were ringing in the new year , thai police said .
in a statement it said the us flights were openly crying out for a pre emptive attack on the country .
he moved to bahrain after being acquitted .
as the march dispersed , a small group of gunmen , believed to be supporters of the exiled president , jean bertrand aristide , opened fire on a cluster of demonstrators , witnesses said .
another major figure from a former rival s campaign will also take on a key role
he had first returned in september , but pakistani authorities deported him within hours of his arrival .
voters will soon have their say in the presidential election as iowans gather to pick their candidates in the first in the nation caucuses .
the republicans have tried to play nice , he says
the himalayan territory of kashmir has been the source of bitter dispute and two wars between india and neighboring pakistan .
wall street is on the down swing again this morning , investors shifting their focus away from improving credit markets and worrying instead about anemic corporate earnings .
al lahim had petitioned the court to sentence the attackers to the death penalty , but instead the court agreed to increase their jail sentences , which had been two to three years , to two to nine years , al lahim said .
lame duck presidents presiding over unpopular wars or struggling economies have gotten low approval ratings in the past . holland said .
verisign and the other companies are only registering names in chinese , japanese and korean characters and adding them to a database .
portuguese and british authorities have been investigating the girl s disappearance .
washington afp the united states and the rest of the world will not be blackmailed by north korea s drive for nuclear weapons , president george w . bush said tuesday in his state of the union address .
islamabad , pakistan cnn a group of gunmen monday released at least students and teachers who had been held for several hours inside a primary school in northwest pakistan , according to pakistani officials and local police .
the berlin wall had fallen and the world appeared headed for democracy . the stock market was booming and most people seemed to be prospering .
but at a new spa that opened at caesars palace , there is a treatment room where it snows all year long .
the presidential office has not commented on whether it would announce a candidate to replace song as roh s chief national security adviser .
philadelphia downs tampa to win world series
the executive management of the university condemns this video in the strongest possible terms as a gross violation of the human dignity of the workers involved , said ufs rector frederick fourie in a statement posted on the university s web site .
as a result , the seemingly innocuous machines that are commonly used to spit out copies of tax returns for millions of americans can retain the data being scanned .
the yongsan base relocation is a key part of u . s . plan to reorganize its , troops based in south korea . the u . s . military has already said it will pull back its major combat nd infantry division from the border with north korea .
, which is controlled by the united company rusal , a russian firm and the world s largest aluminum producer .
indicate the economy shrank by . percent in the fourth quarter , the worst showing in years .
south african federation president molefi oliphant said parreira wanted to be with his wife , leila .
airbus and our own engineers have dedicated teams to try to address these issues quickly , but last night s fuel pump defect took much longer to fix , singapore airlines said in an e mailed statement to the associated press .
it s worth visiting a glacier like mendenhall or exit by land even if you re also going flightseeing .
but these days the general economic theory seems to be not applicable in korea .
the two state charges beating or killing or causing dogs to fight other dogs , and engaging in or promoting dogfighting also are punishable by up to five years in prison each .
government bank bailouts on both sides of the atlantic failed to stem slowdown fears and the effects rippled across continents .
what happens if there s no bailout ?
instead , hezbollah pounded northern israel with nearly , rockets , halting only when the u . n . security council imposed a cease fire , its short range rocket capacity intact .
pope benedict says he wants to inspire hope in the world .
a gauge of consumers overall sense of their economic outlook , living conditions and future spending
first of all , hard physical work is a way of life for all of these long lived peoples .
fidel castro called in to the venezuelan president during a television and radio broadcast on sunday , the first time the ailing cuban leader has made a live media appearance since february .
her babies have yet to see their mother s face .
the new york philharmonic orchestra performed its historic concert in pyongyang , north korea tuesday night , the first ever performance by a u . s . orchestra in that country .
i understand that some people are getting a little nervous , and i have to say that there really is no cause for nervousness , because we will have a unified democratic party , she said .
make sure you know if you have quarterly or annual goals to aim for and how they impact your daily tasks .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
clearly tell your subordinate what you really think .
another , demonstrators were expected to hold an anti g rally in downtown rostock later monday .
breaking news from virginia , michael vick , the former nfl quarterback , has pleaded guilty to state dog fighting charges in the commonwealth .
hunter s portrayal of an emotionally and morally conflicted woman at once brazen and heroic , creative and destructive is already drawing comparisons to kyra sedgwick s brenda johnson on tnt s the closer , which will precede grace on monday nights .
that was a break with other western officials who have expressed concern that such funds might have political motives and have suggested they should face restrictions .
a web posting purportedly from al qaeda has claimed responsibility for monday s blast outside the danish embassy in pakistan , which killed at least six people .
the interviews had little do do with their work and were clearly aimed at exerting undue pressure on innocent individuals , british council chief executive martin davison said .
the group representing , medical doctors were opposing the government led bill to amend the medical law , which they are concerned would hurt business and public health .
olmert said israel reserved the right to leave while retaining major population centers if the talks failed .
we are prepared to take over security of basra within two months and we will , he said , according to pa .
the dispute began when local people attempted to stop a rubbish truck from dumping refuse at a site that they argued was too close to their village .
based on a policy , japan has sworn off developing nuclear arms , after becoming the first and only country to have been attacked by the catastrophic weapon in .
after the trip , there could be a will to cooperate that is essential , he said .
sweetwater which was hit about p . m . saturday seemed to get the brunt of it .
medvedev also said he hopes for a constructive dialogue with the next u . s . president .
at the same time , iraq s shiites might be angry if the three men aren t executed .
sit at a cafe on il campo .
malaysia s opposition parties performed well in the general election in march .
our system can t stand it .
bulgaria s foreign ministry has summoned the czech ambassador in sofia to lodge a protest about the piece , according to the czech news agency .
hu announced a package of measures , including an interest free loan and grants to build schools as he paid tribute to the brotherly friendship shown by a young country full of vitality and talent .
while hubble has been a scientific workhorse since its launch in , it has been down due to technical problems before .
i still want to pursue that , she said .
santiago , chile cnn about people were evacuated as a volcano erupted wednesday in southern chile , rocking the area with explosions and spewing lava and ash .
clinical psychologist mark crawford from atlanta , georgia , said almost everyone has something he or she would like to change or improve , but succeeding is another story .
that time is the last deadline , he told reuters .
the president elect is getting set to warn congress and the rest of the country that we need to do a lot more to rescue the economy , and we need to do it now .
judicial watch takes issue with the precedent .
but the dalai lama repeated his stance that he s seeking a meaningful autonomy for the tibetan people , not independence from china .
williams received his license to sell lunar land in the uk from dennis hope .
some buildings and a bridge over a river also sustained cracks .
but halfway through that year , willis abruptly took the money she d saved for a down payment on a car and bought every piece of polaroid film she could find . because the polaroid corp . announced it would stop making instant film .
hiroshi aida said the plant could not reopen until its safety had been verified .
a panel of judges from around the world reviewed restaurants in different countries to compile this year s s . pellegrino world s best restaurant list .
the group is suing yahoo and its subsidiary in hong kong .
the flight gap will occur because nasa is winding down its space shuttle program near the end of to move into the next phase of space exploration the moon and mars .
in an address yesterday at the j global forum , a two day conference organized by the joongang ilbo , lee said that if elected president , he is willing to create an inter korean committee that can come up with a reward for the north if it dismantles its nuclear program permanently .
this year s celebrations are expected to be the largest for some time , a huge display of confidence after a period of uncertainty both at home and abroad , says the bbc s seoul correspondent charles scanlon .
the quake , measured at magnitude . by the u . s . geological survey , struck shortly after midnight in a part of the sea dotted with oil rig platforms , financial times journalist john aglionby told cnn international .
in the survey , out monday , percent of likely democratic primary voters support clinton as their choice for the party s nominee , with percent backing obama .
the european union took the first step on monday toward sending forces to chad and the central african republican to help the united nations protect refugees trapped in the violent region bordering darfur .
shortly after the strike began , french prime minister francois fillon said the government is firm but would not be confrontational .
the ruling party of pakistan s pervez musharraf admitted defeat in parliamentary elections tuesday , and one senior opposition leader said it was now time for the president to step down .
ghanem was a christian maronite and a member of lebanon s phalange party , which is known to take an anti syrian stance .
a new roman catholic bishop of beijing is being consecrated in the chinese capital , the first for more than years to have the approval of the pope .
heller described the effort as an excellent collaboration among the icrc and the venezuelan and colombian governments .
mrs clinton was in defiant mood at a meeting in york , saying
but scandal has marred his five year term , with a string of cabinet officials forced to resign over corruption allegations and roh himself surviving an impeachment attempt in .
flaherty also said he appreciated nbc cooperating with authorities , but said he was disconcerted that the videos and images were aired .
the primary would never be a fair competition as the rules of the game were specially made for a particular candidate from the outset , wang said monday , echoing the spirit of earlier comments in which he had cast doubts on the fitness of an indicted figure to lead the party s presidential ticket .
but the record changes all that and with powell , who is recovering from a chest injury , and gay he will be among the favorites for the meters at the beijing olympics .
london , england cnn popular social networking site facebook has been asked to remove the scrabulous game from its web site by the makers of scrabble , agencies have reported .
classes have been canceled for the rest of the week , and norris hall will be closed for the remainder of the semester , steger said . emily alderman , who works at a clothing store near campus , said students were sending out instant messages urging one another to wear their virginia tech hokie gear in a sign of unity .
those methods may have been taught to him by his father and grandfather .
keeping the coin content means contributing to our national debt by almost as much as the coin is worth , gutierrez said .
our republic will continue to harden its war deterrent further in response to the us stepping up its nuclear war moves , the daily newspaper said .
the olympic delivery authority , coordinating construction for the games , said the fire was located within the olympic site , behind a bus depot . the fire sparked initial alarm in london ,
six young people have died after a part time police officer opened fire at a house in the midwestern us state of wisconsin early on sunday .
returns so far show wide support for bringing an end to the strike a day after the start of negotiations with the government , france s sncf rail authority said .
they shouted free tibet !
but he was delirious with joy after heading the opening goal after minutes and then , with two minutes left , gabriel agbonlahor made sure of victory with a second goal .
he s a master of body language and tone of voice , davenport said .
in that theft , thieves stole the paintings , the tete de cheval horse s head and the verre et pichet glass and pitcher by picasso .
simpson , , is in isolation at a las vegas jail .
the agreement calls for the republic to be implemented only after the first meeting of the constituent assembly , kc said .
south korea had regularly sent aid to the impoverished north until last july , when pyongyang test fired a series of missiles , prompting a halt in shipments .
the best estimate is that it s going to be a few days where we are going through a repair plan , bp spokesman daren beaudo said tuesday .
as a result , germany s state broadcasters ard and zdf said they were halting coverage of the race , which is watched by more than a million germans , until the sinkewitz case was resolved .
it may also look for other air hubs in jordan or kuwait , officials say
she and about other people took refuge behind a locked door in a teacher s office .
god , if there is an open door for me somewhere , this is what i always pray , i m like , don t let me miss the open door .
but it s obvious that the draft resolution contains some elements which can t be accepted by us , russia s foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said in a statement .
organizers will stage a swim meet in the watercube on friday to test the facilities .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
media reports estimated up to , people .
also on sunday , eintracht frankfurt enjoyed a win over bayer leverkusen which puts them seventh in the table .
by saturday night , about , cubic meters of mud and rocks had been removed from the lake , and the plan to use explosives to blow away the blockage was abandoned because of the channel s completion , xinhua cited liu as saying .
we feel they know where he is at , but they haven t shared that with us , boren said .
the three students reade seligmann , collin finnerty and dave evans were accused of sexually assaulting an escort service dancer at a party in march .
thirteen blasts in all , killing at least people and injuring hundreds .
diaz doesn t strive to be taken seriously .
this is hilary fox with ap showbiz minute .
the best man raises his wine glass and out comes a drunken diatribe .
i found steven to be a very committed student , extremely respectful of me as an instructor and adviser , said jan carter black , an assistant professor in the university of illinois at urbana champaign s school of social work .
at the pump , meanwhile , retail gasoline prices rose , but only slightly , leading to renewed speculation that gas may follow the normal seasonal pattern of peaking around memorial day , then declining over the summer .
after the investigation began , government documents detailing lee s real estate practices were leaked to the media , prompting speculation that liberal operatives within roh s government had leaked them to damage the opposition party candidate . grand national party leader kang jae sup yesterday accused president roh moo hyun and state authorities of meddling in the presidential election race and trying to damage gnp presidential frontrunner lee myung bak .
the state s highest court , a panel of seven justices , said those counties , palm beach , broward and miami dade , must complete their recounts and submit results by p . m .
you do not become militant if you wish to be a successful propagandist .
the two had dated for about three years , nierob said .
happy birthday to the reverend billy graham , the evangelist who got hundreds of thousands of americans to come down front for altar calls , is in declining health , but he s celebrating with family members and some north carolina barbeque today .
davis was a native of pittsfield , massachusetts , said lt . cmdr . garrett kasper , spokesman for the blue angels .
adidas is an official sponsor of the olympics .
white house deputy chief of staff karl rove has resigned .
african union leaders huddled in egypt monday to address demands they reject the results of zimbabwe s widely discredited runoff in which president robert mugabe was handed a shallow victory .
lansing , michigan cnn firefighters cut a hole in the side of a house and used a forklift to extricate a pound man from his second floor bedroom after a visiting nurse became worried about his health .
and gm is expected to announce as early as monday further moves to comply with government restructuring demands .
that s craig pfister of the national retail federation .
he said he expected heavy fighting to continue in iraq during this time .
after the transfer , washington could possibly downsize the u . s .
if we try to point out north korea s shortcomings , with affection , i think that would go a long way toward improving north korean society , ap reported .
the explosion happened near the office of kabul s police chief .
witnesses say many are taking advantage of a lull in the fighting to leave .
some , homes were already without electricity before the substation was threatened .
i m not a huge fan of grass , admitted vaidisova who will next play serbian sixth seed ana ivanovic .
following media reports thursday that anne darwin had confessed to knowing her husband was alive , the sons said if the papers allegations of a confession from our mam are true , then we very much feel that we have been the victims in a large scam .
the ministry said it also decided to increase checks on illegal foreign workers in south korea due to concerns that they might collaborate with global terrorist networks .
diplomatic efforts to solve the violent fallout from kenya s disputed elections continued over the weekend with a visit from the european union s development commissioner louis michel , who met with president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga .
it was also called memorial day .
protesters also accused the top u . n . official in gaza , john ging , who was in the school , of leading a movement to weaken people s islamic faith , ap said .
participant in the unsuccessful conspiracy to overthrow czar nicholas i of russia in december
greenpeace said it had planned the protest for many months .
she pointed to a recent bbc interview by now former obama policy adviser samantha powers in which powers said obama will , of course , not rely on some plan that he s crafted as a presidential candidate or a u . s . senator .
this is the ap s ross simpson .
wrapped in black plastic , the body of yang ji seung , a third grader at seogwi buk elementary school , was found tuesday evening in a pile of discarded electronic goods in an orange grove near the family s apartment in seogwipo city .
zardari , bhutto s widower , is also scheduled thursday to meet nawaz sharif , whose own party came second in monday s election .
the u . n . security council on monday gave u . s . and allied warships new power to pursue pirates into the waters off somalia , an effort to combat a new spate of hijackings off the horn of africa .
ceo stephen cooper told employees that debt and other claims at the bankrupt energy company could reach as high as billion .
during a dive , the ring slipped from her finger .
for men , kissing is more often used as a means to an end namely , to gain sexual access .
it s been a busy day on wall street , alan valdes , chief trader at hilliard lyons , says the stock market will recover from its tail spin .
for example , a wife who works different hours than her husband could convey her mood through touch to the creature , and the husband would sense that mood through the robot when he came home .
in may , the report added , the spy agency learned that people linked to jemaah islamiah , another islamist group , were arriving in korea to set up a base of operations here .
the two leaders said several other issues between the countries had been resolved , as well .
the only way to avoid a collapse of the u . s . auto industry is for the executive branch to step in .
i just want to apologize to any of my fans that look up to me , especially my younger fans , for setting the examples that i didn t mean to set , she tells in touch . that is one of the reasons that i want to change things .
for a third year , violence overshadows preparations for bethlehem s christmas , a holiday that used to draw tens of thousands of tourists and was the lifeblood of the town s economy .
if you break down what exxon mobil makes on the dollar invested , it s no more than , you know , a lot of businesses in this country .
it doesn t fit with the steven he knew , larrison said .
rob zombie s halloween remake , starring tyler mane center , set a labor day weekend record .
now , when in the czech republic , i resist a momentum killing beer at lunch and finish each day with a fresh draft beer tonight s is still trying to kill my momentum as i type .
the account being checked was used last month to buy magazine clips that would fit one of the handguns used by cho in his shooting rampage .
scientists are hailing obama s move , while critics say it uses taxpayer dollars to encourage the destruction of human life .
putin made the comments in an interview published in italian newspaper corriere della sera ahead of the g meeting which starts in germany on wednesday .
new york cnn george washington s commissioned gold medal that was given to marquis de lafayette , the french revolutionary who supported the american revolution , was sold tuesday at auction for . million , sotheby s announced .
we get a mix of people those that are familiar with ayurveda , as well as those who are just curious and want to give it a try , said silvia mot , manager at the taj spa in mumbai .
a terror plot against jewish synagogues in new york has been broken up .
missile throwing is far from being an exclusively european problem , either .
most serious political communication is limited to forty five seconds on the television evening news .
when you share your newfound realization with the important people in your life , you make a strong commitment to doing something about it , he says .
music , singing and crowd applauding miss america is year old miss indiana .
acting president vicente gutterres announced the two day emergency in an address on national television .
there have been signs recently that some of the forces that have been restraining the economy over the past year are starting to diminish and that activity is beginning to firm , greenspan said to the senate budget committee .
riedel said broadway shows raked in million during last year s thanksgiving week .
the , seat arena in graz has now reportedly reverted to its original name of liebenau stadium .
chinese authorities have blamed the dalai lama for orchestrating the unrest , in an attempt to sabotage the beijing olympics and promote tibetan independence .
left alone , the satellite would be expected to hit earth during the first week of march .
the answers are clear to me , bush says , according to excerpts of his speech to be delivered at the pentagon on wednesday , the day the war began in .
cable already is well ahead of its telephone , satellite and wireless rivals in snagging customers .
in i will be years old and will have children , the local tabloid quoted abdul rahman as saying .
ornstein is a resident scholar at the american enterprise institute .
courses last four months and the entire training program runs two years .
there is a delay in the implementation of economic compensation obligations to be undertaken by the other countries in the six party talks , hyun hak bong , deputy director of the north korean foreign ministry s american affairs bureau , was quoted as saying late on wednesday .
i was very fond of her then as i always had been and sad that she had not had a happier and more stable time in those troubled years .
though both men come from the governing ump party , they have had tense relations .
officials said the new airline would provide employees great job security and stability in the face of rising fuel costs and competition .
but this kind of beijing experience is not for everybody .
north korea did not immediately comment on the transfer .
microsoft , though , has stood firm and is now preparing to overthrow yahoo s member board , which includes the company s co founder and chief executive , jerry yang .
thirty five people were taken to madison hospitals , three with life threatening injuries , she said .
cnn emergency crews have rescued chinese crew members whose boat began taking on water off the northern philippines sunday night , the state run chinese news agency reported .
we are part of the collective response by the un system and the broader humanitarian community to the plight of the internally displaced , antonio guterres , the high commissioner for refugees , said in a statement accompanying the report . at the same time , faced with a situation like darfur , the role of organizations such as ours is severely constrained .
president hugo chavez announced in january that the government would not renew the broadcast license for the station , long an outlet for opposition parties .
carson has created a favorable impression with martin o neill s side and has been preferred to regular goalkeeper paul robinson .
wang s injury is reminiscent of fellow chinese gymnast sang lan , who broke her neck while making a practice vault at the goodwill games in new york .
the ansa news agency reported that at least police officers suffered injuries near the rome stadium , but police said there only a few injuries and they were minor .
at a news conference in caracas , defense minister gustavo rangel briceno said venezuela believes that the united states military had intentionally breached venezuelan air space , adding that the u . s . ambassador will be summoned to the foreign ministry to explain the incident .
cheney issued a statement saying he was very disappointed with the verdict .
freire and museum president julio neves said they would not comment on the newspaper reports .
gaza city , gaza strip cnn gaza city was plunged into darkness sunday after israel blocked the shipment of fuel that powers its only electrical plant in retaliation for persistent rocket attacks by gaza militants .
he will then head to bahrain , the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and egypt .
hutchinson said police reopened the investigation into the disappearance three months ago , when information about darwin s finances came to light .
the prosecution should conduct proper investigations , as more cheong wa dae officials are likely to be involved in the case .
those who are investigating should determine whether or not there was just stupidity , was there fraud , was there whatever ?
voters raised the issues of gay marriage , how to end the war in iraq , how to better education and whether race was an issue in the response to hurricane katrina in the form of videos they shot of themselves and posted on youtube .
north korea has never publicly acknowledged that it has such a program .
the approved foods were developed after two years of research by kari and the korea food research institute , yonhap said .
bush said the g supported kosovo s independence , but discussions were all aimed at determining if there is a way to make this acceptable to russia .
last month , indian navy was criticized for sinking a thai fishing trawler that had been commandeered by pirates .
a dry spell is only a problem if the couple thinks it is , he says .
after a clean start powell was quickest into his stride but lacked the extra gears to contain gay . powell has been affected by knee tendonitis and a groin injury but bounced back with . last month in rome , the second best time this year .
live to new york and the stock exchange the ap s warren levinson
mcauliffe and her six crew mates were killed during liftoff due to a booster rocket failure .
military helicopters dropped relief supplies , but many of the more than , flood hit people in the southwest apparently got little or nothing .
this is a short term measure to insure the viability of america s banking system .
we hike up steep steps to the rim of the caldera and watch the nazca boobies mating dance the male whistles to try to attract a female .
those who knew her said she was never deterred by danger .
on sunday , members of one tribe needed protection just to walk down the street .
in other anti japan news , the korea herald reports the government will make a strong protest to japan if prime minister junichiro koizumi goes ahead with his plan to visit the yasukuni shrine tomorrow , the foreign ministry said yesterday .
but there is now a widening rift over decisions regarding sanctions on north korea since the united nations security council resolution on july .
at least people were arrested in the netherlands and five other countries including the us and britain .
reconstruction , by denmark s christoffer boe , won the camera d or , an award for the best film by a first time director , while the prize for best short film went to australia s glendyn ivin for cracker bag .
oh didn t , however , explain why .
the survey of , households in cities nationwide was taken dec .
the explosions at the depot , near the capital city of tirana , on saturday also injured .
the first attack took place about a . m . in the upscale mansour neighborhood , where law enforcement officials have come under frequent attacks in recent weeks .
the governing party is expected to invite conservative independents , probably winners belonging to the pro park geun hye alliance , until it reaches an absolute majority , observers predicted .
the attorneys also don t believe spears , , is capable of giving a deposition or signed declaration , flanagan said .
ap at years old , ben harris estimates he smokes a pack of cigarettes every two or three days .
vehicles are scattered along the broken remains of the interstate w bridge .
the proceeds from the coffee sales will go to charity .
besides , some of the responses on the narcissism test might not be worrisome , dalane said .
bolshoi director anatoly iksanov called bessmertnova s death a huge loss for the bolshoi theater and to our whole culture , the itar tass news agency said .
christopher lloyd picked through the charred remnants of his montecito , california , home monday morning , resigning himself to the fact it cannot be rebuilt .
and on her jive records self titled debut , record executives and sparks herself wanted to make sure she retained that sweet as pie image .
since taking office in , president felipe calderon has deployed some , troops to fight the drug cartels , and many see the slayings as retaliation against the president s actions .
ap s rupa shenoy reports from chicago that the governor s top advisors still have access to that classified information
cnn actor brad pitt plans to focus on rebuilding new orleans and extending his family , he told cnn s larry king but acting may not be in his long term future .
the operation is not without risk , he adds .
it even included a fashion show and panel discussion of wedding do s and don t s .
cattle on two additional sites that together make up the enterprise and animals on an adjacent farm were also culled .
the panda , jinzhu , gave birth to two female cubs on monday at the wolong nature reserve in the mountainous southwestern province of sichuan , years after being declared male at birth in , xinhua news agency said .
meanwhile , peter costello howard s nominated successor has turned down the post of opposition leader .
the dow is up points .
he is expected to offer king albert ii the resignation of his government on monday .
he said potts and lane boarded the vessel without permission .
jim mctevia , a detroit restructuring consultant , said chrysler was in a precarious position before the deal . i really believe that had this not taken place , chrysler would have ultimately been sold off in pieces , he said .
to this place , and the kindness of these people , i owe everything , he quoted lincoln as writing about illinois .
over the past year and a half , despite extraordinary challenges and distractions , jerry yang has led the repositioning of yahoo ! on an open platform model as well as the improved alignment of costs and revenues , said chairman roy bostock .
i believe there will be a woman president , he said .
a total of seven candidates were in the running for the post .
the model is not sold overseas .
the reservoir has been rising by two to four meters six to feet a day since june , when of the dam s sluice gates were shut in a ceremony shown live on national television .
president bush has now announced a billion plan to directly buy shares in the nation s leading banks .
the minders posted along the trekking route up the mountain s nine dragons valley are called environmental monitors , but are really part tour guides , part propagandists .
in years of u . s . human spaceflight , there had never been an accident during the descent to earth or landing .
kampusch was only years old when she was kidnapped on her way to school in march .
kamal yanni is now a senior health hiv policy advisor at third world charity oxfam .
villagers have become desperate for food and other aid as relief workers struggle to bring in adequate supplies .
united states officials informed allies of the intelligence community s assessment of the most likely source of certain nuclear material that was transferred to libya through the a . q .
our nation will never accept such conditions .
attorney luc de temmerman told belga news agency his client would probably not appeal , in light of the sentence .
the , year old monument most likely belonged to the queen mother of the founder of egypt s th dynasty , several hundred years after the building of the famed great pyramids of giza , the country s antiquities chief zahi hawass said as he took the media on a tour of the find .
the company will repair , toilet units manufactured between may and december for free , she said . a manufacturing defect is thought to have led to the faulty wiring .
japan can grant asylum seekers a six month stay permit under its immigration law , and a north korean human rights law also states that the government must take measures to protect and support defectors from north korea .
adidas has another advantage
yoon hyun soo at hanyang university are no longer members .
new york giants wide receiver is the latest nfl player involved in a shooting .
the free tibet group told the prince a long time supporter of tibetan leader the dalai lama that human rights conditions in china and the small himalayan nation had deteriorated since china was awarded the summer sporting showpiece , despite its promises to improve them .
and the new political symbol
getting to tepozteco
is percent , the tutoring company says .
according to records kept by the white house historical association , slaves often worked seven days a week even in the hot and humid washington summers .
stan o neal was known as one of the most ruthless men on wall street clawing his way up from an impoverished upbringing in alabama to run the world s largest brokerage .
he said the u . n . world food program plans to raise million per year to help feed million people in countries .
pakistan s government says the offensive against taliban insurgents will continue .
nine months after a power outage plunged its residents in darkness for two chilly days .
bush is calling on apec to take the lead in dealing with the global financial crisis .
the need for such mechanical help is expected to grow in japan , which has one of the most rapidly aging societies in the world .
fire and police officials attending the meeting immediately ushered the audience of about into the hallway , where several people were sobbing .
one of the was listed in good condition after undergoing surgery wednesday , a hospital spokeswoman told cnn .
a lot of them took copious notes .
united reached the fifth round by beating tottenham hotspur with cristiano ronaldo scoring twice , while arsenal saw off newcastle .
brucellosis can cause miscarriages , infertility and reduced milk production in domestic cattle .
in the latest case , the boy , said to be a local high school student , reportedly told police he killed his mother with a knife during the night as she slept , and had acted alone .
the organizers of milan fashion week , which runs from september to , have also stated that the campaign followed their own against anorexia , the paper reported .
in the fbi launched operation bot roast to combat botnet attacks , which the bureau estimates have caused million in losses and theft .
the shuttle s two day chase of the space station ended about miles above southeastern australia .
the credentials on the white t shirt are listed below a boldface heading
but those are commodities compared with charisma .
yet compassion is the work of a nation , not just a government .
however , three eyewitnesses , interviewed on tv , said the police stayed and tried to revive the two boys with mouth to mouth resuscitation .
superdelegates are party leaders and officials who vote at the august convention for the candidate of their choice .
you know , it s really interesting .
headphones could interfere with pacemakers
the accident occurred shortly after p . m .
the albanian media and international web sites is buzzing with video showing bush s wrist watch apparently disappearing while he was shaking hands with people in fushe kruje , kilometers miles north of tirana .
but in excerpts released ahead of his final state of the union address , he urges politicians to resist temptation to enlarge a bn stimulus plan .
the u . s . military placed al libi on its most wanted list in , behind bin laden , al zawahiri and taliban leader mullah omar .
i think actually the evidence is that perhaps because a decision was made to wait , wait for the atomic bomb test , perhaps more lives may have been lost , as some historians have argued .
new jobless claims jumped more than expected last week , and the labor department reports continuing claims reached a new high for the twelfth week in a row .
sun kyung cho said her family has been praying for the victims and their families , listing by name in her statement all people who died .
the building was at least six stories high , and each level fell on top of the one below .
ross simpson , washington .
bruni , , and an italian born french citizen , is a longtime model who won critical and public acclaim for her first folk album in , singing in a raspy , whispery voice .
des moines , iowa cnn attention , cat haters
walter veltroni conceded to silvio berlusconi in the italian election monday , signaling a return to power for the year old former prime minister .
kyree stated that he witnessed the homeowner trying to shoot patrick but he was having trouble chambering a round , the police report said .
police have broken up street protests and hundreds of lawyers and opposition activists have been arrested .
a military agreement between the two koreas to guarantee the safety of the people and the trains that will cross the inter korean border is the key for the railroad test runs .
it believes that thousands more children around the world could be suffering in silence .
the united new democratic party undp hailed the decision and urged lee to reveal the truth .
scotland pulled off a tremendous victory over france in paris and enhanced their chances of qualifying for the euro finals from a really tough group .
kabul , afghanistan cnn an afghan journalist working for the british broadcasting corporation was found dead sunday , a day after he was abducted in southern afghanistan , network and afghan officials said .
shiraz prosecutor hojatoleslam jaber baneshi told iran s official news agency , the irna , that a committee was investigating the cause . he did not rule out sabotage .
kellems sudden departure comes at a critical point in the investigation into whether wolfowitz acted properly over the authorization of his girlfriend s promotion and pay increase in .
pyongyang walked away from the talks weeks later to protest a u . s . crackdown on banks suspected of helping north korea with illegal financial activities .
the nuclear issue has frequently been ensnarled by lingering frictions between the north and its neighbors , as well as a dispute over u . s . sanctions against the regime for alleged money laundering and counterfeiting activities .
in the year ago period , merrill lynch reported a net profit of billion , or . a share , on the same basis .
on the upside of the economy , americans suddenly started spending more in january , after a record six straight months of reduced consumer spending , but the commerce department reports most of that was on perishables , like food , that don t do much to keep factories busy .
the president s stepping out of the oval office this morning to apply fresh pressure .
ex we searched around for hours , but couldn t find the book .
but he said alitalia would have to keep its role as italy s flagship carrier because of its role bringing tourists to italy .
moscow has been alarmed by u . s . plans to deploy elements of its global missile defense system in poland and the czech republic .
she calmly replaced it and put the bottle back on display .
and if a state makes a decision that under narrow , limited , well defined circumstances the death penalty is at least potentially applicable , that does not violate our constitution .
the man accused of stalking and killing a connecticut college student is set to make his first court appearance shortly .
beijing , china cnn wei wenhua was a model communist and is now a bloggers hero a citizen journalist turned martyr .
almost total denial of its need to respond effectively and authentically to the significant number of killings which have been convincingly attributed to them , alston said .
but it is very rare that a komodo dragon kills a human , said rudiharto .
linda king , a local dentist , is buying up the candy to send to troops .
why nest here in this unlikely spot ?
it also said north korea has been working closely with iran to develop its long range ballistic missiles , possibly using chinese technology .
the cause of bhutto s death is not clear .
quinones
law enforcement authorities have banned about korean and foreign lone star staff from leaving the country .
forces korea usfk , reaffirmed the provision of the u . s .
but the evidence as a whole indicates otherwise .
she said she witnessed the violence from a nearby building .
five south korean civilian employees continue to work at the kaesong office , the ministry said .
a majority of south koreans believe president roh moo hyun s proposal for a constitutional revision to change the presidential term of office would be thwarted either by the national assembly or a national referendum , a survey showed .
it was unclear from the statement if the captured soldiers were alive .
i ll have to win the tournament to prove it was the right decision , federer said of changing his pre wimbledon routine by missing the halle grasscourt event .
sen . john mccain , r arizona , noted that fighting in was bloodier than ever .
it was unclear whether the mideast trip will be in conjunction with that journey .
last november , the illinois senator said he d offer the former president a job in a second .
the operation to free hostages held at a school in beslan in was full of failures and shortcomings , a russian investigator has said .
defense secretary robert gates , who will keep his job when president elect barack obama takes his office , is in iraq .
the job took hours , or about hours a day since the iphone s june launch .
money worries rob workers of sleep , study shows
the band s attorneys tell the detroit free press for thursday s edition that activision properly secured permission to use what i like about you , allowing it to record a cover version .
i had never thought , in my lifetime , to see anything that would bear even a faint resemblance to the beginning of the great depression , but this crisis does bear some resemblance to that .
the show will pay tribute to atlantic records co founder ahmet ertegun , whom robert plant described as a close friend and conspirator .
quite frankly , the charges that he faces make it unlikely that the it will be rescheduled .
president bush declared kiowa county , kansas , a major disaster area , making federal aid available to people and communities affected by the storm .
they re beginning to get on my nerves .
both sides said the meeting will also deal with easing daily life in the west bank , including the removal of some of the checkpoints erected after the outbreak of the second palestinian uprising in september .
the requests were made at a preliminary hearing by michael mansfield , a lawyer representing mohamed al fayed , whose son , dodi , was killed alongside diana in a car crash in paris years ago .
brazil produced a ruthlessly efficient performance to beat old rivals argentina on sunday and win the copa america for the second time in a row .
in response , georgia has formed a west nile task force .
officials have said , americans are at risk of losing their homes as billion worth of mortgages reset to higher interest rates over the next two years .
a majority said obama seemed to be the stronger leader during the debate , percent to percent , and by a more than to ratio viewers thought obama was more likable during the debate .
at one address , officers had to use an earth mover to gain entry , police said .
first of all , i believe that life on earth is at an ever increasing risk of being wiped out by a disaster such as sudden global warming , nuclear war , a genetically engineered virus , or other dangers .
a fifth man , former soldier stephen green , has been charged in a civilian court in kentucky with murder and sexual assault .
the sniper sprayed a county courthouse with bullets , killing a police officer and wounding two people .
however , pyongyang could not confirm the international delegation s visit until it had verified the transfer .
four wild elephants died in similar circumstances in the region three years ago .
the humanitarian issues are vital to south north relations , lee said .
don t discount the americans , though , like katy perry , the eagles and perennial grammy favorite alicia keys .
the government plans to have a number of major state owned enterprises listed on the stock market to bolster their capital and provide a fresh boost to the market .
the second seeded sharapova beat tatiana perebiynis .
elsewhere , stormy weather moved through the south monday night and
but a week later , the chungs said the pants had been found and refused to pay .
south korea has tried to protect the won against speculation and major fluctuations in value by limiting overseas dealing in the currency to government approved money traders .
new york cnn a nude photo of france s first lady was auctioned thursday for , , about times more than anticipated , the christie s auction house said .
the police and fire department began clearing roads and pumping water out of cellars tuesday .
gore who is one of voters top choices for the democratic presidential nomination even though he says he s not running implored lawmakers to adopt a list of policy prescriptions to stop global warming .
in the book , adventurers in search of the mines find gold , diamonds and ivory .
tuesday s announcement makes chicago the latest in a string of municipalities to encounter troubles with their municipal broadband initiatives because of ballooning budgets and dwindling usage that s led to scant revenue generated by the projects .
and in order to reach a consensus , all sides need to make relentless efforts .
all managers and consultants accused in the collapse of former national carrier swissair were acquitted thursday and will receive compensation totaling more than . million swiss francs us million euro . million , the leading judge said .
the taliban , al qaeda and other militant groups are fighting thousands of afghan and foreign troops in afghanistan .
yet top pictures typically consume roughly of total box office .
but the organization s resolution did not mollify everyone .
the consortium said it would prefer to agree on a deal with abn s management but indicated it would go direct to shareholders if necessary .
iran has no relinguished its right to the nuclear fuel cycle and never will do .
now , some officials in new york are considering the same kind of system .
fingerprints will still be the big player , bush , assistant director of the fbi s criminal justice information services division , told cnn .
france s presidential race remains wide open two months before the election , with socialist segolene royal apparently rebounding and a dark horse centrist candidate slowly but surely becoming a serious contender , a new poll published wednesday suggested .
the extended tours apply to troops currently in iraq and those about to be deployed .
he is quoted discussing ways to provoke saddam hussein into a confrontation .
there are a number of armed groups operating in the south of the country , demanding more rights for the ethnic groups in the region .
he criticizes obama s tax plans , in what he says is a shrinking definition of the middle class
in tehran , the deputy head of iran s atomic energy organization , mohammed saeedi , ruled out suspending enrichment , saying such demands were against iran s rights , the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and international regulations .
us officials say about one third of colombia s output of tons of cocaine a year now passes through venezuela , most of it going to america and europe .
you didn t have the largest banks in the country unwilling to lend to each other .
gaza officials say at least civilians have died since the invasion began .
officials have reported uncovering at least two other plots to kill putin on foreign trips since he became president in .
the england winger swept in from six meters from didier drogba s cross on minutes after the ivorian had proved too strong for daniel agger , beating the defender before firing low into cole s path .
one u . s . official described him as a very bad , bad guy .
children are more vulnerable to the effects of air pollution because their lungs don t fully form until they are adolescents , the american academy of pediatrics noted .
chen says he was asked by phone to perform such an operation once , but turned it down .
a local police spokesman refused to give further details , but kyodo news agency reported that the man put a sign reading stay away on the car window .
the slugger returned to the starting lineup on friday night , and went for with a walk saturday .
the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners also said security officers had been threatening dissidents relatives and neighbors in an attempt to get information on the whereabouts of those involved in last month s anti government protests , which were brutally suppressed by the military .
television footage showed blood at the scene of the bombing and several people lying motionless on the ground .
this must not be the case for the polar bear .
paek s attendance in the regional forum has not yet been confirmed .
the survey s margin of error is plus or minus percentage points .
the chances of korea entering the u . s . visa waiver program has increased after the u . s .
the long time republican state that s now been declared up for grabs .
on the th , the lowest average in our survey was wichita , kansas .
prosecutors raided the office of grand national party gnp chairman kang jae sup in daegu , wednesday to secure evidence on an allegation that one of his office workers paid for a party members fine .
the international atomic energy agency has praised the recent agreement by the koreas , the united states , japan , russia and china on steps to end north korea s nuclear weapons programs .
they smell the outrage in much of america , and this morning , senate banking committee members are pressing the obama administration over the millions of dollars in bonuses paid to aig executives who helped send the insurance giant , hat in hand , to uncle sam
brown and finance minister alistair darling said the plan would ensure the flow of money between banks and their customers .
malibu mayor pamela conley ulich first contacted starr , now a law school dean at pepperdine university in malibu .
francis hospital in colorado springs , told cnn that several victims were taken to the hospital .
the bbc has quoted president roh as saying a peace settlement together with economic development would be his aim .
the japanese fantasy spirited away won the award for animated feature film .
the web site of pkk s military wing quoted a commander who blamed erdogan himself for the deaths of the soldiers and the pows that we now have .
challenging the capital relocation project , one of president roh moo hyun s campaign commitments during the presidential election , a group of people filed the petition with the constitutional court on monday morning , asking it to decide whether the law is in line with the constitution .
the duchess of cornwall , the second wife of prince charles formerly known as camilla parker bowles , is to undergo a hysterectomy operation at the beginning of march .
south korea s central bank is expected to stand pat on the key interest rate for the fourth straight month in december to bolster economic growth amid volatile local financial markets despite growing inflationary pressures , a poll showed tuesday .
the comprised the largest single group of defectors to be granted asylum here .
it has to do with detroit , the shortage of cash , and all the fear in the auto industry .
but his biggest break financially came from inventing and producing jeopardy in the s and wheel of fortune in the s .
myanmar , also known as burma , has become the focus of international pressure to curtail the violent repression of its citizens .
the sermons in question became the subject of scrutiny earlier this week after being highlighted in an abc news report .
a bbc correspondent in ghazni province says military forces have surrounded the area as the efforts continue to try to bring the hostage crisis to a peaceful resolution .
brown , too , has been under intense pressure from human rights campaigners to send a message to china .
on friday night , spears grabbed an electrical shaver at a san fernando valley salon and shaved her head completely bald .
critics are worried about mainland style suppression of dissent in hong kong , although the government insists that is not a concern and that constitutionally protected liberties will not be harmed .
signs that beijing was trying to rein in its startling growth earlier this year led to a temporary fall in shares .
reached at his home in chicago , levy said he had no idea whether the journal s timing of the publication on thanksgiving was intentional .
i have withdrawn newcastle united from the market , and for me will be the year in which we drive the club forward together .
owner tokyo electric power company said more radiation was discharged into the sea , following the magnitude . quake , than was earlier reported .
it is part of a collection of pieces that is expected to bring as much as million , she said .
addressing the mujahedeen in iraq as my brothers , he said , you have done well to perform your duty , but some of you have been late to another duty , which is to unify your ranks and make them into one line .
ma had been under investigation since november for allegedly remitting half the money from a special taipei city expense fund into his personal bank account .
they also are looking closely at what may be two key pieces of columbia debris a foot centimeter piece of one wing , including an attached chunk of thermal tiles , and a pound kilogram cover of a landing gear compartment , possibly the site .
there s a definite sense that you have to pinch yourself , cameron said monday at a news conference .
no one gets too bothered about anything , she explains .
one of the defenses of the bush administration , in the american public and on a worldwide basis and it s not been successful in my opinion has been that , ok , we must be more correct in our actions than the world thinks because great britain is backing us .
nine dlp lawmakers reacted angrily to the parliamentary motion , holding a banner and chanting slogans in front of a speaker s podium .
so sharp is the decline that governments from the region are scrambling to protect their traditional fare from becoming an endangered species .
pizzeria near the church .
adam air ceo adam suherman told cnn the airline is not surprised by the air transport office s announcement .
gaza city , gaza cnn a truce between israel and gaza s hamas leaders will take effect thursday morning and last for six months , hamas officials said tuesday .
ten cars were damaged in the early afternoon blast that sent a dark cloud of smoke over the mansour district of the iraqi capital .
concern over the potential that such protests would tarnish the olympic movement .
the message from ayman al zawahiri , the top aide to al qaeda chief osama bin laden , appeared on an islamist web site .
israeli president shimon peres called haniya s comments a pathetic attempt to move international attention from the crimes of hamas and the islamic jihad of shooting at innocent civilians .
another man , dressed like an insect , flings himself onto a giant sized windshield with a giant sized splat .
this involves six parties , with china in the share .
al jazeera broadcast an audiotape last month on which a voice identified as bin laden s declared iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
south korea on wednesday voiced opposition to the much touted option of bringing north korea s nuclear problem to the u . n .
leading up to the vote , the united states repeatedly pressured seoul to again vote yes .
numbers of users are likely to double over the next year as more people buy personal computers and turn on to this new information tool .
despite the fact that the sea takes up percent of the world s living space , just percent of it has been properly studied and sampled , according to the united nations environment program unep .
engineers used heavy equipment and dynamite to chisel a , foot long meter long spillway through tons of rock and soil that slid off the hillside during the earthquake .
china recently surpassed the united states as the world s largest greenhouse gas emitter , according to a june report by the netherlands environmental assessment agency .
him sarun said the crash site is thought to be between kamchay and bokor mountains in kampot province , about kilometers miles southwest of the capital , phnom penh . but he added that it had not yet been located by rescue teams .
the taliban said the remaining seven hostages would be released soon .
former prime minister goh kun yesterday launched a civic organization to reform broken politics , in a move widely seen to prop up his bid for the presidency .
the plan for darfur from now on is to achieve a cease fire , including an end to aerial bombings of civilians
separately , the korea alliance against the korea u . s . fta , a coalition of about civic groups , also rallied in major cities including seoul , busan , gwangju , daegu , daejeon and jeju .
study participants who used a web site program they picked out were getting minutes of exercise per week , on average .
many scientists believe human activity that increases those gases is contributing to global warming .
several armed groups in the niger delta are campaigning for resource control or the right of impoverished local communities to gain greater control over oil revenues from their lands .
earlier , the leaders of the anglican church called for international action to prevent violence in zimbabwe reaching horrific levels .
during his tour of the west bank , the palestinian authority will aid u . s . security teams in protecting the president .
according to her friends , parvez wore the hijab when she started school at applewood heights last year . but after getting teased about the head scarf , she stopped wearing it a few months ago .
sharif s brother shahbaz sharif , also charged with corruption , said their party will challenge the deportation in court , the report said .
stobbs said some participants just want to try it out during the weekend , and those with full time jobs don t necessarily want extra work for the long term .
he gets to have all the fun stuff and the press conferences .
however , we were shocked that they also changed the victim s sentence to be six months in prison and lashes .
now people or more come each night .
president george bush failed to mention korea while listing the names of its allies in his address to accept his nomination as the republican candidate for the next presidential election .
she said there were no military around during protests she witnessed on sept . .
i was delighted and relieved to hear of margaret s release , he said . i am grateful to the nigerian authorities for all their help and i hope the perpetrators will be swiftly brought to justice .
if you wanted to win this tournament , you had to make putts , woods said . and i just happened to make them today .
are we citizens of earth alone in the universe ? it s a question that has long fascinated astronomers , sci fi authors , kids with backyard telescopes and hollywood executives who churn out spectacles about alien encounters .
sunday s statement follows a december personal letter from u . s . president george w . bush to north korean leader kim jong il , urging his government to fulfill its end of the bargain .
he has already accepted the resignation of defense secretary donald rumsfeld , key architect of us policy in iraq , following the poll defeat .
the precise reason for the increase is not known .
hutchinson said he appeared to be in apparently good health tanned and well nourished .
he added , at the same time , the insurgents got inside the gym near the front of the building and shot point blank three or four of the people working out i believe that was where the american may have been killed .
barroso , who traveled a path from maoist student activist in the s to prime minister of a conservative government and a supporter of the war in iraq , has promised to lead the commission with a strong hand .
under the february deal , north korea agreed to initially shut down and seal its main nuclear reactor at yongbyon by mid april and also allow un inspectors back into the country .
because the alcohol is not in liquid form , we can sell it to people below , said project member martyn van nierop .
a high ranking federal source had earlier told cnn that the agents wounds included deep lacerations , concussions and fractures .
even when they don t have power , they turn on their generators and watch .
although longer in duration than the barrage that launched the war hours earlier , the bombing lasted barely minutes , hardly on the scale of the bombings .
earlier thursday , clinton personally apologized to rival obama for shaheen s remarks .
he is yet to win a major title after false starting at the worlds , missing with injury and finishing fifth at the last olympic games .
sharmarke was attending the funeral of mahad ahmed elmi , the director at capital voice a second fm station of horn afrik .
none of the cuts include baristas or store managers , and none of the jobs being left open include store employees or district managers who oversee store operations , the company said .
specialist barker was among four soldiers accused in the rape of the girl and the murder of her family . the three others sgt paul cortez , private jesse spielman and private bryan howard are facing court martial proceedings .
say thanks
with the backing of entertainers including the singer juanes , who appeared in medellin , protests or moments of silence also were organized abroad by colombian embassies and consulates in poland , france , brazil and new york .
calling the situation in afghanistan increasingly perilous , he says he s received warnings that al queda is actively planning attacks
united nations ap the united nations on wednesday reduced its estimate of the global population in by million , primarily because of the prolonged and worsening impact of the aids epidemic and lower than expected birth rates .
hong arrived at the office in seoul around p . m . as hundreds of reporters were waiting for the appearance of the wife of the nation s largest conglomerate .
the constitutional court said tuesday it will rule thursday on the constitutionality of a law authorizing the independent probe of president elect lee myung bak s alleged financial misdeeds .
also , children seem to be taking longer to outgrow milk and egg allergies than they did in decades past .
in the middle east , israel continues to pound hamas targets in gaza , moving in on gaza city today .
fischer , who endorsed obama last fall , later removed the post from his blog and replaced it with an apology .
area residents joined police and fire department divers in searching for those missing .
within a two year period , gold said he encountered five patients with delusions related to reality tv .
the significance of the change was unclear , but it follows unusual developments in the north , including the removal of portraits of kim from public display .
tokyo , japan cnn the u . s . military imposed tight restrictions on all personnel in okinawa wednesday , limiting troops to bases , places of work or off base housing , amid a furor over the arrest of a marine on suspicion of rape .
suddenly there was a big bang , and flames came out of the plane , mohan adhikari , general manager of the katmandu airport , told the associated press .
the largest fine ever imposed by uefa and had to play their first four champions league home matches behind closed doors .
a score of mainly kurdish independents also got in , the first kurds in the assembly since the early s prompting wild celebrating in their troubled eastern heartland .
those militants have launched actions against turkish troops from northern iraq and have been fighting the turkish government forces in southeastern turkey , where the violence has been steady .
but a spokesman said the government has succeeded in keeping the rapid expansion under control .
sharapova , who has been fighting a string of injuries and said here she was being hampered by a sore shoulder , has not won a title this year and has never reached he final of a claycourt tournament in her career .
another way is simply to ignore the problem on the idea that no one has the right , has the standing , to sue to stop her from being secretary of state .
steve king of iowa , a friend of tancredo s who shares his tough approach on immigration , announced he was backing former sen . fred thompson of tennessee instead .
at least people were killed , hospital officials said sunday .
new york mayor michael bloomberg wants the da to go after the hospital management for the failure to report the gunshot wound .
nigersaurus also had a backbone consisting of more air than bone .
up until now , what has not been asked seriously on a systematic basis is , is there some way that some of that extra carbon dioxide may be scavenged effectively out of the atmosphere ?
park geun hye elected as the grand national party s new leader .
separately , the pope noted south korea s notable successes in scientific research and development . but he said such research must be carried out with firm ethical standards that always respect the dignity of human life .
several dozen people were arrested after refused to go home and clashed with police at the end of the rally , police sources said .
film director ritchie s spokesman made no immediate comment .
it followed a candlelight vigil by some , protesters in seoul on saturday .
but by then the ship s entire crew , and passengers from more than a dozen nations including britons , dutch , americans , canadians and australians had been evacuated , according to the tour operator .
protesters gathered outside the french supermarket carrefour in several chinese cities including the northwestern city xi an , and the northeastern city harbin and eastern city jinan , the agency reported .
a deal was struck february , in part because of an agreement to resolve the dispute over the frozen funds within days .
the taliban are demanding seoul withdraw its troops from afghanistan , something the south korean government said it had planned to do at the end of this year in any case .
the amin family fled uganda when idi amin was ousted by tanzanian backed ugandan rebels in .
cars were backed up on many roads as police struggled to stop some protesters from approaching the presidential office of chong wa dae , which is only a few kilometers away from seoul city hall .
seoul ap seven subway officials were detained monday by police pending issue of arrest warrants in the subway fire that killed at least people last week in south korea , authorities said .
the dow shows a point gain .
later , an unmanned aerial vehicle spotted two burning vehicles and coalition forces arrived within the hour .
it was started two years after the bulletin began as a newsletter among scientists of the manhattan project
. keep a list of your child s medications with you at all times
australia s downer , who attended the scene of the crash , dismissed concerns that the cause of the crash was sabotage .
winehouse , , has had a tumultuous months since she was named best female british act at last year s brits .
on friday , iguaran arana said initial dna results will be checked against tests being done in european labs to verify the child s identity .
we re going back to the soviet union , back to the communist party of the soviet union .
her supporters were also arrested .
newcastle owner mike ashley has abandoned his attempt to sell the premier league club after failing to find a buyer .
and political development in turkey that had sapped support for the group .
you re , jane fonda is for god s sakes and looks just tremendous , and more than looks great , has this palpable sense of vitality , letterman said . it radiates .
kim kwang kee of inje university , said about out of universities reported cases of violence , incidents of property damage and traffic accidents due to the drunken behavior of students between and .
it certainly pleased us that the characters were considered real , because that s what we try to do .
more than , cleanup workers have died since and , have been disabled by radiation in ukraine alone .
the bank said it discovered the fraud over the weekend and confirmed it was an isolated case .
another marines who came into contact with him are having their movements restricted and are taking tamiflu .
to both save a little money and enjoy a hike , you can buy a rambler ticket to the top of the aiguille du midi , but only halfway back down .
australian citizen benjamin potts and british citizen giles lane , both members of the sea shepherd conservation society , jumped on board the yushin maru no . tuesday to deliver a letter saying the vessel was violating international law and australian law by killing whales .
today the nation still has an independent stance on major issues and is majority owned and run by kenyans .
william s training attracted controversy when he landed chinook helicopter in a field on the property owned by his girlfriend kate middleton s family .
likely democratic primary voters would be equally happy if either candidate won the nomination , and they don t see a lot of difference between them on several top issues .
according to the u . s . national snow and ice data center , in the past years , the western antarctic peninsula has undergone the biggest temperature increase on earth
treat yourself to a breakfast of just caught fish at one of the many sushi stalls and restaurants at the market .
a lower court had ruled san francisco acted illegally in issuing marriage licenses to same sex couples in .
the creator of such games as populous , syndicate , magic carpet , theme park , and dungeon keeper , he is one of the few ambidextrous game designers .
it s also only compatible with sdhc labeled hosts , not standard sd .
sunday , an internet user posted a one minute sex video on yammy , the portal s page for user created contents ucc .
the smallest grave is believed to hold people , while the largest has as many as bodies , said verdier .
we do not accept this , and we will not allow it .
the band will perform the rolling stones hit , i can t get no satisfaction and chuck berry s johnny b . goode .
some members of the ruling shiite islamist alliance repeated allegations denied by us officials that americans and iraqi troops under their command had tied people up at the mustafa mosque in north east baghdad s sadr city and shot them in cold blood .
ingolstadt based audi , a unit of volkswagen ag , said it sold some , cars since january , up . percent from the comparable period last year .
on saturday , turkish aircraft pounded the border area for more than two hours in hopes of routing pkk rebels , yawar said .
i particularly admired the strength and sweetness of his voice in the lyric mozart parts and the imagination and commitment he brought to contemporary works , james levine , music director of the metropolitan opera , said in a statement . he was also a warm , generous colleague with a great sense of humor , who always gave his very best .
reads a slogan inside north korean jet cockpits , sailors cabins and army guard posts .
the trust could eventually total tens of millions of dollars , possibly up to million , according to officials drafting plans for the fund .
holding photos of the year old , about members of her national league for democracy party shouted free aung san suu kyi as they staged a rally outside the party s headquarters in myanmar s largest city , yangon .
former president kim dae jung on wednesday expressed his willingness to support the government s efforts to find a breakthrough in the ongoing standoff over north korea s nuclear programs , hinting at his future role as a peace envoy to pyongyang .
in they published a comparison of educational attainment ratios for countries between and .
even more so because andersen didn t even know ausnes name . andersen can t explain it either .
zardari will take no part in upcoming elections which will be contested by his father and bhutto s widower asif ali zardari .
the video contained a still picture of al zawahiri , the audio remarks and english subtitles .
while people their s and s have the lowest accident rates of all drivers , at some point in the mid s this rate starts to climb again , warden said .
the issue of the internet and the spinoff of that has been literally crippling our investigation , boren said . police said publicity about sander s explicit photos brought a flood of tips , many of them false leads .
but officials say the taliban rebels issued a new ultimatum soon after that deadline expired .
other members of the troika are the united states and russia .
gunfire broke out sunday afternoon outside the presidential palace after thousands of haitians , including the rebel leader guy philippe , marched through the capital alongside a convoy of armed united states marines , calling for a new government and a new army in haiti .
the man , whose name was not released , remains in custody while police investigate .
. breathe hard more often
at least people have been killed and others injured . . . as a result of heavy snow , state run radio reported .
however , the girl is four years younger than california s age of consent , although the law does allow year olds to marry with parental consent .
put illegal immigration on the national agenda .
the footage , recorded by a scorpions member who apparently believed it would never become public , showed the men taking bosnian muslim civilians from a truck with their hands tied and lining them up on a hillside before spraying them with machine gun fire .
an at t spokesperson did not immediately return a phone call .
sgt michael poston said at least people were taken to hospital , two with life threatening injuries .
but now it also offers two fine inns , several upscale restaurants and trendy shops .
like barksdale and martinez , gadiesh abhors bureaucratic doublespeak , and the unthinking conservatism it usually reflects .
if you are looking for something more offbeat , try the museo la specola , a zoology museum where you can find eerily accurate wax models of corpses , a multitude of stuffed animals and other victorian museum curiosities .
combs recently placed third in hip hop cash kings rankings by the web site forbes . com , which put his income at an estimated million .
the pro government uri party said chung s decision is regrettable , while the main opposition grand national party gnp hailed it .
the intelligence agencies knew there was a threat and we told her not to go .
the safe haven in pakistan .
researchers from the university of alabama in birmingham reported their study at the yearly meeting of the american college of rheumatology in san francisco , california .
it was a triumph of skill , courage and endurance in which , as a nation , new zealand took enormous pride . . .
analysts said that icahn might have sold all of his shares already .
at least , houses were inundated , some with chest deep water .
cochran said the man had not left his home since .
the next four games went with serve before murray held his in the th , winning with an ace .
he dangled his infant son and his morbidly altered face just gets weirder .
the report , issued july , follows an october accounting by the defense department s special inspector general for iraq reconstruction , which put the number of weapons missing at close to , .
the researchers suggest , million dollars be provided each year to help fight these diseases .
participants , who must be postmenopausal women under the age of , will have their risk of heart disease tested on five occasions during the year to see whether change occurs .
four minutes later , client was in the hotel , lewis told kristen in another call .
news photos showed the derailed train laying at the bottom of a ditch , with rescuers removing passengers from a carriage that had fallen onto its side .
next year is shaping up to be an eventful one for travelers .
yeltsin was a decent man and he could not stand political intrigues .
i think we ll be doing this on an experimental basis in two years , said schwartz , professor of neurobiology at the university s school of medicine .
few tourists or residents had expected much trouble , but they woke to dangerous winds , closed airports and forecasts of a direct hit .
a presidential statement said nasir ahmad latifi , a council head of the qezelbashan ethnic group , and a year old child were killed .
witnesses said a rotor blade hit a three story building , causing the helicopter to fall in a ball of fire .
more than , different genes in mice have been studied with the technique , the nobel committee said .
top taliban leader mullah dadullah lang has been killed in a military operation in southern afghanistan , nato s international security assistance forces said sunday , confirming earlier reports by the afghan government .
msnbc has canceled its imus in the morning simulcast , the network announced wednesday .
he added that final confirmation will be made when the two leaders meet in washington this week .
i am very happy to be here , to come back to where it all started , ward said during a news conference at a hotel in central seoul yesterday .
part of the problem , he says , is that contestants these days are too media savvy and don t let their true personality show through .
meanwhile , south africa has said it won t stop a shipment of weapons from china being transported across its territory to zimbabwe .
wall street opened lower this morning on news of more unemployment and less consumer spending .
diana and boyfriend dodi fayed were killed when the mercedes benz limousine they were traveling in hit a pillar in the pont de l alma tunnel in paris .
turn right , you can land runway one at teterboro .
the court session comes just a day before he begins a month long trip back to england , for which the court granted him permission tuesday .
on friday , the iaea decided to suspend nearly half its aid projects in the heavily scrutinized country .
but despite its size heathrow has only two runways , and the government and airlines have for years called for the construction of a third .
meanwhile , kim said he could not clarify whether a ransom was paid to the taliban for the release of the hostages .
they also removed any limit on how many terms he can serve as president .
the woman said she sought an flds divorce , known as a release , from jeffs but was denied .
chinese foreign minister wu dawei arrived in seoul on sunday for high level talks on the dispute , and officials worked out an oral agreement during hours of talks that ended monday night .
it profiled several people , many of them college professors , who are for the first time making six figure incomes .
that is similar to the , , genes estimated for humans .
they are projected to transport more than , passengers daily .
the seoul metropolitan government sued mbc television seeking . billion won .
son of legendary film couple sunil dutt and nargis , the heavy set actor has been on bail since after more than a year in prison during initial investigations into the blasts .
earlier , christian and taoist groups in hong kong sought to calm fears through prayer .
but here , in the confines of the georgia aquarium in downtown atlanta , it s impossible not to see the giant whale sharks particularly when you re in the middle of their fish tank .
but they said the tracks are still a sobering testament to long ago journeys across a harsh terrain .
the us said earlier this week that the money had already been transferred , but the north appears to think otherwise .
the film shows the happiness and sadness of life .
and daniel day lewis , who is receiving great notices for his work as a misanthropic oil baron in another critics favorite , paul thomas anderson s there will be blood .
submissions selected by cnn i report producers will go back into second life for residents to view throughout the virtual world .
yoon je yong , engineering professor at the school , will emphasize pollution and other environmental problems it could cause .
hussein s government fell in early april , and iraq s new government executed him in december .
filippo inzaghi scored a last gasp equalizer after ronaldinho fired in a superb meter free kick as italian giants ac milan hit back from two goals down for a uefa cup draw at portsmouth .
for years , israel has occupied the west bank and gaza strip , home to million arabs .
on sunday in hong kong , shi s mother , gao qingsheng , insisted her son was innocent and that the family would press ahead with the legal action .
they ve got to be the most disappointed , and i m sorry for them .
fifa will give any penalties for n . k crowds uncontrolled behavior .
between , and , americans have been infected with hiv .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
hundreds of thousands protested , and the president s cabinet offered to resign last week .
along with beijing , south korea , russia and japan have been participating in the talks , which were spurred after north korea defiantly conducted its first known nuclear weapons test in , prompting international condemnation and sanctions .
the ministry of information and communication admitted on tuesday the nis traced a total of , phone calls or messages last year , up . percent from , in .
a senior aids expert has warned that hiv in india is out of control .
moscow , russia cnn at least two sailors died and were missing sunday when five ships sank in storms in the black sea and the azov sea , the official russia today web site said .
sheehan achieved national attention when she camped outside president bush s home in crawford , texas , throughout august to demand a meeting with the president over her son s death .
for white limestone cliffs spotted with the deep green of gnarled pine trees , try the southernmost tip of salento .
both groups agreed to phase out , of the current , troops stationed in the war torn country as early as the first half of next year at a policy coordination meeting last friday , according to reports .
korean born golfers rounded out the top five , marking the first time that players from a country other than the united states took the top five spots in an lpga tournament .
defense chiefs of the two koreas are to meet in pyongyang next month to discuss various military related issues , including a plan to create a joint fishing zone in the yellow sea west of the korean peninsula .
ninety percent of those who battle anorexia and bulimia are female .
just yesterday evening , helicopters from a portuguese frigate foiled a pirate attempt on a norwegian oil tanker .
the celestial rock , discovered by two japanese astronomers in , was formerly known as gt .
it s wonderful to be able to just see your friends after work , to be able to go home and sleep in your own bed .
the market is now really looking at a barrel as the next target to hit , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore .
earlier , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad warned that us authority in the region was rapidly collapsing , and iran would help fill the void .
the package was humming and vibrating suspiciously , so police took no chances and sent out a team of explosives experts .
so one called on his cell phone .
last year a member of the disbanded group
ferguson sprung a tactical surprise by playing rooney , ronaldo and ryan giggs as a three man attacking midfield unit to support smith , recalled for only his fourth start of the season , as the lone striker .
the buyout was aimed at averting a bankruptcy and a spreading crisis of confidence in the global financial system .
before the service , bush received a briefing on the shootings and their investigation from virginia tech president charles steger . afterward , he was granting interviews to news anchors from nbc , cbs and abc .
the plan is not a quick fix .
rhie won bok maintained , however , that his depiction of jewish control of american media and politics was based on fact and commonly believed .
japan plans to return remains of koreans who were forced to work in japan at the time of wwii .
russia is working with the us on how to transfer m in north korean funds currently frozen in a bank in macau , a us treasury official said .
in asia stocks swung heavily thursday , with hong kong s hang seng falling sharply by . points or . percent to , .
mccain capped the night by taking california and its delegates .
former newspaper baron conrad black is in federal prison .
the much anticipated round of layoffs comes on the heels of another , job cuts in late january .
french president nicolas sarkozy and german chancellor angela merkel rejecting the plan as unwieldy .
in london , the british museum said it would also send a team , and it called on the united nations to ban the sale of antiquities looted from iraq .
she was rescued nine days later in a mission by u . s . commandos and is recovering from injuries at a military hospital in germany .
the men will be treated like members of the u . s . military during their judicial proceedings , he said .
beaks all derive from similar looking tissues in very early bird embryos , said jill helms , an orthopedics researcher at uc san francisco .
doctors have removed a small , malignant growth from presidential spokesman tony snow s abdomen , but they determined the cancer had spread to his liver , the white house said tuesday .
south korea has accepted the proposal .
i express my sympathy toward the comfort women and apologize for the situation they found themselves in , abe told a parliamentary debate , using a euphemism used by japanese politicians to refer to former sex slaves .
as he fell injured the audience started to applaud , oblivious to the fact that hoevels was really hurt , britain s telegraph newspaper reported .
but even the open road wasn t big enough to handle uribe s dream of celebrating a budding romance and his success in losing about pounds .
the sakharov prize , named after the late soviet dissident andrei sakharov , is awarded by the eu assembly annually to a person or group judged to have made a particular contribution in the field of human rights or the promotion of democracy and the rule of law .
the temple mount is where israeli solders brought him after his capture .
the barbarism perpetrated on march , , has left a deep imprint of pain on our collective memory , an imprint that stays with us as a homage to the victims .
kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban leaders said on sunday their fighters would kill remaining south korean hostages if the afghan government did not release rebel prisoners by a new deadline of gmt on monday , a spokesman said .
and more people than usual are expected at the denver airport today because it s been socked in by snow
former president calls on two koreas .
they shouted , hunting for the nobel peace prize winner .
four out of girls in the united states get pregnant at least once before age , according to the study .
speaking to cnn from moscow as the group of eight summit got under way in germany , gorbachev said the u . s . proposal which includes installations in poland and the czech republic means that europe is becoming a target again .
the hotel , the only one at the malam jabba ski resort , sustained significant damage , he told cnn .
wednesday is the deadline for the government s public consultation on whether a third runway should be built .
in addition , people were wounded of them critically . the casualties occurred when two suicide bombers rammed their explosives laden vans into the vehicle convoy .
the leaders of north and south korea have signed a joint declaration calling for a permanent peace deal on the korean peninsula .
none of the perpetrators has been caught from the series of bombings , which killed four anti syrian figures , wounded two others , and occasionally have struck public areas , killing three people .
the companies expect to export their first vehicle within a year to latin american or eastern europe , and models should reach the united states and western europe within years , said tom lasorda , chrysler s chairman .
it is outrageous , he added , according to an excerpt from the interview that were posted on antena s web site .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
no one should be shocked by these results .
jerome verdier , chairman of liberia s truth and reconciliation commission headed a team that visited the four villages where the graves are located .
prison officials have said hicks will be kept in a meter wide foot wide single bed cell similar in size to the one he left in cuba .
obama may reverse bush policies on stem cells , drilling , abortion
and instead of presents he brought death and destruction .
he did so after the remains of a red canoe he paddled into the north sea , off northeastern england , washed up on shore near his home in seaton carew in march .
solealbiscione . it .
the workers said republic gave them three days notice that they were losing their jobs , telling them bank of america had cut off credit to the company .
ak party sources told reuters that gul would visit opposition party leaders on tuesday to try to garner support for his bid .
chrysler and ford saw their dealer ranks fall by about from late .
locals angry about the rising number of foreigners arriving in south africa had set homes ablaze .
before going to pyongyang , lim said he would try to receive a direct response from kim jong il to seoul s proposal for a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear issue .
a second blast happened five minutes later , kilometers about miles away at a snack shop in kothi market a commercial area with large crowds .
david axelrod tells abc s this week that new york federal reserve bank president timothy geitner is a perfect fit for treasury secretary .
sen . joseph lieberman is urging google inc . to take down youtube videos that he said al qaeda and other terrorist organizations use to encourage violence and disseminate propaganda .
the summer heat and humidity result in greater use of air conditioners , boosting electricity demand .
iraqi security forces and u . s . led coalition forces were on the scene of the attack .
michigan governor jennifer granholm was going to beg for the auto industry getting a piece of the rescue pie .
tonight is a really special night for me , kaka said after being handed the trophy .
secret documents on japan s world war two plans taken secretly out of the country more than years ago , have been returned to japan , the only nation ever to suffer an atomic attack .
in an interview monday with a japanese sports daily , a north korean official said that pyongyang would accept a ruling by the world s governing soccer body to play its world cup qualifying match against japan in bangkok on june behind closed doors .
hotenough . org is for fit , good looking people .
you know , this election is about trust , and trusting people s word , and unfortunately apparently on several items , sen . obama s word cannot be trusted , mccain said in louisville , kentucky .
sens . gordon smith of oregon and chuck hagel of nebraska called two brave republicans by senate majority leader harry reid after the vote joined democrats in opposing the amendment .
the draconian measures have already proved controversial , with amnesty international labeling the system as discriminatory and a violation of basic human rights .
samuel provance told the associated press .
six out of council seats that were reserved for proportional representation also went to the gnp candidates .
the videocassette recorder may never achieve the historical status of the steam engine , printing press or pc , but there s no denying that it s one of the great inventions of the th century .
honda envisions the device being used by workers at auto or other factories .
the family said it remained committed to preserving the journal s independence and integrity and were willing to meet with murdoch to determine whether they could be assured those qualities would continue under his ownership . they also said they would consider other offers .
lebanon has suffered a series of bombings during the past two years , mostly targeting anti syrian figures , but tuesday s attacks were the first that seemed intended to cause maximum casualties among civilians of no political affiliation .
hacker also reported that spears seemed to have a lack of general attention at times but added there was nothing she would characterize as abusive in a traditional sense .
the saddest part was that i couldn t fulfill my dream of taking my girlfriend out to eat .
there are still many voters unheard from yet , and i think that our candidates both have the capacity to inspire , to bring out a big vote that will hold us in good stead in november , and i think that now is not the time for anybody to weigh in .
young urban chinese , and a growing minority in the countryside , are like their counterparts from brooklyn to bangkok
jett travolta was taken by ambulance to rand memorial hospital in freeport and was pronounced dead on arrival , police said . can you relate to the loss of a child ?
man yi was moving east northeast at mph kph as it reached the tokai region after ripping through the southernmost main island of kyushu on saturday , the meteorological agency said .
smaller accidents accounted for up to damaged vehicles , according to media reports .
melanie sloan , the wilsons lawyer , said the couple plans to appeal thursday s ruling .
the economy was the dominant issue of the debate , and percent of debate watchers polled said obama would do a better job handling the economy , points ahead of mccain .
two from great britain , one from france and one from sweden . among the missing is one of the owners of the dive company , an employee said .
france made a similar offer to take in jailed farc members in december , but is pressing ever harder for freedom for betancourt , who holds dual french and colombian citizenship .
several major cigarette producers blend turkish tobacco in their products .
that was far fewer than the numbers predicted by organizers , who hoped to top the several hundred thousand people who turned out for a london rally to contest britain s role in the march u . s . led invasion .
four people are dead in illinois after the crash of a medical helicopter .
i was surprised to find out that , before you made this record , you were wondering whether you wanted to continue in the music business .
the suspension means no further commonwealth programs will be carried out in pakistan , and pakistan cannot participate in any of the organization s business , said michael frendo , the foreign minister of malta who chaired thursday s meeting .
the attorney general added that the policeman received injuries after being attacked with bricks and iron pipes .
vesnina , the world number , showed her potential as she broke on her way to a lead in the second set but henin then
spanish and other european intelligence agencies told spanish police that the suspects were acquiring bomb making materials .
non tobacco industry lawyers think the fda may be overstepping its authority .
overseas remittance
the brothers are now working on a scholarly paper .
continued negative press about a fruit , vegetable , or beverage is enough reason for many of us to banish it .
the korea times reports the government plans to freeze public utility and transportation fees to rein in surging consumer prices in the wake of the growing costs of crude oil and other raw materials , to help improve the livelihoods of the low income bracket .
tepco was criticized after revealing that monday s quake caused more than malfunctions at its niigata plant .
as well as the bali bombings of , jemaah islamiah ji is accused of carrying out a string of other crimes , including an attack on the australian embassy in jakarta in as well as a car bombing at the city s marriot hotel a year earlier .
sri lanka s air force intensified bombing raids on rebel positions monday after a suicide attack killed a cabinet minister and others , military officials said .
the sarkozys have been the subject of gossip for years .
galetzka is now examining the evidence that his team believes indicates the arrival another giant earthquake , and possible tsunami .
the newly reunited british girl group s cd will be available starting november at victoria s secret stores and on the company s web site in the u . s . , capitol music group said tuesday .
a yard interception return by steelers linebacker james harrison at the end of the first half .
firecrackers and white balloons were set off and crowds waved white and blue reunification flags .
robert contacted french diplomats , who took up the allegations with dubai authorities .
howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation .
steve martin married girlfriend anne stringfield during a ceremony at his los angeles home , his publicist said .
a rookie prosecutor was assigned to a serious case , and i will investigate whether he properly reported his actions , kim said .
because of a traditional preference for male heirs , many chinese have aborted female fetuses , according to human rights groups .
holding tight to his mother , he returned to class for the first time monday in a makeshift school under the cover of a donated tent .
seoul submitted the deal for national assembly ratification last fall , with supporters outnumbering opponents .
democrats have gained the final seat in the battle for the us senate , sealing their mid term poll victory in both houses of congress .
your last boss was a miserable person whose main concern was making your life miserable .
a meeting on iraq with the joint chiefs of staff .
police arrested three protesters who ran out in front of the torch though the relay was not disrupted .
despite the unwelcome attention , pitt told king that he wants more children with jolie . we re just getting started , he said .
federal lawsuit the human rights group filed in u . s . district court in san francisco , yahoo spokesman jim cullinan said such a matter is better suited for diplomacy than it is in the legal forum .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has accepted his ruling liberal democratic party has suffered utter defeat in polls for the upper house of parliament .
portly and balding , walton is hardly a glamorous hollywood figure , and yet he s doing press with stars travolta and cyrus , walking the red carpet with them and drawing the film s biggest laughs .
don t drink coffee or tea on an airplane
russia will push for the resumption of the six party talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program before the end of this year , a russian parliamentary leader said here tuesday .
we re seeing a lot more turnout and a lot more interest and that s driven a lot of our efforts to meet the needs of the american voters overseas , said a state department spokeswoman .
the suppliers used by the big three also employ an estimated , people .
in the united states , first lady laura bush published an essay in the wall street journal urging support for suu kyi and her followers .
the woman and her translator were unharmed .
cnn and the associated press generally do not name people alleging sexual abuse .
he stressed that the talks were an initial working group meeting .
the government says the numbers are inflated , and that many victims were either communist rebels or their allies killed in the communist movement s internal purge .
a customs search of stallone s luggage during a february visit to sydney revealed vials of the human growth hormone product , jintropin .
underdeveloped countries such as uganda , tanzania and kenya discovered they had what vacationers from developed countries sought raw wilderness rich in animal life .
the board of trustees at the korea advanced institute of science and technology kaist tuesday decided not to allow its beleaguered president robert b . laughlin to lead the university two more years .
charismatics are rebels who fight convention .
korea last week and became the most searched item before it was removed .
the arrays are similar to those installed in september by the sts discovery crew .
surveys show that slightly more of us were exercising in than five years earlier .
however , the president noted , it s important to make sure he is not wasting taxpayers money .
it is the first time during his year rule that the general has indicated he may be ready for dialogue with suu kyi .
despite hillary clinton s landslide victory in kentucky , barack obama has won a majority of pledged delegates in the race for the democratic nomination .
citing an official in washington , the report said the u . s . government has begun a review of several north korean accounts at the bda following a recent seoul government intelligence report that said the accounts appear to contain legitimate funds .
under the city s trap neuter return , or tnr , project , a cat will be caught in a trap , neutered by veterinarians , then released where it was captured after three to seven days of recovery .
the two presidents signed an accord calling for greater peace and economic partnership , despite the two countries remaining technically at war with each other .
lali has caused a sensation in the dusty village of saini sunpura , miles east of new delhi .
another strategy is something called community supported agriculture .
iraq is under occupation and the judicial system is illegal , unjust and not independent , al dulaimi said .
the head of us forces in iraq , lt gen david petraeus , has told the bbc that fighting the insurgency is a long term endeavor which could take decades .
sony makes the battery but says its own vaio laptops do not use it .
national hurricane center specialist richard pasch says a strong weather system coming off the continental u . s . is racking the storm .
closer to the border , north korea built a propaganda village , kijong dong , with clean apartment buildings .
now , come , travel back in time .
people in china forced to be sterilized .
columbia s crew had completed plus scientific research experiments during their time in orbit .
when the indian born rushdie started his romance with the model more than years his junior , the british tabloids made much of their differences in age and intellectual stature .
li also called for an end to the eu s arms embargo , but said china did not need to buy any of its weapons .
kinney said she chooses coffee bars and intersections because they are places where she can find a captive audience
but it won him a woman . as a bunch of geeks , we have to say , bernie , hats off to you .
n . k . defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing .
and now , because of the internet , we can all be first year medical students .
raymond jacobs , believed to be the last surviving member of the group of marines photographed during the original u . s . flag raising on iwo jima during world war ii , has died at age .
after leaving the white house , the couple returned to live in austin .
as takeshima day , which awaits a floor vote in the plenary session wednesday .
apple this morning says it s not a recurrence of pancreatic cancer , but a hormone imbalance .
in return for this the u . s . decided to take such political and economic measures for compensation as de listing the dprk as a terrorism sponsor and lifting all sanctions that have been applied according to the trading with the enemy act . this has laid a groundwork for making progress at the plenary session of the six party talks to be held in the future .
he described meeting with a myanmar three star general who opened up a map of the country and pointed to the areas worst hit by the cyclone .
chances of a quick release seemed remote after leaders of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , rejected a request by france , switzerland and spain to treat and possibly rescue her .
that margin is among the slimmest measured between to the two candidates and is significantly less than the double digit lead clinton held there two weeks ago .
the couple met three decades ago as students at france s school for the political elite and had four children but never married .
from december , the troops who found the complex also killed people they said were terrorists and detained suspects , according to a statement issued by multinational division north at camp speicher in tikrit .
two times champion rafael nadal showed no mercy on italian qualifier flavio cipolla , sweeping him aside to reach the third round of the french open on thursday .
ifill appeared on nbc s meet the press .
the ford boss on the paul w . smith show on wjr radio in detroit .
plain clothes security police , their long lens cameras clicking away , kept close watch over the nld ceremony from across the road .
you couldn t ask for a more alarming declaration of noble intent than the authentically scraggly black beard leonardo dicaprio sports as roger ferris , cia point man in iraq , syria , jordan , dubai and other spots in the levant .
eighty six people came out of the mosque s madrassa or islamic school on tuesday , including women and three children who arshad said were rescued from the clutches of the militants .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke echoed the bleak assessment of the economy in comments to lawmakers , reiterating that the fed was ready to act aggressively and throwing his support behind other efforts to counter the risk of recession .
still , the small number of striking workers was able to disrupt services because it represented train drivers , conductors , and others crucial to the operation of the lines .
campaigning in tokyo , abe acknowledged that he and the ruling liberal democratic party would be fighting a very tough battle in the polls .
nine years in the making and costing . million , a lot by local production standards , the new film aims to cement deng s place in china s history .
a top democrat and committee member joined specter on sunday in warning gonzales to answer questions fully .
spanish captain and goalkeeper iker casillas saved penalties by daniele de rossi and antonio di natale to leave cesc fabregas to beat gianluigi buffon with the deciding kick .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s gen . pervez musharraf said sunday that elections will go ahead in january despite a state of emergency that he said was needed to tackle extremists and ensure free and fair elections .
corporate sponsors are using the event to raise their profiles in china s rapidly growing consumer market .
basically you cannot have something with a hoof walk on plastic and not poke a hole in the plastic and let water into it , said leroy lippert , chairman of the county emergency management commission . hogs , they have a tendency to root and that would not have been good either .
neilson oliveira lima disappeared from his home in the rural community pupuai on september , said amazonas state police officer ailson carvalho .
simpson has said that he entered the man s room with a group of friends , one of whom was posing as a potential buyer , after being tipped off that some of his personal items were for sale there .
some of the worst flooding to hit north korea in decades has killed at least people , double the previous known toll , the official news agency said at the weekend .
the democratic election is largely symbolic after an internal party row .
india said its forces killed nine gunmen .
the korea times reported this morning that a u . s . expert has said north korea is unlikely to implement the second phase of the landmark feb .
polls taken as iowans entered the first in the nation caucuses show a tight race for both parties .
there was also concern tuesday about the quality of relief supplies reaching storm victims .
goetz scheduled the next conservatorship hearing for may
video showed the group , still in uniform , laughing and hugging family members .
her co stars , philip seymour hoffman , amy adams and viola davis , earned nominations in supporting categories .
former massachusetts gov . mitt romney has delegates , and former arkansas gov . mike huckabee has .
in belize city , chyla gill and her family were evacuated to a concrete shelter , reuters reported .
but he said the president would wait for the recommendations of gen . david petraeus , the u . s . commander in iraq , and the american ambassador in baghdad , ryan crocker , before making any decisions .
the mouse is the only mammal , whose genome has been sequenced .
using natural catalysts to perform chemical reactions carbon sciences hope to bypass the problem of inefficient energy ratios which can render many co recycling projects pointless .
the widow and five children of chile s former military ruler , gen augusto pinochet , have been arrested on charges of embezzlement .
though clinton has yet to concede the democratic race and spoke wednesday of what she would do as president , she told the america israel public affairs committee that obama understands what is at stake here .
india said its forces killed nine gunmen .
the boy s parents were also trapped but were rescued by local residents , china central television said .
the latest survey has a margin of error of plus or minus . percentage points .
he was wearing a black shirt , dark pants , black hat .
bernier said the canadian embassy in tehran will be headed by a charge d affaires for now . we strive to keep our lines of communication open , he said . . . . as always , canada remains prepared to receive an iranian ambassador provided a suitable candidate is presented .
it also focuses on how the society actually worked , with rooms dedicated to the lives both of the ruling elite and the ordinary citizens and how spirituality was expressed in art .
russia has warned strongly against putting a kosovo independence plan to the vote , threatening to block it .
the group was trekking through the khao sok national park in surathani province late saturday afternoon when a heavy rainfall caused flash floods that sent water surging through the cave , which was near a waterfall , pichan said .
a gas station in caulfield , about miles west of west plains , was destroyed by the storm , according to the assistant manager of a neighboring station .
the north korean government and civic delegations will arrive in the southwestern city wednesday to participate in the celebrations , which continue through saturday .
if cairns is where australians play , melbourne is where they work .
such loans , however , were very expensive given that few korean investors have credit records abroad .
obama , campaigning in iowa , told reporters sunday he s flattered that one of bush s allies started attacking me the day after i announced his presidential run i take that as a compliment .
the shootings took place in the town of crandon , in the north of the state .
a dutch court will hear a complaint lodged by muslim groups seeking to bar wilders from releasing the film march , but there is no legal barrier preventing wilders from releasing his film before then .
the u . n . called for a halt to hostilities , but israeli prime minister ehud olmert said at the cabinet meeting that the operation is liable to continue for some time , perhaps more than can be foreseen at the present time .
according to ministry officials , chun is expected to suggest how to reduce the possibility of koreans staying illegally in the u . s . and how to increase trust between the two countries immigration authorities .
the interior minister , michele alliot marie went to the scene .
chicken without sexual life has been transformed into steamed pullet .
bush is expected to reiterate anbar s success in a major address thursday night .
all passengers and crew escaped from the british airways flight ba from beijing .
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke told congress thursday that the central bank is keeping a close eye on the subprime mortgage crisis as well as the recent spike in oil prices .
their daily routine follows the same pattern
daschle is currently billed as a special public policy adviser in the washington office of the lobbying firm alston bird , though he is technically not a federally registered lobbyist .
he s already been charged in texas with bigamy , and aggravated sexual assault of a child .
london , england cnn scotland yard and downing street both said wednesday they have launched investigations into how top secret british intelligence documents on al qaeda and iraq came to be left on a commuter train by a senior civil servant in the uk s cabinet office .
the cause of the crash of the f c has not yet been determined .
the pond at the sixth hole has a beware of alligator sign .
the american people want our troops home , one woman shouted . watch petraeus say how surge has worked raquo
using information from death certificates , wagenaar and the co authors compiled the number of deaths caused by alcohol , such as alcohol poisoning and alcoholic liver disease , and deaths linked to alcohol , such as cirrhosis and chronic pancreatitis .
we want to stress that this object is not a threat , said dr . timothy spahr , director of the international astronomical union s minor planet center .
a few days after reagan died on june , , wyman broke her silence , saying america has lost a great president and a great , kind and gentle man .
there are rooms on eight levels , four above ground and four below .
but she will face questions about former president bill clinton s charitable and business dealings , specifically what s been done to make sure they will not pose a conflict of interest .
duke , a month old st . bernard , had to be rescued by firefighters after he fell through the ice on a golf course pond in billings , montana .
those things are tools that a clown uses .
one of the most impressive functions linked to the site is the climate change machine which allows users to peer into the recent past of changes that have happened to the climate including annual co emissions and average global temperatures rises .
the budget for red cliff was more than million huge by chinese standards .
china s communist party first implemented the one child rule three decades ago amid fears that the country would not be able to feed a skyrocketing population .
two recent outbreaks one involving peanut butter , the other involving tomatoes and hot peppers have put the agency on the spot , so the fda has asked the pentagon , homeland security , agriculture , and the cdc to lend a hand .
i coughed up and a nail came up through my throat .
but , abe s remark appears to be only an effort to deflect u . s . criticism over comments he made last month that there was no proof the government or the military had forced the women , many of them korean , to serve japanese soldiers in the brothels .
officials say the idea is to make it more difficult for government contractors to bilk taxpayers , and make a half trillion dollars in yearly business more open to independent contracting .
beijing , china cnn police in central china have jailed a year old woman for posing as a teenage rape victim on the internet , an official and state media said wednesday .
that means scientists have underestimated the mass of saturn s rings .
ignore them , and you might find yourself delayed or denied access to your destination .
the foreign ministry identified the latest victim as year old shim sung min , a former it worker .
cnn quoted a cia official as saying it had high confidence that the tape was of al zawahiri , the second in command of al qaida .
the group singled out north korea and iran in a statement of concern .
the potentially explosive announcement came as lee was filling the posts of his inaugural administration , with kim yet to receive approval from the national assembly as the spy chief .
vegas forget about it , it was amazing .
the dead were from the royal air force and british army , browne said .
any patient requesting euthanasia must be conscious when he makes his demand and must repeat his request .
the one laptop per child program and intel said friday that the chip maker would join the board of the nonprofit and contribute funding .
the poll of polls is an average of the latest state surveys .
i am a man who has lived days afraid of being arrested for a crime i did not commit .
his execution marked the first time china has imposed a death sentence on an official of his rank since .
sen . abdullah haqahaqi said if karzai rejected the resolution , it would be voted on again by the lower house and if two thirds of lawmakers were in favor , it would become law .
we all thought that the intelligence case was strong . rice said , speaking to cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer , just hours before an interview with tenet was set to air on cbs news minutes .
the legislative process is sometimes not very pretty .
minneapolis officials have called for a minute s silence on tuesday evening to mark the moment the bridge fell .
getting the bridge to the construction stage was not easy , said keith martin , vice president of koda development , a joint venture between the incheon city government and amec , a multinational public works company , based in london , that is managing the project .
economist peter marisi at the university of maryland doesn t think that was necessary
the unpopular tax led to rioting in the streets .
a week without violence would help that along .
the web site s mission
michel , meanwhile , said that the lack of stability in the nation is good news for the extremists and anti democratic forces .
he is survived by two sons and a daughter .
europe began feeling the effects of emma late friday night , according to deutchscher wetter dienst dwd , germany s national weather service .
asian stocks plunged monday , dragged down by last week s decline on wall street and on the yen s strength against the u . s . dollar .
new york cnn brace yourself in her upcoming movie , mary kate olsen locks lips with ben kingsley .
the increase in requests for re homing is attributed to the financial crisis .
seoul , south korea ap one of korea s last princes lives out of a two seat van packed with books , laundry and an electronic range .
the world shipping industry s newspaper , lloyd s list , ships will lose their femininity and will be referred to as it , not she .
the aircraft had taken off from a base in curacao as part of joint interagency task force south , which conducts counterdrug operations in south america , a u . s . military official told cnn . the official declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak publicly about the event .
we expect that the council s sentiment recognize what it means to us when our national capital is attacked , he said .
this is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , the speaker in the five minute audio recording says .
he said beatings she received in her childhood caused her phobia .
washington has dismissed concerns that tokyo s diplomatic conflicts with beijing and seoul have impeded cooperation on the six nation talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear weapons program .
ivanovic , , has now won five of her six meetings with kuznetsova , with whom she has traded the second and third spots in the world rankings this year .
the photograph , shot in july in brewster , shows an year old helen sitting outside in a light colored dress , holding sullivan s hand and cradling one of her beloved dolls .
the frontrunner throughout the campaign , lee promised economic reform aimed at raising annual growth to seven percent per year and establishing south korea among the world s top seven economies .
the comment cast a chill on the south s euphoria that the first kaesong products would accelerate inter korean economic cooperation .
provision of safe water is the highest priority in controlling an outbreak of cholera , according to the who .
one year old woman was transferred to a hospital where both her legs were amputated , he said .
during our tour , we saw plaster casts of some of the bodies archeologists found .
he was saying he was fine , the son told cnn . he s absolutely up and about , being able to communicate and eat food .
tokyo is a fantastic city at any time of year , but there are some annual events you won t want to miss .
the hurricane center expected noel to produce up to to inches of rainfall over the island of hispaniola , which includes haiti and the dominican republic .
nevertheless , he adds , most of the problems seen in the study were related to the surgery itself .
police denied there had been violence following the announcement of the result , which was contested by odinga s party who accused the government of doctoring the count .
members of the military and the police also are barred , to keep the forces from being politicized .
health experts say you can gain the most from a walking program if you walk about five kilometers an hour for thirty minutes a day .
complications causing brain damage in one or both , or not going through with the surgery .
angelopoulos estimated the storm s power was equal to the energy released by a magnitude . earthquake .
the former prime minister told the bbc this year that he had avoided talking about his religious views while in office for about years for fear of being labeled a nutter .
those killed in a warehouse execution at srebrenica are spread throughout secondary grave sites , for instance .
the recent incident of indecent exposure on a live musical program on mbc has brought different reactions from newspapers , with conservative dailies heavily criticizing the broadcaster and moderate media remaining cautious on the issue .
bessmertnova was born in moscow to a doctor and a homemaker .
she didn t volunteer the information until black dropped the hint , joking that the couple will have as many as the brady bunch when you have these .
the basic law on conservation stresses community participation and provides the basis for environmental impact assessment .
the bitter exchange continued the sharp confrontations from monday night s democratic debate in myrtle beach , south carolina .
in australia , two children in new south wales and one child in queensland have been hospitalized in the past two weeks after swallowing the beads .
if i had a single word , the word would be women , said cnn political analyst bill schneider . she got the women back .
at the party klein threw to show off his new bar and theater , harrell was ready .
instead , the pc is returning to the pinnacle of video game graphics thanks to some under the hood tweaks in microsoft s vista operating system .
a key question at roflcon is what makes one meme succeed when thousands of others fail .
shares declined about in extended hours trading . the federal government said monday it was restructuring aig s bailout plan , buying billion in preferred stock , reducing its original billion bridge loan to billion , and cutting the interest rate by . percentage points .
cnn actress cameron diaz talks candidly about love , guys , friends , family and charting her own course .
about chinese and south korean residents staged a noisy demonstration in new york opposing tokyo s bid for a permanent seat on the u . n .
gambari was reporting to the un security council after his second visit to burma following the violent suppression of anti government protests in september .
in a message carried by the north korean state news agency , kcna , a pyongyang official stressed the need to resourcefully settle the issue of inter korean relations by the nation itself through national cooperation .
in the decades since everest more than a few new zealanders have headed off into unpaid labor around the third world , inspired by hillary s service .
but she hasn t ruled out playing against the men .
steven walker , a former top national security agency cryptographer , says opponents want to know why law abiding citizens should give the federal government the key to their private communications .
if you are the hub of a large network of people that is , if you have a lot of connected friends or a wide social circle
at u . n . headquarters monday , ahmad fawzi , spokesman for the un au mediation team , said the absence of several rebel leaders was disappointing , and pressed them to join the process .
calls for a revision of the current romanization system for the korean alphabet , hangul , are gaining more ground as confusion continues on the roads , signboards and government documents after the introduction of the current form in july .
in bauby s memoir , published just two days before his death at , bauby calls his submerged state the diving bell .
the chinese students wore identical shirts with the slogan one dream , one nation , and many of them had chinese flags painted on their faces , according to witnesses .
great lakes states are bracing for several inches of snow .
but northern soldiers peered south through binoculars and cameras , and grimaced at visiting journalists .
hello kitty s dream light fantasy is then scheduled to travel to malaysia , singapore and the united states over its three year run .
u . s . attorney christopher j . christie , in a news release issued wednesday , accused aragoncillo of betraying his marine uniform , his adopted country and the trust bestowed on him as an fbi analyst .
korea university was granted a student quota of .
as we head into the final week of the presidential campaign , democrat barack obama in what he calls his final argument , compares republican john mccain to little more than a clone of president bush .
wash everything , down to the mattress pad in good detergent .
other super yachts featured in the gallery are australian businessman james packer s arctic p , and a french owned yacht which french president nicolas sarkozy has spent time enjoying on vacation .
potential presidential hopeful newt gingrich on tuesday blasted the modern day road to the white house as too long , too expensive and verging on insane .
janszky said he came up with the idea for the study after last spring s time change , when he was having problems adjusting .
the international contest is organized by the italian cultural association moca in collaboration with arte laguna and is aimed at promoting contemporary art .
mimicking his master , priest joei yoshikuni , a year old black and white chihuahua named conan joins in the daily prayers at naha s shuri kannondo temple , sitting up on his hind legs and putting his front paws together before the altar .
afghan president hamid karzai condemned the attack in a statement issued by his spokesman and expressed his deep sorrow at the martyrdom of a number of afghan mps .
the iranians did not go into any great detail , he said .
the statement , co signed by ritchie s representative , says the couple had not agreed to a settlement .
saudi interior ministry spokesman gen . mansour al turki said were initially arrested , and are still in custody .
the officials are based in southeast turkey , where the military has been battling separatist kurdish rebels since they took up arms in .
finance minister fukushiro nukaga has said he will stand , but the most likely candidate , former foreign minister taro aso , has yet to make an announcement .
the center specializes in mental health and substance abuse services , according to its web site .
the united states , however , finished low in each test and in adult literacy .
human activity specifically , carbon emissions from fossil fuels are very likely the culprit , the report found .
bolt was trimming two hundredths of a second off the record previously held by fellow jamaican asafa powell and for good measure relegated world champion tyson gay to a distant second .
i . lewis scooter libby , former chief of staff to vice president dick cheney , will appeal his conviction on federal perjury and obstruction of justice charges if he doesn t get a new trial , libby s lead attorney said tuesday .
the countries have signed several peace agreements in the past , only to see renewed violence flare up .
the international community has roundly called the election allegedly marred by violence and vote rigging a sham .
ruud van nistelrooy opened the scoring for the dutch after minutes but , with the home side squandering a host of chances , christian poulsen levelled minutes after the break .
the environmental group said indonesia s carbon rich peatlands are being razed , drained and burned to make way for plantations of oil palm trees , which are used for the production of palm oil .
this was a rise of , square kilometers of desert from the first desertification survey in .
. take a tech free break
south korean foreign minister song min soon cautioned that the country should be prepared for a protracted ordeal , noting that other hostages in afghanistan had been held an average of days .
video of the aftermath showed debris littering the streets near the blast site , where a plume of black smoke climbed into the sky .
coast guard petty officer henry dunphy has more information on the search
both concluded that the couple s driver henri paul was drunk , was driving too fast and that the deaths were an accident .
but with the fight for the nomination nearly deadlocked and the reality that winning both florida and michigan is crucial for the democrats to take back the white house in november , there s now a movement toward letting both states vote again .
she urged the security council , charged with investigating the use of child soldiers , to expand its focus
in his weekly radio address recorded before he left , bush says this last christmas of his presidency is a time of taking stock .
he quickly snagged a short lived food network series , a cook s tour , and later jumped ship to star in no reservations , which debuted in .
but he said strong growth over the past two years and the creation of millions of new jobs provided a new momentum , a new basis for further growth .
a disc can store a two hour movie at a low resolution suitable for small screens .
at stake are delegates to august s democratic national convention in denver .
i have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , kennedy wrote then . but for the first time , i believe i have found the man who could be that president not just for me , but for a new generation of americans .
by late morning the shares were trading at . yuan . each , with the overall benchmark shanghai composite index down . percent at , . .
in one study of adults who had been adopted at early ages , researchers found that the subjects levels of fatness were much closer to those of their biological parents than to those of their adoptive ones .
she then switched attorneys and is now represented by drunken driving specialist richard hutton .
local uaw leaders are meeting tomorrow to talk over what concessions they might accept to help the auto makers stay in business .
south korean passenger planes have occasionally been allowed to fly to the communist country , but this will be the first cargo plane to travel to the north .
divers were also in the water .
in an exclusive interview with the korea times on the occasion of its th anniversary sunday , the anchor turned candidate advocated the u . s . centered foreign policy .
fifty three percent of those questioned say obama would better handle the current financial crisis , with percent saying mccain would do a better job .
i congratulate him on a great tournament and wish him luck for the french .
the local currency closed at . won against the dollar , up won from a day earlier , as the rate reduction weakened sentiment in the greenback .
the gators grabbed the lead on jonathan philips yard field goal with left in the fourth quarter .
people have also become a danger to the forest .
dozens more were apparently abducted in the worst fighting since rival factions hamas and fatah agreed to form a unity government in a february deal .
under the terms of the deal , pyongyang has pledged to close its yongbyon reactor within days in return for fuel aid .
during the session , north korea reportedly asked for an implementation of the words for words principle and proposed that participating countries reach an agreement on how to turn the korean peninsula into a nuclear free zone .
i can understand the eagerness of the international community to see the return to calm , israeli foreign minister tzipi livni told european foreign ministers in jerusalem . this is our dream as well . this is what we are looking for . unfortunately , there are those who cannot accept the idea of living in peace in this region .
chief u . n . climate scientist rajendra pachauri , who shared last year s nobel peace prize , said last month that he was having nightmares about the prospect of the low cost car , reported the associated press .
abe has faced growing calls for his resignation , but said he was intent on staying to push through his reforms .
victory comes with patience , haniya said in the speech televised on hamas al aqsa tv .
all nippon airways grounded its entire fleet of bombardier planes and the government ordered emergency inspections on tuesday after the front landing gear on one failed to descend , forcing the aircraft to make an emergency landing with people on board .
a recording of comments sunday by black entertainment television founder bob johnson that appeared to criticize obama s admitted past drug use were played on martin s show .
another golfer whose name has already been splashed all over the sports pages , wie is back from an injury she suffered in and ready to make her mark on the ladies tour . her performance at qualifying school wasn t particularly remarkable
surrounded by about a dozen policemen and wearing her trademark white headscarf , bhutto went to the home of nizamuddin sammo , a year old supporter who was killed in the blast , and met with his mother and two sisters , promising them financial assistance from her pakistan people s party .
in march , the british government announced the budget for building the olympic venues and regenerating east london had leapt to . billion pounds from the billion pounds estimated in the bid documents . part of that new
the study looks at the responsiveness of drinking .
we stand with the people of pakistan in their struggle against the forces of terror and extremism , bush said . we urge them to honor benazir bhutto s memory by continuing with the democratic process for which she so bravely gave her life .
cosby said his church had not received any threats directly ahead of wright s scheduled appearances .
richie had a previous dui conviction , in june , involving alcohol .
he said the crisis had opened up new channels of communication with tehran that it would be sensible to pursue , and he said it was the right moment to reflect on relations with iran .
an attack on london s public transport in killed people , and the country is on its second highest alert level .
in a statement , fila president raphael martinetti said the swedes showed a serious lack of olympic spirit .
one of the bullets struck the mayor s heart and he went into cardiac arrest , according to nagasaki university hospital spokesman kenzo kusano .
can the can lights
the rate represents the fastest pace of price increases since eurostat started keeping records years ago for the countries that launched the common currency in .
in medicine , you can t force treatment on a person who doesn t give their voluntary informed consent , said dr . sondra crosby of boston university , one of the authors .
it also offered to send observers if a second round of elections was warranted .
cnn the biggest showcase in the build up for the olympics begins on monday , march , with the lighting of the olympic torch in ancient olympia , greece .
the new york medical examiner says it was an accident that actress natasha richardson died because of bleeding in her skull , brought on by her ski slope fall in canada .
saudi arabia s interior ministry has confirmed the arrests of scores of suspects in an anti terror sweep related to a terror plot involving attacks on senior officials and government oil , military and security installations , according to a statement posted on the state run saudi press agency web site .
banafsha clutches the bag tight as she walks from building to building , eyeing who will help and who will not .
protesters in karachi , meanwhile , reportedly opened fire on two police stations in protest as bhutto remained under house arrest in lahore , according to the associated press .
in australia , the all ordinaries index closed with a . percent slide .
stockhausen was considered by some an eccentric member of the european musical elite and by others a courageous pioneer in the field of new music .
however , bush said he did not recall having raised the issue during a recent telephone conversation with the king .
it is cold enough in minnesota to hammer a nail into a board with a banana left outside sound of hammering .
guinness spokeswoman kate white said the organization would analyze data expected from strel and his support team to determine whether he established a new record . she said it usually takes six to eight weeks to review such applications .
the pakistani supreme court , packed with judges appointed in recent days by president pervez musharraf , dismissed five major petitions against him monday contesting the validity of his re election , the nation s attorney general said .
i m very sorry , and from now on i m going to pay complete attention to everything .
breast cancer patients with low levels of vitamin d were much more likely to die of the disease or have it spread than patients getting enough of the nutrient , a study found adding to evidence the sunshine vitamin has anti cancer benefits .
london , england cnn the head of the anglican church has moved to defuse the row he sparked by suggesting that that some aspects of muslim sharia law could become part of uk law .
secretary general kofi annan warned world leaders on tuesday that international law was being shamelessly disregarded and cited the u . s . abuse of prisoners in iraq as an example of such violations .
the centerpiece of bush s brazilian stop the first before he headed on to uruguay , colombia , guatemala and mexico was a new ethanol development agreement .
navies from south and north korea will test the hotline between their military vessels via an international standard radio frequency on a trial basis to head off accidental armed clashes in the poorly marked maritime border on the west sea .
that s generally taken as a sign that the movie is a stinker , though not always .
basra police said the bombing sparked fighting between sunnis and shiites in the predominantly shiite city wednesday night , leaving four people dead and wounding six others .
a red costumed santa claus waving to the crowd , an iraqi flag draped over his shoulders
referring to the fact that moratinos did not meet with dissidents in cuba , rice said she was concerned that they get the right message , which is that the free world stands with them and is not prepared to tolerate an anti democratic transition in cuba .
temperatures across europe have been lower than average in recent days , with cold arctic air pushing over the continent from the north .
he said the taliban leadership wanted the release of taliban prisoners held by the afghan government and the withdrawal of german troops from afghanistan as conditions for the freedom of the hostages .
en route from japan , cheney welcomed the british decision to hand security to domestic iraqi forces and withdraw around , troops from southern iraq over the coming months as an affirmation of the fact that there are parts of iraq where things are going pretty well .
according to naver , the nation s largest portal and search engine , sunday , the suicide of actress jeong da bin drew the most concern of internet users in the shortest time .
interaction isn t all by internet .
still , hundreds of double duty uses are already logged .
the company shut down the snack production line , and supermarkets are already removing them from their shelves .
south korea thursday strongly protested japan s recent efforts to step up its claim to dokdo , a group of rocky islets in the east sea , through an explicit distortion of textbooks .
what is important is to adopt necessary policies for our economy , he said during an online forum with internet users at chong wa dae .
west virginia had just delegates at stake , and those will be awarded proportionately .
other breeds affected include the shar pei and german shepherd .
while big business is global , and labor is national , we re going to be at a disadvantage .
he said the women , ages and , were hit by bullets .
her parents are being given regular updates but are not allowed to see their daughter during the operation .
this is definite and provable . but the decision on the case rests with the judge , ejehi said , according to fars .
the korea times reports south korea and the united states could reach a balanced , high quality free trade agreement , quoting wendy cutler , the chief u . s . negotiator for the free trade talks .
this will put millions of people in coastal regions at risk .
bonhams and butterfields auction house spokeswoman margaret barrett said lennon had apparently had one too many when he got behind the mic in the recording session .
kim , whose overseas visits are usually announced once they are over , held talks with president hu jintao , north korea s kcna news agency said .
looks like traders are trying to cash in on profits on wall street today , after a surge of more than on the dow the past couple of weeks .
south korea will consider allowing a visit by the tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama , in the event of a request from the public and buddhist circles .
very unlikely and impossible were the other choices .
high fuel prices have caused cutbacks throughout the airline industry .
the eight were kidnapped monday and freed the next day .
johnson later said he was referring to obama s community organizing efforts .
the previous four harry potter flicks all had bigger first weekends , ranging from . million to . million , but those all debuted friday .
pelosi , d california , said either candidate would be a great president .
the two recently published a book called scared of santa
customs officials were also planning to tighten their inspections of passengers .
is putting on a name tag effective ?
puerta was taken off after minutes and two minutes before half time getafe were reduced to nine players when david cortes was dismissed for a challenge on diego capel .
economist david wiese saying the jobless rate has been higher , but never before have so many americans needed unemployment benefits on an ongoing basis .
she also told the new york times that there s a lot of different ways that people are coming to public life now , and it s not only the traditional path .
parker , the year old san antonio spurs star who was born in belgium and grew up playing basketball in france , arrived about minutes later in a gray minivan , wearing a dark suit .
the latest airline quality rating found fewer late arrivals , denied boardings , mishandled bags and customer complaints in .
los angeles , california cnn former baywatch star david hasselhoff has been in the hospital to have something removed above his eye , his publicist says .
if the democrats can come together and agree on a nominee , most of the ill will could be just a memory by november .
one of the group s members told south korea to withdraw its troops and refuse to send more , or , we ll send you this korean s head .
six short films were unveiled in collaboration with the sundance institute .
but police chief tom boren insisted thursday that sander s internet activity had no connection to her disappearance .
germany goalkeeper robert enke is out of saturday s world cup qualifier against russia and next wednesday s match against wales after breaking his hand in training .
the area south of kabul where the germans and koreans were seized this week has seen a marked escalation of violence in the last month as taliban militants have moved in from the south .
in the presidential primary campaign , , absentee ballots were requested . four years later , there were , requests .
knut , whose legendary cuteness has doubled zoo attendance since his debut in march , is now months old and weighs about pounds .
my attitude is that sen . clinton can run as long as she wants , the illinois senator said .
president bush announced saturday that he will host the first of what could be several summits of world leaders to discuss the global response to the financial crisis .
it simply can t be the case that the political horizon can be built on the basis that one of the parties doesn t accept the other s right to exist .
phelps s team mate ryan lochte finished second in . after leading at the and italian luca marin was third in . .
the message includes no dated references , making it impossible to determine when it was taped based on its contents .
the films are up for outstanding cast , lead actor brad pitt and sean penn , respectively and a supporting performance .
a suicide car bomber killed people and injured people in iraq .
tehran , iran ap iran s former senior nuclear negotiator has been charged with passing classified information to foreigners , including the british embassy , the iranian intelligence minister said wednesday , according to the official irna news agency .
expectations are high ahead of obama s inauguration , senior aide david axelrod tells abc s this week that the administration will focus on an economy that he says will take time to fix
the estimated turnout of percent shows the intensity of the division in serbia and the intensity of the concern about this election , he said .
this has not yet bothered america s nike , which has emerged as the market leader .
his life and universe simon schuster , offers a comprehensive account of the th century titan .
nigerian gunmen have released a british toddler who was kidnapped in the country s oil rich south , a regional official said sunday .
gibbons , smiling and gripping the hand of her son john in the arrival lounge at the airport , said she was overwhelmed by the support she had received from british officials , friends and well wishers .
to ian paisley , i want to wish you the best as we step forward into the greatest and most exciting challenge of our lives .
the ruling comes during spears custody battle with ex husband kevin federline .
yonsei university s graduate school of public health surveyed , middle school and high school students .
the bill then went back to the house of lords , where its legislators first rejected three provisions of the bill .
the rev . adelir antonio de carli has been missing since sunday , when he lifted off from the port city of paranagua strapped to , balloons .
what do people do there ?
ten years ago , i wore the yellow jersey during five days . there are signs . i knew victory could not slip from my hands today .
the attacks have been concentrated in johannesburg s poorest areas , and many of the victims were zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances .
it also seeks to abolish the information agency , the architect of the controversial plan .
on four counts of child sexual abuse against dontee stokes .
speaking to the un general assembly , he claimed normalcy had returned to burma after days of pro democracy protests .
the united nations recently warned of a deteriorating humanitarian situation in somalia as a result of soaring food prices and a worsening drought .
baghdad , iraq cnn a string of car bombs shook mosul , northern iraq s largest city , on monday , killing kurdish troops and a civilian and wounding several others , u . s . and iraqi authorities reported .
it is an attempt to create a counterrevolution , akaydin said . it will be a breaking point .
maj . gen . mansour al turki , a spokesman for the interior ministry in riyadh , told cnn that al farhan was jailed because he violated the regulations of the kingdom .
iran and japanese firm inpex say they are close to finalizing a joint project to develop a big new iranian oil field .
shrugging your shoulders and saying , i don t know isn t going to score you points .
the massachusetts senator , a roman catholic who for months was reluctant to discuss his religion on the campaign trail , expounded on the ideology , values and convictions he said he would bring to the white house if he won the nov .
financial , housing and technology were the leaders on the downside .
mesirow financial chief economist diane swonk says , however , that there are bound to be bad days ahead , kind of like springtime weather in chicago
kim s return to seoul , possibly early next week , carries heavy political implications ahead of south korea s december th presidential election .
the house foreign affairs committee passed the measure wednesday evening , even though president bush and key figures lobbied hard against it .
park jae wan of the largest opposition grand national party claims to have researched online communities that link entertainment places and people for the past six months and found that , to , illegal korean emigrants reside in japan .
the year old chairman is suspected of masterminding a series of business malpractices to create about billion won million in secret funds through group affiliates , using the money to unlawfully transfer corporate wealth to his family .
the institute for research in collaborationist activities released the list of , notable pro japanese collaborators , marking the day japan annexed korea in .
authorities believe the kidnapping came from year old clemens tinnemeyer owing millions of dollars to drug dealers involved in the meth trade .
my intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth at least the truth as i see it , wilders told cnn .
the world number one , who had been given a bye into the second round of the claycourt tournament , was the first player to reach the last on a day when most of other players were still involved in first round matches .
the funeral will be private .
one of them described the emigration as a misinformation campaign and defended their lives under the government of iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
she added that her late husband would be elated a black man will be president .
in addition to its live stadium rallies , there are battlecry shirts and hats , books .
the company posted a net loss after preferred dividends of . billion , or . per share , compared to a profit of . billion , or . per share , a year earlier .
cnn turkish warplanes sunday carried out a new round of attacks against kurdish rebel positions in northern iraq , iraq s deputy minister of kurdish regional government forces said .
he declined hospital treatment in the last several days .
much of the violence is between supporters of kibaki from the majority kikuyu tribe and backers of opposition leader raila odinga , who is from the luo tribe .
powell s allows patrons to grab a book of interest and thumb through it over a cup of coffee in the store s spacious caf eacute .
australia s most wanted fugitive , a convicted drug mobster linked to the murder of a rival drug lord , has been arrested by police in greece after more than a year on the run .
the movement near the statue triggered a silent alarm at the museum s security center , but not before the masks were put on two of the warriors .
in europe , the bank of england cut its rate by half a point to . percent , while the european central bank dropped its rate to . percent .
gibbons also praised the kindness and generosity of the sudanese and said she would be sad to leave her job at unity high school and would miss her students terribly .
the tear shaped frame of the treetent is constructed from steel , covered in canvas and anchored to a tree trunk .
the violence has been blamed on mainly sunni muslim insurgents who want to destabilize iraq in order to undermine the us led occupation of the country .
to get a collection of letters like this nowadays is really a one off , it s almost unheard of .
the earthquake occurred at a . m . offshore at a depth of about miles , according to the u . s . geological survey . the epicenter was about miles northeast of tokyo .
iraqi exiles have drawn up ambitious plans , but are weakened by ethnic , religious and political divisions .
the paper s editor said the word had long been used by christians to refer to god in the malay language .
the boss and the company were harmed by the paint supplier , the closest friend of our boss , liu , the manager , was quoted as saying .
that s your world and it s nobody else s business , he recalls brando saying . it s not anybody s entertainment .
new york cnn sunday night is getting less steamy .
the idol judges can seem mean , but some college kids can be even meaner sometimes on facebook , but more often on a website called juicycampus . com .
syria has repeated denials that it has any nuclear weapons program , or any such agreement with north korea .
greenpeace conservation activists say they have disrupted the japanese whale hunt near antarctica s coast by chasing a factory ship out of the whaling zone .
there have been constant requests to alter the army s dress code , which follows the designs of the japanese and u . s . armies .
many bodies are still thought to be trapped under debris and rescuers say the odds of finding survivors are slim .
carroll was one of more than a hundred adults and children who were recruited for oz to play the natives of what author l . frank baum called munchkin country in his book the wonderful wizard of oz .
they ve said it s drugs or them , the babyshambles frontman said at a court appearance to review his progress in complying with a treatment order .
the agency also said pyongyang did not expect a solution to the nuclear issue during bush s term .
he said the driver suffered serious head injuries .
in contrast to the conciliatory tone he took in announcing the victory of the no forces early monday , he heaped scorn on the opposition s pyrrhic victory wednesday , saying that they re now filling it with sh .
those who did this will be arrested and tried , and will pay for this .
was admitted to the hospital in brownsville
sierra leone s civil war , during which drug fuelled rebels of the revolutionary united front ruf hacked limbs off civilians , drove many of its million inhabitants from the countryside .
it s hard to find al qaeda on the web
the event began in the early s as a celebration to honor bavaria and its royal family .
toyota said it would resume work at two thirds of its car assembly lines in japan on tuesday after an earthquake cut off supplies of key components to its factories , and it kept its global sales targets unchanged for .
last week , taliban militants attacked the same coalition outpost , firebase anaconda , in uruzgan province three times in five days .
the accompanying editorial suggests that there may be several reasons the ordinance may have led to a reduction in the number of heart attack related hospitalizations
hurricane omar is leaving the virgin islands and now making its way to the north atlantic at the buccaneer hotel in christiansted .
the fed move was approved on a to vote .
meanwhile , the senate panel has now put off a scheduled vote on the nomination of hilda solis as labor secretary .
the korea composite stock price index fell . points , or . percent , to , . after about the first minutes of trading .
under the law , the government immediately grants the status to foreigners investing more than million with five korean employees .
according to a media research opinion poll for the hankook ilbo , a sister paper of the korea times , lee topped the list of potential gnp presidential candidates with . percent .
nine of the deaths happened in southern georgia six in baker county , two in americus and one in taylor county weiss said .
she told me that one of her uncles wants to sell her to pay off a debt , raj told the associated press by telephone from a police station in faisalabad , the pair s hometown .
the dollar started the day at won , and fell to . won at around p . m . , its lowest point .
since then , biologists have caught several young fish .
saudi interior minister prince nayef bin abdul aziz said the kingdom is capable of maintaining security and preventing any attempt to threaten the safety of the pilgrims .
police arrested cast and crew members from the tv program , the chaser s war on everything , and impounded three vehicles , the australian broadcasting corp . , which airs the show , said on its web site .
in this system , every user has two keys a public one and a private one .
if i run like this in osaka , i can almost guarantee a . run .
if anybody still wants to talk about it , i will , she said .
cape town , south africa cnn sudan has asked south africa to mediate on darfur , the south african foreign minister said tuesday as attempts to end a conflict that has killed more than , and forced . million from their homes appeared to founder .
xue , who speaks virtually no english , was being held in the dekalb county , georgia , jail thursday afternoon , police said .
it follows on the heels of last month s peace talks in the u . s . in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final status agreement by the end of .
the uk bank said it had to cut its interest rate from to percent because business surveys had weakened further , suggesting the downturn was gathering pace .
the victory takes england to points from seven games , one point behind russia , who drew in croatia .
live video of the mission is available on nasa s web site , so it s possible the monitor is picking up a signal from somewhere .
she s got the state s first probable swine flu case on her hands , and says the feds have shipped out the meds and supplies to help minnesota deal with a possible pandemic
taliban militants said wednesday that they will not follow any order to release their korean hostages given by a tribal council meeting , dubbed jirga , slated for aug .
egypt protested angrily to israel on thursday and demanded a full explanation for what it called irresponsible israeli conduct after an israeli tank crew killed three egyptian policemen at the egyptian gaza border .
in april , organizers for the beijing summer olympics announced ambitious plans for the longest torch relay in olympic history an , mile , day route that would cross five continents and scale mount everest .
but holmes said the exact scale of the catastrophe is unknown because of the government s refusal to let disaster assessment teams into the country .
flowers that were sent to the former president s harlem office are being given to charitable organizations in the neighborhood .
cheon ho seon said that the independent counsel bill will be presented to wednesday s cabinet meeting and the president doesn t have any intention of vetoing it .
today is the start of hanukah , the day jewish festival of light begins at sundown local time .
nearly meat eating fish native to china have been found in a maryland pond where a pet owner dumped two of them in , state officials said amid concern that the fish will become a major threat to native species .
philip lahm and hitzlsperger combined passed before pander made room for a shot that left the unfortunate robinson with no chance .
he also reaffirmed the strong korea u . s . alliance , saying , compared to the previous administration , the new government will be more active in closely coordinating with the u . s . over north korea policies . he also dismissed speculation that there might be behind the scenes deal between north korea and u . s . nuclear envoys in singapore where they held talks last week .
britain s foreign secretary david miliband was due to arrive in islamabad on wednesday from kabul on his first trip abroad since gordon brown succeeded tony blair as prime minister .
the lake . . . may cause a devastating flooding if the barrier bursts , xinhua said .
the nato fleet was sailing toward the suez canal when it spotted the eruption .
malaysia urged the military regime on sunday to quickly hold unconditional talks with pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , who remains under house arrest , before the world pushes harder for political change .
visitors to u . s . face refusal under new online entry system
secretary of state condoleezza rice said the liberation of afghanistan and iraq s first elections are among her proudest accomplishments during her tenure .
officials say the biggest of the major wildfires burning in southern california was not arson .
a meteor , or shooting star , is usually the size of a pebble , or even a grain of sand , burning up in the atmosphere .
the victory means sweden secure their place in austria and switzerland by finishing second in the group behind group winners spain .
the way to continue our fight now , to accomplish the goals for which we stand , is to take our energy , our passion , our strength , and do all we can to help elect barack obama the next president of the united states , she told the packed crowd at the national building museum in washington .
ito was campaigning for re election to a fourth term as mayor of nagasaki on the island of kyushu .
the six party talks involving north and south korea , japan , china , russia and the united states started last august in an effort to resolve a dispute over pyeongyang s development of nuclear weapons .
the houses form part of a proposed complex to be based outside of aberdeen on the northeast coast of scotland , which will also consist of two golf courses , a hotel and holiday homes .
the death toll has reach about , lives and has left thousands displaced since the election .
cnn oil giant exxonmobil plans to sell off its company owned gas stations , saying they aren t profitable enough even with gasoline selling at per gallon .
these initiatives will help address the immediate danger of hunger and malnutrition for the two billion people struggling to survive in the face of rising food prices , said world bank group president robert b . zoellick in a statement .
her top advisers had called the state a must win to stay in the race .
the group also planned to kidnap foreign journalists , tourists and olympic athletes to make influences on international communities to undermine the beijing olympics , the ministry said .
mccain would let americans choose between the new system and the present one .
from our perspective , there was no reason to stop , the candidate said . i don t think we seriously thought about it .
several members take vacation time to take part in key events , such as bottling , or to just hang out .
blackwater ceo and founder erik prince has said the team was attacked and was defending itself at an intersection not far from the heavily guarded green zone on september .
video footage has shown four of the british crew saying they were captured in iranian waters .
the man had fire insurance worth million won , but police said they have no evidence he set the fire to get the insurance money .
in third is chinese company li ning a premium local brand but a fraction of the size of its international competitors .
for the gb model and for the gb version , a pleasing price for all but the poor souls who shelled out nearly a year ago .
ronaldo comfortably topped the poll of leading sports journalists with points .
how not to sleep through it .
still , he did an admirable job of driving us a shaken party of four backward to safety behind a curve in the forested hill .
mit sociologist and clinical psychologist sherry turkle says that while people may feel addicted , the true difficulty lies elsewhere .
the ap s jason straziuso reports that includes a wanted taliban leader who tried to escape with women and children during the raid by wearing a woman s burkha
he is also being paid to wear a watch as a test of its performance in microgravity .
by contrast , the tornadoes that swept through the middle part of the united states last week caused in excess of billion in insurance claims , and the bill for s hurricane katrina was about billion .
the other guild nominees were bill condon for the musical dreamgirls , jonathan dayton and valerie faris for the road trip tale little miss sunshine , stephen frears for the palace saga the queen and alejandro gonzalez inarritu for the ensemble drama babel .
small says he s not percent convinced these supplements will help stave off dementia , but they re worth a try .
roger tsien , also an american , extended the color palette beyond green .
proenza , , became the director in january after the retirement of max mayfield .
apple inc . will scrap online pricing policies across europe for itunes music downloads and soon charge consumers in britain and the rest of europe the same amount , the company and the european union said wednesday .
it is meant to honor those who have held public office , who have contributed to national life or who have served the queen personally .
i think that i wanted the film to feel sort of like a bullet .
dozens of people have been killed in clashes between government troops and mutinous soldiers in dili , and more than , others were forced to flee their homes .
however , ceos from state controlled lenders , including korea development bank and the industrial bank of korea , as well as leaders with backgrounds in government , were not invited .
the fact that it s been ignored tells you something , said dever , professor emeritus at the university of arizona . it would be amusing if it didn t mislead so many people .
director steven spielberg has tried to keep chapter four of the archaeologist s big screen adventures , indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , under wraps as tight as an ancient mummy s .
more than civic groups yesterday announced their opposition to president elect lee myung bak s plan to build a grand canal from seoul to busan .
jon , while dad saw em out the door , it was mom who got them to school .
the german interior ministry has said since that it is worried al qaeda might be preparing to make attacks in germany , although it does not want to create panic and believes there is no evidence of an imminent outrage .
p . m . et tuesday , according to police spokesman hermann josef helmich .
but this is only her second lpga tournament this year and she has already decided to pull out of next month s john deere classic .
stocks have been edging up this morning , as traders appear to be putting aside concerns about inflation .
however , critics wonder whether the prosecution is becoming overzealous in its attempts to detain the lone star executives to make up for the shortcomings of their lengthy investigation , which so far has produced little in hard evidence .
western states still lead the nation in auto theft rates , according to the nicb .
i ve not spoken to them in the last say two or three days , but i m sure they re probably struggling , nicky gill told itn in liverpool .
south korea and the united states have in principle agreed to exclude rice from their free trade agreement negotiations , the korea times quotes an official of the ministry of foreign affairs as saying .
the new scheme , part of a global realignment of american forces , comes at a time of heightened tension over north korea s efforts to develop nuclear weapons .
frost , the interviewer , was hoping to rejuvenate a career in decline
asian internet users flocked to pornographic web sites , with singaporean executives and south korean students topping the list , some . million south koreans headed to adult sites , a hefty percent jump from the year before , the internet measurement firm said .
he noted that some people still hadn t completely dug out from thursday s storm that dumped more than a foot of snow on parts of massachusetts .
he said his employees got to work on pulling the footage and planned to offer it on the web site by tuesday evening , with a free sampling on the front page and the rest available with a . monthly subscription .
he s received best director oscars for platoon , which also won an oscar for best picture , and born on the fourth of july .
.
the gnp issued a statement containing three yeses and three nos for the summit .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
one of the crew members was killed the following month by the pirates , according to andrew mwangura , head of the kenyan chapter of the seafarers assistance program .
the fire , which started just before p . m . saturday a . m . sunday et saturday , threatens a condor habitat and destroyed an out building , florea said .
she has played six other men s events , making only one cut in south korea .
richie sambora and david bryan suffered a lot in the last year , a lot of pain .
the u . s . markets will provide a boost , but selling could continue from retail investors hit by tighter rules on trading on credit as well as foreigners , said kim joong hyun , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities .
cole s grandfather clemens tinnemeyer s being held as a material witness .
floridians have been standing in long lines in polling locations to cast early ballots .
kang met with reporters over lunch yesterday , saying he was looking forward to the day when korea exchange bank s controlling shareholder , lone star funds of the united states , puts the bank on the market again . .
but despite its familiarity , there is a lot we don t know about it .
prosecutors described how campbell kicked and spat at police , used foul language and accused airline personnel of racism after she was told that one of her bags had not been placed on the british airways flight to los angeles on april .
it s an astonishing development , given that she has no role in national domestic policy and is a first term governor of a state almost , miles from washington .
and while porn on demand is standard for hotel tvs and upgraded cable packages , it s even easier to find it with a few clicks on the computer .
israeli parliament member ze ev boim said he thinks hamas leaders understand now the ability of israel to react , and our determination to stop the qassam rockets launching on sderot .
i missed thanksgiving .
and he gives a lot of people hope . and that s good for the country .
it has claimed the lives of soldiers and a diplomat , according to the associated press .
he said he thought he was dealing with female prostitutes , and tried to cancel the rendezvous when he found they were not , but they then tried to extort money from him in return for not telling the media about the incident .
as the sardonic explorer of no reservations , an off the beaten path look at cultures and cuisines , he famously chowed down on raw seal in quebec , eyeballs and all .
one week later , their son was killed in iraq .
mohamed elbaradei , head of the international atomic energy agency said that seoul had recently acknowledged producing more than pounds of uranium metal in the s at three facilities it had kept secret from his agency .
the study , which also included a mental health survey , cost . million .
barroso attended along with luminaries including german chancellor angela merkel and polish prime minister donald tusk .
the boy , crying and wearing just a nappy and t shirt , was taunted with gay slurs and goaded into punching his sister after she hit him .
powell said he and u . s . president george w . bush still believed a diplomatic solution was possible , and that other nations affected by north korea s programs should be involved in the talks .
and while anthropologists still debate the evolutionary benefit of walking on two feet , there are notable costs , such as pain for pregnant females .
the facility where the water leak occurred is the same one where the largest ever oil leak on the north slope occurred , last year .
the gains of monday and tuesday were sparked by britain , germany , france , and the u . s . announcing banking bailout plans totaling more than trillion .
one of the victims was year old atoy dasy , who bled to death after failed chest surgery , americo dos santos , head of the emergency unit of dili national hospital , said saturday .
gambari was scheduled to spend time with suu kyi , senior members of her national league for democracy party , other opposition politicians and u . n . workers on thursday , the u . n . said in a statement released wednesday .
two more us firms have recalled chinese made toys , saying they include paint with dangerous levels of lead .
us led forces have killed about militants in the iraqi capital , baghdad , the us military has said .
pentagon spokesman brian whitman said gates had sent letters to several defense ministers asking them to provide troops to replace the , u . s . marines being sent to afghanistan .
a military expert said further reduction of the usfk seemed inevitable given that the two brigades of the division are the main fighting forces and the others , including the air force , are backup forces .
i was loved that night .
in his speech to a joint meeting of congress , the french president promised to stand firm with washington on the war in afghanistan and against iran s nuclear program .
speaking on israel army radio , israeli deputy defense minister matan vilnai said the plan would gradually cut the electricity supply without harming humanitarian sources like hospitals .
eight others were wounded in the attack , including five police and three civilians .
coming on against a player with nothing to lose he was going for the shots and he was very dangerous , especially in the first set i was pretty nervous .
czech international thomas rosicky scored against his former club at the far post following good work from theo walcott .
a spokesman for commander abdullah jan , was unable to name the brave woman who made the heroic sacrifice for the sake of her colleague .
conference of mayors in washington , u . s .
untreated hair is also likely to fetch a higher price , elise says .
japan s whaling fleet plans to kill about minke whales and fin whales by mid april .
the commerce department reports it shrank at an annual rate of a half percent in the third quarter , while corporate profits contracted . percent .
she was referring to the muslim feast of aid el kebir , celebrated by slaughtering sheep .
for example , the assessment points out women can hide explosives in prosthetic devices that mimic the look of pregnancy .
the world s greatest super yachts
but does not consider homosexuality itself to be one .
the military academy started accepting women from .
it should be remembered that chest infections and fevers are common in europe at this time of year when ordinary seasonal flu circulates .
khieu samphan , the former head of state of democratic kampuchea was arrested , said tribunal spokesman reach sambath , referring to the official name of cambodia during the khmer rouge regime .
after wolfowitz took over at the bank in , riza was transferred to a u . s . state department job at a tax free government salary of almost , a year .
the two australian benjamin potts and briton giles lane boarded the yushin maru from the sea shepherd vessel the steve irwin .
as well as owning several other large yachts , abramovich is believed to have a new super yacht under construction .
the plane apparently struck a building bearing the airline s logo at the small domestic airport in the heart of the city .
take a course that will keep you and your company from violating equal opportunity law .
the atrocities perpetrated there by armed groups , some of whom seemed to have been involved in the rwandan massacres in which , people were killed , are of an unimaginable brutality that goes far beyond rape , she said .
he said the government will take all diplomatic steps to tackle the matter and the core of such measures will be urging the japanese government to backtrack .
no doubt burma s leaders hope it will be seen by the international community as a positive development . burma s military rulers are setting up a committee to draft a new constitution , state media has reported .
researchers chose to study alaska after a political debate over the most recent alcohol tax increase in the last frontier state .
if you re back at the backside of that crowd , you re like five hours away from going up the hill , said jack soden , chief executive of elvis presley enterprises , the company that manages graceland and its sprawling tourist complex .
the internet based plot was uncovered when one of the men turned himself in to police on saturday , saying he was scared of capital punishment , kyodo said .
washington cnn american fighter jets intercepted two russian bombers , one of which buzzed a u . s . aircraft carrier in the western pacific over the weekend , u . s . military officials told cnn monday .
thirty eight percent of clinton supporters said they would vote for mccain while percent said they would not vote .
zimbabwe s state newspaper , the sunday mail , reported that the ruling party has asked the electoral commission to recount the presidential ballots because of an overarching and unpleasant case of misposting of votes .
the first group of three women were released in the village of qala e kazi .
internet service was intermittently restored earlier this month .
the campaign has done great work in putting the global spotlight on the issue of hiv and aids
prosecutors have yet to conclude their investigation .
montego bay , jamaica cnn jamaican police on friday took dna samples from the entire pakistani contingent to the cricket world cup in their investigation into the strangulation of pakistani coach bob woolmer earlier this week , a team spokesman said .
they are demanding a . basic pay rise and other incentives , but hyundai says it cannot make any offer while its chairman is under arrest .
carter said the device was in a carry all type bag , but austin police and the fbi would not provide more details on the device and its makeup .
and nothing can be truer .
president george w bush has signed into law a temporary bill allowing the government to eavesdrop on foreign terror suspects without a warrant .
the driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries , and the sole passenger walked away unscathed , u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said . both were lebanese nationals , he said .
government sources said changes are being made to both computer software and physical hardware to protect power generating equipment .
bhutto and her supporters had spent much of the day in a standoff against security forces , who placed barbed wire and barricades around her islamabad home , preventing her attending a planned rally banned by the government , she told cnn .
civilians were killed and others wounded when a parked car bomb detonated in central baghdad s karrada district .
president roh moo hyun said on thursday that it was wrong to call the northern limit line nll a territorial line , drawing predictable criticism from the conservative opposition grand national party gnp .
basically the situation is the same as for the past decade , said spokesman peter stephens . myanmar has been in arrears since and legally we cannot lend to a country in arrears .
and up at the international space station , a female skipper will be waiting to greet her .
london s still skeptical .
it said that there was physical evidence to support the possibility that , up to a certain point , the plan had been pursued as an assassination .
he was on the cbs late show with david letterman .
actor lane garrison , who played an inmate on the tv drama prison break , pleaded guilty monday to vehicular manslaughter and drunken driving for a car crash in december that killed a year old student .
julie wagner , a manager at the san francisco based title company , confirmed that jackson s property was set for auction .
spears apparent foot bender isn t the first time she s had trouble behind the wheel . she faces hit and run charges and driving without a valid license from an august wreck .
a cheong wa dae official said it would be necessary to complete the probe anyway for the benefit of president elect lee , his enemies and the prosecution .
the year old byun has long engaged in civic activities to promote the welfare of women and underprivileged citizens .
get enough sleep
speaking on sunday , asif ali zardari , head of the pakistan people s party , and nawaz sharif , head of the pakistan muslim league n , said they would restore the justices within days of parliament s first session , which they demanded musharraf immediately convene .
one thing gamba osaka does have on its side is international experience .
experts said the unusually powerful attacks lasted for hours but passed largely unnoticed by most computer users , a testament to the resiliency of the internet .
the measure needed votes to pass in the democratic controlled senate but received only votes with against .
its e mail service , gmail , which puts advertisements up alongside mails people receive based on a scan of their contents
page , arizona cnn federal officials have started a flood in the grand canyon in hopes of restoring its ecosystem .
washington has hinted that it would like south korea to join the program .
gunshots could be heard on the tape and a helicopter was shown above inflatable boats in choppy seas .
it was unclear if the boat then turned around or just drifted southward before being intercepted tuesday , amar said .
you can be assured that i cannot hurt the children . in case i need to shed blood , i will not be the first to fire . i am telling the policemen , have pity on these children .
bush led the year old buddhist leader into the capitol rotunda , holding his hand as they entered before sitting side by side .
lots of dopamine , in turn , triggers the production of testosterone , which is responsible for the sex drive in both men and women .
the agreement , thrashed out at the so called six party talks in beijing , was actually signed september , but kept under wraps until now .
one resident said high waves had destroyed hotels in pangandaran and thrown boats onto the beach .
this is not going to be an impediment to her being secretary of state , toobin argued . one clinton aide said that both clinton and obama were aware of the issue when he announced her as his choice for secretary of state .
the money was sent between and to accounts in peshawar , pakistan .
charlie crist is enjoying high popularity ratings , but some florida conservatives are unhappy with his support of president obama s stimulus plan , and crist will be challenged by conservative former house speaker marco rubio .
chavez has described whisky as a drink for rich people
it is expected that parliament would then be dissolved and an election called in january .
to confirm these tests , here s a fun activity while you wait for your flight this thanksgiving look at your watch , and count how many people get an escalator in a five minute time period .
the deal , which requires legislative approval , is the largest the us has signed since the north american free trade agreement .
a spokesman for norfolk constabulary said only that inquiries were continuing in regards to the incident and the investigation was ongoing .
and unraveled toilet rolls strewn across the pitch are not an uncommon sight and which harm no one .
the area is about , km miles north of santiago .
but returned again friday , just in time for the walk a thon .
french international striker david trezeguet scored his th goal of the season to open the scoring just before the half hour mark .
ex the events led up to the outbreak of war .
following election authorities ruling that roh violated election laws by making an official pitch for the uri party , the grand national party and the millennium democratic party both demanded roh make an official apology .
and old and new media
cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said , thompson has the edge among evangelical republicans and especially among his fellow southerners that s where thompson has made the biggest gains .
president george bush and russian president vladimir putin agreed thursday at the g summit in germany to cooperate on missile defense systems , apparently cooling tensions between the two leaders .
she told allure magazine during an interview for its may issue that she decided to enter the secluded wonderland center at the suggestion of her therapist .
the cabinet level talks the highest dialogue channel between the two koreas will be held in the north korean capital , pyongyang , from february through to march , according to a joint statement adopted at a lower level meeting in the north korean border city of kaesong .
north korean leader , kim jong il s reported visit to beijing this week has increased hopes for creating a more favorable environment to resolve the prolonged nuclear standoff , but experts are divided on whether his trip will yield any major breakthrough in pyongyang s battle with washington over the issue .
ireju barasua said the child , whom she named as margaret hill , was snatched from the car in which she was being driven as it was stuck in traffic .
communist china is pursuing new technology aggressively , it says , legitimately through research and business deals and illegally through industrial espionage .
otherwise , tv watching will become impossible for those with the older sets .
five roadside bombs were detonated against security forces without serious casualties since the offensive started , khalaf said .
south korea plans to send over , new troops , including combat ready soldiers to iraq .
there is no cause for alarm , sometimes you have got to calm people down a little bit , clinton told thousands of cheering supporters at a washington fundraiser called generations of women for hillary .
endeavour was almost totally rebuilt during its overhaul and was like a new space shuttle , shuttle program manager wayne hale told reporters at kennedy space center in florida , where the launch will take place .
he and his colleagues reported getting two batches of stem cells that required using about monkey eggs apiece .
the . carat wittelsbach blue diamond , dating to the th century , was purchased by international jeweler laurence graff , the auction house said in a release . graff was bidding against aleks paul of essex global trading , a professional of russian origin based in new york , christie s said .
esmin green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of kings county hospital center on june for what the hospital describes as agitation and psychosis .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
other purely geological processes , like oxidation of iron , also release methane .
the junta leaders have offered to meet with suu kyi , who is under house arrest , but only on condition she renounce widespread calls for international sanctions against the military regime , which has been widely condemned for breaking up the protests september .
an additional days will be posted in the near future , the archives said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
speaking to reporters sunday night at a u . s . military base in alaska , which mr .
tools lived for five months with the device , exceeding researchers goal of a day survival .
poll shows presidential race may be tightening
gossip columnists often ask if vice president elect joe biden has had some work done .
a suspected car bomb struck a united nations peacekeeping patrol sunday in southern lebanon , killing five spanish peacekeepers and wounding three others , spain s defense minister jose antonio alonso said .
there is something wrong with the machine .
turnout is reported to have reached a record low , at around .
pelosi said the us commitment in iraq had no end in sight and there should be no more blank checks .
canada will start denying work permits to foreign strippers to prevent them from being abused and to clamp down on human trafficking , immigration minister diane finley said on wednesday .
north korean leader kim jong il is the most flexible man in the communist country , south korean president roh moo hyun said sunday as he recalled his summit last month with the reclusive leader .
but he lost hundreds of millions of dollars , including company capital , betting against volkswagen stock last year .
the range might seem like enough to breath easy , about , km , but many scientists classify it as a relatively close call .
it was conducted by the mayor s office of long term planning and sustainability .
india s foreign ministry had no comment on wednesday s incident .
mary blilie had been at big sky resort in montana for just one day but had already snapped more photos of her kids than she had in a long time .
the cnn opinion research corporation poll was conducted by telephone with , adult americans from friday through sunday .
but since super tuesday on february , obama has added more than twice as many to his total as she has , .
they can make a beginning , but whether they can completely shut down a nuclear reactor in such a short time would be very difficult , principi said .
tait said the razing of the peatlands is so destructive that the planting of palm oil trees cannot make up for the greenhouse gases emitted in the process .
in a sequence of six page rulings , one for each of the suspects he ordered to be held in jail after their arraignments .
we have players with quality and players that can change the game , he added .
house republican whip eric cantor says there s way too much spending in there , digging america too deeply in debt
families tend to be larger and poorer .
he is backed by president george w bush however , who dismissed the vote as political and said he would determine whether gonzales was effective .
ethnic koreans who have overstayed their visa by up to one year will be saved from deportation as the government is planning to issue a newly introduced visa that would extend their legal stay .
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas called on tuesday for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state , marking out a change of strategy for peace with israel after yasser arafat s death .
pakistani police wednesday used tear gas on a group of journalists and supporters gathered outside parliament for a demonstration organized by former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources told cnn .
if organic compounds are present on mars , they re more likely to have been preserved in ice .
their goal was to create styles aimed at the growing number of women entering the career force , according to ap .
he warns of commercial forces curtailing the global nature of the net .
researchers at the nonprofit organization found that adolescents with a high level of exposure to television shows with sexual content are twice as likely to get pregnant or impregnate someone as those who saw fewer programs of this kind over a period of three years .
in the very unlikely event that your child chokes and you ll know it s happening when his face turns red or purple and or he s not making any sounds here s what to do
but tam would not say where the money was sent .
a working reactor would make syria the first arab nation with nuclear capability and potentially put nuclear weapons in the hands of a regime the united states accuses of committing human rights abuses and supporting international terror groups .
european shares closed at their lowest level in months on wednesday , with the ftseurofirst index of top shares . percent lower at , . points its lowest closing level since dec . , , bringing to percent its overall decline since the start of the year .
among the six north koreans at a luncheon hosted by president roh were kim ki nam , a key member of north korea s workers party and rim tong ok , chief policy maker for the north korean workers party on ties with the south .
his most famous feat , as described in the hindu epic the ramayana , was leading a monkey army to fight the demon king ravana and rescue a kidnapped princess .
but that may be changing , at least in a small way .
we have told both turkey and the world on april that as soldiers , we are ready , buyukanit said thursday .
however , sharonov told the russian news agency interfax , the penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally , which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it .
the department of health and human services has declared a public health emergency as a precautionary tool , to insure we have the resources we need at our disposal to respond quickly and effectively .
kerviel has been cooperative and has admitted exceeding his credit limit in order to make fraudulent transactions involving european index futures , said paris prosecutor jean claude marin .
n . k . , japan is about to restart negotiations .
she will remain in the hospital for to days .
the reclusive north had earlier told international aid agencies , and reported in its official media , that people had been killed or were missing after floods and landslides brought about by weeks of heavy rain this month .
japan is one of the most earthquake prone countries in the world because it sits atop four tectonic plates .
i bear the responsibility for keeping this country safe , and i categorically reject the assertion that these are the most effective means of interrogation .
the galaxy are scheduled to host pachuca at the home depot center on tuesday in their opening superliga match before taking on mexican club guadalajara at the los angeles coliseum on saturday .
north korea s no . leader pledged his country s commitment thursday to giving up its nuclear program in talks with a visiting high level south korean delegation , amid intensifying diplomacy aimed at implementing pyongyang s pledge to disarm .
the serbian government no longer has a united and common policy , which . . . prevents the government from performing its basic constitutional function and conducting the policies of the republic of serbia , the government proposal said .
today , i told my attorneys not to appeal the judge s decision , hilton said in a statement posted on tmz . com . while i greatly appreciate the sheriff s concern for my health and welfare , after meeting with doctors i intend to serve my time as ordered by the judge .
the korea times reports the foreign affairs and trade ministry warned in a notice posted in its official web site that terror attacks and kidnapping against foreigners are expected to get more frequent during the period .
brazilian winger mancini crossed from the left and the ball eventually broke to pizarro whose effort from the edge of the box deflected off the gago and over casillas into the net after minutes . totti had been largely quiet but on
it is beyond repair and because he has lost so much skin he is now vulnerable to infection and won t be able to fight it .
palestinian leaders were summoned to the battered compound where arafat has been effectively penned by israeli forces for more than two years , accused by israel of fomenting violence in a year uprising .
no more should users see jarringly incorrect declarations such as debbie changed their profile picture .
with the launch , iran has joined the world s top countries possessing space technology to build satellites , and launch rockets into space , state tv said .
as of friday , one u . s . dollar was trading at around zw billion .
communist china s top family planning body has warned of a population rebound as couples flout one child policy rules .
nine americans and one russian will share thanksgiving aboard the international space station tomorrow .
it s for a few seconds and then we disappear and we never see each other in the movie , kingsley says .
earnings before interest and taxes for the three months to end june rose to pound
ecent remarks by japanese prime minister shinzo abe about comfort women during world war ii gloss over the historic truth , south korea s foreign ministry said in a statement .
our hope and expectation is , as the president said , the bankruptcy would be quick and not result in liquidation , and chrysler will come out the other end a company ready , leaner , and able to compete .
the current history book clearly states the incident was a political coup d etat by the dictatorial former president , then an army general .
both papers said they had paid substantial sums to madeleine s fund as a way of expressing their regret .
questions about an olympic boycott intensified last month after china began a crackdown on anti chinese demonstrators in tibet .
al fayed s son , dodi fayed , died in along with princess diana when the car they were riding in crashed in a paris tunnel .
president george w . bush s state of the union address saying it was close to declaring a war .
in the past week , north korea has also test fired missiles and expelled south korean officials from a jointly run industrial zone , apparently in angry response to the tougher policies of south korea s new conservative government .
but a pro rebel website said basayev and three other militants died when a truck carrying explosives blew up accidentally .
excerpts of the diaries , which reagan kept during his two terms in office from , were published in the june issue of vanity fair magazine , which went on newsstands in new york and los angeles wednesday . read excerpts from reagan s diaries
prime minister anders fogh rasmussen s announcement came as britain , which commands the danish troops in iraq , said it would reduce its military presence by the end of the year .
high above the field in a private box , baseball commissioner bud selig was a reluctant witness to history .
ed markey , chairman of the house select committee on energy independence and global warming , spoke out against the white house s planned sale , set for february .
the crash was lohan s third accident in about two years .
much of the gas that western europe buys from russia comes in pipelines that cross ukraine .
he recommends that night workers take frequent catnaps .
he stressed control of troops means having both authority over military administration , such as personnel management , and military operational command .
the crash came less than a year after people were killed in the september collision of a gol airlines boeing with a small jet over the amazon rainforest .
it floated past the ornate riverside grand palace and the city s most famous buddhist temples .
sanja matsuri third weekend of may
tokyo , japan cnn jerome white jr . took the stage wearing an oversized baseball cap , baggy jeans and two gold chains an aspiring singer from the united states .
navy cmdr robert durand said the new hunger strike was aimed at attracting media attention and may also be connected to a disturbance on may th .
which typically means that few significant laws are passed next year is shaping up to be an eventful one for travelers .
however , the united states has opted to give precedence to france s request that he be sent there to be tried on less serious charges of money laundering .
lbc said the sniper was not a member of the lebanese army .
the site says the current train cars were purchased after ansco investment company bought the ski train in .
in the world s eighth largest oil exporter , where militant attacks have already curbed output .
washington s already grinding commute could grind to a halt during president elect barack obama s inauguration .
first with his economic team , and then with congressional leaders on an economic stimulus package he d like to sign right after taking office .
government critics have called the constitutional process undemocratic because it has been closely directed by the military with no input from independent parties .
instead we used co laser to melt the tumor and then shave it off .
rodriguez said he hoped to return to the lineup friday night for the start of a three game series in cleveland against the indians , the team that beat the yankees in the al playoffs last fall .
we ll never know if the analysts were right because the price of gas headed south . oh sure , they were annoyed by it the access america survey singled out fuel prices as the no . travel annoyance this summer , with about eight in travelers complaining about them .
in a statement on the new york based human rights watch web site , roth said that new russian rules block dissent and interfere with the work of nongovernmental organizations , or ngos .
williams improved to against zvonareva , who should rise to no . in the rankings by making the final .
because of the backlog , officials said they will no longer offer assurances that an expedited application will be processed within three business days of receipt .
understanding the brain at a more fundamental level , i think , will result in all sorts of chances to treat a wide range of brain diseases such as parkinson s and alzheimer s , according to the professor .
north korea and the united states have no diplomatic relations .
the government will give the largest banks billion . billion with another billion available if desired .
experts and civil authorities had warned residents to get out of buildings and remain outside until the forecasted aftershock hit .
rice added that the united states will give up to million to help build the government infrastructure , such as improving roads and providing drinking water .
jerusalem cnn german chancellor angela merkel told israel of germany s holocaust shame , and asserted its support for the jewish state during an unprecedented speech to the knesset on tuesday .
both stories today are in the only in korea category a new crime has been created , degree falsifier .
lin is one of about refugees in the dump who survive on other people s trash .
guests of honor at a service at sheffield cathedral included sepp blatter , president of football world governing body fifa , and massimo moratti , president of italian giants inter milan who are scheduled to play a friendly against sheffield fc next month .
the pentium running at . gigahertz . billion cycles per second , is the world s fastest in terms of clock speed .
damascus was ready to work with the united nations to implement a security council resolution demanding its , troops leave lebanon , deputy foreign minister waleed al mualem said , in apparent response to international pressure .
students and staff gathered outside the university s main administration building on monday morning for a minute s silence , after which a single bell tolled times and the white balloons were released .
he angered muslims when he quoted a th century byzantine emperor who characterized some of the teachings of islam s prophet , mohammed , as evil and inhuman and spread by the sword .
what does she see happening this time ?
democrats want to get it done this year , while the new president still has significant political capital , and house speaker nancy pelosi this morning is assuring president barack obama legislation to overhaul the nation s health care system will be on the house floor before the august recess .
it took stock of the entire situation , and it came to a conclusion that it would be completely counterproductive to carry out attacks in the tribal areas of pakistan by the united states , kasuri said .
the cuts were apparently caused by a boat propeller .
adrien brody , who plays one of the brothers , described how it was to work with wilson on the set .
apart from doing research , the kdi runs a small graduate school on economic policies and finance .
a half dozen people have been killed in a series of attacks in iraq .
us president george w bush would veto a second congressional bill on the war in iraq that links funding to progress there , his spokesman has said .
nicolas sarkozy got down to business on his first trip abroad as french president , vowing in berlin to tackle the eu s institutional crisis and surprising his hosts by highlighting problems at franco german aerospace giant eads .
but just as sorenstam took the lead , she gave it right back .
when he returned , byford talked with gadiesh about the importance of true north .
her campaign is hoping a big win will raise doubts about barack obama s electability in the general election .
the paper praised clinton s chief rival , sen . barack obama , but called clinton more qualified for the job .
the fda usually follows panel recommendations .
but our position that japan cannot provide support without a resolution of the abduction issue is unchanged .
he was freed from jail on bail in june and has been back in his job as the chairman of the nation s largest automaker .
monks from the greek orthodox and armenian denominations were preparing for a ceremony at the church of the holy sepulcher in the old city when a disagreement led to a full fledged fistfight .
in an effort to calm down growing public concern and discuss proper measures for the possible security vacuum , president roh moo hyun will host an emergency meeting of security related ministers on thursday .
historically , such increases in sales have run parallel to drops in recycling rates , unfortunately .
it s definitely happening there on saturday , lionel walker , regional head of tourism , told the ap . it is the best free publicity we could ask for .
it s not clear when the meeting hut will again be used or if there will be talks at a higher level to try to defuse the latest tension .
things didn t go our way , but you got to give it up to them the spurs , williams said .
a small cluster of villages in eastern netherlands has found itself in the midst of a mini baby boom
the announcement came a day before the two koreas resumed ministerial talks in pyongyang .
safety violations and negligence add to the problem .
greenpeace said it wanted to highlight the environmental damage a third runway will cause , but a heathrow spokesman called the group s actions irresponsible .
and , in the first half hour the dow is down points .
andy roddick overcame a second set lapse and beat fourth seeded nikolay davydenko .
barboursville , west virginia cnn one young shopper at a wal mart in west virginia had to watch out for more than falling prices .
seventh seed berdych , the man who famously beat roger federer in the athens olympics , will
the court ruled thursday that the government s plan to move the administrative capital was unconstitutional , putting the brakes on the relocation , which has been pursued by the roh government as a key national project .
the monthly trade surplus stood at . billion , the highest since december .
the overall mortality rate for was deaths per , residents .
lee s resignation brings about a complete change in the foreign policy and security lineup , following the resignations of the foreign and defense ministers .
they left in separate vehicles seven hours later without saying anything , the associated press reports .
that tally leaves obama ahead by the equivalent of delegates .
the thai government allows only a small number of immigrants from those countries , which has led to a number of smuggling cases .
as the jetliner that flew sharif from london stopped on the tarmac monday morning , it was immediately surrounded by police commandos who boarded it along with government officials , sources said .
the u . s . state department said wednesday that it has seen nothing to substantiate reports of a significant movement of turkish military forces to the border .
sen . hillary clinton told the senate foreign relations committee on tuesday that she aims to renew america s leadership in a world that has undergone an extraordinary transformation since the end of the cold war and is now facing great peril .
the white house says it was barney s way of saying he s done with the paparazzi .
in , some miles away , glenn and his hunting party again cornered a jaguar a different one .
new orleans , louisiana cnn it s that time of year when new orleans slathers up and chills out .
can you relate to the loss of a child ?
the miners families were in despair . the china daily said .
shares have been at a nosedive around the world .
you don t last long after an in season and a person close to the decision says the detroit lions already fired coach rod marinelli .
while tension rose in the nuclear standoff , however , thousands of south koreans also rallied in support of the u . s . military presence .
but first , we ve gotta send him there .
she said bin laden s beard may have been dyed , the ap reported .
the video has since been taken off youtube , but an interview portion remained available on the celebrity web site gawker . com on thursday .
assessing factors such as diet , blood pressure , physical activity and lifestyle habits , he calculated that the leader of the free world ages more quickly .
genzel said the center of the galaxy was a unique laboratory for the study of the strong gravity , stellar dynamics and star formation with a level of detail never possible beyond our galaxy .
roh clarified that korea won t allow usfk to be involved in any dispute in northeast asia .
many scientists had believed them to be extinct until eight years ago , when two scientists trapping rats in sulawesi accidentally trapped and killed one .
the perfect place for a government to keep its secrets and , allegedly , the perfect place to commit a crime .
washington has appointed christopher r . hill , the former u . s . ambassador to poland , as its top envoy to seoul .
its students have kidnapped police officers and people they accuse of involvement in immoral acts such as prostitution .
he adds national security is , above everything else , his top priority .
song min soon , senior presidential secretary for security affairs , said south korea will not give up its cross border tourism project despite concerns that they could undermine international efforts to curb the stalinist state s nuclear weapons program .
tetrapods are animals with four limbs and include such descendants as amphibians , birds and mammals .
officials said the diplomat had a leg wound and suffered burns in the attack . watch video from the scene of the attack raquo
pirates off somalia have apparently fought off an attempt by somali forces to retake a ship seized for ransom last thursday .
dannatt said what the last two months have shown is that it is perfectly possible for prince harry to be employed just the same as other army officers of his rank and experience .
with his own corrupt and repressive regime supported by both israel s mossad and the cia , yasir arafat had to rely on u . s . mediation , even though the u . s . negotiating team was dominated by former israeli lobby officials and a president who showed no understanding of the arab islamic world .
he said the list includes people who are top officials now , others who are former lawmakers and others who are former top military leaders .
uaw agrees to help automakers
houston based enron collapsed in scandal in when it was discovered the company had vastly overstated its income .
thick fog may have been a factor in the accident , california highway patrol officers said .
in its online edition , el tiempo , colombia s largest daily newspaper , said the norwegian was a teacher at a prestigious bogota university .
and while the four southern provinces have around percent of the iraqi people they still account for less than percent of the overall violence in iraq .
here are some other ways to beat burnout
you cannot superimpose the human rights and democracy environment of a western country onto other countries , musharraf added . that is the error that the west and the western media makes . this does not work at all and this must stop .
the united states imposed stiff sanctions against iran on thursday , targeting two iranian military groups and a number of iranian banks and people it accuses of backing nuclear proliferation and terror related activities .
gates said in tokyo that the company put a lot of effort in the talks with yahoo and had decided that the two should pursue independent paths .
they had accumulated and assembled the capabilities that they needed and they were in the final stages of planning for execution , he said .
the trial , held in ate vitarte on the outskirts of lima , marks the first time the two men have been in the same room since they both fled the country eight years ago .
north korean officials made indirect contact with woori bank , which has a branch at the gaeseong industrial park on the north s side of the border .
the seoul metropolitan government provided each ward with special fall budgets recently , and top officials of three wards are suspected of having used the funds to organize the anti relocation rallies .
germany has so far escaped the type of large scale al qaeda terror attack that has hit other parts of europe such as madrid in and london in .
the united states will soon launch negotiations on a free trade agreement with korea as the two countries have made great progress in the last four or five months to lay the groundwork , u . s .
the bodies of , people , most of whom died violently , have been received by baghdad s main mortuary so far this year , health ministry figures show .
the consumer product safety commission says there have been reports of overheated batteries .
a fifth child was wounded in the attack .
the yuan has gained about percent in value since then .
in , ms suu kyi was awarded the nobel peace prize for her efforts to bring democracy to burma .
london , england cnn the european union s foreign policy chief said friday he was disappointed by the latest talks with iran over the nation s nuclear program , a failure that could result in more sanctions for the middle eastern nation .
what is new is neither affluence nor extravagance , but the number of rich people in america today .
only about mountain gorillas remain in the world , an estimated of them in the virunga range .
jeopardy began in and went on to become a huge hit , followed by wheel of fortune in .
turkey , which is a major cargo hub for u . s . and allied military forces in iraq and afghanistan , has recalled its ambassador to washington for consultations and warned that there might be a cut in the logistical support to the u . s . over the issue .
we hope that this kind of leverage and pressure will encourage the bank of america to do the right thing for this business , take some of that federal tax money that they ve received , and uh , invest it by providing the necessary credit to this company , so these workers can keep their jobs .
industrial production fell . percent in february to a nearly year low due to slower export growth and fewer working days , the korea herald quoted the national statistical office as saying yesterday .
briefing president roh moo hyun on his ministry s policy programs , defense minister yoon kwang ung said the ministry will submit a bill aimed at legislating military reform methods to the national assembly by october , after finalizing detailed measures by august .
matching its lowest ever level .
joseph riedel of washington , american university i attend american university in washington , d . c .
berkley will demand that the author and the agent return all money that they have received for this work , berkley spokesman craig burke said in a statement .
the victory marks the ninth consecutive win for obama over rival hillary clinton since a split decision on super tuesday two weeks ago .
but there are many , many more .
more than , jobs were lost last month , the worst month of decline in years .
news reports say a ban has been imposed while chinese workers lay pipelines and cables in the area .
japan has rejected most compensation claims from victims .
blood also had eight nominations , and day lewis performance as daniel plainview won the best actor oscar .
i ve endured long car rides to a campus only to face a child who refused to get out of the car once we arrived .
police said the burmese had crossed by boat to the thai town of ranong from burma s southern tip at victoria point a route often used by illegal migrants .
the bombing destroyed two towers at the shiite al askariya mosque in samarra .
this quest takes him from an english village wall into another land , stormhold , a magical realm where the star in question has transformed into yvaine claire danes .
police maintain strict control of protests against the wef .
the ill fated f k was one of the air force s next generation jet fighters valued at about billion won each .
a live report from the associated press white house correspondent mark smith .
zanu pf has also denied talks were under way between the parties , saying it , too , is preparing for a run off .
eu foreign ministers meeting in brussels issued a statement saying they had asked the bloc s military staff to plan a
co organizer ronald cruz said the california supreme court should stand by its decision , legalizing gay marriage .
the appeal came in a joint statement issued after a meeting of asean foreign ministers in the malaysian capital , kuala lumpur .
our democratic faith is more than the creed of our country , it is the inborn hope of our humanity , an ideal we carry but do not own , a trust we bear and pass along .
cbs decision to dump imus came a day after nbc universal decided to cancel his simulcast on msnbc and followed nearly a week of cries for the firing of the radio host .
each will be prominently featured on youtube and receive a trophy , the design of which will be revealed later .
ghazni , afghanistan cnn afghanistan s taliban killed one of the south korean hostages on wednesday after kabul failed to free taliban prisoners , a spokesman for the group said , adding insurgents would kill more if their demands were not met .
during the flight from rome to washington , the pope told reporters aboard that he was ashamed of the problem .
what appear to be three overlapping mammoths only a few centimeters long and carved onto the rib of a mammoth .
the united states has offered to send forensic specialists from the fbi , according to the state run associated press of pakistan .
carter black and chris larrison another school of social work associate professor who knew kazmierczak described the gunman as pleasant , considerate and flexible .
the two made their comments at a hearing before the senate banking committee about the economy . their testimony comes in the wake of troubling economic readings that have raised recession fears on wall street .
the operation is part of a nationwide push against jihadists loyal to al qaeda in the provinces of diyala , salaheddin , nineveh , and tameem .
although the surnames of the two german soccer stars were not used , it was clear they referred to chelsea midfielder michael ballack and bayern munich goalkeeper oliver kahn .
this sleepy town in western india , long famous for its grapes , has become the subcontinent s sonoma valley , the heart of a million industry that has seen annual growth of more than percent annually since .
thomas mitchell , a year old musician and ex royal air force code breaker , and his composer and pianist son stuart , described the piece as frozen music .
a key aide to president roh moo hyun says the two koreas may be able to discuss holding a summit after mid april depending on the north s implementation of initial steps to abandon its nuclear programs .
in a news conference in beijing on monday , champa phuntsok , the head of tibet s regional government , blamed the violence on a small group of separatists and criminals who take their lead from exiled followers of tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
the former professor curator allegedly fled to the united states in july this year shortly after she was discovered to have lied about having earned undergraduate and master s degrees from the university of kansas and a doctorate from yale university .
on wednesday , he met with a number of palestinian civil society leaders in ramallah in the west bank , including former deputy prime minister nasser shaer
dutch airline klm will probably seek an independent investigation into whether it flew nazi fugitives to argentina after the second world war , the national airline said on tuesday .
rumsfeld also reaffirmed in a letter to defense minister yoon kwang ung in mid august that washington wants to transfer operational control over south korean troops to the south korean military by when the relocation of u . s . bases is completed .
but news agency bernama said wednesday that chua had resigned from both the post and the party , and his departure was effective immediately .
it is one of known documents , grouped under the collective heading of the magna carta , conceived of as the foundation for liberty and democracy .
huckabee s victory can be attributed to his overwhelming support among evangelical voters and women , according to cnn analysis of entrance polls .
any such talks would probably involve the us and china which , along with north korea , signed the armistice that ended the war .
elsewhere across the asia pacific region , declines of percent for steel maker posco and . percent for top lender kookmin bank helped knock percent off south korea s kospi to fresh three week lows .
it is unlikely that mugabe will receive any congratulations from the u . s . if he emerges as the victor .
on monday night , an asteroid that may be the size of a car will likely burn up in the atmosphere over northeastern africa , according to the harvard smithsonian center for astrophysics .
early friday the court rejected requests made by the prosecution a day earlier for arrest warrants for lone star officials ellis short , lone star vice chairman michael thomson , general counsel paul yoo , lone star advisors korea president and steven lee , former head of the fund s korean unit .
the unpopular war is an important fault line in the campaign for the november presidential election , with democrats advocating a quick u . s . troop withdrawal while mccain insists a pullout would amount to surrender and give islamic extremists a victory .
coors spokesman joe fuentes allows as how the afl cio boycott of the late s , which included people like ironworkers and truck drivers , was a far greater blow .
the new higher quality drm free music will complement emi s existing range of standard drm protected downloads already available , emi said in a statement on monday .
trade figures for november reported wednesday by the china daily newspaper showed the first monthly decline in chinese exports in seven years .
on sunday , people remained in one of the agency s shelters , said spokesman ruben brown .
stocks are tumbling , credit markets remain tight this morning .
none of those prisoners have blood on their hands , israeli prime minister ehud olmert said at the start of his weekly cabinet meeting .
according to the national cancer institute and american cancer society , secondhand smoke is the combination of two types of smoke that is produced when burning tobacco
michigan congressman sander levin tells cbs early show that the national economy would be badly damaged if the car companies go under .
there s not expected to be much resistance to senator clinton s nomination .
the march of dimes is giving america a d on preventing premature births .
carter was tightlipped about the title .
wednesday s bomb exploded in a huge fireball that ripped through an upscale christian neighborhood during evening rush hour .
most of the , residents in the coastal city appeared to have heeded government warnings to seek shelter or evacuate .
there were some opinions that it would be desirable to delay the trip until june in order to avoid political misunderstandings , the statement said .
rome , italy an italian town s mayor hopes to shame men into not using prostitutes by photographing cars that pick them up and publishing the details in local newspapers .
tori spelling and dean mcdermott s newly renovated bed and breakfast , chateau la rue , in fallbrook , california , about miles southeast of los angeles , was also affected .
the web site is becoming a promotion piece for the store , said kurt barnard , president of barnard s retail trend report , which covers consumer spending patterns .
dicaprio , who produced the film , acts as narrator asking questions , which are answered by experts ranging from physicist stephen hawking to former soviet union prime minister mikhail gorbachev .
stuntmen were injured while filming an action sequence on famously winding lakeside roads in northern italy in april .
i m not going to quit a job that people hired me to do because of false accusations and a political lynch mob .
after the declaration of independence was signed , virginia statesman john page wrote to thomas jefferson
north korea yesterday called a joint military exercise by south korea and the united states an act of war , saying it would take pre emptive action if necessary in spite of the year old cease fire treaty .
my government will continue to work with the united nations , g and european union to prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction , including addressing international concerns over iran s nuclear intentions , the queen said .
the associated press has learned a peanut plant in texas has been operating without a license for nearly four years
a dna test in june confirmed that murphy is the father of brown s baby , angel iris murphy brown , who was born in april .
ufo strike has uk in a lather over e . t .
troopers confiscated sticks of dynamite , and also automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades , but the pirates were let go because they had not attacked portuguese people or property .
vancouver , british columbia cnn a new case of mad cow disease was confirmed in canada , its th case since .
he attributes his weight loss success to replacing tv watching with hard work .
bulgaria , romania , turkey , austria , the czech republic , greece and germany did not blame either side in the dispute for the cuts only the dispute itself .
former president kim and roh met at a luncheon yesterday at the blue house , and talked about the recent inter korean summit , the presidential office said .
in the past , operations to remove a dog s vocal cords left a mark on the outside of the animal s throat , the doctor says . but now vets go straight into its throat through the mouth and remove the vocal cords from the inside .
some u . s . lawmakers are calling for legislation that would impose punitive tariffs or other controls on chinese imports if beijing fails to let the yuan rise faster in value .
the santiago daily el mercurio on monday reported that officials believe the hacker was a peruvian .
it can often seem like hard work keeping track of the changes happening to our planet .
the south korean was killed , said ahmadi , because the taliban s demands of a prisoner release and withdrawal of south korean troops from afghanistan were not met .
it ll be an average of miles per gallon .
the slaughter began sunday night , hours after authorities confirmed seoul s second outbreak of bird flu in less than a week .
we will be going through the database and judging the ideas based on their reach , depth , attainability , efficiency and longevity , poole said .
also sunday , the justice department released a copy of remarks gonzales will make during his tuesday testimony before the judiciary committee .
the envisioned town , to be built on . million pyong of public land , will include an english learning center , elementary and secondary schools , and colleges along with a range of educational and residential facilities that will help students learn the language .
the portrait , taken by photographer corinne day in , was shot in london two years after moss was discovered at a new york airport at age .
it is the same province where taliban militants escaped from prison in a daring and well executed jailbreak friday .
currently , the only three nations with vehicles able to fly people to space are china , russia and the united states .
south korea thursday strongly protested japan s recent efforts to step up its claim to dokdo , a group of rocky islets in the east sea , through an explicit distortion of textbooks .
temple officials will replace sajani when she returns to nepal later this week , the report cited joshi as saying .
fresh evidence today the economy is forcing employers to get rid of even more workers
the heart group is now recommending a thorough exam , including a family history and an ekg , before children are put on the drugs to make sure that they don t have any undiagnosed heart issues .
senator obama claimed that the threat iran poses to our security is tiny compared to the threat once posed by the former soviet union , mccain said during a speech in chicago .
on january , two hooded men on a motorcycle pulled up to a bar in rio bonito where senna usually went for a beer .
according to the poll of koreans done last week by research and research , a survey company , . percent of respondents said they feel japan is the greatest threat to korea .
zebari told a news conference that the interim government has received some positive signals from both countries about their willingness to resume relations .
on wall street in the first half hour this morning , the dow industrials down points , nasdaq off .
antwerp , belgium ap we all know not to feed the animals when visiting the zoo .
prime minister dominique de villepin has outlined to mps an accompanying program to improve social conditions .
the korea times says concern over agflation , or agricultural inflation , is looming amid a surge in international grain prices .
the irony is that by the time a company gets big and visible enough to make irate consumers vote with their feet , it s too big for a boycott to affect it much .
rival audi ag said it sold , cars worldwide in august , up . percent from the same month in .
australia , a close ally of the united states , was one of the first countries to commit troops to the u . s . led invasion of iraq , and australia s former conservative government had been a strong supporter of the u . s . mission in iraq . about australian combat troops in iraq should be withdrawn by about the middle of next year , prime minister elect kevin rudd said on friday , setting a broad timetable for the soldiers to return home .
environmental protection legislation throughout asia is surprisingly well developed and sophisticated .
padilla was taken into custody in chicago as he stepped off a flight from pakistan in , and bush declared him an enemy combatant and had him transferred to military custody .
the booming city of dubai in the united arab emirates has also joined the skyscraper race .
there is no christmas tree in the square , no decorations , few pilgrims .
the mod said the handover of basra itself was now expected in the autumn .
george w . bush will renew a quest in his second term for a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage as essential to a hopeful and decent society , his top political aide said on sunday .
if there are clear rules , there are no free riders .
jones , one of the best known foreign residents in korea , made his point at a time when prosecutors are investigating officials of lone star , a dallas based buyout fund , over its three year old purchase of the korea exchange bank keb .
still , yu stops short of calling herself an addict .
the company was established in but has shown no business transactions since then .
the square became a mammoth parking lot for buses that disgorged delegates in finery ranging from smartly tailored suits of hong kong business executives to traditional robes of ethnic tibetans .
the camera is already in use in london s canary wharf financial area .
foreign dignitaries are attending a major national day parade and other events on friday .
as caretaker of the state s , black bears , ternent must figure out the optimal ratio of bears to people .
america remains engaged in the world by history and by choice , shaping a balance of power that favors freedom .
even republicans . . . know that more of the same is only going to attract more terrorists to iraq and make our country less safe .
meanwhile , the bitterness over legislative candidate nominations inside the grand national party deepened yesterday as the leader of the party s traditional conservative wing , park geun hye , said there was a deliberate attempt underway to sweep her allies out of the national assembly .
if the competition produces a winner , it would prove a major boon to the emerging private spaceflight industry and mark the first time that a nongovernment entity has flown a lunar space probe .
in many cases , death sentences have been issued following proceedings which failed to meet international fair trial standards , the report said . this represents a profoundly retrograde step .
but then , came his most famous tv role as the sarge on hill street blues
are we being short shrifted or are we getting what we deserve ?
it was one of two suspected car bombs that struck algiers within minutes of each other .
she succeeds in uttering a sound , but it s only a hoarse croak , not the bark or yelp of a big healthy dog .
but he is also credited with shaping modern indonesia , a mainly muslim country of million people , by boosting its economy and making the sprawling archipelago a regional power .
london , england cnn a picture of an overweight woman lying naked on a couch , painted by the british artist lucian freud , is expected to set a record for any work by a living artist when it goes up for auction tuesday night .
more bodies are thought to be trapped under debris , but rescuers say the odds of finding survivors are slim .
ahmadi told cnn it is likely that the remaining hostages would be killed by a . m . thursday
there is a delay in the implementation of economic compensation obligations to be undertaken by the other countries in the six party talks , hyun hak bong , deputy director of the north korean foreign ministry s american affairs bureau , was quoted as saying late on wednesday .
horry county fire chief gary alderman says smoke has been getting in the way of firefighters work
a car with three people was halted as it crossed from new york into canada , a senior u . s . government official told cnn , and the car was searched as a matter of routine , the official said .
the h n virus has already killed more than people worldwide since .
the bill empowers the president to appoint all five members of the tentatively named broadcasting and communication committee s standing body , although two members will be recommended by civic groups and other related non governmental organizations .
in july two months into the iraq war the white house backed away from the uranium assertion after a former diplomat , joseph wilson , announced the cia had sent him to niger in to check out the report .
richard jewell , the security guard wrongly suspected and later cleared of setting off a deadly bomb at atlanta , georgia s centennial olympic park during the olympics , died wednesday morning , his attorney , lin wood , told cnn .
floating debris had been located , the official said .
the official campaign period for next month s presidential election will start this week , with a majority of voters determined to end years of liberal rule , despite the financial and ethical scandals surrounding the conservative frontrunner , lee myung bak .
registration is the first step in the electoral procedure for the election to be held april .
and received the white house s u . s . backing for the one day visit .
he said russia has fully implemented all of its commitments with its european partners , including the osce .
liverpool , though , will have other ideas and are bidding to win the european cup for the sixth time after their epic penalty shootout victory over milan in istanbul in .
the korea herald reports labor union members at citibank s seoul branch staged a strike yesterday , demanding equal treatment with koram bank employees after the two complete a merger scheduled for next month .
her mother is an active volunteer , and her grandmother iora hunt , competed for the crown as miss michigan .
the associated press reported that small chips of debris fell from the ceiling .
the two candidates are due to face off in a tv debate in texas on thursday .
actor robert duvall , who lives in the virginia countryside about miles from washington , came in to lend his moral support to the world bank s initiative for tigers .
the justice ministry said yesterday in a release that it will defer making a decision on either hot button issue in its national action plan .
reisman flew up aboard endeavour to replace french astronaut leopold eyharts , who was going home on the shuttle .
the row , over frozen north korea accounts , stalled implementation of the nuclear deal for several weeks .
researchers from boston university in massachusetts reported about another study .
in the footage , the boy s face remains largely blank , neindorf said , adding
in the latest reshuffle , kim young joo , former secretary for policy planning , was appointed as the senior secretary for the bureau .
meanwhile , in south korea , president roh moo hyun , in an address to his nation saturday , called on the taliban to free the south koreans , who he said were in afghanistan performing volunteer medical work .
the palestinian sources said the al aqsa militants had fired two or three rockets into israel when they were spotted by members of the israel defense forces , who returned fire .
we understand that the european union wants to play a more active role in the kosovo issue , but it is only possible if these conditions are fulfilled , he said .
it s jamie fryer with the entertainment news .
we will do the same thing with the other allies in afghanistan , because we found this way to be successful , qari yousef ahmadi told the associated press via cell phone from an undisclosed location .
we will show purpose without arrogance .
the cub , which doesn t yet have a name , was being cared for at nuremberg city zoo , where it was resting under heat lamps and is drinking formula .
his visit to tirana follows last week s group of eight summit in germany , where the leaders of eight major industrialized nations discussed kosovo among many other topics .
lindsay lohan reached a plea deal thursday on misdemeanor drunken driving and cocaine charges that calls for her to spend one day in jail , serve days of community service and complete a drug treatment program .
it s still unclear whether the presidential candidate of the party will adopt the plan as an election commitment .
in germany , it is a krug .
despite the emphasis on personal privacy here in some respects , many web sites here already require users to register with that national id number , which is checked against the government database of names and numbers .
members of hezb i islami have stopped and refrained from brother killing and from the destruction of the country and assumed political activity because it believes the americans , like the british and russians , will pull out of afghanistan , said the statement obtained by reuters on thursday .
they ve already got twentieth century fox picking up most of the tab .
among the guests were politicians , mountaineers and friends .
nader was criticized by some democrats in for allegedly pulling away support from democrat al gore and helping george bush win the white house .
one bit of old algarve magic still glitters quietly in the sun salema .
but j . david farrell , the attorney for year old dillon cossey , said his client had no warning that pekka eric auvinen was preparing the rampage that left eight people dead at his high school outside helsinki .
, when the two koreas hold joint celebrations to honor their independence day .
dna tests confirm the bones found in orlando are those of year old caylee anthony .
wrapping up apple tv is taking a few weeks longer than we projected , and we now expect to begin shipments mid march , apple spokeswoman lynn fox said monday .
in montreal , organizers said , people took part in their anti war rally . police refused to give a figure .
and they all come together to watch or they share with a friend , said faris .
we re talking salary cap here , and the ap s mark smith is live at the white house with the story
more than , foreign cars were sold in the first quarter this year , accounting for nearly percent of all new registrations in the january march period .
south carolina also is shaping up to be the last stand for former sen . john edwards . he won the state s primary in but is coming off a disappointing finish saturday in nevada , where he got only percent of the vote . i got my butt kicked .
the ap s rita foley is live in washington with the numbers .
china and russia have argued that the situation in burma is a purely internal matter .
murray made the crucial break in the fifth game of the first set , but needed all three break points before clinching a lead .
lvmh told afp the decision was a major coup against illegal internet sales .
driving rain has forced some to return to the rubble of their homes .
kim jong hoon , the chief korean negotiator in the korea u . s . free trade negotiations , sounded unsure about whether the negotiations would ultimately be successful .
musharraf has chosen a successor very carefully who will continue his policies and he will be as pro western as general musharraf is , nizami told cnn international last month .
presidents have differed greatly , however , on the question of which passage the bible should be opened to during the swearing in ceremony .
the policy , begun in the s , prohibits most couples from bearing more than one child .
north korea s threat last week to test a nuclear weapon may have given greater urgency to improved relations between the two countries , correspondents say .
he suggests calling it mexican flu , since the strain apparently started in mexico .
in his weekly radio and youtube address , obama has called on congress to work with his incoming administration to help struggling workers .
police also found a rusted pistol in the estate where the remains of an estimated people were found , said moscow city police spokesman yevgeny gildeyev .
ward had said the rezoning would increase his property value , allowing him to secure a loan to offset debt he incurred when he expanded his shop .
the boat apparently set sail from southern senegal on october with people aboard and its motor failed last week off morocco s coast , much further to the north .
so when he had a chance to act on his speech , he chose silence instead , clinton told an audience at george washington university .
the floor leaders of the major parties wednesday agreed to delay the revision of the constitution until after april but president roh moo hyun urged the parties and their presidential contenders to provide more binding commitment .
south korean negotiators in afghanistan have reached a deal with taliban militants holding south korean christian aid workers for over a month , a presidential spokesman in seoul said tuesday .
foreign companies accelerates m a to korean mobile phone manufactures .
automotive analyst lincoln merrihew says whatever the deal is , it is going to cost a lot of money .
obama leads clinton in overall delegates , to , , according to cnn calculations .
she told a vietnamese newspaper in march that she would stay at home to help pax adjust to his new life .
a senior au officer told ap , there is a war going on between the rebels and the government , and the au is crunched in the middle .
but a government spokeswoman specified the agreement is not a substantive one .
ronaldo crowned fifa world player of year
homes have been flooded , cars as well , in parts of mississippi and alabama about one hundred roads in southern mississippi impassable because of the flooding .
coalition troops killed the al qaeda terrorist who masterminded the february attack on samarra s al askariya mosque and set off continuing violence and reprisal killings between sunnis and shiites , the u . s . military said sunday .
justice secretary raul gonzalez blasted the report , saying it was based only on the stories coming from the left and ignored government evidence of alleged atrocities by communist rebels .
the two leaders of taiwan and china will have a historic meeting .
labor problems involving hyundai s strike prone labor union were also left to fester .
on most nights , he returned to his home in central baghdad
first with his economic team , and then with congressional leaders on an economic stimulus package he d like to sign right after taking office .
it s been years since indy literally rode off into the sunset in indiana jones and the last crusade , but like marion , could anyone doubt that the world s most famous tomb raider would come back into our lives one day ?
the independent counsel will look into the allegations against lee , which include stock price manipulation .
u . s . and iraqi troops killed some , militants and took over , prisoners in clearing falluja of rebels , sattler said , but a u . s .
clinton has recently been claiming a lead over obama in the popular vote , a debatable claim , especially because the democratic national committee doesn t count the votes of florida and michigan , which clinton does .
while they await word of the piano s origin and fate , hutton laughed .
but an appeals court overruled the ban , saying it would hurt business and that the safety problems did not warrant halting air traffic , according to ap .
tony blair has announced he will stand down as british prime minister on june th .
a new video from al qaeda no . man ayman al zawahiri addresses the issue of setting a timetable for withdrawal of troops from iraq .
de jesus flouts traditional vows of poverty .
in the wake of an emergency order that musharraf issued last november , at least judges were arrested some jailed and others placed under house arrest .
overall , percent of vaccinated workers got sick , compared with percent of the unvaccinated group .
fernandez won percent of the vote against a divided opposition on october .
police arrested a year old man tuesday after he confessed to the premeditated arson of namdaemun the year old south gate in central seoul out of anger against the government over a land compensation dispute .
in fact , the case shiller index shows houses are selling for about what they were back in .
police said there were fewer than the huge crowds seen at the last major peace rally , when london experienced its biggest ever street protest .
but he was forced to emigrate to the united states when maj . chun doo hwan took power in a coup in and evicted yi s family from the royal palace .
cheap foreign labor is drawn into the city from the impoverished lower class of india , pakistan and bangladesh , forming the vital underpinnings to dubai s spectacular building boom .
in fact , leung refused to take a lie detector test .
it was the first for bruni , an italian born heiress who had a major modeling career and a well publicized love life .
mccain also won connecticut , illinois , missouri , new jersey , new york , oklahoma , delaware and arizona , his home state , according to cnn projections .
flight controllers on monday also planned to test the space station s thrusters , which have not been used since the crash last week of the russian computers , which control orientation and oxygen
activists have criticized south korea for not putting enough pressure on north korea over its appalling human rights record .
yet it is honda that stole the march with the presentation at geneva of a driveable fuel cell powered vehicle until now , such things had been confined to test beds and highly experimental prototypes .
the defendants arranged to have ivory from cameroon , ivory coast and uganda shipped into the united states disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues , authorities said .
france s public transportation network came to a halt thursday as public sector workers staged a series of strikes in what is seen as the first big test for president nicolas sarkozy s government .
the u . s . , israel and others believe iran is trying to build atomic bombs , despite iran s insistence that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
resident registration numbers would not be used in cyberspace .
the army says it has killed at least militants since saturday evening , the same day u . s . president george w . bush said he was troubled by intelligence reports suggesting al qaeda was becoming entrenched in pakistani tribal areas .
current plans call for daily flights to or from taiwan , the agency reported .
the coalition of charities and other groups behind wednesday s demonstrations have called on those taking part to wear suu kyi masks and the white cloth of burmese political prisoners .
qualcomm retains source technologies for code division multiple access cdma , one of two main platforms that enable mobile communication with cell phones .
south korea and the united states will open their high level negotiations in seoul today to wrap up their protracted free trade agreement fta talks in fewer than seven days .
an overflow crowd watched the historic proceedings , with reporters sitting on one another s laps in the crowded press gallery .
the appeals court ordered a hearing to set a new fine .
the american heart association also has a risk calculator for women .
talabani condemned the cowardly act and called for the perpetrators to be brought to justice .
hong kong s hang seng index defied the trend and was up . percent .
italy has refused to accept the us report s findings and is to publish its own version of events later this week .
the rest , dating from the s and covering recent history , will be released over the coming years .
a e television invites facebookers to earn money by parking , legally or not , on their friends streets .
firefighters said they had fought more than such blazes since thursday .
venture capital funds , no longer showing big returns , invest less money .
photographers were among the first to reach the scene of the crash , witnesses have testified .
israel s foreign ministry said the open border posed a security risk .
president roh moo hyun expressed conditional support for north korea s right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
it looks to me that the agreement is coming together , bush said , adding that russian president vladimir putin should welcome nato as a group of nations dedicated to peace .
the s era factory zone has been transformed into a bohemian oasis with galleries , cafes , bookstores , outdoor sculptures , and graffiti splashed on old factory walls .
fifty six percent of about poll respondents said they do not believe sexual orientation can be changed .
however , the health ministry in seoul insists that he is not guilty of any moral or legal wrongdoing , as the eggs were given voluntarily , without the professor s knowledge , and before south korea introduced a bioethics law in january .
twelve people were also detained in the operation .
we are all sad about xiang xiang , but it doesn t mean the project has failed , zhang hemin , the center s head , was quoted as saying by xinhua . the lessons we have learnt from what happened to xiang xiang will help us adapt and improve the project .
dominica authorities have worked to ease the journey the trail , though often steep and wet , is well maintained , with wooden steps in parts .
taiwan lost its bid for representation in the un .
instead , she noticed something she didn t expect female barn swallows tended to choose mates with the darkest breast feathers .
as president barack obama approaches the end of his first days , more americans indicate the country is on the right track .
on the third and last day of the rare talks in pyongyang , the two sides only agreed to discuss the thorny issue again at future general grade talks to be held at an early date .
he was responding to the korean supreme prosecutors office s announcement of its interim conclusion on the long running investigation of lone star s investment in keb .
but he told lawmakers that failing to deploy additional combat troops posed too great a risk to progress achieved so far by the mission .
i was up there , laughing my butt off , so
further , in an endurance test at a texas laboratory , the bioengineered muscle turned out to contract efficiently two and a half times longer than regular muscle .
iraqi vice president tariq al hashimi made his comments in an interview with cnn .
john mccain , r arizona , a presidential hopeful , said that we are starting to turn things around in the iraq war and that a timeline for withdrawal would embolden the terrorists in iraq and elsewhere . watch mccain assess iraq s future
in washington , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said president bush has been grateful for british support in the past and
abe is set to deliver a speech on friday in which he is expected to clarify his foreign policies .
israel launched a late , costly ground offensive with the security council nearing completion of its cease fire resolution .
if you progress to an offer stage , this is the time for a discussion regarding personal obligations , moran suggests .
i have a new outlook on life .
abdullah ahmad badawi was sworn in at a . m . gmt in front of king mizan zainal abidin , the constitutional monarch , and dozens of government dignitaries in the national palace s glittering throne room . the ceremony was telecast live .
i thought , wow , wouldn t it be something if everybody just wrote that little story down and gave it to him ?
a review of sexual abuse sentences in aboriginal queensland has been ordered .
aquarium officials are compiling a list of possible names for the calf , which appears to be thriving .
her latest house arrest began in and has been renewed annually for the last five years .
the new president of the maldives wants to relocate
us troops have launched two raids against shiite militias in baghdad , according to reports .
two pitchers , both as rural as hay , are now working for the pittsburgh pirates .
she said in response to a barrage of questions from reporters .
let s get the morning after report live from capitol hill with the ap s jerry bodlander
albert einstein was more than an einstein .
feld says it will increase its inspection of the monster trucks that are used in that show .
the number of militants killed in the nearly week long operation is .
woman wants to get resume off her chest
the bees had likely been used to help pollinate an almond orchard in sacramento , california , the sacramento bee newspaper said .
she died monday of heart failure at her summer house in greenwich , connecticut , publicist howard j . rubenstein told cnn .
sarkozy said he will lobby for tougher sanctions on iran when he attends the u . n . general assembly session in new york next week .
clinton has been hitting obama hard after he referred to some small town pennsylvanians as bitter people who cling to guns and religion at a fund raiser last week .
kurt vonnegut , the satirical novelist who captured the absurdity of war and questioned the advances of science in darkly humorous works such as slaughterhouse five and cat s cradle , died wednesday . he was .
board of education , the landmark supreme court civil rights decision that declared school segregation illegal .
the arrest on monday coincided with a search for a woman suspected of stabbing three people in the arm at a crowded train station in the western city of osaka .
it s the disney difference , says the ship s youth activities manager , shannon quinn , who oversees a multilingual staff of more than counselors , all of whom come aboard with substantial experience working with children .
the rings are different from the picture we had in our minds , said larry esposito of the university of colorado at boulder , who led the study done using ultraviolet imaging .
throughout the s , the united states relied on a negotiated framework to keep north korea from gain ing nuclear weapons .
many are wondering what president bush will say in his prime time speech to the nation about the iraq war , but it s worth noting one phrase they surely will not hear stay the course .
name dropping some possibilities for the supreme court
the militarists of japan and the communists in korea and vietnam killed americans because we stood in the way of their attempt to force this ideology on others .
the suicide blast occurred in the city s commercial district , moments before lawyers were set to begin a rally outside the high court in the eastern pakistani city to protest the rule of president pervez musharraf .
on tuesday , the year old was told that while he wouldn t be expelled he would receive a zero on the assignment section of the chemistry course , which was worth percent of his final grade .
but we still have to make further consultation discussions so as to confirm all the progress we have been made .
indonesia canceled its second alert about minutes later .
without intervention , they could grow up to become a lost generation of migrant professional killers . javascript cnnvideo play , video world koinange . night . commuters . cnn ,
the omni directional dielectric mirror was created by professor yoel fink , a then year old student in material science at the massachusetts institute of technology mit in .
. million young people need care .
ahead of the speech , a white house official said bush would reveal newly declassified information about the links between al qaeda and al qaeda in iraq .
we consider it very meaningful to deploy the air defense missiles close to metropolitan tokyo , which is the center of business and political activities , kazumasa echizen , the iruma air base public information chief , said in a statement . we will continue our efforts to be ready for any possible emergencies .
name tags were one of several changes the agency said were under consideration .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has won an informal un security council vote to find secretary general kofi annan s successor , diplomats say .
four other people remain missing from tropical storm mitag , as another weather disturbance tropical depression hagibis continued to approach western palawan island , disaster relief officials and forecasters said .
an amateur scientist has captured what loch ness monster watchers say is among the finest footage ever taken of the elusive mythical creature reputed to swim beneath the waters of scotland s most mysterious lake .
the teen stomped around , squawking .
president obama has picked new york city s health commissioner to head the centers for disease control and prevention .
battered by slow revenue growth and the popularity of social networking web sites , yahoo ! inc . is poised to lay off hundreds of workers , according to published reports .
if one part of the political elite disagrees with another part of the political elite that is the only way in russia to change the regime . i try to move that .
president roh said our interest is to help pyungyang accept a market economy .
we have only our own ingenuity and we have no hope of a meaningful solution unless we find a way to work together , branson said .
and experts estimate the population could fall below million by .
it doesn t have to be attached to the ceiling , but a cleverly positioned mirror , or even a mirrored piece of furniture , can really spice things up .
east timor declared a state of emergency tuesday after attacks on the country s top leaders in a failed coup left the president in extremely serious condition with gunshot wounds .
this is the first time that the two new defense chiefs have met since their inauguration .
and dogs deserve justice .
this case shows that we may need to tighten the rules on screening teachers said a thai government spokesman overseeing educational affairs .
sen . barack obama s grandmother , madelyn dunham , has died following a bout with cancer , obama and his sister , maya soetoro ng , said monday .
israeli jets pounded hamas targets in gaza and hamas militants launched more rockets into israel , as palestinian security sources said sunday that at least people had been killed and hundreds wounded .
kim jong hoon , korea s delegation head , said before leaving for the talks , trade remedies and pharmaceuticals are what we are going to focus on .
but only a dozen or so kilometers have been restored .
two female bombers struck in diyala province on monday and tuesday .
french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday he was leaving open the possibility he may skip the opening ceremonies because of the protests .
the company added that it has not yet been allowed to examine the vehicle and does not know if the accident was caused by tire failure .
the federal reserve has issued more than billion in things like treasury bills to help meet the demand for safe assets .
they did it discreetly .
kevin mcenery said he witnessed the shooting .
at a news conference in kingston jamaica , the commissioner of police , lucius thomas , said a review of the pathology by experts from britain and elsewhere concurred that woolmer had not been strangled .
at roanoke memorial hospital , one patient was in serious condition with gunshot wounds , spokesman eric earnhart said .
yang accused a few individuals and groups of wanting to politicize the games .
i think that i wanted the film to feel sort of like a bullet . it . . . keeps us on the edge of the seat until the last frame . but at the same time , that there is sort of an emotional texture to bond s character , which was very important to me , he told cnn .
he told authorities that none of the miners was seriously hurt , said sgt . carla coslovich , a spokeswoman for victoria s state police .
zach petkewicz was in class when the shooting at norris began and everyone went into a frenzy , a panic .
the briefers said the quds forces answer directly to iran s supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , and that orders for their operations come from the highest levels of the government .
the european parliament on thursday adopted a resolution demanding that japan apologize to and compensate women it mobilized as sex slaves before and during world war ii .
kim hyuk kyu raised suspicion that lee s wife violated laws by camouflaging residencies in gangnam , an area where opulent houses and prestigious schools are located .
abe s apology was his clearest yet since the conservative leader triggered international furor earlier this month by saying there was no evidence that women were coerced into sexual service during the war .
some of those will have toxic substances in the glue , he noted .
the patrol were later engaged by another large taliban force in a contact which lasted over two hours .
eta declared a permanent cease fire in march , raising hopes for an end to the violence , but the car bomb at madrid s airport shattered the fledgling peace process .
several miles of coast in california have been closed after a year old man died in a rare shark attack .
congress has opened hearings on the collapse of lehman brothers .
told cnn the new palestinian government is seeking intensive and active cooperation from israel to ensure that the chaos that recently gripped gaza does not re emerge in the west bank .
prime minister tony blair s office said it was in touch with ford about the review .
turn off the television !
saturday s results in nevada and south carolina did little to establish a clear front runner in either party s race for presidential nominee . new york sen . hillary clinton won nevada but captured fewer delegates in what is shaping up as two person race .
paris hilton won t appeal the day jail term she was sentenced to earlier this month for violating probation , according to court documents filed thursday .
the hike is a six hour round trip that runs through dense rainforest and over mountain ridges before emerging in the valley of desolation an eerie , treeless swath of volcanic devastation striped black and orange with mineral deposits and swirling with mist and steam .
a yemeni official says the news surprises him since hamdan wasn t due to be released until january .
chavez is using his country s vast oil wealth to reach out to ordinary latin americans and to court other leftist leaders .
an odor eliminator has no odor .
according to allmusic , the band broke up once more after its release .
she stressed that curators recognize hitler needs to be treated with sensitivity .
millions of computers are being thrown on scrapheaps across europe , creating a high tech hazard for the environment .
the council s wrangling over the resolution centered on wording .
the joong ang ilbo reports a final report will be submitted to the secretariat of the un s nuclear watchdog on nov .
if the election laws are rewritten , most college freshmen would be able to vote in elections .
mccain s comments come in response to remarks obama made tuesday night in a debate with sen . hillary clinton .
the use and lifetime extension of nuclear power plants could provide an important contribution to emission cuts , the report said .
in a separate incident police arrested two foreign journalists one of them a reporter for the new york times in a raid on a hotel in the capital city .
a sixth defendant the former governor of the region where the gas attacks occurred was cleared on all charges .
the group estimates up to million americans suffer from the condition .
seven other suspected militants were arrested with him .
the year old niece of benazir bhutto , who says pakistani party politics do nothing but support military rule .
the official said the island was still awaiting the government s plans for pumping the remaining fuel from the ship .
these guys were kind of taking their time taking a stretcher out of the ambulance , then they went into the house , said neighbor geoffry white , , who lives directly across the street .
the remedy for this nutritional problem is relatively simple and straightforward , and i ve already begun treatment , jobs wrote in a letter addressed to the apple community .
observers are keen to see whether the gnp will continue with its record of sweeping election victories in recent years .
another good thing to use is rubber gloves .
my conclusion is that external risks will have a greater impact on the economy .
the shrill tone of thursday s public statements indicated the behind the doors negotiations were difficult .
daniel day lewis won best actor for his performance as a misanthropic oilman in there will be blood .
musharraf dismissed criticism that the boycott had undermined the legitimacy of the election .
he added , the people understand that we should be eu members , that this is in our national interest . we re not going to relinquish kosovo or becoming eu members .
the equipment had to be removed , and because of a looming deadline for ending all shuttle flights , nasa does not have room on its remaining missions to return the tank to earth .
according to the coalition , no civilians were killed or wounded during the clashes .
foreign minister ban ki moon abruptly reversed course yesterday , announcing that he would visit tokyo as scheduled on thursday .
but the themes of this day he would know
among the dead is a month old girl .
pakistan s deputy ambassador farukh amil , whose country heads the group of which represents mainly developing countries and china , told the council tuesday that its debate not only infringes on the authority of other u . n . organs but compromises the rights of the general membership of the united nations .
police arrested more than people during the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft .
the chinese government has refused to publicly confirm kim s visit .
christie s calls it a bold and imposing example of the stark power of lucian freud s realism , depicting the forceful and undeniable physical presence of people and things .
a senior u . s . official familiar with the incident told cnn , it was a mistake ordered by a low level commander , the official said .
brown said that because there is no forthcoming co operation , then action has to be taken .
kang was speaking three weeks after lone star funds canceled a plan to sell korea exchange to kookmin , citing seoul prosecutors prolonged investigation of lone star s investment .
the internet company is not opposed to some sort of financial deal , but the current offer is too low , chairman roy bostock and chief executive jerry yang said in a letter responding to microsoft chief steve ballmer .
cardinals coach ken whisenhunt says he likes being the underdog
the senior investigator said police believed the men , who have yet to be charged , hold crucial clues about the bombing .
the president today is underscoring his concerns for middle class families stressed by rising tuition .
he said south korea has already asked the north to delete some sensitive parts of the performance before roh watches it .
u . s . assistant secretary of state matthew bryza said tuesday after talking to the georgian leadership and opposition in tbilisi that he had been given official assurances that the state of emergency will be lifted friday .
witnesses and a hospital official said the strike killed four people and wounded six others .
al zaidi , who faces a prison term if convicted , carried out the act in front of hundreds of reporters , photographers and cameramen at a baghdad press conference given by bush and iraqi prime minister nouri al maliki .
this time , the question was a little easier for miss teen south carolina .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
this is a grave situation for all , federline s attorney , mark vincent kaplan , said outside the courthouse .
the warner bros . tale of revenge transcended gender , appealing to older women as well as men who might naturally be expected to enjoy the violent , r rated film .
blame it on the early school start time and their circadian rhythms the mental and physical changes that occur in a day .
the korea times reports south korea finds itself increasingly at odds with the united states over how to deal with the adamant north korea as pyongyang adopts a more hardline policy in the face of growing pressures from the outside .
they ve had no structural damage .
they lost their lives fighting for the safety of our citizens , charleston mayor joseph p . riley jr . said .
major companies reported record earnings and the stock market is revising records almost daily .
he is now a professor of biological sciences at columbia university in new york .
luckily we live in a world where women can overlook the physical and focus on things more important , like having a good personality . . . or being on a tv show , the year old actor comedian says .
a squid as long as a bus and weighing pounds washed up on an australian beach , officials said wednesday .
the bbc is reporting an investigation into fraud allegations against a leading south korean presidential candidate has been reopened just days before the vote .
the scholars who analyzed the greek inscription on one of the ossuaries after its discovery read it as mariamene e mara , meaning mary the teacher or mary the master .
the iranian boats made threatening moves toward the u . s . ships and in one case came within yards of one of them , the u . s . officials said .
strong protest rallies were also held in japan , taiwan and cambodia .
chrysler says it s reached a tentative agreement with the uaw that puts it one step closer to a partnership with italy s fiat .
on saturday , the police department issued new statistics showing that the city s murder rate for march was down about percent from march .
nancy reagan , wife of the late president ronald reagan , is hospitalized in california after suffering a broken pelvis , according to spokeswoman joanne drake .
he said he did not understand why people were calling them unfair .
crocker met sunday in baghdad with iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari in preparation for the meeting , zebari s office said .
customs regulations specify that a training suitcase be used for such exercises , but the official had used passengers suitcases for similar purposes in the past , domestic media reported .
earlier , in karrada , car bombs exploded at a supermarket and at a government facility where identity cards are issued , killing nine people , three of them police officers , the official said . the blasts also wounded people .
it was the world s first comprehensive study of sword swallowing injuries , said co author dan meyer of antioch , tennessee , one of only a few dozen active sword swallowers in the world .
the temple is one of the most important in the sacsayhuaman site , camacho said .
the pan european ftseurofirst index ended . percent weaker at , . , paring a . percent gain in the past four straight sessions .
he did not however elaborate on the possible changes of the inter korean projects .
later , at historic jamestowne , she toured the archaeological museum and the excavation of the north bulwark of the james fort .
the most successful meme today is lolcats , pictures of cats captioned with a unique blend of text speak , fractured grammar and internet in jokes .
bill clinton cannot possibly seriously believe obama is not a patriot , and cannot possibly be said to be helping instead he is hurting his own party . b . bill clinton should never be forgiven .
french president nicolas sarkozy has said he may skip the opening ceremony . german chancellor angela merkel said she will skip the olympic games . britain s prince charles said in january he has no plans to attend the ceremony .
roma , who lost to inter in the last two finals , were desperate to avoid a third straight defeat and quickly doubled their lead when daniele de rossi diverted a volley from philippe mexes into the net on five minutes .
another source confirmed yesterday that kim s special train is still in sinuiju u . s . and south korean intelligence agencies , sources in beijing said , believe kim may begin his trek to beijing within a day or two .
an estimated , palestinians are still held in israeli prisons .
all the uncertainty has treasury secretary hank paulson , talking about the government maybe buying into more banks .
many had been badly mutilated , iraqi authorities said .
london , england cnn china s ambassador to london may pull out of the olympic torch relay planned for this weekend , officials at the chinese embassy said thursday .
the khalani mosque also was damaged in the blast , authorities said . video from the scene showed part of the wall surrounding the mosque collapsed .
there ll be a photo op in the oval office before the five adjourn to swap stories and advice in the president s west wing dining room .
ones using other languages characters , such as chinese or arabic .
the sun posted an edited portion of the video on its web site .
this committee confirms that its precursor , the korea central intelligence agency kcia , undertook a kidnapping in japan , and expresses deep regret over this .
although beckham played for minutes in his much hyped galaxy debut against chelsea on saturday , yallop said the england midfielder needed more time to recover .
the dead infants found at a frenchman s house in southern seoul are suspected to be sons of the resident , according to a dna test .
cnn space , the final frontier , is about to add an asian flavor .
women also use kissing as a bonding gesture , as well as to monitor the status of the relationship .
as nudist resorts become increasingly upscale , catering to baby boomers and retirees with plenty of disposable income , they re less affordable for college students and young families .
the broader s p charts index gained . percent , erasing the session s losses .
supporters and opponents of same sex marriage are out in full force at the state house .
organizers of the event , which saw a procession of flaming torches march through the historic town before igniting a bonfire and detonating the effigy , say the politically themed pyrotechnics were not meant to cause offense .
some taiwanese hope lien can win beijing s trust . but taiwan s president chen shui bian and his ruling democratic progressive party which favors independence from china says beijing is using the visit to try to split public opinion .
president bush plans to visit russian president vladimir putin in the russian coastal town of sochi next month at putin s invitation , national security adviser stephen hadley told reporters wednesday .
if the plan catches on , it s hoped up to a trillion dollars worth of toxic paper can be swept off the balance sheets of america s struggling banks .
we were feeling pretty excited this morning although slightly apprehensive about the journey ahead , but we have proved the success of the high speed line .
madeleine s parents , kate and gerry mccann , have campaigned internationally for the safe return of their daughter , including having a meeting with pope benedict xvi and securing support from soccer star david beckham .
a year old man opened fire with a rifle inside a mall crowded with christmas shoppers in omaha , nebraska , on wednesday , killing eight people and then himself , police said .
we took the decision to raise fuel prices , finding no other way to reduce revenue losses , m . tamim , an aide to bangladesh s interim government , said .
scientists were unsure what set off the avalanches and whether they occur frequently or only during the spring .
then it started crawling up my neck and began suffocating me .
the bbc reports taliban rebels in afghanistan have released south koreans women and two men out of a group of hostages that they have been holding .
the huge explosion ripped through the upscale christian neighborhood of horsh tabet in east beirut , killing ghanem and four others and wounding , according to the red cross and a high ranking government official .
abe s trip will not match the farewell u . s . visit of his predecessor as prime minister , junichiro koizumi .
is to think hard about how governments , businesses and citizens can help create conditions that encourage individual initiative and a vibrant civic life .
his ideas have permeated pop culture to such an extent that much of what we understand about the sexes , relationships , films and books can be seen as reflected through a freudian mirror .
no violent incidents were reported .
he found the necklace about seven years ago , he said , but researchers kept quiet for fear that looters would raid the site . they also wanted to allow time for chemical analysis before announcing their discovery on tuesday .
the malaysian opposition leader , anwar ibrahim , has said he has the support of enough mps to topple the government but is waiting for the right moment .
in the process , it has started drawing tourists to an area that is usually off the beaten track .
she recounted their last day at the white house , waltzing down a long hallway in her husband s arms .
breaking from its usually stern rhetoric , north korea expressed condolences to the united states over the weekend for victims of a massive hurricane that has devastated the u . s .
we heard about , shots , and on our way our we did see someone down by the escalator , bleeding , jennifer cramer told ketv .
mateus had to be rushed to a hospital and needed stitches on his chest where he was bitten .
meanwhile , a hour curfew was lifted in the northern city of kirkuk following a huge security operation .
i want to thank the los angeles county sheriff s department and staff of the century regional detention center for treating me fairly and professionally , said hilton in a statement from her attorney , richard a . hutton .
the death in iraq of an archbishop who was kidnapped two weeks ago has provoked furious condemnation .
many foreign investors coming to south korea on new business opportunities are surprised at how expensive it is to stay here , with lodging and food expenses topping their list of complaints .
the elegant exterior of the church , built with sumptuous slabs of pale yellow onyx and light violet breccia marble , is a marvelous combination of gothic , byzantine and romanesque features .
but even when all these new coaches are rolling , commuter trains will have to carry . times their capacity at peak hours .
the national institute of scientific investigation conducted dna tests of the infants bodies and of dna samples from the couple .
senior government officials had pledged to take action on the won if necessary , but analysts said the change yesterday was too great to be considered merely the result of talking up the currency s value or dollar selling by exporters .
al hayyes said abu reesha was leaving his home to go to his nearby farm , a daily routine , when he was attacked .
the red sox are at the angels in the al later today .
air force firing range will be shut down next year .
the mood was set as early as the fifth minute when good work from alexander hleb on the left set up cesc fabregas and the spanish midfielder curled a superb strike into the top corner of goalkeeper martin vaniak s net .
the destruction of the town was in apparent retaliation for a suspected rebel attack on a nearby african union peacekeeping base .
does anyone know the moms and dads of these five babies ?
the former new york mayor once led in florida and most national polls , but his plummeting numbers are causing some to question his strategy .
web . , the current buzzword in the internet industry , is defined by a set of core principles and practices such as participation , collective intelligence and richer user experiences .
burma s military government appointed a liaison for ms .
the bay we re anchored in darwin bay at tower island also known as genovesa island is in fact a caldera formed by an ancient volcano , and we walk around looking at more birds than i ve ever seen in one place
if the threat of war were to escalate too far , the economy could shrink this year instead of growing at . percent as forecast by the central bank , he said .
three of the attackers were also killed in a gun battle with security forces after the assault , karzai s government said , but the taliban said three insurgents got away .
a twist , the opposition approved one of the government appointments for deputy , former boj executive director masaaki shirakawa , , now a kyoto university professor , who won supporting votes from the chamber , while seven legislators opposed him .
gail cooper , on whose description the sketch was drawn , said she first saw the man on april a few days before madeleine s disappearance .
but efforts to ease military tension remain sluggish due to the north s lackluster response .
at the american museum of natural history , paleontologists have unveiled a nearly complete fossilized skeleton of a primate that lived million years ago .
, saying it poses a clear threat to the goal of a nuclear free korean peninsula .
today , however , plastic surgery , hair dyeing and piercing are booming industries .
furthermore , with the threat of a deep global economic recession looming , the unwto doesn t expect the travel and tourism industry to recover until later next year .
a museum at a shrine to japan s war dead says the people of nanjing were once again able to live their lives in peace after the japanese army took over the city .
the second floor of the pavilion , atop mount paldal in suwon , gyeonggi province , was gutted .
in a statement attributed to al sadr and released in najaf on sunday the cleric purportedly said insurgents should not be killing iraqis and that iraqi police and troops should be on the side of the militias .
she fell feet into the uncovered well while playing tuesday night in a village near agra , a northern indian city outside new delhi .
the ocean tides have a lot of influence on the river s currents and sometimes they are so strong that i am pushed backward .
and his vision for the future of the prosecutors office and the increased role of prosecutors reflected his desire for championing human rights .
professors have in principle agreed to take countermeasures , including abandoning its bid to open a law school , said ha kyung ho , the dean of the college of law , emerging from the meeting that lasted more than two hours .
oxygen s talk sex call in show with colorful septugenarian educator sue johanson is ending its run after six seasons , the network announced tuesday .
what we can t do and won t do is reward north korea for their behavior .
she said wilson s statement asking for privacy was all that was being released .
miura was convicted of murder in japan over his wife s killing , but that verdict was overturned in .
cnn the united states officially recognized kosovo the balkan province which split from serbia on sunday as an independent nation on monday , secretary of state condoleezza rice said in a written statement .
a tam airline passenger plane carrying as many as people crashed tuesday while attempting to land at sao paulo s congonhas domestic airport , the airline said . the statement did not say how many people were on board . there was no immediate word on survivors .
he thinks two factors gave his chimps the edge .
firefighters are gradually getting control of a wildfire that burned acres and has destroyed one home in a rugged area north of los angeles .
the national intelligence service said tuesday that the national assembly and nine other government institutes related to national security , have recently been attacked by hackers in cyber space .
the finance ministry has announced a plan to ease or abolish about percent of the thicket of regulations and restrictions in financial markets here .
federer had glimpses of success , not least in the second set when he established a lead after breaking nadal twice but his relative weakness on clay was exposed as his opponent rallied .
visitors will also not be able to see the king s face , which was revealed to the public for the first time in egypt this month .
pairs of muddy dogs share each cage , and most of them begin barking as soon as they see visitors .
as has been the case in many primary states , obama won overwhelming support from african american voters .
michael crichton , who helped create the tv show er and wrote the best sellers jurassic park , the andromeda strain , sphere and rising sun , has died in los angeles , his public relations firm said in a news release .
first officer polehinke was pulled from the wreckage of the crash by a police officer who was unable to reach any other victims , according to police . a passenger plane carrying people has crashed shortly after taking off from an airport in kentucky , killing all but one on board .
accused swindler bernard madoff said to be ready to plead guilty next week in new york .
president bush is again pressing congress to quickly pass a billion bailout package to save wall street and main street .
the three men received suspended sentences , ranging from to months , the daily said .
three helicopters were assisting , the country s emergency office said .
the death toll in the widespread flooding in southern mexico rose to eight on saturday as rescuers struggled to evacuate people from rooftops and bring supplies to those protecting their homes from would be looters .
to , and underscored the prospect for more heated negotiations during the next round in january .
some riders , including italian alessandro ballan , took a last opportunity to shine by breaking away during the eight laps of the champs elysees that also took the riders on the quai des tuileries , rue de rivoli and place de la concorde .
however , the commissioners rebuffed two charges opposition leaders raised .
the ruling was in response to a december lawsuit brought by six same sex couples seeking to wed .
he is to attend a benefit for homeless children and a charity auction where he will put a jacket and hat on the block wednesday .
the farmers federations , for their part , announced that the strike will continue for an indeterminate period of time .
jacobs retired in from ktvu tv in oakland , where he worked years as a reporter , anchor and news director .
but travelers will have to be patient for a chance to fly there on a plane in asiana livery the new route will be available only in march , when the total number of korean carrier flights from seoul will increase from seven per week to .
trucks carrying fuel and medicines for hospitals and pharmacies have been let through , but pharmacists warned there could be shortages of medicine in the long run .
but instead of considering obvious undersea hot rods like sharks , the mercedes
the judge also unveiled a warrant for salem chalabi , ahmad s nephew .
i woke up very early to take part in deciding my country s destiny , said justino da costa , a year old cab driver lined up before dawn .
afghan and coalition troops have killed an estimated insurgents in ongoing fighting since tuesday morning near the musa qalah wadi in helmand province , the coalition said .
the illinois democrat received , for the books his best selling memoir , dreams of my father and the audacity of hope , an account of his political journey .
ford predicted obama would not win the presidency if nominated because he is black .
once at the mile long island , the group was to spend days searching for human bones , aircraft parts and any other evidence .
in a bid to inspire the younger generation , the private space frontier foundation is looking for two teachers
a maoist insurgency that began in ended with a cease fire in november . the crown prince massacred members of the royal family and killed himself in .
the index stumbled as the yen fluctuated near a record high against the dollar
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
it called it the first such sale on a regulated exchange .
electronics components maker kyocera , canon inc . and chip tester maker advantest corp . all shed more than percent .
in the future , bluetooth and . wireless lans will have evolved into something that is secure .
westmont college student andrew lloyd was shocked at what he saw from his dorm window
alleged mastermind rabei osman sayed ahmed , known as mohamed the egyptian , was found not guilty but is in prison in italy after being convicted of belonging to an international terrorist group .
the democratic presidential hopeful said if the australian prime minister was ginned up to fight the good fight in iraq , he needs to send another , australians to the war .
because the time for change has come , you know it !
han hyun sook , president of joblink , said yesterday that percent of the , new job listings on its site asked for applicants fluent in a foreign language other than english .
santiago , chile cnn a hacker broke into the web page of chile s presidency and planted the flag of neighboring peru , leaving the site inoperable for about hours until it was restored monday .
he had been accused by an official investigation last month of accepting the equivalent of more than , in bribes to approve hundreds of drugs .
filming was halted after the accident .
during his news conference , the president commented on the nation s psyche , declaring , there s war fatigue in america . it s affecting our psychology . i understand that .
baikonur , kazakhstan cnn a russian capsule carrying two cosmonauts and korea s first astronaut blasted off from the baikonur cosmodrome tuesday , en route to the international space station .
she also won an emmy and a golden globe for s introducing dorothy dandridge .
in terms of difficulties they experienced in their daily life , percent chose communication with koreans because of linguistic limitations of both parties .
attempts have been made to sequence their dna from frozen animals , but that can be complicated by contamination .
he calls the lack of manners a kind of unconscious rudeness , as many people are not aware of what they re doing or the others around them . i m not anti technology at all , he says .
earthquakes centered closer to the surface generally can cause more damage .
but . . . these regions should be nurtured and protected .
buddhists from more than countries are in china for the world buddhist forum communist china s first international religious gathering .
the man was one of five wounded and left in the mosque after marines fought their way through the area .
i am incensed and infuriated to have to respond to such ludicrous misinterpretation .
meanwhile , a purported taliban spokesman said on wednesday that the insurgents still want negotiations despite the expiry of the latest deadline .
the two leaders only agreed to let working level negotiators discuss the issue in june .
the dalai lama said china , as the world s most populous nation , deserves to host the olympics but it must look seriously at repairing its human rights record in order to be a good host .
then he remembered they contained a cashier s check for , , meant for his son , and several hundred dollars in cash .
she huddles in the fetal position , or stands and screams at her attackers , but the assault continues .
liverpool ended chelsea s match unbeaten run in league matches at stamford bridge as xabi alonso s goal gave them a win on sunday .
the artificial heart is expected to cost about , euros or , .
he did not kowtow to his parents and in laws because of his extraordinary height and arthritis in his knees , the official xinhua news agency reported .
which runway would you like at teterboro ?
since it was a very large scale earthquake , we would expect to see some modest aftershocks , he said .
that is launch a political attack targeted toward the domestic market in front of a foreign delegation , he said .
several neighbors said they had searched their yards for dead animals because of the smell .
lahore , pakistan cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice helped persuade pakistan s president pervez musharraf to hold off declaring a state of emergency , high level pakistani government sources said thursday .
angry letters , powder sent to bank branches
the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , however , failed to respond when asked which regulation prohibits journalists from working out of ministry lobbies or rest areas .
the united states and israel have refused to comment on what the target of the strike was .
the survival of the most weakened hostages , like our compatriot ingrid betancourt , who has marked her sixth year of detention by the farc , is at stake , french foreign minister bernard kouchner said in a statement late wednesday , using the spanish acronym for the revolutionary armed forces of colombia .
this is the first time ballack has expressed his disappointment at chelsea manager jose mourinho leaving him out of his squad for the champions league group stage games .
in an interview on nbc s meet the press , obama said
idyllic beaches were turned into fields of debris .
one of the governing party s internal factions , composed of first term lawmakers , yesterday called for an early national convention next january , one month ahead of schedule .
i think projects find me .
there were effectively two statements released , one in korean and one in english , downer said .
i would only say that dadullah was killed in afghanistan and pakistan did not provide any intelligence on dadullah , he said in islamabad .
millions of the stamps will be issued on july as part of the post office s tradition of celebrating social themes and important occasions central to our way of life , said julietta edgar , who is in charge of special stamps at royal mail .
chris in our view is still innocent , so it is still too bad that he got zero for that percent , said nora loreto , president of the ryerson students union .
we re going in the right direction , and we ve just got to keep going until we get the lights of everybody on , and get heat in every home again , and get their telephone service back .
they were made as an internal check on the cia s use of harsh interrogation techniques , believed to include waterboarding , a technique that involves restraining a suspect and pouring water them to produce the sensation of drowning .
why , everyone wondered , was kim confessing now ?
federal prosecutors have investigated blagojevich s administration for at least three years .
the cabinet level meetings the highest channel of dialogue between the koreas are the first concrete sign of eased tensions on the divided peninsula since pyongyang s february agreement at international arms talks to shut down its main nuclear reactor within days .
casualty figures were not available , but the army said it believes each boat could have held five to six people .
why , for instance , should hollywood moguls have paid much attention when the usb standard emerged in the mid s ?
the skywalkers aren t in it , and it s about minor characters , lucas told the times on tuesday .
the trading activity is very light , so the dollar is staying weak .
if you look at the market over the last month , it doesn t take much to get investors whipped into a frenzy , said chris johnson , chief investment officer at johnson research group .
i guess it was just getting worse over time with the loss of his job and i guess issues he had going on with the girlfriend at the time .
we hope this week , absolutely , he added .
a maximum of four seats will be permitted for each type of media outlet in the news transmission rooms .
indian troops have crossed the line of control dividing the disputed kashmir region to help pakistani counterparts rebuild their shattered quarters .
and his family own a fortune equivalent to percent of mexico s gross domestic product .
the caucuses determine how the remaining third of texas delegates are allocated .
shops throughout the city closed down in fear of the demonstrations , he said .
among the panelists gem sweater fashionista leslie hall , tron guy jay maynard , fark . com founder drew curtis and world of warcraft character leeroy jenkins born ben shultz .
the casualties included several women and children , hospital officials said .
usually the water shoots out into the cold vacuum of space as a spray of crystals , but on at least one shuttle mission , in , the water formed a basketball sized chunk of ice on the lip of the vent .
she was arrested last september after police raided a house that she rented in the capital city of hanoi and found dead tigers , bear arms , monkey bones and elephant tusks .
his health ministry is dealing with two unconfirmed cases of the non kosher flu israelis who were in mexico recently .
the united states and north korea made progress thursday in overcoming obstacles that have stalled a major nuclear disarmament deal but remained short of a breakthrough , the chief u . s . negotiator said .
the marek and sesnon blazes have burned more than , acres in the hills and mountains north of los angeles .
a lot of the cars that pull in to luscious garage are toyota prius hybrids , which coquillette calls , the volkswagen beetle of our times .
texas is the biggest prize that day , with democratic delegates up for grabs .
visitors waited in line to offer a flower and bow twice , as is done at a traditional mourning altar for a dead person .
goldsmith also rejected the pregnancy claim .
astrophysicist stephen hawking floated free in zero gravity thursday , becoming the first person with a disability to have the experience .
jones got a special shout out from the outgoing first family .
a source privy to the talks between the two sides told the korea times that the issue of a prisoners swap , the first demand by the taliban , was shelved after president hamid karzai s return from his three day visit to the united states early this month .
clinton kelly of tlc s hit what not to wear also helped with the hosting duties .
chinese president hu jintao launched a copper mining partnership with zambia on sunday and won praise from zambia s finance minister for his focus on economic investment rather than politics .
nancy pressed home their numerical advantage and malonga s goal in the final minute leaves fourth from bottom toulouse two points above the relegation zone .
le clezio said he has always felt like an exile in his own country because of his family s roots in mauritius , a mixed culture with indian , african , and european influences .
saints row features gang violence and allows players to shoot police officers .
when they called at his house in oxfordshire , england , he unwittingly asked if they had seen his youtube video
if both sides carry out their declarations , it means a week of relative calm between israel and gaza .
butch cassidy in the sundance kid
fifty six percent say mccain s policies would be the same as bush , up from percent a month ago .
according to the assets examination committee , the pair set up a company in the british virgin islands called ample rich as part of a scheme to avoid paying taxes on the sale .
bridgeville , in northern california , was the first town ever put on the ebay auction block .
well , look who s still riding high
they re like grass vacuum cleaners , chip clipping away at the vegetation as they move , rubenstein said of the zebras .
the movie , which is still in production , co stars rosario dawson and is directed by the pursuit of happyness filmmaker gabriele muccino .
president roh moo hyun said on thursday that it was wrong to call the northern limit line nll a territorial line , drawing predictable criticism from the conservative opposition grand national party gnp .
a new survey of state highway safety agencies shows fewer traffic deaths last year , an average drop of more than .
the move is not surprising given that pakistan s new government and parliament is dominated by a coalition led by bhutto s pakistan people s party .
some official merchandise for the olympics in communist china has been made using child labor , forced overtime and low wages to boost profits , a report says .
ronaldo , who was runner up to kaka in the voting for european player of the year last week , took his goal tally for the season to , and he has been on target in each of his last five matches .
if there is economic development then the politics is easier . if the people are poor and miserable then it is harder , he said .
and who was smith s next of kin under florida law .
cash only for apartments .
tony was banged up , but christopher was in far more serious condition .
this discovery is good news for anyone interested in learning more about how species of large mammals can go extinct .
jon , while dad saw em out the door , it was mom who got them to school .
and he is lucky .
some fighters from the radical fatah islam group and lebanese soldiers died in intense battles , reports said .
thomsen said the danish security and intelligence service did not discount the possibility that the attack may have been the work of some other militant groups .
he is wearing a green shirt and a brown jacket .
he has straggly or greasy dark hair and is wearing a brown or maroon top and beige chinos .
chelsea began positively and had strong claims for a penalty when central defender martin laursen appeared to wrestle shaun wright phillips to the ground but referee mark clattenburg waved play on .
using satellite data and imagery , the u . s . national snow and ice data center nsidc now estimates the arctic ice pack to cover . million square kilometers . million square miles equal to just less than half the size of the united states .
organizer lance weatherby said about ideas were presented .
pro democracy lawmakers blocked both of his main proposals to expand the committee responsible for electing the chief executive and to increase the size of the legislature .
the cyclone was in the bay of bengal , about miles km south southwest of cox s bazar , with winds of up to mph kph , forecasters said .
credit cards accepted amex , mc , visa .
tom and jerry hate each other .
indonesian television showed widespread damage to buildings on the island , including a hospital that had to be evacuated .
the anti china protests began on march and developed into violent rioting in lhasa .
the and year old boys , both sons of african immigrants , according to police , died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in villiers le bel .
the storm was expected to pour cm of rain on the dominican republic and neighbouring haiti , the us national hurricane center said .
once home , the surf s up until bedtime at a . m .
please , please , do not hurt her .
it will be made following the prosecution s investigation into a stock manipulation scam and allegations that lee myung bak was involved .
she said the quake happened in yutian county , a remote region in the kunlun mountains far from any residential areas .
then he tells the camera he will add the special ingredient .
the attack occurred close to an entrance gate of the city park where ms bhutto had been speaking .
the use of lethal injection will be expanded in china to replace execution by shooting , a senior legal official said in an interview with a government owned chinese newspaper .
the agreement , under which tribal leaders are supposed to curb militant activities , is the way forward , musharraf said , arguing that tribesmen are best turned against the militants with economic aid and political measures .
besides smoking , other causes for the rise in the disease include high fat diets including fast food and decreased physical activity , reflective of increasingly western lifestyles , the report found .
however , the korea times reports , it fell short of reaching a conclusion at an emergency meeting of more than professors from the college of law at the school , wednesday .
yahoo continued to reject microsoft s . billion unsolicited bid for the company monday .
the decision comes amid concerns over reigniting strong opposition against the deal that was sealed in april after about months of laborious negotiations .
official media also reported the us statement about iran s allegedly threatening behavior with skepticism , implying that washington was exaggerating the incident .
there have been two bomb threats at the university this month , the latest of which came friday . flinchum said tuesday they were unrelated to the shootings .
the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog said last week he would meet the north korean government in march to discuss the shutdown of its nuclear arms programme and bringing it back under u . n . supervision .
to artists such as coldplay , norah jones and joss stone , agreed to let itunes sell tracks without the copy protection technology known as digital rights management . the drm free tracks cost cents more than copy restricted versions of emi songs and feature enhanced sound quality .
musharraf says the emergency measure and other suspensions of democracy have been necessary to restore security in pakistan , where clashes between government forces and taliban and al qaeda militants have intensified in recent weeks .
we took the bag outside and used a carbon dioxide fire extinguisher to freeze the snake , killing it , barksdale said .
one the other side , there is the sign of the cross .
it is the first time that a prosecutor general has openly criticized the chief of the supreme court .
denying heated speculation that his visit to pyongyang is part of seoul s efforts to arrange a second inter korean summit talks .
i m happy now because we are out and we are alive , said granny makau , one of the freed miners and one of scores of women working at elandstrand .
the recommendation comes less than a week after federal health officials said they saw little evidence those drugs work in kids .
saudi officials told cnn later that they stand ready to boost their production if the demand materializes .
villagers rioted in southwestern china , attacking officials and burning cars , in protest against attempts to enforce strict family planning policies , witnesses said on monday , the latest in a series of protests nationwide .
they were found in orderly rows , three high , in a room that could have accommodated around hives , mazar said .
what matters is , is that we re responding .
to avoid the need for a second referendum in france , he wants to pass the mini treaty through parliament .
they are asking volunteers on the internet to help classify the galaxies as either elliptical or spiral and note , where possible , in which direction they rotate .
just as sen . clinton herself has questioned obama s qualifications to be president and enact change , so do many of her supporters . the biggest mistake would be to raise taxes and prematurely withdraw from iraq like clinton and obama have proposed , he said .
the ministry said it would soften or remove regulations under financial market related laws by as early as the first half of next year .
abbas is currently in a bitter power struggle with hamas for control of palestinian territory .
mid twenties life circumstances were poor and i really plummeted . the thing that made me go for help . . . was probably my daughter .
under the plan , the roh moo hyun government will be increasing its manpower by , this year , bringing to , the number of new government positions created during the president s five year tenure .
this conference takes place at a historic time .
the order was read out at a news conference in karbala , where fighting on tuesday killed more than people .
he was my patriarch , she said of her cousin .
cheney said the ultimate goal of the iranian leadership is to establish itself as the hegemonic force in the middle east and undermine a free shiite majority iraq as a rival for influence in the muslim world .
more than people were injured .
he warned that the epidemic has spread so quickly that india needed to wake up and take the problem seriously , otherwise millions of people will die .
a high level chong wa dae official said the next day that the government is considering shortening the military service period as part of efforts to maximize the size of the country s productive workforce .
palestinian medical officials said israeli forces have killed palestinians both civilians and militants since moving into the territory saturday night .
it s too early to say , said paul baker , a retiree from niagara falls , new york , who has lived in south carolina about four years .
what is it that went wrong ?
it was a different atmosphere for holzman , who up to that point was known for his label s folk acts , such as judy collins and phil ochs .
the leader of taiwan s main opposition nationalist party , lien chan , is due to have historic talks with chinese president hu jintao in beijing .
expectations for the club had always been high since the first j league season , but they have only recently managed to put together consistent performances and win major trophies .
you can even get a box for one .
the possible involvement of the iranian government in sending weapons to iraq has been a hot topic since unnamed military officials told journalists sunday in baghdad that iran s quds force was providing munitions to shiite groups in iraq .
the visit comes as unconfirmed reports suggested brown was considering a reduction in the number of british troops in the southern iraqi city of basra .
abdulla , who is scheduled to appear at the city of westminster magistrate court on saturday , was charged friday with conspiracy to cause explosions , the spokesman said .
without fanfare and without compensation , hillary spend decades pouring energy and resources from his own fund raising efforts into nepal through the himalayan trust he founded in .
the dalai lama had earlier been denied a visa by fellow nobel peace prize laureate kim dae jung , in what was considered a low point in kim s presidency .
, homes have been evacuated , two firefighters suffering smoke inhalation , two residents suffering substantial burns .
that is one gaping loophole .
andrei lugovoi the man british authorities accuse of poisoning a former russian spy in london last year told reporters thursday he wasn t behind the ex kgb agent s murder , but speculated the british government may have been .
in a report , the korea economic research institute , which is affiliated with the federation of korean industries fki , predicted that if the north korean nuclear issue is not promptly dealt with , it would trigger an ebb in national confidence and cause an outflow of foreign investments , reducing growth to . percent .
she said the changes will erode the gnp s public support .
we are living an injustice , presenter eyla adrian said , according to ap .
diesel now costs on average pound . . a liter in the uk .
a simple photo of interlocking steel chains along with the single headline free them !
new york cnn a new york city college student sued actress lindsay lohan , claiming the mean girls star took her mink coat without permission and kept it for more than two weeks .
and i think there s a growing consensus across the spectrum among economists that we re going to have to do something big , axelrod said sunday on abc s this week .
markets in australia , singapore , south korea , taiwan and the philippines advanced .
his body and head were recovered from a dusty road near baghdad tuesday night .
cnn debra lafave , a former florida middle school teacher convicted of having sex with a student , was arrested tuesday for inappropriate but non sexual contact with a teenage coworker , the hillsborough county sheriff s office said .
but as we were watching their troop movements , and we knew intimate details because we d broken their military and diplomatic codes , as we watched their military troop movements and their political maneuvering , we knew that they were waiting for us to invade .
list price for the book is .
matthew norman , thanh duc tan nguyen and si yi chen each said to have been a courier rather than a mastermind of the operation were each sentenced to life imprisonment after their initial trial .
powerful politicians work just across the way .
a man armed with two pistols hijacked an air mauritania flight thursday but was subdued by two passengers , a spanish official said .
film crew members accused the assembly of rejecting their request because the actress was playing a prostitute elected to parliament .
sometimes there s so much negative in the world , to hear a story like this is reassuring .
washing hands with hot , soapy water before or after handling fresh cantaloupes .
oman evacuated tens of thousands of people wednesday , suspended oil exports , and closed a major port as a weakening cyclone gonu roared toward the strait of hormuz the world s major transport artery for persian gulf oil .
there are thousands , sometimes hundreds of thousands of people in the square , so security screening can be difficult .
that just brought me down , said wie , who went on to putt the th hole , too .
that congress may attempt to regulate the industry .
deforestation and mismanagement of water resources have caused soil erosion , which is responsible for frequent flash floods in jammu kashmir , maqbool said .
but when the parents filed the name with new zealand s registry of births , deaths and marriages , they were told names beginning with a number were against the rules .
she said stalin left a sinister mark on the soviet union and stunted its growth by decimating a generation .
multi storied buildings where each floor rotates individually around a central core , causing the structure to constantly shift shape .
to many americans ears , it sounds normal .
the woman , identified as year old elisabeth f . , has been missing since when she was years old , police said at a news conference .
apparently , it was ordered closed . no one knows why , said shari villarosa , charge d affaires at the u . s . embassy in myanmar .
he then went on a shooting spree .
blagojevich up until this point has boycotted the trial , going on a media tour in new york , doing a slew of tv interviews instead , but yesterday they announced during the trial that the governor wanted to come down and make his own closing statement .
a police web site identified the attacker as mohamed murshid , .
the wimbledon champion took command in the last two sets with powerful serving , smashes and aggressive groundstrokes against her russian opponent .
they warned the action could spread across the nation despite concerns about the danger , inconvenience and distress it would cause patients .
cnn teri garr is known for her acting roles in tootsie and friends , but one man in hollywood will probably remember her best for the way she wields a hammer .
such a situation contradicts russia s interests , peskov told the associated press .
the investigative arm of congress , the gao also found that , pieces of body armor and helmets can t be accounted for .
he also criticized the militants of fatah al islam , who are holed up inside the camp , accusing them of an aggression against the army that was an aggression against all of lebanon .
with the usual auditions on fox , some of them painful , some of them hilarious , simon cowell says the eventual winner needs to be more than just a good singer .
he added he does not resent either the korean or the u . s . government .
north korea agreed to resume the nuclear negotiations , involving china , japan , the two koreas , russia and the u . s . , after the united states offered unspecified concessions during rare bilateral talks in berlin in january .
an afghan defense ministry spokesman said he was not aware of the statement and other government officials were not immediately available for comment .
afghan president hamid karzai is meeting us president george w bush for talks at camp david near washington .
machimura s visit had been intended to repair relations between the two countries , which have been strained by an ongoing row about koizumi s shrine visits , as well as disputes over gas fields and history text books .
in return , the north would take first steps to disarm in days , the japan based choson sinbo said , citing an unnamed source .
there is also the possibility of a meeting to plug gaps before the next round of formal talks scheduled for late october .
bancroft family members owning percent of dow jones co . voting stock have agreed to support rupert murdoch s billion buyout offer , the wall street journal reported tuesday .
we want to avoid the situation getting out of hand , so we need to deepen our efforts to make a breakthrough , hu said .
opponents of zuma warn that if he came to power he would pander to reactionary elements in south africa .
the statement came a day after robertson s account of a fling with fiennes on board the flight and later at a hotel in india was published in a british newspaper .
some researchers link increased observations of them to climate change .
we estimate that a percentage point fall in the u . s . growth rate could still lead to a . to . percent decline in korea , schiff said .
they want some things , we want some things , and we have to sit down and figure out how everything s going to be sequenced .
the government threatened to punish any monks that violate the law , stepping up pressure on clerics who led the protests .
i just heard that my opponent has put out an ad attacking my health care plan , which is kind of curious because my plan covers everybody , and his leaves out million people , just leaves them out in the cold , clinton said at a campaign rally in york , pennsylvania , on saturday .
the pro opposition korea times reports the election watchdog monday ruled that president roh moo hyun again violated the election law requiring public officials to stay neutral ahead of elections .
but russian president vladimir putin said the test launches were disappointing , and stressed the need to resume diplomatic talks .
the bbc is reporting authorities are investigating the death of a man amid reports he may have been killed by an exploding mobile phone battery .
investors seem pleased that wells fargo has agreed to buy struggling wachovia at a . billion deal .
his pakistan muslim league n party was coming second having won seats , with only a few results still to be confirmed .
music camp , a weekly music show broadcast live on saturday afternoons , will be taken off the air , the network decided during an emergency meeting in seoul .
the vigil is the most popular and solemn anniversary event in a weeklong string of concerts , dances , movie screenings and other festivities put on by graceland .
other insurgent attacks on sunday hit a government security convoy and an iraqi military academy , officials said .
edition of yaleglobal online , a publication of the yale center for the study of globalization .
the boat was km miles off the somali coast , when it was attacked on tuesday .
washington cnn the white house said monday it is in constant dialogue with iraq and turkey about the turkish military operation against kurdish rebels in northern iraq .
in the real world , both live in england
under the bargain , officials here have struck with top democrats that czar could recall the loans if carmakers don t restructure .
officials at the uljin nuclear reactors dispatched safety teams but found no problems .
in a meeting held at the jw marriott hotel in seoul , the board of members unanimously approved not to offer a contract extension to laughlin , meaning his tenure will end on july this year .
up to people were aboard the commuter train when it crashed into the rear end of an empty train , which was being moved from one track to another , firefighters and train company officials said .
the bidet sent up smoke in other incidents , the company said .
gynecological health
but when her rule ended , all traces of her mysteriously disappeared , including her mummy .
international talks to persuade north korea to dismantle its nuclear program verged on foundering sunday over the country s demands for energy aid , and would end after one more day of negotiations , envoys said .
thurman said the decision now falls to the dnc rules bylaws committee , which is scheduled to meet again next month .
we ve had enough of the can t do , won t do , won t even try approach from george bush and john mccain , said obama , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination . we can t afford another president who can t be bothered to stand up for working people .
shocked neighbors stood in front of the orphanage as water from fire hoses gushed down the smoldering building s walls and stairs .
ordzhonikidzevskaya , russia ap faced with the possible closure of the camp where he lives along with thousands of other chechen refugees , dzhabrail galuyev says he would rather die than leave .
orth korea is demanding up to , tons of heavy fuel oil a year in exchange for freezing activity at its main nuclear facility in yongbyon , japan s asahi shimbun reported .
people have a grudging respect for new york outside of the city , and have a grudging respect for london . but people outside of toronto don t have that for toronto , they really don t .
these huge , sky blackening dust storms sweep across asia in march and april , bringing with them millions of tons of sand from inner mongolia and depositing it in china and on across the korean peninsula to japan .
blatter said that fifa would begin inspections of all aspects of brazil s bid at the end of august before taking its final decision on october following a meeting of the organization s executive committee .
an eight strong south korean delegation , including a presidential envoy , is in kabul to meet afghan president hamid karzai and negotiate for the hostages release .
security forces have been placed on a state of red alert nationwide .
the tomb was covered in iraqi flags and flowers and flanked by large pictures of a smiling hussein .
baghdad , iraq cnn a powerful and radical shiite cleric implored his followers sunday to stop killing iraqis and focus their violent efforts on ousting american forces from the war torn nation .
china s delayed reporting of a sunken south korean freighter off the chinese coast has angered koreans , while the search for missing crew members continued for a third consecutive day monday .
foreign ambassadors to seoul think korea has average or below market openness .
how might we find out ?
the party , led by park , was a merger between kim dae jung s democratic party and uri party defectors who wanted to separate themselves from roh s influence .
karlovic , who served aces in his two matches , will play paul capdeville .
hariri and others were killed in a huge explosion that occurred as his motorcade was passing through central beirut .
researchers have been working on the questions he posed for decades , and have not settled on a brighter vision of human obedience .
a baltimore native michael phelps got a grand welcome home yesterday
the reason the makers of over the counter , oral cough and cold medicines for infants are voluntarily withdrawing these medicines is that there have been rare patterns of misuse leading to overdose recently identified , particularly in infants , and safety is our top priority , linda a . suydam , the association s president , said in a statement .
we do know that last month they were manufacturing a batch of vaccine that included this strain , he said .
sunshine today and the forecast for the midwest , which has seen wild weather in the past week or so , from sub zero temperatures and blizzard conditions to balmy and rainy , with all the snow melting and the rivers rising .
i think the kunaicho imperial household agency should apologize to her for bullying her into a state of nervous breakdown .
this time , the results were different , dr . brown says .
foreign minister ban ki moon s remarks are seen as a further step over the controversy about the future status and role of the u . s . forces korea usfk , stationed here for more than half a century to deter any aggression from north korea after the korean war .
dressed in a sharp blue suit and hat , the queen then joined mary bomar , the british born director of the national park service , for a walk around a fountain at the center of the memorial .
the interest in those markets comes at a time when the overall number of tourists to hawaii is also declining .
shares had closed at on friday , down percent that day .
bp shut part of the , bpd field after workers discovered a small leak in a inch diameter flow line , said bp alaska spokesman daren beaudo .
he was trained in the north as a spy who would be able to infiltrate the south but his first chance to return and begin the search came only through a defection three decades later .
he lost out to singing adam lambert , the theater actor who rocked the stones satisfaction .
he , of course , is the pilot who brought a us airway s plane safely down on the hudson river at new york
the saturday morning attack killed at least people and wounded others , according to algeria s state run media .
put a smile on one s fa
brazil is tied with colombia for third place in the region with five points .
gendreau says atms , especially in busy places like airports , are full of germs .
the confusion is adding to the distress of relatives of those on board .
tyurin looked pale and tired , but soon managed a smile in a video link with mission control .
the south korean government decided on saturday to send million worth of medical supplies and other emergency relief to north korea following thursday s massive train explosion in ryongchon that killed at least and injured , .
the crisis reflects the rapidly growing fears among turkish secularists that choosing gul as president would harm the country s secular system , which has been designed since to keep islam out of public life .
the bank of england and european central bank ecb have slashed interest rates to and . percent respectively in an ongoing bid to soften the impact of recession .
cnn you can do it without knives or needles .
unemployment olympics is just about putting a smile on everyone s face and i think it worked out really well today .
in most cases , eligibility for travel will be approved immediately .
i think it s one of the biggest risks our industry has , vice chairman and ceo brad anderson told an industry audience at the international consumer electronics show in las vegas .
but others remain skittish about the future given increased competition in the united states , rising dairy and labor costs , and concerns about overall consumer spending .
the recent alleged rape of a teenager by a us marine has caused outrage .
under worldwide pressure , japan last month abandoned its plan to include humpback whales in this season s hunt the first major hunt of humpback whales since the s .
the year old hotz said he will be sending the three new iphones to the three online collaborators who helped him divorce apple inc s popular product from at t s network .
last october , interpol disseminated pictures of another man whose face appeared in more than images of sex acts with children .
stone s error did not warrant any action under the uniform code of military justice , said lt . gen . james mattis , the general overseeing the case .
the video surfaced on tuesday but was made in september , the university said .
with grizzlies in and around yellowstone national park recently taken off the threatened species list and gray wolves expected to come off the endangered list within the next year , that spending likely will drop as the agency turns its resources to other imperiled species .
anwar was speaking shortly after police broke up a rally of thousands of his supporters marking the end of a ban preventing him from running for office .
tv channel to broadcast assisted suicide
work to create the . asia domain began in with the dotasia organisation winning official approval to set up the domain in .
a world bank official warned china s spectacular growth would also be hit and japan s prime minister taro aso suggested the u . s . s billion banking bailout was not enough .
she was reported have been shot three times in the head and twice in the body and was pronounced dead on arrival at the hospital .
burma s military rulers are setting up a committee to draft a new constitution , state media has reported .
i lost the match today but i played really well and it s been an unbelievable week for me , wawrinka said .
chinese hopeful liu will return for berlin
people hang from coaches , balance precariously on the roofs of carriages or risk a ride on the bumpers between cars as they trundle along three lines and through nearly stations .
and the weaker the economy , the stronger your bargaining power .
shin ki nam , leader of the uri party , is expected to officially announce his resignation from the party chairmanship thursday , taking responsibility for his father s pro japanese activities during the to colonial period , sources close to shin said .
mvp tony parker scored points , manu ginobili had in the fourth quarter and the spurs moved in among the nba s greatest franchises with an victory thursday night for a sweep of the cavaliers court jesters through much of their first finals .
jon , marine commandant james conway says it s happening at a huge base in southern california
thai rak thai leaders condemned the outcome as unfair but have urged people to accept it .
the cbo report only confirms what we already know the president has continually tried to hide the true costs of this war , both in terms of money spent and lives affected , meehan said .
the angle of the sun , the latitude in which you live , you skin pigmentation , age , and use of skin care products containing sun protection factor spf .
isaf takes allegations of civilian casualties very seriously and we do everything in our power to prevent them , collins said .
the president wants to take a little or a lot off the top for some executives at financial bailout firms .
a web site set up to help find missing four year old madeleine mccann has received more than million hits , its operator says .
stern was living with smith at the time of her death .
on a large stage , children dressed in costumes representing iraq s many ethnic and religious groups kurds , turkmen , yazidis , christians , arab muslims not defined as sunni or shiite
bnn defended the program .
he graduated from harvard in .
the photos show lohan , wearing a gray hooded sweat shirt , with her mouth open and her eyes shut , apparently asleep .
first , the makers of sleep drugs must put warnings on their labels about two rare but serious side effects
the plane , with people aboard , slammed into a field near the amsterdam airport , killing and injuring more than .
vanuatu lies , miles northeast of sydney , australia .
surrendered after commanding rebel soldiers with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc as the group is known by its spanish acronym , the colombian defense ministry said .
one of osama bin laden s sons has been denied british residency because authorities believe his presence in the country would cause considerable public concern , the man s wife said thursday .
that s a technique we have seen used by the taliban and al qaeda .
let s get the december numbers now from the ap s david melendy in washington
president lee started the first day of his u . s . visit by encouraging a group of korean americans there .
prime minister kevin rudd has established a task force to cut waste in a public service that he said became bloated during the previous government s year rule .
look at the company s web site and read press releases and newspaper articles to see what s going on with your prospective future boss .
obama says he and bush are united to fix economy
more recently , the province has seen an influx of afghan refugees .
forty two percent of internet users aged to surveyed said they had seen online pornography in a recent month span .
lee has promised to revive south korea s economy as well as stronger ties with the us and a tougher line towards north korea .
after watching this scene , the volatile u . s .
justice minister kunio hatoyama said the man was a friend of a friend who was involved in a bomb attack on bali .
these findings are consistent with our other work that shows that e mail communication decreases the amount of trust and cooperation we see in professional group work , and increases the negativity in performance evaluations , all as opposed to pen and paper systems , said terri kurtzberg of rutgers . people seem to feel more justified in acting in self serving ways when typing as opposed to writing .
it said chiquita had also paid money to two left wing organizations from about until about , when those groups controlled areas where the company grew bananas .
several people have been arrested on suspicion of arson since friday , although some were accused of starting fires through negligence rather than intent .
in newly elected prime minister david lange named hillary wellington s envoy to india and nepal and he turned things around .
marcelino de jesus martinez , , of greenfield , california , was arrested monday and booked into the monterey county jail , greenfield police said in a statement .
detective superintendent tony hutchinson said darwin may have gone under the name of john jones and grown a long brown beard during his absence .
given korea s export reliant economy , the upward march of the won is disturbing news .
winter storm warnings are posted from new jersey to nevada this morning .
several groups had something to gain from bhutto s death , said vince cannistraro , a year cia official who ran the agency s counterterrorism operations from to .
key said he d like the museum to complement the tourist attraction in tupelo , mississippi , where presley was born and bought his first guitar . he s considering opening it in laurel , jackson or hattiesburg , mississippi .
though the proceedings will not be televised , hartmann said the government intends to keep the proceedings as open as possible except when classified information is presented that could compromise national security .
as men age , dodson said , they are more likely to develop high cholesterol and high blood pressure .
after the interview
the bush administration is hoping the conference will trigger final status talks on major issues such as jerusalem and israeli borders .
markets in asia , unnerved by the dow jones s eight percent trillion fall wednesday , continued the downward slide .
you simply run it over a lampshade or the upholstery on your furniture , and it actually pulls the hair right off .
sure , you can take on optional side missions or replay past missions , but they don t really play out any differently .
the researchers studied women who developed rheumatoid arthritis during that period .
but critics still abound , faulting the politician s lack of progress and willingness to compromise .
video footage from the scene showed rescue workers and onlookers surrounding the plane s smoking fuselage . the top of the plane appeared to have burned away .
london , england cnn former british prime minister tony blair has been appointed special envoy to the middle east , a statement for the the quartet of mideast peace mediators has confirmed .
and he backed the billion wall street bailout approved by congress , which allows the u . s . government to buy bad mortgage investments from finance firms or buy a stake in troubled companies .
unlike u . s . rivals , they seldom attracted stellar academic talent .
they also can remember a player s additional original tuning styles , by listening with a microphone to the sounds of the strings .
sen . john warner , a virginia republican , said thursday that a pullout was needed to spur iraqi leaders to action .
i extend my sympathies to his family and condolences to the russian people .
the tapes were made in and destroyed in , hayden said in a letter to cia employees obtained by cnn .
i look forward to the good things that are in store for this nation .
we conducted the raids at lee s office and homes of officials in charge of the group s corporate finances , a source from the independent counsel team boasted .
the us wants japan to take a more active military role in the region .
the broader s p up . to , . , charts index rose nearly . percent and ended at a fresh year high .
the plan will be incorporated when the transition team finalizes the reorganization of government agencies , according to lee dong kwan , spokesman of the transition team , on thursday .
petrack recommends asking your pediatrician and other parents for recommendations .
ten civic groups met the press at the government complex in central seoul yesterday , demanding the release of full information , including photographs and exact addresses , of convicted sex offenders .
seoul came second in terms of violent crime and murder rate among eight other cities tokyo , beijing , shanghai , hong kong , singapore , london , paris and new york .
north korea is the world s most isolated country and the security forces are responsible for keeping it that way at all costs , it said in the report .
after the gas cut off in , eu leaders called for solutions that would allow the union to avoid being a victim of disputes between russia and other former soviet republics .
over the weekend , britain s defra said the strain of the virus identified in the new farm outbreak was the same as one produced at the pirbright laboratories a few miles away .
gasoline prices have shown a continuous upward trend for the past weeks .
she ended up in a parking lot about a block away from the police station , padilla said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
promoters hope the concerts will reach an audience of billion people .
chinese gymnast wang yan , whose age was given as or , fell from the bars headfirst during sunday s final in shanghai , breaking her neck and losing consciousness .
the second day of sarkozy s trip provided a further boost for french business as the french firm areva secured a contract to build two nuclear reactors .
documents provided from the office of choi show that then president george h . w .
rafael nadal settled an old score against igor andreev on thursday , while roger federer was back to his best to beat juan carlos ferrero and join him in the quarterfinals of the hamburg masters .
when cnn interviewed baines two years ago , she was asked to explain why she thought she has lived so long .
the organization said women who had appointments for abortions during the strike had either been tended to before the stoppage or were given new appointments .
starr , who earlier this year released a new album called liverpool , divides his time between homes in los angeles , the south of france and surrey .
myanmar s military junta admitted in mid october that is detained more than , people during the crackdown , and many of them are still believed to be in custody .
we both have been interacting over the past few days , so let s see what comes out of it , sharif said .
none of the ship s crew members was injured , and the extent of damage to the tanker was under investigation , the company said .
jakarta , indonesia cnn former indonesian dictator suharto moved his hands and spoke in a whisper sunday in what doctors called a miraculous recovery from a potentially fatal blood infection after more than two weeks on life support .
scientists said the fossils discovered in the chinese province of liaoning , northeast of beijing , at a site that has yielded several important specimens in recent years revive a debate between two theories of how dinosaurs might have evolved into birds .
mountaineers were able to resume everest climbs on may after the nepalese government lifted a temporary ban ordered to prevent protests against china s rule in tibet during an ascent by chinese climbers carrying the olympic torch .
and i think there is a political consensus that s emerged that the right way to do that is to set up as many , and encourage as many community organizations , community groups , activities
iraqi president jalal talabani fell ill and was flown to neighboring jordan on sunday for treatment for what his son called fatigue and exhaustion .
esta has been operating on a voluntary basis since august and is compulsory from january .
in december s parliamentary elections , allies of thaksin , the people power party , won nearly half the seats in the lower house and paved the way for his return .
the african union is seeking support to fund a similar green wall to hold back the sahara .
the u . s . backed leader said he acted to prevent political chaos and give authorities a freer hand against islamic militants , though critics accuse him of a last ditch power grab before the previous supreme court could declare his continued rule illegal .
ahmadi said the hostages were being held in small groups in different locations and were being fed the same food that our villagers have bread , yogurt , rice .
the rest are either undecided or lean toward other candidates .
budhia singh will begin in bhubaneswar in the eastern state of orissa and finish in calcutta , the capital of west bengal state , biranchi das , the boy s coach , said thursday .
in seoul , the kop finished the day . percent lower .
in what might be called a modern day inquisition the government has announced that it will start an investigation on friday to confiscate assets of descendents who received financial benefits from pro japanese activities of koreans in the early th century .
at least people have been hospitalized , and no deaths have been reported .
in all , some , colombians are being held by kidnappers , according to the anti abduction citizens group pais libre . those being held include former presidential candidate ingrid betancourt and three u . s . defense contractors in the hands of leftist rebels .
the bizarre parade continued for about four minutes , with lee slowly circling the stadium waving his hands to the deafening applause and laughter from the sellout crowd .
various polls showed lee , who has been battling against allegations of land speculation and the prosecution s related investigations , is ahead of park .
president bush says farewell one more time tonight , this time directly to the american people .
before a packed audience , the young student looked composed but admitted he was nervous as he asked members of the press to respect his privacy during his upcoming studies .
there were about vendors and over attendees , according to its organizer .
jett s death was completely out of the blue , he said . john and kelly are happy when their children are happy . this is the worst day of john s life .
for me it s clear that the government can only be strong and effective if it can fully rely on the legislative power , putin told the house .
i have chased hammerhead sharks in baja , mexico , explored the jungle lairs of indonesia s former separatist guerillas and hung out with street kids in china .
the grandiose relay is the longest in olympic history and has the most torchbearers a sign of the vast attention lavished on the games by china s government , which hopes to use it to showcase china s rising economic and political power .
scottish premier alex salmond said a memorandum was signed on may , and he told the scottish executive on thursday it covered judicial cooperation on matters of law , extradition and prisoner transfer .
alitalia had accepted an offer from the french dutch group , but union leaders blocked the sale .
indonesia s meteorological agency is forecasting two weeks of rain .
but the panel , which last month rejected other research by dr hwang , has accepted that he did create the world s first cloned dog .
madrid , spain cnn spain s main private abortion clinics began a five day strike tuesday to protest a crackdown on centers accused of carrying out illegal operations .
only percent have no opinion of rudy giuliani .
local uaw leaders are meeting tomorrow to talk over what concessions they might accept to help the auto makers stay in business .
a one mile strip leading to bhutto s karachi house was a ghost town , he said .
around percent of that will be related to cost savings and percent to higher revenues , the banks said .
muqtada al sadr also called on iraqi forces to join the insurgents in the battle against the occupiers .
the package turned out to contain a bomb , which eventually killed one person and wounded more than .
the golden nori , carrying crew from myanmar , the philippines and south korea , was seized in late october off the east coast of somalia .
lim dong won and park jie won , main architects of the first ever summit , were invited along with others who had pushed for the landmark event five years ago to visit pyongyang to attend the june festivities marking its fifth anniversary , according to officials yesterday .
a hospital worker has been suspended for not reporting buress s injury .
beijing , china cnn restaurants could be among the last havens for smokers in beijing as the city tries to ban public smoking ahead of this summer s olympics , a state run newspaper reported monday .
at the same time , new tests show what scientists have suspected
former us president bill clinton has left hospital , four days after a follow up operation to his quadruple heart bypass surgery six months ago .
bakara market mogadishu s largest public market remained all but deserted sunday a day after the ethiopian backed somali forces occupied the streets surrounding the bazaar .
about a week ago , after seeing a guy wearing a t shirt that read unemployed , she decided to take the idea a step further and put her resume on the front of her shirt and a cover letter on the back .
the three women and one man from the latest group to be freed were said to be hugely relieved at their release .
local tribal elders and religious clerics who have respect among the people of qarabagh district , where the taliban kidnapped the south koreans , have been conducting negotiations with the captors for several days .
ban said that n . k . needed to return to way talks unconditionally .
after more than tornadoes touched down .
the classic english bulldog , a symbol of defiance and pugnacity often likened to wartime leader winston churchill , is set to breathe a little easier under revised breed standards issued in britain .
the korea times reports many koreans have overused dollars overseas , by passing foreign exchange laws , while domestic consumer spending remains sluggish .
they just hunker down and hope the issue will go away .
the animal smashed through the man s window , bounced on his bed , and threatened his family before the guy got it in a headlock and forced it out the door .
he said the fee based contracts will not give the winning companies a share in the revenue from oil sales because this wealth belong to iraq only and thus we will not allow anyone to share the iraqis oil .
stocks down for the third straight day , the latest declines come amid new evidence that consumers are sharply cutting back on spending , macy s says it lost million in the third quarter .
these golden days are long indeed , and can last up to nine days utilizing the five day workweek plus gaechonjol national foundation day and annual paid holiday .
two a year old woman and a year old boy were in critical condition .
disarmament , however , is likely to remain the thorniest problem .
and because doctors still rely heavily on drug makers for information , many are unaware that many drugs do double duty .
in addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the international accord calls for strong standards to protect those injured by them and to make sure that contaminated areas are cleaned up as quickly as possible and that the weapons are immediately destroyed , said thomas nash , coordinator for the group .
action by the congress is urgently required to stabilize the situation , and avert what otherwise could be very serious consequences for our financial markets , and for our economy .
the scientists , including a team from the california institute of technology , says three major quakes in the last week have increased the likelihood of a major disaster .
the latest pitching sensation in the national league , meanwhile , is a left hander from japan , kazuhisa ishii .
australian prime minister john howard said he had spoken to downer about the crash and has authorized emergency aid for the injured .
amin has broken the family s vow of silence and says he s writing a book to counter his father s reputation as a brutal buffoon and cruel eccentric .
fortunately hoevels recovered after treatment and appeared on stage the following night with a bandage around his neck , austrian media reports said .
the work stoppage could turn out to be illegal , experts say , because korean labor law stipulates that any type of labor conflict by unionists is banned unless it is based on the results of a direct or secret ballot by more than half of the members .
we always knew that alcohol at higher dosages results in shrinking of the brain and cognitive deficit , says dr . petros levounis , m . d . , director of the addiction institute of new york at st . luke s
the selling has resumed , though not at the fevered pace like yesterday s final hour , or today in tokyo , where stocks dropped .
agency inspectors will also now be permitted to re apply the containment and surveillance measures at the reprocessing facility , said melissa fleming , an iaea spokeswoman .
cnn terrorism analyst peter bergen says the number of suicide bombings in pakistan has reached unprecedented levels in the past year .
i didn t notice the initial quake and was woken up by my parents , and we ran out of our home , said a woman in her s who lives in ning er county and refused to give her name when reached by phone .
british troops recently handed over security responsibility for the maysan province to iraqi security forces .
he suffered a stroke in .
said , new threats have been identified at an unprecedented rate of one or more every year , meaning that nearly diseases exist today which were unknown just over a generation ago .
since then , more than million books translated into languages have been sold around the world and rowling is now one of the world s richest women .
the united nations says one million children are drawn into prostitution annually .
year old gregg bergersen , plead guilty to a charge of conspiracy to disclose national defense information to persons not entitled to receive it .
mr . stern is an innocent individual who has never been charged with any crime but finds himself on trial in the media . the nightly television , tabloid and internet trial of mr . stern in the court of public opinion based on sensational lies , speculation , rumor and gossip is over .
but the fish we do know about , we are particular keen on catching to eat .
head here to visit one of the world s largest spawning grounds for horseshoe crabs .
some , french forces are helping evacuate hundreds of foreign nationals from n djamena
maasdriel is a collection of villages with a population of , .
this wagon , called the cloud , is equipped with enough high tech bells and whistles to make the family minivan jealous .
these finicky voters could help john mccain because they trust obama less than decided voters to handle the economy , the iraq war , and terrorism .
it is also close to the canary wharf business district and london s city airport which was not affected .
and i can pledge our nation to a goal
the commission s first report was to be released later monday , but government officials confirmed an earlier tv report that the findings would be strongly critical of olmert and his defense minister , amir peretz .
when , for example , the gap introduced japan to casual fashion in the early s , khaki rapidly infiltrated most every wardrobe in japan .
capello , who has won trophies with four different clubs , was appointed manager of england s ailing team on december .
the yi dynasty crumbled during the reign of yi seok s grandfather , king kojong , when great nations jockeyed for control of korea .
col . david nairashvili , georgia s air force commander , told the associated press that video footage recorded by the plane before it was shot down sunday shows the attacking jet to be russian .
of borneo , a mountainous region about five times the size of switzerland covered with equatorial rainforest in the center of the island , is the last great forest home of the bornean clouded leopard .
it was meant to have shut down and sealed its yongbyon reactor by saturday days after the deal was reached .
officials say high winds gusting up to miles an hour might be to blame .
in a taped interview for abc s this week , obama said the nation faces its toughest economic challenge since the great depression .
prostitution is a choice more and more iraqi women are making just to survive .
bunch , who was listening to metallica while mowing the grass at his home in castle rock , colorado , still has mild hearing damage in both ears , despite two reconstructive surgeries to repair ruptured eardrums .
the song could be heard online monday and it was not immediately possible to tell whether china s internet monitors were seeking to block access to it .
top un official ibrahim gambari is arriving in burma on wednesday at the start of a three day visit .
french media also reported that the couple would travel to the red sea resort of sharm el sheik on thursday .
we hope that the british government and the international community can move quickly to take the steps necessary to avoid further damage and to prepare the way for recovering objects looted , and for conserving those that can still be restored , he said .
tasty lunch
the reason they are so exciting is that they begin to meet the test of possible life .
kim met with the north korean leader in pyongyang in june for the first ever inter korean summit .
it doesn t open until november , but seinfeld was in cannes on thursday showing minutes of highlights .
a trade deficit has turned to a trade surplus
last month he became the longest living us president when he reached years and days , passing the record held by ronald reagan .
i never assaulted him since he was staying with other children in a sports makeshift hostel .
the doha tournament featured eight players divided into two groups , with the top two in each group advancing to the elimination stage .
the gnp also said that roh breached the law during his speeches at wonkwang university on june and at a ceremony marking the th anniversary of the pro democracy movement on june .
the same pattern holds true in early exit polling from the texas democratic primary .
bringing together some of the most recent scientific reports and data , climate change
singing it would make sheryl crowe very happy if she got paid by radio stations every time they play one of her songs .
united , missing six first team regulars , made a superb start when milan goalkeeper dida could only parry a cristiano ronaldo header into his own net after five minutes .
president elect barack obama s top adviser insisted sunday that obama s economic plan would be big enough to handle the country s financial challenges , but he declined to speculate about how large the plan would need to be .
senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , said monday , our enemies around the globe gain great advantage by having the united states mired in an iraqi civil war .
the ban has been in place for more than two years , but business organizations have urged the government to ease the restriction , saying that south korean companies might miss out on business opportunities .
the process of choosing loya jirga members has gone through several steps .
a separate attack about minutes earlier killed one soldier and wounded at a u . s . military outpost in rustamiya in southeastern baghdad , the military said .
but until the ces announcement , zink had not lined up any partners who would bring its technology to market .
ambassador crocker expressed his satisfaction with the efforts made by the minister to hold this meeting , according to a statement from the foreign minister s office .
where was the secretary of the treasury ?
when hong kong was returned to china in , an arrangement dubbed one country , two systems guaranteed the territory could maintain its liberties .
the east coast states are suffering an unusual drought this winter .
jon , the president summoned experts from doctors and patients advocates to executives of drug and insurance companies , even some who helped kill the clinton health plan .
some described hiding in clothes racks , dressing rooms and bathrooms after hearing the shots .
on a seasonally adjusted basis , the decline was . percent as exports grew a mere . percent in february , the slowest in four years .
there were reports of vote buying .
support is essential to losing weight , said howard rankin , a clinical psychologist who helps people lose weight .
political parties face off in today s by elections which are seen as a barometer of public sentiment ahead of the december presidential vote .
the vehicle was later found abandoned in southern moscow .
in april , turkish authorities detained a man they believed tried to hijack a turkish airliner , possibly to iran .
what is important is that we are not forgetting anything , olmert said in a reference to the nazi holocaust .
firefighters had to douse the celebrating crowds with water as the temperature neared degrees celsius in madrid after the final whistle , the associated press reported .
they reported them to police , who have a standard question form specifically for ufo sightings .
refugees often die before reaching yemen because of dangerous sea conditions and overcrowded vessels .
that unexpected news comes as the government also reports a rise in factory orders for durable goods ?
hyun said the high prices of tourism related items here , and the poor leisure and education infrastructure are at the center of the widening imbalance in the travel account .
a north korean newspaper says that country s government would be willing to abandon its nuclear weapons if president obama agreed to establish formal diplomatic relations between washington and pyongyang .
i want to say on this meaningful day that we need to unite around the values of our nation , qualities of our republic and common goals more than ever and put aside our differences , erdogan said earlier to mark aug . victory day celebrations .
they asked readers to send in their photos and got an overwhelming response that s still going strong .
yahoo slashes of workforce
park s possible victory seems within reach as she narrows the gap with lee in opinion polls .
sen . john mccain , the soon to be gop presidential nominee , and other lawmakers are visiting israel this week .
the only things missing from the extravaganza were a pack of marlboros and a highway .
the resulting shortage leads many travelers seeking an affordable room to head far afield of the usual tourist draws , and hotel developers have taken notice , with new lodging under construction or recently opened in brooklyn , queens , the bronx , long island and beyond .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said tuesday that iran s controversial nuclear program is a major issue for the entire world and called for stronger sanctions against tehran .
no matter what the weather forecast sun drenched or soaking portland has plenty of fun to offer visitors willing to snoop out this city s more eclectic and inviting destinations .
in april , the two nations staged a war of words after japan announced its own plans to survey the area .
research into the mysterious green glow of a jellyfish earned three scientists this year s nobel prize for chemistry , the nobel foundation announced wednesday .
saudi prince to build tallest building
sarkozy won . and royal won . in the april poll .
people in love have elevated levels of dopamine .
the implementation of internet portal television , or ip tv , is being delayed because fixed line operators and cable tv service providers are squabbling over whether the service is in the telecommunications or broadcasting realm .
opposition parties are hoping to seize on musharraf s rising unpopularity to wrest control of the parliament .
being linguistically creative , he says .
violence in the swat district , where a militant cleric is trying to enforce taliban style rule , underlines the expansion of islamist movements in northwestern pakistan near the afghan border that is challenging musharraf s control .
using satellite data and imagery , nsidc now estimates the arctic ice pack covers . million square kilometers . million square miles equal to just less than half the size of the united states .
the u . s . report on monday showed manufacturing growth accelerated in june to its fastest pace in over a year as the u . s . economy , asia s top export market , picked up momentum .
french photographer raymond hains lived in room for three years when he left in , he installed a portrait of himself taken there .
hared is the second journalist to be killed this year , according to the committee to protect journalists .
she d been working in iran for several news organizations .
the award , known as the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , is the last of the six nobel prizes announced this year and is not one of the original nobels .
this is an ugly war . it s a war in which an enemy will kill innocent men , women and children in order to achieve a political objective . it doesn t surprise me that there is deep concern amongst our people .
it is not easy , however , to employ competitive ones .
russian orthodox monks and priests have already tried to contact the cult members who are reported to be mostly women , but members refused to speak to them , ap reported .
but after reviewing various other intelligence , the cia agreed mehsud played a role in bhutto s killing , the u . s . official said .
bendtner , who had scored an own goal earlier in the match , became involved in a heated altercation with adebayor and appeared to complain of being headbutted by the togo international .
he philippine military is under new pressure after a government backed commission linked some soldiers to a spate of political killings .
the ministry of education , science and technology told a news conference that russia s federal space agency asked for ko san s replacement , as the year old repeatedly broke training protocol by taking sensitive training material outside of the russian space center .
it was a very special christmas eve years ago today
all eight are breathing on their own this morning , even the smallest preemie , who weighed in at just pound , ounces
the transportation ministry planned to launch an investigation , ministry spokesman tetsu shimizu said .
bob morrison , fort worth .
apocalypse now , francis ford coppola s anti vietnam war classic , is the greatest film of the past years , according to a survey of british film critics and writers .
the same weather patterns will continue on saturday in those areas elsewhere , there will be mixed rain and snow showers .
it took longer for subjects to switch between more complicated tasks .
all of them had big budgets , most were attempts at creating contemporary or futuristic styling , and they have all divided opinion among local residents , architects , and the general public .
europe s benchmark index , down . percent on the year , is still down . percent since reaching a year high in mid july .
despite this , cigars that come from fields like those in the western province of pinar del rio are among the most sought after .
sixteen female service members have died in iraq this year , which puts on track to top the previous record of , set in .
using about , liters , imperial gallons or , liters per passenger of jet fuel for the nine hour trip from chicago to london , american airlines is being accused of unnecessary waste .
the last of , gold miners trapped by a power failure reached the surface late thursday after nearly two days underground , witnesses reported .
lisa madigan tells cnn the best thing is for the governor to resign and she won t wait very long .
opec president chakib khelil told reporters the global market is being affected by what he called the mismanagement of the u . s . economy , and that the u . s . s problems
the girl is joined to a parasitic twin who stopped developing in the mother s womb , while the surviving fetus absorbed the limbs , kidneys and other body parts of the undeveloped fetus .
yi speaks with a polite yet authoritative tone .
amid u . s . and iraqi calls for restraint , foreign minister ali babacan , currently touring the middle east , vowed that turkey would continue to pursue diplomatic efforts .
i m the one leaving the party when everyone else is arriving .
president roh moo hyun on monday sent a congratulatory message to jeon and the entire staff of secret sunshine for showing once again the korean movie s strength and potential .
republicans dismissed the bill as a futile stunt , since although the democrats control both houses of congress , they do not have enough votes to overrule a presidential veto .
tensions rose in october when north korean officials told u . s . negotiators that they had begun a uranium enrichment program .
all three have been accused of endangering iran s national security and of espionage , according to a judiciary spokesman .
the federation of korean trade unions fktu , the nation s more moderate labor organization , has been pushing for the three year delay in implementing the two controversial clauses , which bans employers from paying full time union officials and introduces multiple unions at the same company .
at any rate , it feels like the truest exchange in the film .
however , condon said he was off work for nearly four weeks during that period because he had been injured in a serious auto accident .
even if , sometimes , more more more feels suspiciously like more of the same with flashier clothes , the difference between and is astonishing .
the eastward winds have long spurred protests from residents of korea and japan , who have faced similar , if milder , dust epidemics from china .
this has been a great end to a great summer , hotz wrote .
viagra increases blood flow to the penis , enabling a man to have an erection .
verbeek , , was guus hiddink s right hand man when south korea reached the world cup semifinals .
the world is watching china and beijing with great expectation , rogge said . athletes also have great expectations and they are all looking forward to competing in the state of the art beijing venues .
connie lehman , who sometimes works nights as cnn s director of video resources , says her solution is to maintain a well lit , high adrenaline environment , and then to sleep well during the day .
i don t have enough bleeps to play this on the radio this morning , but christian bayle is getting a lot of play on the internet today for going bat crazy at a cinematographer and anyone who tried to calm him down on the set of the upcoming terminator salvation .
the government began receiving applications for the new h visa , which will allow ethnic koreans from china , russia and the former soviet union states to stay and work in korea for up to three years on a single entry basis or five years on a multiple entry basis .
duhamel , , told best life magazine in a recent interview that he s been dating year old fergie for about three years and that they have bought a house together .
the zoo remained closed wednesday while officials investigated , mollinedo said .
the telecommunications satellite will let rural communities in venezuela access educational and medical information that has been difficult for them to come by as a result of their relative isolation , said rodolfo navaro , technical manager for the bolivarian space activity agency .
death might be a step or two away , but i was oblivious .
the company uses this information to make money by selling advertisements , but people who are used to browsing anonymously around stores or channel hopping on tv find it unnerving to realise that in a digital world , their every move is recorded .
he was identified with the help of hundreds of tips from people who responded to an unprecedented appeal by interpol for public assistance , ap reported .
koreans do not believe ready to eat kimchi .
mineola , texas cnn in the windowless front rooms of a former day care center in a tiny texas community , children as young as were fed powerful painkillers they knew as silly pills and forced to perform sex shows for a crowd of adults .
if , as rumored , paramount , lions gate and warner bros join them , the flood of fresh video content could breath new life into the apple tv .
kim listed maintaining respect for people and their rights , politically neutral and independent investigations , future oriented approaches among prosecutors , and reforming the prosecutors office as the most critical issues he would deal with during his term .
dreamworks pictures said in a statement that filming continues on tropic thunder , a comedy starring wilson .
responsible citizens , building communities of service and a nation of character .
the mosquito borne virus has now infected people , including the first patients in maryland , nebraska and virginia .
in one week , you can choose policies that invest in our middle class , to create new jobs and grow our economy from the bottom up , so that everybody has the chance to succeed .
over the next years , this became the internet , a global network which has more than million users .
as i said before the house armed services committee last month , allied forces from the united kingdom , canada , netherlands , australia , denmark and other nations have stepped up to the plate and are playing a significant and powerful role in afghanistan .
both of the plane s pilots are believed to have perished in the accident , and officials said foreigners were among the dead .
a ministry official said the decision to oppose the un stance was aimed at protecting the research of south korean geneticists in areas that could serve therapeutic purposes .
french president nicolas sarkozy on thursday urged betancourt s release , calling it a matter of life or death , according to the associated press .
president bush granted pardons tuesday to citizens charged with a variety of crimes , but none was prominent .
thomas said the investigation into woolmer s death has been closed .
b . b . bell , chief of the u . s .
diyala province is the sprawling territory northeast of baghdad on the border with iran .
tests are still being carried out on their year old sister , who also died , to see if she was also infected with h n .
treasury department and federal reserve officials are to meet later today with top executives from financial firms to work out details of the billion plan .
security officers prevented the two bombers from entering the pakistan navy war college in the eastern city of lahore , according to a statement issued by the pakistani military s inter services public relations agency .
bush met earlier with iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki . he also met with anbar tribal leaders hailing their cooperation with u . s . forces as a success in fighting al qaeda in iraq .
ap special correspondent linda deutsch has been covering simpson since his ex wife was murdered .
the iranians have said russia will send a total of tons of nuclear fuel in eight shipments .
he said the dissidents already had been detained when he made it downstairs but witnesses told him the officers had used violence and gas against about a dozen protesters .
the withdrawal will not affect sadr s members of parliament , .
in caracas , chavez clad in his trademark red shirt and cradling his grandson made the sign of the cross and voted , then took his paper ballot and placed it in a box .
south korean president kim dae jung s envoy lim dong won left pyongyang wednesday after failing to meet kim jong il , officials said .
the military hopes to smash the satellite as soon as next week just before it enters earth s atmosphere with a missile fired from a navy cruiser in the northern pacific ocean .
they top out at . , only cents above the price of regular gas at the station .
last year when he was in jail it all came to a stop .
sir , do you have some bread ?
the charges are the first from the guantanamo war court alleging direct involvement in the attacks on the united states and the first involving the death penalty .
arizona senator john mccain can live with that
officials from tasmania state s parks and wildlife service rushed sunday in four wheel drive vehicles to the remote site at sandy cape after the long finned pilot whales were spotted by air a day earlier .
according to the poll , percent had a favorable opinion of obama after the debate , up points from before the event .
there was a distinctly green theme at this year s geneva motor show , as manufacturers battled to prove their environmental credentials in a world that is increasingly concerned with the environment and man s effect on it .
it was not immediately clear how the animals escaped .
iraq s south oil co .
thailand s junta leader surayud chulanont has said he might hold elections to restore democracy earlier than planned .
look at her from the front and you can read the year old marketing professional s resume .
critics have found him hard to define , with his writing and subject matter having changed considerably over time , according to an article in label france , a magazine published by the french government .
walls and floor of the bathroom of woolmer s room were spattered with blood , vomit and feces .
the study was done by sarah werning , a graduate student at the university of california , berkeley , and andrew lee , also a graduate student at berkeley when the work was done .
al qaeda s propaganda operation has been severely affected by the fact that its main websites have been down for about six weeks now .
the repressors , headed by a lieutenant colonel and other state security officers , desecrated the church of santa teresita after kicking open one of the doors and savagely attacking the peaceful dissidents , he said in a statement .
a man at lee der s main office in hong kong said the company was not accepting interviews and hung up .
the character of the bulldog certainly isn t going to change , said caroline kisko , spokeswoman for the kennel club . they will still be the steadfast , strong willed and gay tempered dog that they are now .
he also suggested that the dispute could see an end .
i came up through the ranks of the police department and have lived in this area all my life , the web site quoted him as saying .
if a part of the strategic nuclear potential of the united states appears in europe and , in the opinion of our military specialists , will threaten us , then we will have to take appropriate steps in response . what kind of steps ? we will have to have new targets in europe , putin said , according to a transcript released by the kremlin .
colom , in an august debate co sponsored by cnn en espanol and guatemala s channel , said reducing poverty would help reduce crime while perez said he would strengthen guatemala s police and military while getting tough with criminals . colom s party the national union of hope was hard hit by assassinations that marked guatemala s election season .
chengdu , china cnn heather o reilly s goal in the th minute earned the united states a draw with north korea in tuesday s group b opening game at the women s world cup .
ban ki moon was the only one of six candidates to escape a veto in the informal ballot .
five of the babies , who were born more than two months early , were listed in stable condition sunday at neighboring all children s hospital in st . petersburg , dr . roberto sosa said at a news conference .
she describes in bitter terms the months of chill between them , never more painful than when they went to martha s vineyard for vacation right after his testimony .
but in the harvard school of public health study , men who engaged in weight training for minutes or more weekly had a percent lower risk of heart disease than men who did not pump iron .
amnesty reported that three countries iran , yemen , and saudi arabia put people under the age of to death , the youngest a year old executed in iran in april .
a court has disbanded the political party of thailand s ousted prime minister , finding it guilty of legal violations during elections canceled last year in a crisis that led to a military coup .
while the year old has spoken before of her battle with depression , it was the first time she had admitted that she contemplated suicide , the newspaper said .
olympic judo champion yvonne boenisch of germany plans to boycott the opening ceremony at the beijing games .
kara dioguardi got into it with paula abdul over whether danny gokey s dancing during dance , little sister was too gyrating
rescuers had to climb the snow slope at the ontake ski resort in nagano prefecture state , force open the door of the gondolas to bring down passengers one at a time to the ground about meters feet below with a rope , prefectural police spokeswoman akiko fuseya said .
former prime minister benazir bhutto visited the families of people killed in a suicide bombing attempt on her life , touring a poor neighborhood sunday in a visit kept secret until the last minute to protect her from another assassination bid .
brown disputes her claim , saying he s been involved in their daughter s life and was her
the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . in new york on friday after dropping as much as points earlier .
ironically , hoevels character was supposed to commit suicide in the stage production of friedrich schiller s mary stuart , about mary queen of scots .
over the past several decades , the promise of the car of tomorrow has remained unfulfilled , while the problems it was supposed to solve have only intensified .
it is not acceptable , of course , to do anything less than the professional standards we expect from our police officers , mayor michael nutter said . the behavior that was at least exhibited on the tape is unacceptable .
treasury secretary timothy geithner and other g finance ministers are meeting this weekend in england .
cnn canadian prime minister stephen harper on wednesday offered an apology on behalf of the government for a policy begun in the late s that took indian children from their families and placed them in schools intended to assimilate them .
hamas described the apparent deal as a ceasefire to end the violence between all armed palestinian groups .
one explosion , suspected to have been a bomb , occurred as a laser music show was to begin at an outdoor auditorium in lumbini park after p . m . a . m . et .
will you own a personal computer for the rest of your life ? maybe it s too late to stop needing computers , but is it necessary to actually own one now that they re so ubiquitous ?
exports in july soared . percent to . billion , while imports grew . percent to . billion , the customs agency said .
a russian delegation was also visiting washington on wednesday , he said .
the couple s holdings included such landmark buildings as park avenue and the empire state building , as well as the east side residential complex called tudor city .
in , in the world s largest safe deposit box theft , thieves in antwerp prized open boxes , finding so much loot they could only carry away million worth of diamonds , gold and jewelry .
a young girl photographed in morocco is not the missing british toddler madeleine mccann , according to british media reports on wednesday .
those who have been inciting people and brought this mayhem will be brought to justice . he indicated he would not consider demands for a new election or vote recount .
ancient mayan ruins in the town of tulum , south of cancun , held up well , resident enrique perez told cnn .
it was one of only a handful of private broadcast stations in venezuela that openly criticized the government .
lee and other protesters , many of them elderly korean americans , came to washington this week to protest as president bush hosts japanese prime minister shinzo abe .
using computer models , university of california at los angeles ucla professors and researchers tracked planetary orbits as far back as million years ago .
george w . bush said so long to the american people before an appreciative audience last night in the east room .
let s work together , tommy thompson urged the nation .
the pervasive sense of understated style and wellness
tragedy at a monster truck show in tacoma , washington
but the cold snap is hampering travel plans .
home prices in and around seoul surged by more than percent over the last two years .
phillips went for with two rbis and made a diving catch at first base with a runner on second in the eighth , starting an inning ending double play that preserved a one run lead .
secretary general kofi annan on sunday arrived in south korea , on the first leg of his asian tour that will also take him to japan , china , vietnam and thailand .
the united states and japan have detected signs north korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching almost anywhere in japan , japanese and u . s . government sources said on thursday .
the russian star , coming off her first clay court title last week at amelia island , is looking for her fourth tournament victory of the year .
akagi was only appointed in june , after his predecessor killed himself .
the us house of representatives has passed a bill allocating billion of new funding for the iraq war .
delta also announced on monday it reached an agreement with its pilot union to extend the existing collective bargaining agreement through the end of .
kathmandu , nepal cnn a united nations helicopter caught fire and crashed monday in a mountainous region in eastern nepal , killing at least of the people on board , according to nepal s home ministry .
the south korean ship left port on sunday night , with about people aboard .
anderson left yuma on tuesday in his most recent ride .
we will avoid any public meeting and marches , and we will concentrate on the constitutional court where we are expecting the case to be heard and discussed tuesday , opposition spokesman arman musinyan told cnn sunday .
the sound editing oscar went to the letters from iwo jima team of alan robert murray and bub asman .
it does not flower for maybe years and when it s like this it can be mistaken for other types of palm , said mijoro rakotoarinivo , who works for the london botanical gardens in madagascar .
officials and ordinary citizens attended the inauguration in near freezing temperatures , along with foreign dignitaries including secretary of state condoleezza rice and japanese prime minister yasuo fukuda .
the relative who called police said an exorcism had also been attempted thursday .
amazon . com founder and ceo jeff bezos has taken a special liking to the invention , featuring it on amazon s web site .
clinton has sharpened her attacks on obama in recent days , possibly in response to the do or die situation she is facing over the next couple of weeks .
some indians regard hitler as just another historical figure and have little knowledge about the holocaust in which million jews were killed during world war ii .
obama senior adviser austan goolsbee will be the chief economist on the board .
we strongly back the lebanese army troops and what they are doing , said abed attar , a resident of tripoli who stood watching the tanks fire into the camp while others cheered .
the stevenson ranch fire was near enough that ncis staffers could see the smoke , according to the hollywood reporter , another trade paper .
chun also denied the north demanded million kilowatts of electricity .
the fire in downtown urumqi , the capital of xinjiang region , had been burning all night after it started in a building that normally has more than , people selling clothes , toys and various commodities , the state run xinhua news agency said .
the country s largest carmaker allegedly bribed politicians and bureaucrats for business favors in past years .
and as musicians became convinced the so called virtual orchestras , computer generated music brought in to replace them , wouldn t work well , they hardened their position on minimums and walked out friday .
so he took a couple of steps before jogging through the trees into an opening just in time to see the ball fall back to earth near the flag .
the controversy surrounding the film has helped stir interest , with some republican leaning groups attempting to block its distribution .
twelve thousand more were advised but not ordered to evacuate .
lev said the zaraysk site was on a par with kostenski and avdeevo in terms of the splendor and variety of its art .
obama flew out of chicago and landed in new jersey , where he attended a rally in east rutherford .
i have looked at the underlying materials , not only the records they kept , but the cables they sent out to the field , and from the what was apparently contemporaneous documents , it s clear that they did tell her .
shares in google went up nearly percent , or . , to . .
lohan was arrested a short time later .
the market last year grossed an estimated billion won million , up percent from a year earlier , data from the korea film commission showed .
others say increasing production levels are overwhelming consumers . it s certainly possible
the freight service , agreed upon at the inter korean prime ministers talks last month , will connect south korea with the joint industrial complex in gaeseong , in the north .
arcand also directed the film about a womanizing university professor who confronts death with humor and sharp intelligence .
president jacques chirac said monday that the israeli leader would not be welcome in france until he gave a satisfactory explanation for saying jews should go to israel to escape anti semitism in france .
about systems of firefighting and bomb disposal robots have been sold through in countries including israel and britain .
analysts say the arrest is a major victory for indonesian security forces in their fight against islamic militants .
crown king has only about permanent residents , but on weekends there may be close to , people staying in cabins they own in the area , said nick angiolillo , emergency manager for yavapai county .
a category hurricane packs sustained winds of mph or more and can inflict catastrophic damage , according to the saffir simpson scale , the standard measurement for hurricanes .
necessity is the mother of invention .
johannesburg , south africa cnn south africa s health department said tuesday it has recalled million potentially defective condoms approved by an official accused of taking bribes from a manufacturer .
kita said yesterday that korean products have lost ground in the u . s . market for three years in a row .
south african investments in china amount to million , including investments by anglo american and sab miller .
the high winds were making the first fire , which is less than percent contained , dangerous and unpredictable , officials said at an earlier news conference monday .
it took john d . rockefeller and andrew carnegie a lifetime to become billionaires
look at me .
the impressive thing about ed hillary was that he was always ed .
set in the himalayas at , feet , meters above sea level , kashmir is a green , saucer shaped valley full of fruit orchards and surrounded by snowy mountain ranges .
justin henin might not defend her olympic gold medal in beijing next year , fearing the city s air pollution could trigger her asthma .
about of the usual high speed tgv trains were running nationwide , the sncf said the best level of tgv service since the strike began .
the nationalization plan has caused a political and public backlash in britain , despite prime minister gordon brown s assertion that state control is the best option for taxpayers who have already funded subsidies to northern rock to the tune of billion pounds billion billion .
transformers
china has some of the world s most polluted cities and rivers .
the ap s christopher torchia is in the iraqi capital .
i was dumbfounded , heartbroken and outraged that i d believed him at all .
this was most likely a cover for money laundering from drug dealing , the official told reuters . he has denied involvement in any murders or money laundering in australia .
lawmakers also fired the central elections commission and vowed to withhold the money needed to conduct new elections , ordered by the president for may .
nearly doubled in size yesterday .
the past six months have been very difficult for me , my family and others close to me , nowak said last week in her first public statement since her arrest .
official accounts show the prince s property and investments brought in million million last year .
the petrochemical industry is forecast to see domestic demand slip . percent .
. childcare workers
the separation , just like the distance between our two eyes , provides the depth perception that allows the d images to be obtained .
he won pulitzer prizes for the armies of the night and the executioner s song .
firefox is the no . web browser behind microsoft corp . s internet explorer .
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet , the titanic duo reuniting for revolutionary road
the two countries have been at odds in recent years over japan s invasions and occupation of china in the s and s .
the four serbs found guilty tuesday were seen in a video that surfaced in june when it was shown at the war crimes trial of milosevic before the u . n . tribunal for the former yugoslavia .
a copy of the book , which goes on sale on june monday , was obtained by the associated press .
the united states , britain and france proposed a stronger text that would have condemned the violence and called for the immediate release of the political prisoners and detainees .
one has to go all the way back to , when the dixie chicks were nominated , to find a woman on the list .
he added a more in depth probe is required to say whether politicians fell victim to illegal bugging under kim s rule between and .
hopefully after this tragedy , there will be a sense of national unity because these terrorists attack all iraqis despite backgrounds .
close encounters with giant space rocks are not uncommon .
when they gave me that part , it was nothing to think about , you just walk on the set and do it .
it s about all he s really got , in terms of honeymoon on the capitol hill .
the panel , composed of government officials , veterinarians and consumer groups , also plans to consult with canada next year for talks over resuming beef imports from canada , banned in may after one cow in alberta was found to have contracted the disease .
among those injured sunday was francisco itarte , a san fermin bull herder and one of several men charged with trying to keep the runs as orderly as possible .
if you forget that . . . people are born either men or women and together are meant to create children , then you can create negative consequences .
lefkowitz s comments are at odds with bush administration statements , which tout a recent agreement by north korea at the six party talks to abandon its nuclear program in exchange for aid and better relations with the united states as one of its few foreign policy successes .
but we remember special moments with families and friends .
it s a very tragic situation .
his swearing in follows a third round of voting in parliament , which he won by a clear majority .
a south korean presidential official says the nation will increase defense spending next year .
paying more for alcohol saves lives
the statement adds that cerny and his colleagues initially wanted to use european artists for entropa , but fell short due to lack of time and money .
this problem began september with the failure of hubble s science instrument control and data handling sic dh system .
union members in incheon , a major port city west of seoul , have also threatened to strike beginning monday .
today , jets and helicopters attacked again from the sky .
cardinal francis george says a fire that struck holy name cathedral in chicago this morning is a tragedy , but he s grateful the damage wasn t worse .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the explosion , although izz el deen al qassam , the military wing of the militant islamic group hamas , said in a statement today it would bring death to every israeli home .
the once popular act of coupon cutting introduced by the inventor of coca cola syrup more than years ago is again becoming a household chore .
also winning seven nominations was atonement , the drama about a relationship threatened by a child s lie .
chairman and chief executive howard schultz announced the job reduction in an e mail to starbucks more than , employees , calling it a difficult decision aimed at sharpening the company s focus on customers .
unless that happens , even effects of nature s healing could be lost , wadoo said .
felicity huffman says eva longoria and terry hatcher will lock lips .
karbala s main holy site is the gold domed imam hussein shrine .
he was transferred before dawn to the puente grande prison in the western state of jalisco , the statement said .
this is the biggest case of child porn distribution ever discovered in austria , interior minister guenther platter told reporters on wednesday .
the u . s . forest service confirmed some homes already have been claimed by the fire , but it did not know how many .
london , england jose mourinho has turned down the chance to become england s new supremo after discussions with football association hierarchy .
perhaps i didn t expect such a strong sanction but given that this incident has been seen all over the world , we can t close our eyes .
russian president vladimir putin , who yeltsin nominated as his successor , has called yeltsin s widow , naina , to express his condolences , interfax reported .
the gunners , still unbeaten in the league , have a game in hand which will be played at newcastle on wednesday .
recent events are a far cry from the euphoria which greeted keane on his arrival at the black cats in august with the club in the relegation zone in the second flight of english football .
he also revealed that the palace , after consulting the government , decided not to initiate an investigation of the interception of embarrassing telephone calls involving diana and her former husband , prince charles .
they said they wanted charges of kidnap to be filed in australia .
prague , czech republic cnn czech president vaclav klaus has been narrowly re elected to a five year term , officials said friday .
the israeli campaign which has relied primarily on intensified airstrikes in the past two weeks has forced hamas leaders to lie low in recent days .
spring whale watch week , when center volunteers will be stationed along the coast to provide viewing tips and facts , starts march .
city officials working for republican mayor michael bloomberg have said such a rally , which could draw , people , could damage lawns in the park .
he made the announcement in a speech to party activists in his sedgefield constituency , after earlier briefing the cabinet on his plans .
the democratic controlled senate narrowly signaled support tuesday for the withdrawal of u . s . combat troops from iraq by next march .
but that opened a window of opportunity for u . s . and european drug companies , which stepped in and secured rights to scores of promising drugs at fire sale prices .
a korean american lawyer in los angeles said tuesday she has sent documents to the korean prosecution showing a clear link between presidential candidate lee myung bak and a financial scam involving her younger brother .
southern japan has been lashed by a powerful typhoon that triggered landslides and floods and killed at least four people .
oscar winning actor nicolas cage married elvis daughter , lisa marie presley , witnessed by family and close friends , the couple recited wedding vows at the mauna lani bay hotel on the big island of hawaii .
no doubt potter readers will feel the same way when they turn that final page .
portable internet service providers will pay between billion won to . billion won in license fees in accordance with the business plans they submit to the government .
thanks to an agreement with the writers guild of america forged just last week , two of the hosts david letterman and craig ferguson will be accompanied by their writing teams .
on monday , the benchmark kospi market shed . or . percent , to close at , . , while the tech loaded kosdaq lost . , or percent , ending the day at . .
four people were confirmed dead after the disaster .
and this is my solemn pledge
the kyodo news agency said japan plans to dispatch self defense forces aircraft to transport tents and other relief supplies to main airports , but the troops will not be allowed to go into the affected areas .
last month , the institute predicted a . percent growth of the gross domestic product gdp next year .
about , members of the group staged a mass demonstration in central seoul to declare an indefinite walkout , demanding the government scrap new labor regulations and better protect temporary workers .
i bow my head before the survivors and i bow my head before you in tribute to the fact that you were able to survive .
the investigations will review all the information nasa collected as the spaceship began its descent saturday morning , then started breaking up more than , feet , meters over texas .
the challenge of poverty , the challenge of shrinking resources and accelerated global competition .
police investigated and , in addition to discovering the bodies , found other migrants from myanmar who were alive inside the freezer , harnsanam said .
at just , johansson has already taken direction from robert redford , brian depalma , christopher nolan and woody allen , with whom she s currently working for the third time .
gerald fletcher , an american heart association spokesman .
airlines , leasing companies and other plane buyers have ordered more than dreamliners over the past few years , eager to hold boeing to its promise that the midsize , long haul jet will burn less fuel , be cheaper to maintain and offer more passenger comforts than comparable planes flying today .
on wednesday , the government announced the latest steps in its bid to achieve the financial hub plan , including providing tax breaks to promote mergers and acquisitions m as between financial companies .
the ethiopians are firing heavy weaponry into areas where civilians are heavily populated , while the islamic militants are firing mortars and rpgs rocket propelled grenades from within those areas , ahmed said .
cnn the family of missing british child madeleine mccann released two sketches sunday of a man who may be linked to her disappearance last may from a holiday resort in portugal .
arnold meri is alleged to have organized the deportations of estonian citizens from hiiumaa island , state prosecutor s office spokeswoman julia zhmarjova said .
pinheiro has submitted a proposed itinerary for his visit to the myanmar government , which was still being fine tuned , said aye win , a u . n . spokesman in myanmar .
busses , trains and streetcars effortlessly move people from the airport to city center and beyond , and travelers can plan trips ahead of time and get real time transit arrival times at trimet . org .
communication to many parts of the province is still cut off , thuong said . the death toll is likely to rise .
fancy hotels such as the four seasons , the fairmont chateau , the westin resort and spa and not one but two pan pacific palaces seem to be at every turn inside whistler village .
in europe , london s ftse lost . percent , but germany s dax was up . percent and the cac in france had gained . percent .
cubatobaco works with altadis of spain and markets in countries . sales in rose almost percent to million .
that tape from wcbs tv .
this increase likely is the result of several factors , including a true increase in disease incidence and enhanced case detection resulting from implementation of laboratory based surveillance in several states , the cdc said in its weekly report on death and disease .
most of the victims were passengers on the second train whose conductor allegedly fled without opening the doors , leaving victims trapped in the flames .
a muslim chaplain cleared of espionage charges in the u . s .
on friday night three gunmen shot and wounded abdi omar jimale , a radio journalist working for radio baidoa , the journalist s mother said .
the results are sure to renew arguments about whether a little more sunshine is a good thing .
depoe bay , oregon
the strategy aims to counter years of propaganda video posted on the internet showing taliban attacks on nato forces which fighters use to claim that nato s position in the afghan war is deteriorating .
his bid , coming just days before the election , is expected to pose a serious threat to the so far surefire gnp candidate , lee myung bak , by causing a split among conservatives .
once he leaves office , long dormant investigations of scandals in his political past could be revived .
popular television and film actress lee eun ju was found dead , on tuesday apparently having committed suicide .
cnn armenian opposition leader levon ter petrosian appealed to his followers to go home sunday to avoid the kind of violent clashes between police and protesters that left nine people dead over the weekend .
park s election marks the first time a female politician has led a major political party in korea since .
a car bomb has wrecked an internet cafe , mangling a bus carrying handicapped children in northwestern pakistan
the italian foreign ministry said it was investigating a claim by an iraqi photographer .
the women said nothing to waiting reporters , who had been alerted to the handoff , as they got out of a dark gray toyota corolla driven by an afghan elder and into one of two waiting red cross suvs , ap said .
also , the ban also does not affect other sites , such as yahoo , and does not prevent soldiers from sending messages and photos to their families by e mail .
a police source told a reporter that a total of eight mortars had been fired into the mainly shiite area of doura .
road accidents are common in much of africa , where poor road conditions coupled with badly maintained vehicles make for precarious driving conditions .
nk denounced planned redeployment of u . s . forces in korea .
about congregants perished , according to civil defense estimates .
it s still unclear how this will affect americans traveling to one of the countries who participate in the visa waiver program .
lee myung bak , who took office as the th term president monday , appealed for change to continue what he called the great korea miracle .
some of the funds were supposed to go toward renovating buildings hekmatyar owns in a refugee camp in pakistan in order to run an orphanage , according to the indictment .
it says that lives may have been saved if college officials had acted sooner .
olmert , speaking at the israeli institute for national security studies , said it was down to the united states , russia , china and key european union nations to keep the pressure on iran .
forces searching for three soldiers abducted in a saturday attack south of baghdad believe the troops were kidnapped in a planned snatch , involving at least insurgents , a senior u . s . military official said .
the sharpest exchange in the debate came when romney , the former governor of massachusetts , was asked about the mccain campaign s charge that he once said he favored a strict timetable for removing troops from iraq .
meanwhile , marat safin struggled to beat fellow russian denis matsukevitch tp also advance to the second round .
electronic billboards with the wanted poster for laurean will soon be appearing across the country , the fbi said .
we are here to make music , said lorin maazel , the orchestra s musical director , earlier .
they aren t sure how their short feature for the mobile screen will be received but they re looking forward to finding out how people will interact with it when all five films are released on the sundance web site .
our rallies will continue until the government sits down with us and seeks a solution , opposition spokesman salim lone told the associated press .
sleep hygiene usually includes three areas
a palestinian cleric called a hunger strike by nearly three thousand palestinian prisoners a type of legitimate jihad .
it was not immediately clear how many days hilton will serve .
deputy prime minister hayati yazici said turkey was considering a series of sanctions against the self governing kurdish administration in iraq s north .
a closely watched index from standard poor s shows the values of homes in twenty big cities plunged in the year ending in october .
doolittle , who never hit a bad note during her idol run , seemed resigned to her fate .
until he walked into a police station in london on saturday evening and told officers that he was a missing person .
the ap s deanna belondi reports the politician accused of corruption has decided to do his own closing argument at his impeachment trial
drilling will begin around noon , and we hope to hit the cave , heinz peter haustein , one of the two treasure hunters and a member of germany s parliament , said in a news release .
though the fda has known about this problem for more than four decades , it has only recently started cracking down on the practice .
the number of confirmed cases is now .
first , their technical prowess is world renowned .
the defense department said it agreed with the report s findings , according to letters attached at the end of the gao report , but the state department disagreed with them , saying there was a comprehensive plan in place .
the opposition has dismissed those results as fraudulent , claiming tsvangirai won outright , and has not yet said whether he would contest a runoff .
it said the south should not meddle in ongoing international nuclear talks that include the u . s . by demanding disarmament as a precondition for north south cooperation .
pushed by the democratic led congress but also supported by many republicans , the bill was aimed at providing health insurance to about million children in low and moderate income families .
none of the banks provided specific answers .
singh is years old and a foot tall pound lefthander .
at stake was a draft bill requiring a financial unit of a conglomerate to get approval from the financial supervisory commission fsc before acquiring a percent or more stake in a non financial subsidiary to gain control of it .
this has been the most terrifying experience we ve had , gladys tarnawiecki told cnn from her home in lima .
un envoy to burma ibrahim gambari has met detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi in the main city of rangoon .
this has been a very frustrating year for me physically , but i m a big competitor and am determined to compete at the wta championships , sharapova said .
afghan troops backed by nato troops recaptured musa qala from taliban forces in december .
in miami , florida , the news came as no surprise to janisset rivero , the executive director of cuban democratic directorate , a group that works with dissidents in cuba .
fort myers , florida cnn mindy mccready is free on , bond after a weekend arrest on misdemeanor charges that she scratched her mother on the face during a scuffle and resisted sheriff s deputies , authorities said .
he was quickly deported back to saudi arabia by musharraf s government when he tried to return in september .
com blames a big piece of this on the recession
he said the case will be presented to the district attorney s office where the actress could face more charges , including felonies .
the figures , while still healthy , will fuel fears that worsening economic conditions around the world are hitting asian growth .
most of the leaders from pakistan s opposition parties have been jailed or placed under house arrest .
with north carolina and indiana in the rearview mirror , six contests and pledged delegates remain .
will you be my running mate ?
downtown the air is clear , he said , but it was like a sea of black and ash everywhere when he returned to check on his home this morning .
the warning came amid reports that foreign aid was being sold openly in markets and that the military was pilfering and diverting aid for its own use .
when police arrived , they found people collecting body parts of the insurgents . in other violence wednesday , seven people were killed and were wounded when a car bomb exploded in a shiite neighborhood in baghdad , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
the government promises tves will be more diverse , buying percent of its content from independent venezuelan producers .
investigators allege the men parked two cars packed with explosives outside a pub and a nightclub in central london , then drove six hours north to scotland to carry out the airport attack .
lee says if leader kim jong il abandons his nuclear programs , the south will launch massive investment and aid projects in the impoverished north to increase its per capita income to , .
he also holds the world record in the m and and just missed out on a third straight olympic , m gold in beijing .
london , england dubai said on monday it had agreed to buy the queen elizabeth for million and turn the famous cruise ship into a floating hotel and museum to draw tourists to one of the gulf emirate s man made islands .
the uri party s vice spokeswoman , yoo eun hye , said yesterday that lawmaker lee jong kul will head a five person committee that will seek answers independent of prosecutors investigations .
new york a woman arrested for exposing her breasts has accepted a , settlement from the city , her lawyer said .
both credit suisse and bank of america have mapped out how the fha could gather up more shaky home loans and rep . barney frank , chairman of the house of representatives financial services committee , on thursday offered legislation to do just that .
and they have never seen a four winged dinosaur before .
the meeting s most closely watched moment was the welcoming handshake on june sunday between french president jacques chirac and u . s .
i don t have any specific ideas , he says , looking sharp in a gray suit , white shirt and hollywood stubble . i want to work in all types of movies . i don t care the size of the movie .
president roh is in the final months of his term in office , and his critics accuse him of using the summit to cement his image as a peacemaker .
kang yong hee of the ministry s public affairs office told reporters .
stranded airlines passengers , angry about being left on the tarmac or in the terminal for hours and hours two winters ago , because of weather delays .
i thank god for brad pitt , guy said thursday when reporters viewed the first six homes pitt and family visited monday and tuesday .
kaesong , a shade below the th parallel , was part of south korea before the korean war .
these early surveys provide a snapshot of the race , but are not conclusive on who will win the critical contest .
i love that it s commenting on where we re at right now as women .
a lot of internet users still believe information wants to be free .
his fiancee has called off the august wedding in boston for accused craigslist killer philip markoff .
european officials have expressed concern the u . s . president will now be more emboldened , following his republican party s mid term election gains .
alex rodriguez plans to play in the all star game despite his strained left hamstring .
real were trailing when beckham had to go off and his replacement reyes equalized within a minute .
katanga wore a dark gray suit , white shirt and dark blue tie .
i think every marine is upset about this video , he said .
ibragimov , knockouts pounded out an unanimous decision against evander holyfield last month .
it raised hopes in seoul to solve the latest round of diplomatic disputes peacefully .
tomorrow geithner will announce a plan to rescue banks .
the doctor simply adds water to a mix of two powders , and molds it like clay .
he arrived at lahore s airport on a jet provided by the saudi government at around p . m .
give us a chance to challenge the charges , give me a chance to call in witnesses like rahm emanuel , the president s chief of staff , who said there was nothing inappropriate in conversations with me .
all this for a dinner that began as a staid , all male banquet with president calvin coolidge in .
also on board were a russian pilot and five cambodian crew members .
bran castle was built in the th century to serve as a fortress to protect against the invading ottoman turks .
the national election commission said lee had . of the votes after were counted .
this is the course in which you learn how to keep people working together , even when they don t want to .
these women just keep coming back to jail because they have no place to go , hilton said . it s a really bad cycle and if we stop it now , we can make our community a better place .
we don t have food , land or water . we are going to delhi to get this , rasi ram , one of the marchers in new delhi , told the cnn ibn news channel .
renee zellweger as a human florist who inspires a cross species crush in benson and matthew broderick as benson s best friend .
and waiting for the pa system to mispronounce your name .
authorities believe he was carrying only one bottle of water .
we do not have missiles that go beyond the proscribed range , saddam hussein insisted in the cbs television interview , his first with a u . s . journalist in a decade .
as a leader , i ll have to go lower down .
go to parent teacher conferences in chicago this morning , then sit down to talk about the economy with his financial team .
british media have said that promised contributions total some . million pounds euro . million , . million dollars , including reported donations from harry potter author j . k . rowling , tycoon sir richard branson and american idol judge simon cowell .
patarkatsishvili was accused of plotting a coup last year against georgia s pro western president mikheil saakashvili and organizing widespread anti government demonstrations which led the president to call early elections .
the panels depicting the biblical stories of adam and eve , jacob and esau , and david and goliath then will be moved back to florence to be reassembled in the original doorway for permanent , hermetically sealed display at the museo dell opera del duomo . they are expected never to travel again .
and president barack obama will complete his cabinet next hour when he nominates new hampshire senator judd gregg to be commerce secretary .
the rays and red sox continue their american league division series tonight , each of them up one game to none .
hope , , a former director of the uk based maritime society , said ships have been she since greek times .
finding the perpetrators has become a collective national demand , nasrallah wrote .
these aren t debates , the former georgia congressman said . this is a cross between tv shows the bachelor , american idol and who s smarter than a fifth grader .
he was carried ashore and taken to the fletcher cove park lifeguard station , but was pronounced dead at the scene .
obama had almost million supporters on facebook and put together a massive database of e mail addresses
the electrical tension in the overhead cable was beefed up , from , volts to , .
senate and her cousin kerry kennedy tells nbc s today show , caroline kennedy does have qualifications for the job .
the gunman was then shot by capt . odell adams , who joined turner security in , according to a spokesperson for turner , the parent company for cnn .
there has been an upsurge in sectarian violence in iraq in recent months , raising fears of a civil war .
about supporters also gathered in kisumu , kenya s third largest city , in a show of anger over were s killing , prompting police to fire tear gas and bullets to disperse them , the kenya broadcasting corp . reported .
as rice met with the officials , snipers kept watch from nearby buildings and more than , police officers patrolled the streets .
tuesday s bus bombings , however , were the first time that an attack appeared aimed to exact maximum casualties on civilians with no political affiliation .
so far , de jesus says that his flock hasn t been scared off by his claims of being the antichrist .
diana was crushed against the front seat with her hand raised , rassinier said .
it is my child .
new yorkers who have seen their life savings reduced to worthless stock certificates and depressing bank statements can get a small measure of revenge today
tokyo s support of the u . s . led invasions of afghanistan and iraq and dispatch of forces to each region have raised concerns that japan could be targeted by terrorists .
after the quake , buildings lay in heaps of rubble , and the windows of shops were shattered . roof tiles cluttered streets with cracked pavement .
obama spokesman bill burton declined the invitation and called the move a political stunt .
there are some , canadian soldiers fighting alongside afghan , american and other nato forces trying to weed out taliban fighters in southern afghanistan .
it s been months since the last worst air accident in brazilian history and now we ve had an accident worse than that , said david fleischer , a political scientist at the university of brasilia . if you look at what s happened since september , the answer is nothing .
dogs and cats do not know what is bad for them , said dr . cynthia gaskill , associate professor and veterinary clinical toxicologist at the university of kentucky in lexington . if there is medicine on the bathroom counter or food left on the table , that is irresistible to them .
it s a different story for jay leno , conan o brien and jimmy kimmel .
the target was someone inside the school , al hajjri said . it had nothing to do with the u . s . embassy . the u . s . embassy was not a target .
it means not losing heart in the face of resistance , adversity and scandal , he said .
paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy married former model carla bruni on saturday at the elysee palace , according to the official who performed the ceremony .
defense secretary robert gates , in his first speech as pentagon chief , made an urgent call sunday for nato allies to live up to their promises to supply military and economic aid for afghanistan , saying that failing to do so would be shameful .
obama will do what s necessary to fix economy , aide says
zimbabwe police detained tsvangirai , the mdc s presidential contender , earlier wednesday , less than a month before the run off election against president robert mugabe , a police spokesman said .
the palestinian people will not be bound by anything the palestinian authority agrees to in annapolis , he said .
du mosch said he probably would not have been able to control the big cat were it in better health .
her spokesman , sean mccormack , said later that no final decision had been made about rice appearing before the committee .
market heavyweight samsung electronics advanced . percent and top lender kookmin bank added . percent .
some , people marched on the country s parliament tuesday to express their anger at the teenager s death , and also other issues like the economy , jobs , and allegations that the government is corrupt .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice and the chinese president have endorsed a commitment to get north korea back into talks over its nuclear program .
meanwhile , atletico madrid have signed an agreement with the local council to move to the la peineta stadium , the centerpiece of the city s bid for the olympic games in , the primera liga club s president enrique cerezo announced on monday .
mccain faces questions on age , health
the dealers probably will have the right to appeal to get off the list , jon .
thirty five percent of respondents said the stalemate was the fault of deutsche bahn , percent blamed the union , and percent assigned equal blame .
the sufa and nahal oz crossings were open sunday to allow for the passage of fuel , food and medical supplies .
but some analysts fear the north wants the reactors completed so that it can produce more plutonium with which to manufacture atomic bombs .
officials said pyongyang pulled out of south korean officials working in the industrial complex near the border village of panmunjom .
the two states broke national democratic party rules by moving up the dates of their primaries to january .
short term visitors from japan and selected other nations , in contrast , may enter the united states without obtaining a visa in advance .
it is evident that the driver of the vehicle saw he was approaching the end of the runway , burroughs said .
might the same hold true for the first cinematic adventure of homer , marge , bart , lisa and maggie simpson ?
bad weather hindered the search carried out by helicopters and patrol ships .
sen . john mccain said monday the tenor of the immigration debate has hurt the way hispanic voters view the republican party .
he won a second term in .
we are equal , our relationships are equally valid , we have an equal right to marriage .
there is a clear choice there , and nikolic s election would indeed be a setback for serbia and increase its isolation , joseph told cnn .
president lee myung bak encouraged american ceos to invest more in korea , wednesday , but chose not to answer when they asked him about his stance on lone star funds .
men buy porches , disappear to florida , shack up with chippies , and come back six weeks later .
he added , i have perhaps a predilection towards people of unusual or strange proportions , which i don t want to over indulge .
but he started as a solo .
it is time for the party to review if it has successfully met public expectations .
under direct orders from miura goro , the japanese minister to korea at the time , sword bearing assassins invaded gyeongbok palace on october th , to kill empress myeongseong , who was seen as an obstacle to japan s annexation plans .
a spanish woman who lived in switzerland was killed , they said . further details about her were not immediately available .
he sought asylum in the united states in , shortly before the film was finished , and said he and his wife had been kidnapped and held for several years to make movies for kim
collinsville has partnered with the h . j . heinz co . to fill an foot tall , foot wide plastic pouch with , pounds of the tomato goop for a school fundraiser .
beckham continues to play for england where he hopes to break the record for most international appearances .
i want to leave because the security situation in iraq is much better and the atmosphere is less dangerous , abu ali , a refugee from baghdad , is quoted as saying in a report from the united nations high commissioner for refugees .
the korean central bank is definitely considering the move to invest its reserve in overseas stock markets , lee told reporters .
i will be honest with you about the challenges we face , and creating economic development and jobs here in this community will be challenging , he said . it s not going to be easy .
as soon as the new motor was hooked up , electricity began flowing through the unit .
haven t heard much from republicans this morning , but we are hearing from democrats on the gop s lack of support for the president s economic stimulus package that passed the house last night .
thousands of turks demonstrated in this black sea port city on sunday against the islamic rooted government , which they fear is undermining turkey s secular system .
ossuaries are stone boxes used at the time to store the bones of the dead .
most multivitamins are fortified with the current ai for vitamin d
former president bill clinton denied tuesday he had accused sen . barack obama s campaign of playing the race card during an interview monday .
according to world health organization figures , people have died worldwide from the h n strain since .
once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further .
george w . bush s political headache is in town .
last year , the vietnamese government unearthed cases of illegal trafficking that involved endangered animals , local media said at the time .
automotive products supplier , is demonstrating satellite radio at the consumer electronic show .
as well , reform of the value added tax system will cut taxes by billion yuan . billion for enterprises , the statement said .
we mourn as a nation because we know we are saying goodbye to a friend .
on wednesday , hong kong s legislators rejected chief executive donald tsang s reforms , saying they did not go far enough towards full democracy .
what they add fatty fish like salmon or tuna offer omega fats , which help lower the risk for heart disease .
they become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness .
it all depends on whether it s anchored by true north .
police estimated some , people attended a rally in the city hall square , which was organized by an alliance of right wing civic and religious groups opposing north korea and its leader kim jong il .
if sarkozy wins , he will push a judicial reform bill through parliament as early as july , le canard enchaine reported , quoting an unnamed source close to chirac .
anne applebaum , a journalist on assignment in new york , ran into trouble one friday at p . m . when her computer broke down just as she was preparing to file a story to london .
islamabad , pakistan cnn assassinated pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto s party will restart its campaign this week to unseat president pervez musharraf s ruling party from parliament following the end of its self imposed mourning period .
asked gingrich . the job of the candidate is to raise the money to hire the consultants to do the focus groups to figure out the second answers to be memorized by the candidate .
the footprints makers were short just under feet tall based on the prints size of less than inches in length , the researchers said .
an annoyed look from american idol judge simon cowell as a contestant expressed sadness over the virginia tech shootings was drastically misintrepreted , cowell and the show said wednesday .
but about , participants at the rally hoisted flags of the korean federation of trade unions , the korean peasants league and the korean street vendors confederation , all members of the anti trade alliance .
afghanistan is witnessing its bloodiest period since the taleban fell in .
irwin , who was , died after being struck in the chest by the stingray s barb while he was filming a documentary in queensland s great barrier reef .
nearly all of those who have contracted the h n flu , or who have had probable cases of the flu , have had relatively mild cases and all have recovered or are recovering nicely .
world number three svetlana kuznetsova had to work hard to reach the fourth round of the indian wells women s tournament by overcoming slovakian dominika cibulkova .
the outbreak on a farm near lowestoft in suffolk is the highly pathogenic asian strain and is similar to the virus found in hungary last month , a british government agency said saturday .
consumers are interested in using these new security systems , which can significantly reduce online fraud .
about men are still held at guantanamo on suspicion of terrorism or links to al qaeda or the taliban .
the comment came after north korea insulted lee personally , tested missiles and threatened to reduce the south to ashes . pyongyang rejected calls from seoul to halt provocative remarks and actions , and threatened to take military action against the south .
council spokeswoman daniela tempelman said the council decided it must comply with the dublin regulation and return kazemi to britain .
the creator of the classic comedy is writing jerry seinfeld , julia louis dreyfuss , jason alexander and michael richards into several episodes of curb your enthusiasm in his current show s upcoming season on hbo .
in the second interview with the same newspapers , chirac retracted his comment about tehran being razed .
and lanny davis , a former white house special counsel supporting clinton , told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that obama very ironically wants to change the rules of the game in the middle of the game .
has not assessed the real age of president elect barack obama , who is , because of lack of medical data .
and , now , he is starting to make a name for himself outside korea and japan .
utah senator orrin hatch co sponsored one bill introduced thursday , the criminal spam act of , which targets people who hijack computer systems or use other fraudulent means to send unsolicited commercial e mail .
four days of peace talks between the sri lankan government and tamil rebels have ended on a high note as both sides bid to end one of asia s longest running conflicts .
the ministry also said it reconfirmed through a telephone conversation that the abductees were safe .
venus williams has six grand slam singles titles , but her run to the final remains her best performance in australia .
govsec provides a chance for companies to pitch their wares in an effort to secure some of the millions of dollars in government contracts .
associated press white house correspondent mark smith .
fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed the couple was the target of a plot directed by queen elizabeth ii s husband , prince philip partly motivated , he alleges , by a desire to prevent diana from marrying a muslim .
nasa made the decision saturday to bring the shuttle back early , when forecasts for dean showed the storm could veer to the north in the gulf of mexico and possibly force an evacuation of johnson space center in houston , texas .
most of those wounded were members of hamas , medical sources told afp news agency .
social norms have a hard time keeping pace . for several years now , friends , enemies and first time daters have had to face up to the inconvenient truths that turn up with a little web snooping dubbed google stalking .
the plane was arriving from amman , jordan , airport security officials said , and was landing in bad weather when it overshot the runway , crashed and caught fire .
whoever the coward was that committed this disgraceful act on our city will be found and prosecuted to the full extent of the law , bloomberg said .
also killed was guillermo enrique torres or julian conrado , who was a key farc ideologue .
the discussion on virus sample sharing was among the predominant subjects at who s annual meeting against the backdrop of an ongoing battle with indonesia over h n virus samples .
by the way , raising it a few days before the florida primary , when there was very little time for me to correct the record , falls in the kind of dirty tricks that ronald reagan would have found reprehensible .
royal wants to add social elements to the constitution text and put it to a referendum , a lengthy and potentially hazardous venture .
others have taken to white s music , as well his first cd single opened at number in japan in its first week .
i won a masters in miami but here i beat the number three roddick in the quarters , the number two nadal in the semis and in the final , i beat the number one .
the protest was organized after leftist rebels of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , announced last week that state lawmakers it had held for more than five years were killed in crossfire june when an unidentified military group attacked the camp where they were being held .
before the movie was screened , jacobovici said that particular inscription provided crucial support for his claim .
the us is protesting an incident yesterday in the south china sea .
the stock market has been bouncing around up and down in the first minutes of trading .
thai media said between and of voters had participated .
once ratified by all nations , an information sharing center will be established in singapore through which member nations hope to consolidate their intelligence and counter measures on piracy .
the apology came at the start of its main news program news desk .
we will honor him in our thoughts .
the us has urged north korea to fulfill its pledge to shut down the yongbyon nuclear reactor , as pyongyang missed a key deadline for closing the plant .
chicago , illinois cnn mcdonald s , wal mart and other u . s . chains have halted sales of some raw tomatoes as federal health officials work to trace the source of a multistate salmonella food poisoning outbreak .
observers say signs of a return to political life will alarm opponents who accuse thaksin of abusing power and weakening democratic institutions .
there s a long way to go there s a long way . but the good news is we re moving , says tim shriver , chairman of the special olympics .
despite passing the milestone of titles only a week after his th birthday , federer said he had no designs on the overall men s title record of held by american jimmy connors , who played on until he was almost .
paris , france ap voters resoundingly endorsed president nicolas sarkozy s plans to overhaul the french economy , giving his party a commanding lead sunday in the first round of elections for parliament , according to preliminary official results .
the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives is working with local police and fire on the investigation .
it has to do with detroit , the shortage of cash , and all the fear in the auto industry .
the proposed sale is expected to be a major topic of discussion next week when u . s . defense secretary robert gates and secretary of state condoleezza rice meet with saudi officials .
it is what makes internet celebrity so different from the tabloid fodder fame of folks like paris hilton and brittney spears .
the doctor then removed the canister cap and sprayed the contents toward the crowd of nurses and doctors viewing the procedure .
he worries that interlopers will run afoul of the camouflaged security guards who guard area .
bush said he appreciated howard s commitment of australian troops in iraq even as times got tough .
sunday s violence flared after a leader of the fatah linked al aqsa martyrs brigades was ambushed and killed .
the spending bill , which congress passed last week , funds military operations in afghanistan and iraq , but it also calls for the withdrawal of u . s . troops beginning in october , with the goal of getting all u . s . combat forces out of iraq by the end of march .
. women interpret their own symptoms
the streets may be named for a past generation s luminaries like bob hope and frank sinatra the kids are bound to ask who they are and the place may be a haven for golf playing retirees there are courses here but there is plenty here for st century families whatever your budget and interest .
queen elizabeth paid a visit , and so did president bush .
bush said that most democrats are afraid of irritating a left wing group like moveon . org and they are more afraid of irritating them than they are of irritating the united states military . watch bush condemn the moveon . org ad raquo
bonvillain , of houma , louisiana , was arrested in december after he allegedly recorded telephone conversations with an employee of winfrey s production company and told a company associate he wanted to publish a book based on the recordings .
us and japan have detected signs of nk preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching japan .
television footage showed high winds pounding rocky shorelines in the central prefecture of shizuoka , while a landslide farther north in chiba flattened one house .
the results will be ratified on jan . .
the korea times reports the government is considering measures requiring all individuals nominated for ministerial positions to pass a confirmation hearing with the national assembly in an effort to build a more transparent society .
the chinese government was attempting to fill the information vacuum with its own message , saying sunday through official media that the restive areas were under control .
cindy sheehan , the california mother who became an anti war leader after her son was killed in iraq , declared monday she was walking away from the peace movement .
. forgetting common etiquette
tackling climate change was a key part of the agenda .
in a highly competitive race , tilda swinton nabbed the best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal as lawyer karen crowder in the legal drama michael clayton .
under french law , couples must tie the knot before a mayor to make their union official .
three boys and two girls were killed , and other babies were injured , two of them critically .
some people will think it s tasteless , but we think the reality is even more shocking and tasteless waiting for an organ is just like playing the lottery , said network chairman laurens drillich .
last year , for example , al sahab released a minute video with the last testimonies of hijackers wail al shehri and hamza al ghamdi .
if the outcome is in line with projections , it was a complete defeat , hidenao
the travoltas also have a daughter , ella , .
if the only criteria is longevity in washington , then she s certainly not going to beat john mccain on that , he said .
the country s emergency office said the evacuation order was issued after the volcano erupted around a . m . , emitting pyroclastic flows or mixtures of hot , dry rock fragments and hot gases .
tasmania parks and wildlife services manager chris arthur said the whales
mugabe denies his supporters were responsible for election related violence .
the attacks continue an upsurge in violence that has claimed more than lives since the start of may , as us forces fight rebels in the west .
the shaky five minute video aired on iran s press tv widely viewed as the mouthpiece for iran s islamic revolution guards corps and was posted on press tv s web site .
the others aimed at making mortgages cheaper by buying up to billion in mortgage backed assets .
today s list of massage options is long and varied , a veritable smorgasbord of touchy feely options .
as comes to an end , the associated press is out with its top ten stories of the year .
the blasts confirmed fears of instability linked to bhutto s return , which came after she reached an agreement with pakistani president pervez musharraf allowing her to seek re election as prime minister .
the program had only restarted two days before osman s arrest .
we shouldn t forget for an instant that we re in a battle against north american imperialism , chavez said . on this continent , they have us as enemy no . .
fans can shop with oprah online
in some cases , officers said the powder turned out to be flour or cornstarch .
what are advantages of an automaker going into bankruptcy ?
investigation over white house e mail glitch
he was found guilty of passing on national secrets , which included details about south korean politics and its politicians .
the goal is a lightweight car with a range of miles .
he said if israel wanted to escalate the crisis his forces were ready for confrontation .
that smashed into the earth million years ago .
berlin , germany cnn karlheinz stockhausen , whose innovative electronic works made him one of the most important composers of the postwar era , has died at age .
hasanuddin , who is , told a jakarta court he helped plan the attack but he rejected allegations he masterminded it .
nelson died on april while traveling in bucks county , pennsylvania , his wife , nansi nelson , said friday .
mark smith , at the white house .
in the study , paul and colleagues looked at , healthy people with an average age of about .
the government , to freeze public services fee .
bad boss self concept
the australian government said the soldier fired his weapon in self defense after being attacked by a group of men with steel arrows .
the complex , which opened in , was formerly called euro disney .
a walking program is easy to start .
i wish i could take it back every day , heather johnston , , told the judge .
tokyo and seoul are now discussing plans to allow tourists to temporarily exchange yen and won at commercial banks and airport money booths inside japan .
foreign minister moses wetangula told cnn we have made tremendous progress and we have considerably narrowed our differences between the two parties . reaching a conclusion is very close .
investigators refused to speak on the record discussing the notes in more detail because the investigation is ongoing .
thailand s main opposition party says it has submitted evidence to the electoral commission that the ruling party has committed electoral fraud .
israeli attacks onto hamas locations in gaza you can see from where we re standing right now smoke resonating from a village across the border .
however , since assuming control of both the house and senate , democrats have had very little success in swaying the president s stance on the war .
we want to see who has the best fear factor .
the campaign said , donors contributed to the campaign in february .
the google earth mapping service combines d satellite imagery , aerial and ground level maps and the power of google , one of the internet s most widely used search engines , to make the world s geographic information user friendly .
three masked men stole the four paintings in what police called a spectacular heist feb . at the e . g . buhrle collection among the finest collections of impressionist and post impressionist art in the world .
higher employment and incomes have been generated by the commercial logging industry which has been growing since the mid s and is now further boosted with the dramatic expansion of the domestic plywood and other timber industries .
the yongi kongju region , . million pyong in size and kilometers from the cities of taejon and chongju , topped a list of four candidates after a series of public hearings and an evaluation process in which it scored the highest score of . points , followed by nonsan kongju in a distant second .
he later delivered the traditional christmas address in st . peter s square , sending christmas greetings in languages including english , spanish , lithuanian , ukrainian , slovak and many others .
after a day of international talks in beijing , a south korean official said pyongyang had agreed to disable all its nuclear facilities by the year s end .
it was bowery s idea for tilley to pose for freud , so he arranged a meeting .
the prosecution thursday extended the overseas travel ban imposed on american citizen john grayken , chairman of lone star funds , to days for further questioning over alleged irregularities involving the fund s acquisition of the korea exchange bank back in .
publicly funded apartments in seoul will be put up for sale only after construction is percent completed .
the islamabad attack came six weeks after al qaeda deputy leader ayman al zawahiri , in a video message , called on muslims to retaliate against denmark for the caricatures .
brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva , the leader of the continent s largest economy who has moved closer to u . s . president george w . bush over ethanol output , swiped at chavez , rejecting his fellow leftist s criticism of their plan .
fu said in the sunday telegraph that tibet is loved by the chinese .
spokesman todd goyer said people will be able to use laptop computers in their cars and trucks just as if they were in an office or home .
in a letter , the house members democrats and one republican pointed to china s crackdown on anti government protesters in tibet . they urged the president to reconsider his decision .
he said that the left winglet of the plane had been damaged , but that engineers would remove the winglets ahead of the postponed flight .
early reports indicated some homes were damaged and people may be missing , journalist patzy vazquez told cnn en espa ntilde
most of the reporter s stories focused on iraqi widows , orphans , and children , said the brother .
meanwhile , the commerce department says new home construction last month fell to an all time low .
baozi are a common snack in china , with an outer skin made from wheat or rice flour and a filling of sliced pork .
he said , it s too late . he said he d left a note explaining everything .
as crews construct the road and rail link , they said , the workers would also build oil and gas pipelines and lay electricity and fiber optic cables .
in switching to maximum alert , spanish authorities have not spoken publicly of other specific targets , but they point out that al qaeda statements regularly mention spain , among other countries , as a target .
this time next week we ll be down to the semi finalists .
he said after the afghan government s refusal to entertain the taliban demand regarding the prisoners swap , the two sides koreans and taliban engaged in ransom talks and the delay in release of the captives was caused because the taliban wanted guarantees and the korean side wanted scaling down of the demanded amount .
china is facing growing global pressure to clean up its manufacturing sector and ensure the quality of its exports after a series of scandals involving products ranging from poisonous pet food ingredients to sub standard toys and tainted toothpaste .
the airline said it had to switch to using a boeing , which seats fewer people than the airbus jet , because a replacement of the fuel pump failed to solve the problem .
data from the u . s . energy department and federal highway administration and several surveys in recent days suggest american consumers are driving less .
morgan , , was teaching elementary schoolchildren in mccall , idaho , when she was chosen as mcauliffe s backup .
the museum holds items of incalculable cultural value , perhaps the most famous being the tablets with hammurabi s code one of mankind s earliest codes of law .
other than size , the animal was anatomically similar to today s giant panda , said ciochon .
the idea create a luxurious atmosphere for one specific reason
the junta has kept her under house arrest in burma s main city , rangoon , for of the past years .
then last month , the year old was caught wearing a suicide vest on a motorbike in the eastern afghan city of khost .
under election law , thursday is the last day that potential candidates for the march vote have to hold such conferences .
an estimated people have died in the violence that erupted following the controversial re election of president kibaki , according to police and journalists across the country .
asked what members of the team have learned from past administrations , podesta said they knew they had to act quickly .
at feet above sea level , the spot towers over neighboring islands and boasts a view spanning boston s skyline and the miles between salem to the north and the blue hills reservation to the south .
in a sign the government is working toward reconciliation , former members of saddam hussein s party were reinstated to their jobs after they joined the fight against al qaeda in anbar province , said ali al lami , a senior official with the commission that considered their cases .
during the series of phone calls , made on october , the pair also joked that sachs might kill himself on hearing the news then attempted to apologize with further calls .
i want to say to all the french who are afraid , that i want to protect them against violence , against delinquency , against unfair competition , against outsourcing , the former interior minister said .
msnbc . com reported that cho also discussed martyrs like eric and dylan apparently referring to columbine high school gunmen eric harris and dylan klebold , who killed people and themselves on april , .
but taking into account the survey s sampling error of . percentage points in the democratic race , the race is virtually tied .
an indian court jailed bollywood star sanjay dutt for six years on tuesday for acquiring illegal weapons from gangsters involved in india s worst bombings that killed people in .
obama is looking more and more toward a likely general election matchup with john mccain , the presumptive gop presidential nominee .
the government also said it will overhaul supervisory rules on the financial market to be on a par with those of advanced countries .
the farm groups said they would suspend grain and beef sales until monday to protest a percent export tax on agricultural products such as soy and sunflower seeds .
but help may be on the way in the form of a new drug that has proved successful in resetting the body s natural sleep rhythms .
liann casey of miami , florida , florida international university
miliband said russian officials have said privately that the actions stem from the litvinenko murder .
we will continue to monitor the well being of the other embassy staff in tehran .
last week , in a nine page letter sent to the judge asking for leniency , braunstein described planning the crime conceding a key prosecution point while arguing that he was mentally ill .
it s a question of execution now , like so many things .
company spokeswoman deisha galberth said sets of tests done on the products found melamine , a contaminant that s a byproduct of several pesticides .
leaders agreed not to raise new trade barriers over the next months and vowed to reach a resolution on the doha trade talks , which were launched in to help liberalize trade international trade policies .
president hamid karzai was warned of a weekend assassination plot against him , afghanistan s intelligence chief said tuesday , acknowledging that failings by the security services allowed militants to launch the attack .
the recipients of the annual award handed out by the annals of improbable research magazine were honored at harvard university s sanders theater .
this is the single biggest promotion waterford has ever been involved in .
despite the loss , it returns home with an overall profit of billion won million gained from recent stake sales in sk corp . , the country s top refiner .
we arrived at this decision to separate our brand from further exposure from doping in sport and cycling specifically , deutsche telekom said in a statement on tuesday .
from beijing it will go through central asia and into europe , on to the americas , through africa then back to asia .
more than . billion in government grants for homeless services will go to cities , up from million this year .
and so it went , all day long and , from the looks of things , for many more days to come .
the video clip shows a diver plunging into a pool as part of a campaign to promote the jagged olympic logo , a graffiti like blow up of the number in a range of colors including hot pink and electric blue .
president roh moo hyun yesterday slammed japan for its provocative rhetoric suggesting possible pre emptive strikes on north korea in the wake of the latest missile crisis .
the seizure is the largest scale abduction of foreigners since the fall of the taliban regime in .
japan had . million foreign entries in .
urg , khalaf said , apologized to the interior ministry and said it is committed to compensating the families of the two women and taking action against its employees , depending on what an investigation reveals .
mainstream newspapers later criticized ohmynews , questioning whether it was ethical for a so called reporter to incite demonstrations .
speaking to reporters on tuesday , vice president yusuf kalla said that there was no way indonesia would legalize or decriminalize marijuana as some countries in western europe have done .
yang met with kim in pyongyang on tuesday and conveyed a personal message from chinese president hu jintao , the north s state media reported .
the two countries presidents discussed the incident by telephone monday in what georgian leader mikhail saakashvili termed a difficult conversation .
if you were looking for someone to write a pithy satire dishing the dirt on the highs and lows of hollywood , then a list producer art linson would be a pretty good bet .
i love warm weather and summertime , the year old actor says in the magazine s hottest bachelors issue , on newsstands friday .
magazine and was expected to receive a large payday for exclusive pictures of the newborn .
condoleezza rice spoke on the telephone with israeli and palestinian officials tuesday , mccormack said .
seeing that there s going to be more of a global commitment to resolving the financial crisis has given confidence to investors and gotten them to put some money to work , christopher colarik , portfolio manager at glenmede investment management , told cnnmoney .
for the first time , the anniversary commemoration took place in an atmosphere of raised hopes that justice will be done and those responsible for the slaughter of some , muslims years ago this month will finally be prosecuted .
severe winter weather was creating christmas week travel headaches across the country monday , canceling flights and closing major highways .
chung , who had approval ratings of percent ahead of the election , withdrew his candidacy after finishing second to then ruling party standard bearer roh moo hyun in several public surveys to determine whether he or roh would run .
hit by a series of recent corruption scandals , the gnp also lost five of six races for local chiefs , including yangcheon in seoul and bonghwa in north gyeongsang province .
patients lying everywhere
the production will open this winter at a theater and date to be determined , producer david binder announced monday .
industry officials say about , of the island s . million tourists already come for the cultural and religious monuments and the market has seen a boost since dan brown s bestseller the da vinci code made religious quests popular . cyprus has always been associated with religion .
gunmen raided the home of national people s front candidate kamal prasad adhikari , shooting him four times tuesday night after he refused to come out of the house in the southeastern town of nepalganj , police said .
baghdad , iraq cnn an iraqi kurdish official said two turkish military aircrafts crossed into iraqi border space on monday and dropped stun grenades on an uninhabited border area in an apparent attempt to locate targets there .
sk telecom co . , south korea s top mobile carrier , said monday it has signed a deal to take over a controlling stake in internet service operator hanarotelecom inc .
the report was adopted by a large majority , with meps voting in favor , against and abstaining .
cnn an a superjumbo bound for sydney came loose from a tow truck and partially rolled onto grass at singapore airport .
with the deaths , , u . s . military personnel , including seven civilian employees of the defense department , have died in the iraq war of them in the month of june .
beatles recordings have been distributed by emi since the early s .
some in the united states want to put pressure on north korea , kim said , but when north korea does not keep its promise even when provided with a fair deal , then the members of the six party talks can come up with stern measures against pyongyang .
similar scenes were unfolding across a vast expanse of southwestern china .
it really is the power of oprah , donelly said . people just really missed the book club .
it s not like a . . . super collider or some search for neutrinos buried in the ice .
the panel , consisting of seven snu professors and two outside experts , are investigating the authenticity of hwang s work on stem cells .
zane never intended to surround herself in mystery and intrigue .
mullah omar is the elusive , shadowy taliban leader who slipped away in the early days of the war in afghanistan .
the user also sold several items in recent months , ebay listings showed .
we put a real premium on schedule .
hundreds of houses collapsed and the typhoon tore the roofs off scores more , said disaster official nguyen duc tien .
connery played indy s father in s indiana jones and the last crusade , the third installment of the franchise directed by steven spielberg and produced by george lucas .
for one of life s good guys , parker sure has a way of picking up enemies .
the customs and border protection defends the searches , saying the agency does not need to show probable cause to look inside suitcases or laptops .
it s awards season in hollywood , which means that the entertainment industry is offering a flurry of self congratulatory honors over the next two months .
the said they would start selling the software , which they haven t yet priced , as soon as their online payment and customer service systems are ready .
the total now nearly . million , with another , people filing first time claims just last week .
in uncertain times , it is seen as a safer bet for investors , and has risen percent this year .
petraeus and crocker spent two days this week on capitol hill testifying on the status of the year old war .
on saturday king juan carlos told chavez to shut up at a summit in chile after the president said ex spain prime minister jose maria aznar was a fascist .
i think we need to band together and say , never again .
if correct the poll s findings just before the first round on sunday will be a boost for year old royal , campaigning to become france s first woman president .
the former surgeon s comments came after confirmation last friday from the ioc that his name would be in the ring for a second term when the election is held at the ioc s congress in copenhagen between october in .
izmir is a port city on the aegean coast that is a bastion of secularism , and islamic parties fare poorly there .
by p . m . , major arteries joining delhi to surrounding cities had reopened .
sharratt s attorney , gary myers , said last year , our view has been and continues to be that these were combat related deaths .
a new earth tremor thought to be an aftershock has been felt in the pakistani capital , islamabad .
tropical cyclone yemyin , packing winds of up to miles per hour kph roared over the arabian sea to the south of karachi and hit the coast of the southwestern province of baluchistan , said chief meteorologist qamar uz zaman chaudhry .
london , england manchester united were crowned english premier league champions on sunday as nearest challengers chelsea were held to a draw by arsenal at the emirates stadium .
the band s other hits included bang your head metal health and another slade cover , mama weer all crazee now .
the increased messaging from al qaeda could represent different things and our analytical personnel , working with intelligence community partners , review every message for clues and leads , kolko said .
alerted his men to the route s dangers . he said he had driven the coach himself recently and its brakes had then worked well .
pakistan rejected the statements as irresponsible and dangerous and said only its own troops could carry out counterterrorism actions on pakistani soil .
beckham s replacement david bentley of blackburn also failed to make an impression as england labored to their first defeat under new coach fabio capello .
it is a new beginning for me . i feel like i already lived three lives .
all three of us affirmed our commitment to a two state solution , agreed that a palestinian state cannot be born of violence and terror , and reiterated our acceptance of previous agreements and obligations , including the road map , rice said , referring to the internationally backed plan for peace .
the hitler statue will be the only one on display behind glass , which means visitors won t be able to have their pictures taken with it
after her original conviction on manslaughter charges in a state court in frankfurt an der oder , on the polish border , she was given the maximum year prison sentence .
i don t hold grudges over anyone . but if he doesn t want to speak to me , then that s for him to decide .
the space travelers performed a record tying five spacewalks , put together a space station robot and provided a new japanese compartment and resident for the orbiting complex .
some eucalyptus species may have high protein content , but anti nutrients such as tannins bind the protein so it cannot be digested by koalas .
the move came a few hours after putin dissolved the cabinet of his long serving prime minister , mikhail fradkov , saying he needed to appoint a government better suited to the election campaign and to prepare the country for life after the elections .
the bush administration signaled thursday that it may not be able to reach an agreement with north korea on its nuclear program before president bush leaves office next month but said it will continue to try .
in a luncheon at chong wa dae with chief editors from news outlets , roh warned that lawmakers and presidential contenders opposing his plan would face a political backlash .
they are involved in social activities , which is one of the criteria for earning early parole , said colonel elena kuznetsova , director of the prison in vishny volochek , about miles km northwest of moscow .
at capcom , dan burbank was happy to hear the commander s report that the astronauts can see the telescope like a shining star of the east
three japanese were freed by their captors thursday , a day after other kidnappers executed an italian
former president kim dae jung on wednesday expressed his willingness to support the government s efforts to find a breakthrough in the ongoing standoff over north korea s nuclear programs , hinting at his future role as a peace envoy to pyongyang .
i would be crazy if i did election commission chairman vasana puemlarp said delaying the election was possible .
we want to give . . . banks the means to lend , to support the economy to enable households to borrow for mortgages or consumption and give companies the means necessary to invest for growth , said sarkozy , who also holds the rotating european union presidency .
but it s not only the elderly who yearn for stalin s strong hand .
five tourists were charged with creating a public disturbance and confronting police , he added .
doctors have been treating it conservatively for months , she said of the treatment that led to the decision to have the surgery
more than million are said to have died .
russians and americans alike made their pitch for the project at a conference titled megaprojects of russia s east , held tuesday in moscow .
cnn the olympic torch made its controversial passage through the tibetan capital , lhasa , saturday with most local residents kept away .
brown also announced a new policy helping its local iraqi staffers .
the agreement was announced in manhattan by attorneys general from new jersey , north carolina , connecticut , pennsylvania , ohio and new york .
it is believed haneef had been in phone contact with those suspected of involvement in the london and glasgow incidents .
in the aeros corporation of montebello , ca . resurrected the airship concept .
mischa barton was arrested for misdemeanor driving under the influence after her car was stopped by sheriff s deputies early thursday morning in west hollywood .
but different from what was suspected first , he did not serve as a marine nor have any experience at a special military unit or previous criminal record .
but his fears were replaced with joy when little joshua childers was found huddled on the ground in mark twain national forest , about miles from his home .
the cutoff paralyzed the palestinian government , which was already struggling financially because of widespread corruption
portugal will meet turkey , the czech republic and switzerland in group a .
everything that he always said would happen to me , he s not here in the flesh to see it , henson said .
the united states is a strong supporter of prime minister fouad siniora s government , which it sees as a rare example of a young democracy in the middle east .
london , england cnn the long threatened yangtze river dolphin in china is probably extinct , according to an international team of researchers who said this would mark the first whale or dolphin to be wiped out due to human activity .
smith declined to comment monday on microsoft s next measures .
hyundai purchased wia , a kia affiliate , at a below market price in , raising suspicions about the acquisition deal .
some have doctored x ray photographs or had surgery to damage ligaments or knee cartilage .
local governments in los angeles and west hollywood are also part of the effort to curb what they call a dangerous and expensive problem .
we hope that world leaders coming to rome will agree on the urgent measures that are needed to boost agricultural production while protecting the poor from rising prices , diouf said .
the condition of the other two was not immediately known .
well , you know , the buzzword for it is neoconism , scowcroft said on cnn earlier this month .
even when we were debating the stimulus , we kept saying over and over again ?
wire reports say hakim jan , an ex police chief of the province who in the past opposed the taliban , died in the blast .
hardcore fans need not worry that the movie will be going back to square one , though , carter said .
i blame the government . they didn t provide a safe route for us even though they knew we were targets for attack .
but the iphone and the app store have helped democratize game development by opening the field to any software coder with talent and a clever idea , industry observers say .
cnn . clean up your act
the government lifted all rules today that had barred koreans from purchasing and retaining homes overseas .
the relaxed rules represent the first nuts and bolts changes since february when ra uacute
korea s consumer confidence plunged to its lowest in four years in november , suggesting that domestic demand will continue to be a big drag on asia s third largest economy .
on the republican side , cnn projects arizona senator john mccain to win new york , illinois , new jersey , connecticut and delaware
but villa hit back immediately when england goalkeeper paul robinson dropped gareth barry s corner , allowing laursen to prod home after a ricochet off pascal chimbonda .
a new air force analysis of radar and satellite images led to this weekend s ground search , plus with three civil air patrol planes flying over the mountainous area .
he said he had no immediate plans to visit the mainland , but wanted to work on substantive issues .
sandy cosell , washington .
the singer announced tuesday that she was postponing her upcoming u . s . and canadian tour dates after she canceled august performances due to severe exhaustion .
in april , frazer accused mugabe , who has ruled zimbabwe for nearly three decades , of trying to steal the election and intimidating the population and election officials as well .
the enormous collateral damage and civilian casualties in southern lebanon caused an outcry by rights groups and arabs governance about the use of cluster bombs .
london , england cnn the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still cannot remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it .
the book with the hair still inside could fetch as much as , , said nick muston , director of gorringes auction house .
bush s televised speech is expected to follow the advice of us commander in iraq , gen david petraeus , who gave a progress report to congress this week
both the ntsb and the federal aviation administration usually deploy investigators to crash sites involving us made aircraft .
we encourage pirates to leave the ships , said robertson .
three men who met on an internet site that matches up criminals were arrested after battering a woman to death and abandoning her body in a forest , police and japanese media said on monday .
they called for international talks on a treaty to replace the armistice that ended the korean war .
glen hansard , from the irish rock band the frames , plays a dublin busker vacuum repairman who is befriended by an insistent eastern european immigrant marketa irglova .
president bush said the move should spark a democratic transition for the communist island nation .
we believe based on the conviction of the charges here that the sentences for this type of offense are far less than what the government suggested .
does elizabeth edwards still love her husband , still feel close to him , after john edwards disclosed his affair following the revelation of her terminal cancer ?
u . s . president george w . bush has called on nato members to send more troops to afghanistan .
up to inches of rain could fall in some areas , it said .
the south korean navy was ordered not to patrol above the line .
gillian gibbons , , is being held by police in the capital khartoum after she asked her class of seven year olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , robert boulos , the head of unity high school told cnn .
the program run by the california state polytechnic university agriculture professor is part of a growing effort to use hydroponics
the dow is up just a few points .
los angeles , california cnn life is good for scarlett johansson .
the democratic rivals traded shots over clinton s proposal that the government do away with the federal gas tax for the summer and make up the budget shortfall by taxing what she calls oil companies windfall profits .
police earned cash bonuses for beating and arresting hundreds of lawyers monday who had gathered outside of lahore s courthouse , police sources said .
moriarty , , an attorney from holyoke , massachusetts , doesn t want to call his weight loss plan a resolution .
prior to the match the united states the top ranked team in the world who will play their first game against north korea on tuesday were the firm favorites to win the tournament , but germany proved they will be major forces with this stunning victory .
video footage from the scene showed a man emerge carrying the girl , named vandana .
white house press secretary robert gibbs says geithner talked to aig s top manager last week and objected to the outrageous bonuses
the material was very hard and covered in oil and burnt hair , and it also had the remains of eyes and a nose , which led the administration to conclude it to be the head of a rat .
officials in baluchistan said they were having trouble communicating with the affected area .
chuck hunt , spokesman for the association , said the group is considering options , one of which is the intent to pursue further litigation against the city .
the operation took seven weeks to plan , police said .
but who was he to complain as a vip guest of the same arid landscape where angelina jolie delivered brad pitt s baby ?
a wonderful bird is the pelican , and now there s a pelican mystery in california .
last year , rising food prices touched off riots around the world , killing dozens of people .
ships are to lose their sex , to the consternation of sailors and historians alike .
in a telephone call , former chief justice iftikhar muhammed chaudhry fired by musharraf on saturday urged a gathering of lawyers to go to every corner of pakistan and give the message that this is the time to sacrifice .
howard would not confirm the number of wounded , but added , we have some people that are in shock , which is to be expected after an event like this takes place .
the check in lines are about ten people long .
earlier this month , a judge placed spears under the conservatorship of her father and an attorney after more than a year of increasingly bizarre behavior by the singer .
zoo officials hope the exhibit will raise awareness of the rapidly diminishing wild orangutan population , which is on track to completely disappear in the next decade , and potentially provide keys to their survival .
despite a few snags the company says it anticipated including an industry wide shortage of fasteners brought on by a surge in demand for new jets in recent years boeing officials say nothing so far has threatened to bump the behind schedule .
seventeen percent of people in this age group turned to newspapers .
bush told abe that he appreciated his candor and noted that japan today is not the japan of world war ii , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said in washington on tuesday .
in the thai holiday resort of phuket , popular with tourists seeking some christmas sunshine , beaches were devastated .
jackson had asked to testify by a video link from the united states because of an unspecified illness .
winter blackout results in dutch baby boom
i cleaned him and he started to sneeze and cry .
the white house said the implication that it had hidden facts was troubling and should be corrected .
the blast left a foot crater in the ground and damaged homes in the shiite turkmen village of qubbak , about six miles kilometers northeast of tal afar , the army official told cnn .
al maliki told cnn last week that the united states and iran should stop using his country as a proxy battleground , accusing iran of targeting u . s . troops in iraq but saying he doesn t want u . s . forces to use iraq as a base to attack iraq s neighbors .
four essentials for technological advance are the right idea , the right method of putting it into effect , the right moment in time , and availability of the right materials .
the army says the victims were militants and soldiers but local people report at least civilians were among the dead .
any product with a large product margin is ripe for haggling , he said .
these include the kidnapping of police and people the mosque s leaders say are involved in immoral activities such as prostitution .
tina fey and rock cleaned up at the golden globe awards .
her husband , gerry mccann , who has already been interviewed twice , was due to speak to police on friday .
china has slapped an import ban on south korean made kimchi and side dishes in retaliation against seoul s steps to strengthen quarantine against chinese kimchi following the discovery of parasite eggs in them .
economists are seeing a change in the way the economy responds to the won s appreciation .
hirst , whose works regularly fetch millions of pounds , said he hoped the skull would not be snapped up by a private buyer and taken away from public view .
kelly skidmore said she is a roman catholic and goes to mass on sundays , but she believes the i believe plate is inappropriate for the government to produce .
engineer mark kelsey , years
three others were admitted to hospital in serious condition , he said .
officials confirmed the h n virus in the iksan poultry on saturday .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the latest in a series of foiled attacks on israel by palestinian youths .
a newborn in south florida named sanjae obama fisher born on election night
the civic group said it will file complaints against the board members of hyundai glovis and gwangju shinsegae department store on charges of condoning the unfair deals .
in all , emergency services treated people .
we love training with the rok battalions , it s good training it s realistic and it s tough and challenging .
about of those youngsters traveled to cape canaveral to witness the launch .
sleep deprivation increases chances of a crash because it decreases vigilance , phillips said .
the twister injured people , many of whom were hospitalized .
williams , whose career earnings rose to . million , qualified for the championships for the eighth time since .
at the end of the day , we decided we couldn t accommodate that request .
the bill has polarized society in the country , with conservative islamic groups who say tighter controls are needed pressing for its swift passage into law .
mark smith , at the white house .
the ruling is the result of incidents in a game against iran , in which north korean players confronted the referee over a call , while fans showered the field with bottles and chairs .
she had a foot birthday cake , and she had letters . . . from people all over the country , mcmeen said .
barcelona climb to second , level on points with villarreal , who produced the comeback of the season to defeat atletico madrid in a thriller .
the national tax service has started raids on overseas investment funds .
the official did not provide details about the writings , which first came to the attention of faculty in the english department , but said they were passed on to the department chairwoman and university administrators .
she graduated with a bachelor of arts in history in , then stayed an extra year to earn a journalism degree .
that action included , toys sold in the united states between may and august .
the south korean government , meanwhile , remained cautious over the accident to avoid stirring a diplomatic dispute with china .
around , demonstrators had joined the protests by gmt , including more than , in china , described by rwb as the world s biggest prison for cyber dissidents .
the pga tour event last week was won by a south korean , k . j . choi .
presidential pardon lists are being closely monitored in the final weeks of the bush administration , to see whether former vice presidential aide lewis scooter libby will be granted the presidential favor .
bergersen faces up to years in prison at his sentencing , set for july .
chief us negotiator christopher hill was hopeful for a resolution , but the south koreans and japanese have doubts .
don t believe everything you read .
officials are on the site and doing whatever they can for the situation , he said .
tiger woods survived a few anxious moments on the back nine to clinch his fourth u . s . pga championship and th major title with a two shot victory sunday .
toledo will meet president roh moo hyun shortly after his arrival , the blue house spokesman , kim man soo , said yesterday .
that s about a quarter of them .
the move also suspends work at a medical facility inside the camp , where iraqis came for treatment .
but the national press club of australia , which hosted the debate and provided channel nine s feed , denied that it was reacting to pressure from howard in imposing a ban on the worm graphic .
former president kim dae jung was hospitalized for pneumonia .
mcclintock says that if these new predators keep moving , they could wipe out other antarctic species . snails , brittle stars , sea spiders and some marine worms have evolved without armor and other protections they would need to survive alongside the king crab .
but it failed to produce a full declaration of all its nuclear activities by year end and as yet has not explained why .
and along with touch screens , voice recognition will make our interaction with computers much more natural .
that tape from kuov tv .
stocks are coming off their worst six day rout in years
the situation is compounding economic problems for china .
it is understood that he was the only nominee in a vote seen as a formality .
russian billionaire abramovich has slipped to third place behind manchester city s new owner sheikh mansour bin zayed al nahyan .
the residential area malibu crest and vacation area sierra retreat also were evacuated sunday , padilla said .
anybody who knew him would speak to his leadership , his generosity , his attitude .
australia has announced plans to ban incandescent light bulbs and replace them with what it believes is more energy efficient fluorescent bulbs .
south korean president roh moo hyun , in an address to his nation saturday called on the taliban to free the south korean , who he said were in afghanistan performing volunteer medical work in afghanistan .
in an interview with the british broadcasting corporation that aired on monday , the saudi king said britain failed to act on information provided by saudi security services ahead of the suicide bombings on london s transport network in july , that killed people and injured more than .
the national weather service said a foot of snow was possible in the mountains of northern new england , with the potential for inches in northern maine .
open only since may , heartland frequently has a hour wait at midnight .
rome , italy cnn luciano pavarotti s widow has sued two friends of the late tenor for million , claiming their comments about her marriage were defamatory , her lawyer said monday .
obama and clinton were in washington on wednesday to each address the influential american israel public affairs committee .
for example , you are the leader of a cross functional team that has to identify outmoded computers and give them to a local high school .
convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women concluded its two week th session , issuing dozens of recommendations for korea to better protect women from societal mistreatment .
many smokers , especially young trendsetters , have switched to french made gauloises , which they say are similar in taste and a dollar a pack cheaper .
analyst arjun murti said in a research note released monday that prices would ultimately force demand to fall sharply .
japan is the second country after the united states to implement such a system , said immigration bureau official takumi sato .
at t says it s cutting , .
she kind of struggled the last
world record holder asafa powell had a less inspiring day but still managed to win the men s meters , overcoming a poor start to win in . seconds .
coalition troops launched ground and air attacks in response , killing militants and wounding . they also detained three others , the statement said .
li said he was outraged by the sentence .
consumer product safety commission spokesperson julie vallese said the recalls stemmed from the improved examination of goods announced earlier .
after months of delay , russia began shipping nuclear fuel to bushehr in mid december and completed its second delivery on friday .
britain s royalty obsessed mass circulation newspapers are awash with speculation about why they separated , and many have focused on kate s mother a former airline stewardess .
deutsche bank has also denied any wrongdoing .
a year old girl who had been missing for nearly a year was found wednesday , locked in a small hidden room under a staircase in a west hartford , connecticut , home , police said .
the document would restore the powers of the prime minister that were stripped away when musharraf seized power in a coup , including the power to dissolve parliament and appoint military chiefs .
at the federal level , homeland security secretary janet napolitano says the us is moving with alacrity and efficiency to deal with the virus , a virus that is now affecting the marines .
crichton died unexpectedly tuesday after a courageous and private battle against cancer , the release said .
two liberal activists have been expelled from the party .
wednesday s message warned that more attacks will follow if denmark refuses to apologize for the cartoons .
you re probably going to stick with what worked in the first place , fowler said .
following mbc s on air apology , hwang s top lieutenant said no experiments or tests will be carried out to verify the authenticity of their patient specific stem cells .
the film opens with passages from the quran , interspersed with graphic images of the september , , terrorist attacks against the united states .
on august , al sadr called for a temporary suspension of mehdi army activity , including attacks on police and rival factions .
dr . jose sabili , president of the philippine medical association , said the group would conduct an investigation if a formal complaint was filed .
ex the weather forms the staple of their conversation .
applicants who fail the test will be allowed to re sit the examination .
japan has said it will resume bilateral talks with north korea on saturday .
montgomery wiped her eyes with a tissue as the jury announced its sentencing decision .
it s a symbol of dubai as a city of the world , said greg sang , the project director for emaar properties .
this is the same issue that s really sort of rippling through hollywood these days , which is new media and how the actors , writers , directors , even stage hands are gonna be compensated for these new tv shows and web specific productions .
we are not going to release anyone if it would endanger our national security .
on sunday she said obama supporters had misrepresented this as a slur on king .
that was peterson s attorney joel brodsky on the cbs early show .
you see a lot of different things that sometimes it s
each country will increase the number of participants in the program to , per year by , and , by , the leaders agreed .
but , he said , authorities did not find any further discussion of holloway s death or how she died .
the samples were in weapons inspectors files dating back to the s , but the substance is not believed to pose any immediate danger , the officials said .
the midfielder , who suffered an ankle injury on duty for england against estonia , played despite being in pain in yesterday s draw with real zaragoza .
authorities said the jfk scheme was an example of homegrown terrorism .
the movie version of john patrick shanley s tony award winning drama about sexual and religious power struggles at a bronx catholic school in , led the nominations for the th annual screen actors guild awards with five , including nods for each major member of its cast and an overall pick for outstanding performance by a cast .
haapala said everything suggested auvinen wanted the massacre to be as spectacular as possible , according to stt .
scott mclennan says the rover opportunity is headed for a rock deep inside the endurance crater and explained what they re looking for .
the defense ministry will look for volunteers among conscripts doing their mandatory military service and offer them one year extensions of their military service at wages competitive with civilian jobs , a senior defense official said sunday .
two small bombs have exploded outside a catholic cathedral and a cafe in the southern philippines , police said .
i will not discuss that out of respect to everyone concerned , francona said monday night . it s not something we can address .
does a brain in love look much like a sexually stimulated brain ?
they caught him red handed
he faces up to three years in prison .
bush plans to urge allies to press n . k . to return to nuclear weapon talks .
chinese army division prepares for a prolonged deployment along the chinese n . k . border .
zhang said that once police found the five babies in the backseat , they were immediately taken to a local hospital , where doctors said they were in good health and all about the same age .
although the new rules mean travelers can move freely without a passport , they can still be asked to carry documents by any of the countries concerned .
chun stressed the burden of supplying energy aid should be shared .
boeing says britain s virgin atlantic airways will buy of boeing s new carbon composite dreamliner jets in an order valued at about . billion at list prices .
well , we should find out shortly whether miss california usa will keep her crown
instead , the film concludes with pictures of personal effects said to belong to the missing soldiers , including credit cards , a cross and cash , cnn said .
the united states believes is the appropriate target year while south korea is sticking to the latest possible date of , citing concerns of a security vacuum .
it would be like picking her favorite sibling
every year , thousands of pilgrims amass in karbala for al arbaeen , which commemorates the end of a day mourning period for imam hussein , the grandson of the prophet mohammed .
we will preserve this partnership .
the giant keck telescope he is using , on the summit of hawaii s mauna kea volcano , is sending images straight to a digital camera , to be analyzed by a computer .
the defense ministry has concluded that a south korean army officer found shot dead at a base in iraq last month had committed suicide due to stress from his duties .
brancato admitted to breaking a window at the home , but said it was strictly because he was going through intense heroin withdrawal that night and he said he was trying to wake up his friend to get the drugs .
johannesburg , south africa sydney , australia
a new state poll suggests that sen . barack obama has doubled his lead over john mccain in colorado .
we started friday in a hotel lobby , with a member of hamas sitting at a table with the two of us . as is tradition in the arab world , we had a cup of coffee while talking with this man , one of my hamas contacts .
when my first daughter , sadie , was a few days old , we hadn t mastered breastfeeding , and i was sure i was starving her .
there are a couple of hurdles here , though .
we need the unity of the olympic movement to help us overcome the difficulties . our major responsibility is for offering good games to the athletes who deserve them , rogge said .
nasa has changed the launch date of its next space shuttle mission to the international space station to august , two days earlier than the previous target , agency officials said on thursday .
the company has asked for federal loan guarantees from the air transportation stabilization board , that they were getting negative reaction to their application .
five people were arrested in arson probes last week , and california gov . arnold schwarzenegger on saturday vowed to hunt down people responsible for setting wildfires .
such studies have led to the consensus that weight is about a matter of genes , which in turn has bolstered the idea that many of us must spend a lifetime in struggle against our heredity .
when yoo showed up for his swearing in on april , he was a cultural shock to many conservative lawmakers , especially those affiliated with the opposition grand national party , which controls the legislature .
pickton listened to the verdict with his head bowed .
a basra city council official said that the latest fighting erupted when security forces entered mehdi army strongholds , where militiamen were armed with machine guns , grenades , rockets and mortars .
they ll be pushed to the brink , said a . k . roy of the hazards centre sanchal foundation , a non governmental organization .
dangling from a tree trunk like a surreal oversized pear , the treetent is a cross between a treehouse and a tent .
although her doctors advised against public speaking , a frail thatcher attended reagan s funeral , saying in a pre recorded video that reagan was a great president , a great american , and a great man .
volcker to head board of economic experts
the world stem cell hub , an institute that will serve as a stem cell bank and global center for stem cell research , opened its doors in seoul .
the closure followed discovery of a lone case of mad cow disease in an alberta cow .
officials said pride campus would be separate physically but be attached administratively to the school for social justice .
the national aeronautics and space administration has dealt with the controversy for decades , without much fanfare , but roger launius , nasa s former chief historian , said the questioning intensified in after the fox television network aired conspiracy theory
the chicago tribune , citing unidentified sources , reported that cho may have been taking medication to combat depression and that his recent behavior was troubling , including setting a fire in a dorm and stalking women .
even with six months of training , three students failed to catch up to the three young chimps , matsuzawa said in an e mail .
we hope that this matter will now be closed and that our family will be left to grieve in peace , his widow gill woolmer said in a media statement in south africa , where the highly respected coach was cremated in may .
the eight were found guilty in , and the supreme court upheld the death sentences in april .
millions more will take long haul vans and buses .
ottawa , ohio cnn a british citizen who spent two decades on ohio s death row was released from jail monday after pleading no contest to three charges related to a fire that killed a year old girl .
theodore roosevelt s sons escorted their pet pony onto the white house elevator to cheer up a sick sibling .
early presidents were expected to pay their household expenses themselves , and many who came from the so called slave states simply brought their slaves with them .
the korea times reports south korea and the united states failed to narrow differences in agriculture , anti dumping measures and other key sectors during the third round of free trade talks that ended in seattle on sep .
campbell formerly was a journalist who had worked for a variety of media including the new york times , courttv . com and people magazine .
there had been speculation that the year old raul castro , would name one of cuba s younger generation of communist leaders as his number two .
earlier in the day , u . s . and south korean officials said that the private first class , whose name was not disclosed , allegedly raped a year old female at a seoul hotel on wednesday after meeting her through an internet site .
the world economic forum , an international think tank that groups leading policymakers and economists , is holding a two day meeting in seoul that ends today .
johannesburg , south africa cnn hordes of shoppers desperate to buy sugar amid severe shortages stampeded at a shopping complex in zimbabwe s second largest city , killing a year old boy and a security guard , state media reported thursday .
also , the new portrait pegs the age of the universe at . billion years old , with a small percent margin of error .
she is the first muslim woman to win the coveted award .
the prime minister does not face such a threat .
he said armed people dressed as soldiers in civilian vehicles should be treated as terrorists . u . s . and iraqi troops have been fighting insurgents in operation arrowhead ripper in and around baquba , the capital of diyala the eastern province northeast of baghdad .
a three way meeting with u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas will take place in jerusalem on february , olmert said during a speech tuesday .
the ministry of finance and economy said koreans will be able to invest as much as million in overseas real estate , up from the current ceiling of million .
the discovery of the temple reveals the sacred ceremonial nature of the killke , lumbreras said . previously we thought sacsayhuaman was simply a military fortification , but we now see it was a very complex ceremonial center .
the department of civil defense in chiapas state , which borders on guatemala , reported finding seven bodies between friday and saturday .
fowler and co author dr . nicholas christakis of harvard medical school charted friends , spouses and siblings in the network , and used their self reported happiness ratings from to .
karachi , pakistan cnn a man with suspected links to a suicide bombing that killed people at a rally last year for pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto was ordered freed from custody wednesday for lack of evidence , an investigator said .
south korea hopes a meeting of nuclear negotiators from seoul and washington in new york will give shape to what is ambiguously called a common and broad approach to resolving the north korean nuclear issue , a senior government official said on wednesday .
last year , hutchins and his christian youth group attended an acquire the fire rally in atlanta , georgia , he said .
his release and the inflammatory statements that he has made in support of extremism since he has been released have been deeply offensive , he told parliament .
what attracted you to the nanny diaries ?
i don t think we ll get , , iron maiden s manager rod smallwood told cnn , we re set for about , and we hope to go past that .
chanted members of the kosovo relief committee and the group stop terrorizing orthodox people , who marched with serbian flags and signs that read kosovo a threat , not a country .
south american dignitaries and government officials cheered after the leaders signed the accord on a glass topped table , backed by flags of their south american nations .
the drought reached its highest level in august , , when percent of the states were affected .
they go under chapter , they reorganize , they renegotiate the union management contracts , and come out of it a stronger , better , leaner and more competitive automotive industry .
the court said it had decided to allow the year old chung bail of billion won .
east timor s prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unharmed from an ambush of his motorcade the same day .
after kabila took over , militias backed by neighboring african countries began a war primarily aimed at taking control of congo s vast mineral resources , which are concentrated in the east of the country .
he said the armistice has successfully prevented unwanted combat and maintained peace between the two koreas .
in some of the worst hit areas the snow is more than three meters deep .
violence raged for a fourth straight day in baghdad s sadr city , leaving more iraqis dead on wednesday .
south korean presidential spokesman cheon ho sun said the deal had been reached on the condition that south korea withdraws troops by the end of the year and south korea suspends missionary work in afghanistan .
u . s . merchants will , however , continue to pay higher fees for internet transactions , which average approximately . percent vs .
ko san will become the first korean in space next year .
the president is getting the last of his ducks in a row , having the vice president swear in his attorney general this hour , then nominating a third republican to his cabinet .
protesters interrupted mccain s speech four times .
cosby said wednesday that wright s remarks have been largely taken out of context because the media has only aired snippets of the sermons , without the beginning or the end .
despite the record of more than million votes that were cast on that day , what really counts is the members of the electoral college who will lead in state capitals across the country and cast their votes today .
the title of the new indiana jones movie , directed by steven spielberg and starring harrison ford , has been revealed .
thousands faced a second night sleeping outside on the higher ground where they fled to escape a foot meter all of water .
true , they have to put up with lower wages , leering bosses , the pressure of bearing and raising children , and the isolation of being almost alone in a male world .
baseball s doormat since starting play in , the rays were a shot to win the world series before the season started .
the stunned bank teller , an avid coin collector , recognized the coins as being the same set that had been stolen from his house and called police , said saskia schneider , a police spokesman for the western german city of dortmund .
if the child has athletic ability , it should be nurtured in a proper way .
the korea times reports prosecutors summoned lee soon ja , wife of former president chun doo hwan , for questioning over his alleged secret funds on tuesday afternoon .
the number of korean credit delinquents has approached five million if the people defaulting on their telecom and department store bills are included , the korea herald says a set of reports revealed yesterday .
i am delighted to be staying in madrid , said reyes . it has been difficult working by myself and not being able to share a pre season with my colleagues .
women used to wear baggy hanbok dresses that hid their physical shape , and were told not to smile at men outside their families .
on thursday , it said the focus of any future talks should no longer be on the north alone , but on regional disarmament by all parties involved .
chun and roh , who took power consecutively after the military coup , will be stripped of nine and orders of merit respectively , and will lose a monthly pension of , won , medical benefits and the right to be buried in the national cemetery .
in response , cheon ho seon , presidential spokesman , said roh will accept the special prosecutor bill as planned , saying
the rebels also said the government killed an infant and a year old girl when warplanes bombed the area the same day .
the three other defendants were handed suspended six month prison sentences .
japan s nikkei average was up . percent by the end of morning trade , on track for its biggest daily percentage rise since march , and recovering from its biggest one day fall in nearly six years friday .
weber said declaring the area a disaster zone would speed the arrival of aid .
but it doesn t mean that they relate to hitler or frankenstein .
there are almost . billion in unclaimed tax refunds from , and you may still be able to get some of that money .
the resolution calls for an international inquiry into the people behind the killing , the state run associated press of pakistan said .
it was not clear immediately when a vote on the resolution could take place .
the official xinhua news agency said the journalist , zi beijia , was convicted after an open court hearing of infringing the reputation of commodities . he was also fined , yuan .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
chelsea now have points , one more than the gunners , who rallied from down to halt a five match winless streak and beat bolton on saturday .
it was described as a heck of a firefight from the commanding officer on scene , but he s very proud of how the crews reacted and the outcome of this incident .
jiao meiyan , director general of china s national meteorological center , predicted fairly good weather in most of south china through the end of
after spending the night at the hotel marija , a former palace with rooms that face the mountains , leslie and i hike to the th century fortress of st . ivan .
south korean electronics giant samsung has agreed to plead guilty to involvement in price fixing in the us and to pay a m fine .
cnn is also updating its poll of polls of the national general election , thanks to the new cnn orc survey , plus the release of other new surveys monday morning .
in hussein s hometown of tikrit , hundreds of people and school children visited his burial site to pay homage and lay flowers .
the move is part of a wider recall of , by the consumer product safety commission cpsc .
he described the situation as very disturbing .
a separate row has been raging over gay bishops , nearly three years after the americans sparked fury from african churches and other traditionalists by ordaining the first openly gay bishop , gene robinson .
one cold war was quite enough .
about , of ching luh s , employees reported to work wednesday morning after the labor union and management of the taiwanese owned plant reached an agreement to increase monthly wages by , dong amid record high inflation , said labor union head pham thi lap .
tokyo , japan cnn pirates released a japanese tanker and its crew members off the somali coast wednesday and all the crew are unharmed , a u . s . navy spokesman said .
constant butler understands she lost her production job in chicago a while ago
zimbabwe s embattled president robert mugabe thinks there is a conspiracy against him .
it s the first time blasts have rocked the capital since former maoist rebels signed a peace accord last year .
the giant panda is one of the world s most endangered species and is found only in china .
it says he made the comment in a telephone interview with the philadelphia public radio station monday night .
hill said he had no information on north korea s near term military plans .
ahead of the announcement of the results by central election commission chairman kuandyk turgankulov , the ansdp said it had gathered photographic evidence of a range of violations including multiple voting and campaign literature for nur otan in polling stations .
in a . d the slavic prince volodymyr marched his servants into the dnieper to be baptized and eventually converted the whole region to christianity .
the ump has been widely expected to win since sarkozy s strong victory over socialist segolene royal in the presidential election last month .
cleveland , ohio true roundball royalty , the san antonio spurs are once again wearing the crown .
we are hoping to seize material evidence to prove the whereabouts of kim and his son on march when the alleged assaults took place , an official at namdaemun police station said yesterday .
they additionally alleged that they had unexplained deductions from their pay , that they worked without a written contract , and that native thais and migrant workers were segregated by the use of colorcoded uniforms .
the fallout from zimbabwe s stalled election has brought international criticism , with frazer taking the most emphatic stance .
if we don t get food people will die in this place , francis aruo , , told the associated press in eastern uganda , one of the hardest hit regions of africa . all our crops are rotten .
the past decade was the lost years , lost under an inept government , he said , blatently criticizing former president kim dae jung and his successor roh moo hyun .
south korea and the united states have in principle agreed to exclude rice from their free trade agreement negotiations , the korea times quotes an official of the ministry of foreign affairs as saying .
a space odyssey and raised the idea of communications satellites in the s , has died at age , an associate said .
chavez called venezuela s electoral system one of the most transparent in the world , and said its voting machines are among the most modern of the world .
president barack obama is taking it to the marines this morning , going to a base in north carolina to announce that most american forces will be out of iraq after two more summers in the unforgiving desert .
the harsh chemotherapy left him unable to have children , although he and then wife kristin richards had three children using sperm the cyclist had donated before the treatment .
the gate was closed to the public for nearly a century before being reopened in after a renovation , according to ap .
addressing the u . n . general assembly , win defended what he called the government s seven step road map to draft a new constitution and hold elections .
sharks attacked three surfers off florida s upper east coast , a few miles from where three men were bitten the previous day .
her husband who was the us president died in .
zahir shah ruled afghanistan for forty years and is still considered influential with many afghans .
the second car crash patient survived that chopper crash .
philibeaux s investigation turned up a letter in which chirac requested a raise for a secretary who was paid by city hall but who actually worked at party headquarters .
japan s tourism ministry on monday named hello kitty as its choice to represent the country in china and hong kong , two places where she is wildly popular among kids and young women .
according to the gnp , kim , who has been detained in a prison in la for embezzlement and stock manipulation charges , recently dropped his appeal in which he had applied for protection not to be repatriated to korea .
east timor s presidential elections appeared headed toward a runoff , raising fears of prolonged instability in a young nation that nearly descended into civil war a year ago .
a hong kong journalists association petition with more than , names has appealed for his release , according to reporters without borders .
that point lead is double the point lead obama held in the last cnn opinion research corporation poll , taken in mid september . monday evening s cnn national poll of polls
politicians in iraq have been struggling to form a government for five weeks , following elections at the end of january .
he gives me a machine gun and a rifle .
gambari , under secretary general for political affairs , has asked to be allowed to see aung san suu kyi , the nobel prize winner under house arrest .
later in the morning , hamas gunmen surrounded the home of fatah spokesman maher mekdad .
percent of the city was destroyed and aftershocks continue .
we can report that things are still improving , said flight director holly ridings .
the value of all goods and services produced in the u . s .
p . m . et sunday . the second bomb exploded as authorities and people in the area responded to the first attack .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the state backed kribb spent . billion won to build the facility on a , pyong , square meters area .
the rental car mireles was driving was found abandoned tuesday in vernon , texas , where he has relatives .
italy s danilo napolitano spoilt alessandro petacchi s hopes of winning stage nine of the giro d italia in his home town on monday .
the good news is eye fi cards allow your camera to automatically send pictures directly to the internet or your computer via wi fi .
that is amplifying china s energy problems .
it s a piece of sh victory , and ours they can call it a defeat , but it was courageous , full of valor , full of dignity , he said at the miraflores presidential palace with his top military commanders .
and then i want to try to win the champions league again next year . it d be fantastic .
the race was pretty much dead even until the financial collapse .
the north has demanded that a peace agreement with the united states precede a north south korean treaty .
korea s two leading presidential contenders of the major opposition grand national party gnp have reached a no win situation as they are both targeted by an investigation by the prosecution .
according to the latest document , china has increased by about , the number of ground troops deployed in the area .
bush didn t mention korea as a key ally .
a ministry official described the flights as standard operating procedure for air force training .
security expert janice kephart , who worked on the commission report , says little has changed when it comes to passport security
police said a gunman opened fire outside the new life church in colorado springs after sunday services and that three to five people had been taken to local hospitals .
the woman , who is jailed on suspicion of illegally accessing a computer and manipulating electronic data , used his identification and password to log onto popular interactive game maple story to carry out the virtual murder in mid may , a police official in northern sapporo said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy .
purses will total around million , about . million down from . the tour announced . million in purses on wednesday
syria , which the u . s . state department calls a sponsor of terrorism , announced sunday it would send deputy foreign minister faisal al miqdad , rather than its foreign minister , to tuesday s conference , according to syria s state run news agency sana .
but his lawyer robert englehart informed the court on thursday that jackson s doctors had cleared him to travel in two days time .
british athletes selected for this year s olympic games in beijing will be asked to sign a contract that forbids them from criticizing china s human rights record .
asia and other parts of the world need to act now to avert a growing risk of severe environmental damage and profound social unrest , the world bank says a global population of nine billion , six billion of them living in cities , will put enormous demands on energy , water , housing and education according to the report .
if thompson really wants to get more organs available for transplant he must make sure that the rich and the poor have the same chance to get a transplant .
but on friday police in portugal named the couple suspects after finding madeleine s blood in a car the family rented days after reporting her disappearance , a family spokeswoman said .
if obama wants to stress that theme again on january , he may prefer to follow bill clinton s lead from the inaugural and open the bible to isaiah
they are also lighter in color .
the north insisted the issue be dealt with as part of nuclear talks which saw a breakthrough on february .
wyman s film career spanned from the s , including gold diggers of , to s how to commit marriage , co starring bob hope and jackie gleason .
the other two premier league sides have both been handed trips to second tier opposition , with middlesbrough traveling to manchester city s conquerors sheffield united and portsmouth visiting preston , who hammered derby in the fourth round .
los angeles police arrested a year old loyola marymount university student in connection with an online threat to shoot people on campus , officials said saturday .
friday s meeting will be the first between nationalist and communist leaders since the defeated nationalists fled to taiwan in . lien is on a historic eight day , four city visit to the mainland .
a deluxe edition of the new book , which has a first printing of , , will be printed on paper that contains percent post consumer waste fiber .
today , more than . billion people inhabit the globe , according to the u . s . census bureau .
he survived less than a year in the wild after nearly three years of training in survival techniques and defense tactics .
they will split the . million prize .
the pope spoke of an appropriate ecology of man , the catholic bishops conference of england and wales said .
south korean officials are condemning the beheading of a south korean hostage by iraqi militants .
he s an analyst with ihs global insight
sarkozy and his wife , the former supermodel carla bruni sarkozy , were greeted by the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall after the presidential plane landed at london s heathrow airport wednesday morning .
he urged governments to agree stricter targets for emissions reductions at an international meeting next year in the danish capital , copenhagen .
residents hid indoors and crouched on the floors of shops as young men ran past in nairobi s mathare slum .
the mail on sunday newspaper chewed on the details of the break up , claiming the year old prince had told his girlfriend the relationship had reached its natural conclusion .
the u . s . military said the khazali network is directly connected to the january killings in karbala , the shiite holy city south of baghdad .
george w . bush won the primary here and went on to win the nomination and white house .
, a a . m . departure from pusan for seoul , promptly left the pusan station , making korea the fifth nation in the world to have a high speed railroad system , following france , germany , japan and spain .
we packed for a week because after the hurricane there is always flooding and we can t go back to our houses , she told reuters .
under the agreement , north korea will shut down its yongbyon reactor and allow the iaea back into the country to monitor the process .
obama remembered her as one of those quiet heroes we have across america , who aren t famous . . . but each and every day they work hard . they look after their families . they look after their children and their grandchildren .
all other things being equal , i expect to meet most current and , as far as possible , future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers , he continues .
he added that there was no time frame for making a decision .
the minor democratic labor party plans to propose a parliamentary resolution for the pullout within this year .
the kyongbu will run from seoul to pusan , and the honam will travel from seoul to mokpo .
in some regions , flood related illnesses tied to insufficient hygiene have begun to break out , especially among children .
those measures include a percent tax break for corporate investment in energy conserving technologies and a so called cash back plan , in which the government offers , won to every household that reduces spending on electricity by percent during the summer months .
online pornography was defined in the study as images of naked people or people having sex .
rice also said the united states expected north korea to provide a comprehensive declaration of its nuclear
in the latest case , the boy , said to be a local high school student , reportedly told police he killed his mother with a knife during the night as she slept , and had acted alone .
she will follow a flight path similar to the one amelia earhart took when she became the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic in .
six of the world s biggest polluters are meeting in sydney , trying to find common ground to cut global warming and pollution .
if you truly did hate your last boss , i would be prepared to articulate why your last organization and relationship was not right for you , says greg moran , director of industry sales and partnerships for talent technology corp . then be prepared to explain what type of organization is right for you and what type of management style you best respond to .
secretary of defense donald h . rumsfeld to seoul for the annual security consultative meeting last november . since then , seoul government has been working on follow up measures , according to ministry officials .
in much rarer instances , boulders one kilometer or greater in size have smacked into the planet and snuffed out most life forms , much like the km long monster thought to have forced dinosaurs to exit stage left about million years ago , according to scientists .
burma s foreign minister nyan win has blamed political opportunists for trying to turn protests by a small group of activists into a showdown .
fish , skinless chicken , or small amounts of cheese can also help boost the protein content of salads .
one of asia s most notorious warlords , khun sa , has died in the burmese city of rangoon .
murray said work on the sixth hole , which will go down into the area where the miners were known to be working when the mine collapsed august , should be completed by saturday .
but no matter the variation , most experts agree that massage is a good thing .
salafi is an extreme school of islamic thought which developed in egypt and began to have prominence with militant groups there in the late s and has since been adopted by terrorist groups in north africa , the middle east , and europe , said sajjan gohel , director of international security at the asia pacific foundation in london .
stone noted that bush has earned a historically low approval rating
in the case of pasta , italians will soon be paying up to percent more for their daily serving of fettuccine , linguine or spaghetti .
the former deputy prime minister was jailed in on corruption charges he has said were politically motivated .
we are paying a very heavy price for the mismanagement that s the kindest word i can give you of donald rumsfeld , of this war , the arizona senator said .
what did him in so quickly is that o neal failed to develop supporters who would defend him and fight hard at the board or executive level , said richard x . bove , an analyst with punk , ziegel co . one of the reasons is that he fired , people , some of which were his supporters , and that made him vulnerable .
on sunday , a spokeswoman for paterson suggested the skit was offensive to all people with physical disabilities .
the three man capsule s scheduled to return to earth tomorrow .
bush spoke by telephone with south korean president roh moo hyun on april and agreed to cooperate closely in seeking a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff .
her captor threw himself in front of a commuter train , hours after she fled while he was distracted with a cellphone call .
while te kanawa had reservations about the underwear , the judge found that they were not the main reason she pulled out .
the decision to end dolly s life at age about half the life expectancy of her breed was made because she had a progressive lung disease .
schumer said he sent gonzales a list of questions last week for him to answer tuesday and the attorney general did not answer one of them in his prepared opening statement .
gm has warned it will run out of the money it needs to operate later this month unless it gets assistance from the government .
they are the parents of six children
even in the united states this is a dubious assumption .
hip hop mogul and janet jackson s boyfriend jermaine dupri ordered bottles of patron tequila for the crowd .
he thanked king abdullah for the pardon , saying this fatherly care and noble gesture will help in lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring .
the decision follows the admission by jones last year that she was doping at the time of the sydney olympic games .
the country s tourism ministry recently announced that at least hotels will be built in the capital , havana , between and .
the researchers said these children also had a greater risk of poor social development and poor motor control .
he s going to take it soccer to another level .
the satellite will have the ability to cover the caribbean , central america and parts of south america , the agency said .
satellite surveillance photos indicate that a , man chinese army division is making preparations for a prolonged deployment along the chinese north korean border , sources in washington said .
the u . n . security council imposed sanctions on iran in december for its failure to halt uranium enrichment activities .
the trial had been running for days and had cost taxpayers an estimated us , .
we have closed in the last week .
police declined to comment on the report , china daily said .
rumsfeld also reaffirmed in a letter to defense minister yoon kwang ung in mid august that washington wants to transfer operational control over south korean troops to the south korean military by when the relocation of u . s . bases is completed .
he said his mother s death had made him more resilient .
the practice did not end until the s .
washington has previously demanded that north korea give up its nuclear ambitions before talks .
a second blast in the kurdish city of sulaymaniyah wounded two people travelling in the convoy of a senior kurdish politician .
a total of candidates ran , representing nine parties with independents .
the player s life was saved thanks to the rapid intervention of the club doctors and the red cross because he had a number of cardiac arrests .
all aboard reported safe
more job cuts announced this morning , but stocks opened higher on wall street .
over of the people that are homeless are employed .
the admission could also cost her the five medals she won at the olympic games in sydney three of them gold .
cnn like most stories that end up with a man mowing his friend s lawn in a dress , it started out innocently enough .
kanda , and kitcho , in the hotel seiyo ginza , have mastered that art and offer kaiseki masterpieces at suitably elevated prices .
in britain , the problem mostly involves first generation immigrants from africa and the middle east .
teddy s father told a different story .
why didn t they ask the question weeks ago before they gave them billion dollars ?
you feel the expectations and pressure , so i m very happy with the way i dealt with the pressure , djokovic said .
how is a lego artist different from a lego hobbyist ?
what is it that went wrong ?
the payment was announced minutes before the taliban threatened to kill the hostages by the deadline of p . m .
former democratic presidential candidate john edwards will endorse sen . barack obama at a wednesday evening rally in michigan , obama s campaign said .
we are in the initial stages of cross referencing our membership against a registered sex offender database and removing any confirmed matches , hemanshu nigam , myspace s chief security officer , said in a statement .
he is connected by audio and video link to a telescope operator who points and clicks at his command .
two more homes have been burned in coatesville , pennsylvania .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld remembers the million selling author of jurassic park , who passed in los angeles at .
north korea had million in the bank , and tam would not say how much of the money was transferred .
it said a train traveling from the eastern city of santiago to the coastal city of manzanillo collided with a bus traveling from bayamo to the coastal community of campechuela .
the astronaut will work aboard the international space station for about a week with two russian cosmonauts , conducting scientific experiments .
rain has destroyed more than , houses and damaged thousands of hectares of crops .
masondo did not explicitly mention south africa s hiv aids crisis , which infects about one in nine of the country s adults , but analysts say the epidemic is directly to blame for rising mortality rates in the country .
however , at the moment of impact , the disciple s bicycle was suddenly dragged backwards by a mysterious force for almost two feet .
it s all tom waits covers ?
researchers will visit michigan s upper peninsula next month to search for evidence of the legendary creature known as bigfoot or sasquatch .
owners of multiple homes will shoulder the burden as they will have to pay far higher taxes from this year , with the tax burden further increasing sharply in coming years .
in his recent book loneliness , with co author william patrick , cacioppo defines loneliness in terms of the need for social connection and notes that a person can feel lonely even in a large crowd .
the envoys said the narrow minded visa policy prevents koreans from developing english proficiency in a more efficient and cheaper way .
it s below in duluth , minnesota right now , but up to above on the other side of the cold front , in minot , north dakota . some say this guy should never have to pay for his own drinks again
one of them required surgery , and two others were still in the hospital monday , mccracken said .
others said they had fixed broken crowns using glue to avoid costly dental work .
the royal navy argued that it was done to make sure the service had sight of what they were going to say .
rita foley , washington .
mccain calls security and the war on terror the transcendent issue , she added .
some progress was made
the man walked into a vienna police station in the early hours of wednesday morning and told authorities he had killed his wife and seven year old daughter early tuesday , police spokesman michael braunsperger said .
china and the us two of the world s biggest polluters were among the nations that signed the statement of aspirational goal to restrain the rise of greenhouse gas emissions .
gonul and gates met in kiev , ukraine . gates said a major cross border operation would be contrary to turkey s interests as well as to our own and that of iraq .
the choice could prove controversial most other anglican churches around the world do not allow women to be bishops .
he also spoke on condition of anonymity in accordance with palace policy .
but it quickly emerged that the girl in the photograph pdf was believed by villagers to be year old bushra binhisa , the daughter of an olive farmer .
the princess royal s daughter , zara phillips , is hoping to represent britain in equestrian at the event this year .
the white house laid on special touches , too , at president bush s first ever white tie state dinner to honor america s closest ally and make the queen feel welcome .
the bulk of his speech was devoted to the future of the nato alliance , and the need to work together to defend the trans atlantic community against any security threats .
chery , founded in , is china s biggest and fastest growing automaker , with output last year of , vehicles .
ben ainslie named world sailor of the year
after christmas shoppers are finding bargains , says the nation s retailers are , feeling the blues .
that s john huffman , he s the manager of a coffee house .
feinstein said she called clinton two days ago but hasn t yet heard back from the new york senator .
picketing took place again saturday in front of theaters before what would have been matinee performances .
many of them have taken up arms and have launched a violent maoist rebellion , the group said .
the u . s . private equity house s legal battle in south korea over its . billion purchase of keb in has delayed the bank s sale .
through a rollercoaster of emotion , said the sons statement , released through cleveland police , the force investigating the case .
the pair were taken from the event in restraints after revealing t shirts with bush s name crossed out on the front and the words love america , hate bush on the back .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan said that north korea needs to end its nuclear weapons program .
despite u . s . refusal , korea s ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in a statement it will continue to press the u . s . side .
he said the caller told him to keep quiet , saying , we know who you are , we know where you are , and we know where you live .
restaurants are everywhere , but couples flock to the west village s one if by land , two if by sea considered one of the best places in the city to pop the question .
a year after the sinking , the european union agreed on tighter controls on maritime safety , notably the phasing out of single hull tankers like erika .
the grass valley fire , and the slide fire , each covering about acres with no containment .
huntington , utah cnn the utah coal mine where six miners have been trapped for more than two weeks will be closed if one last rescue attempt fails to find signs they are alive , the site s co owner said wednesday .
relations between musharraf and karzai have been chilly for some time , as afghan officials have accused pakistan of allowing taliban and al qaeda fighters to regroup and carve out a new safe haven along pakistan s largely lawless northwestern frontier .
the american filmmaker is jumping at a chance to meet with a group the u . s . classifies as a terrorist organization .
however , my leadership has been questioned so intensely that i cannot begin the essential process of reflection that the party needs , he said .
grindhouse , a three hour reinvention of the down and dirty b movie double features tarantino and rodriguez grew up watching , debuted at no . with . million .
the fatalities include people from both homes a mother and her month old son in one home and a year old girl in the other , said cleo cohen , sanford police spokeswoman .
gazprom said sunday the ukrainian company had racked up a debt of million in , and accused it of siphoning off nearly percent of the natural gas gazprom had shipped in a hour period ending sunday .
president vladimir putin said his death was deserved retribution for rebel attacks , including the deaths of more than during a school siege .
despite an israeli official s assessment that the military operation may be in its final days , israeli warplanes continued to bombard gaza overnight and into the day monday .
in response , republican national committee spokesman alex conant accused clinton of not listening to petraeus and crocker .
what this conversion allows me to do is get energy through an electric wall outlet , so the wall outlet is like my electric gas tank , she said .
although many observers suggested that the change would not put much of a dent into korea s soaring foreign exchange reserves , which hit . billion last month , the change also suggests how long financial barriers that are vestiges of korea s cash short economy of the s and s have lingered .
the groundbreaking ceremony on june monday for a joint industrial park near the inter korean border revealed a country at odds with itself , a totalitarian regime striving to rebuild its shattered economy with outside help while keeping up its harsh tone on its suspected nuclear weapons program .
in the deal being discussed , north korea would finish disabling its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile , the officials said .
on th street near fifth avenue , bulldozers clear a vacant lot for an upscale hotel .
the official scrabble web site says that more than million sets of the game have been sold in different languages in countries worldwide since its launch in .
gates and billionaire u . s . investor warren buffett , who was the second richest person in the world until slim overtook him this year , have been giving more of their money to charity in recent years .
tuesday s attack appeared to involve a more trivial matter .
hatshepsut , who ruled egypt in the th century b . c . , was known for dressing like a man and wearing a false beard .
but despite the setback , the man in charge of the scheme says the research should continue .
i ve lost everything , martha amongin , , told the associated press in magoro , a town in eastern uganda that is surrounded by floodwater and has become inaccessible by road . life is going to be bad .
this means it needs the cooperation of winners from other conservative parties and independents to pass crucial reform bills .
the current iraqi government is now dominated by shiite and kurdish politicians and has close ties to iran , which fought a bloody eight year war with iraq under hussein .
men are five to six times more likely to have a heart attack than women right up to the age of menopause .
closer scrutiny also revealed another sketch showing the infant jesus with a lamb .
nbc released a statement thursday defending its decision , saying it took careful consideration in determining how the information should be distributed .
even at per laptop , government officials in places like brazil or cambodia are understandably wary of spending scarce funds on an unproven technology .
the ap s mark smith is in nashville .
haven t mentioned oil prices so far today they re still down around a barrel .
pointing to the high death toll for us troops in iraq last month , reid said it was time for iraq to take responsibility for its future .
the fbi issued a terrorism alert for authorities to be on the lookout for a man from yemen or saudi arabia and more than a dozen of his associates on u . s . interests in the united states or yemen .
opposition leader benazir bhutto , meanwhile , flew to the united arab emirates to visit family two weeks after assassins tried to kill her when she returned from self exile to lead her party in parliamentary elections .
earlier friday , authorities said they had detained people for questioning in the suicide attack , which killed a sunni lawmaker and wounded other people in the parliament s cafeteria .
illinois sen . barack obama will win sunday s democratic caucuses in maine , sweeping the weekend s presidential contests , cnn projects .
luxor , egypt cnn the linen wrapped mummy of king tut was put on public display for the first time on sunday years after the , year old boy pharaoh s golden enshrined tomb and mummy were discovered in luxor s famed valley of the kings .
on wednesday , antonio lopes borges and ana simao told of seeing a black mercedes race away from a traffic light , pursued by other vehicles , and of seeing the same mercedes minutes later , crumpled by a collision with a pillar in the tunnel .
they captured each one on audio and video equipment .
having avoided military entanglements in the region , they may curry more favor with the iraqi people .
in past years , that figure has jumped to more than percent .
this messy and chaotic region includes at least a dozen brilliant stars estimated to be perhaps to times the mass of the sun , astronomers said .
still looking for full match fitness after a long term knee injury suffered at last year s world cup and scored his first england goal since a friendly win over jamaica in june .
this will launch the submersibles to scoop samples from the seabed for research .
i feel perfectly fine , castro was quoted as saying .
angry messages were posted on the ministry s web site over the weekend , accusing officials there of failing to defend the troops from violence prone demonstrators .
it says beijing has retained its focus on taiwan but increased spending on aircraft , ships and missiles means it could project power further afield .
on wednesday , rescuers finished boring a fifth hole into the underground space where the men were last believed to have been located , and a sixth hole will be started soon , murray said .
many of them children
jerusalem cnn the israeli security cabinet declared hamas controlled gaza a hostile entity wednesday in response to continued palestinian rocket attacks .
daniel hoevels , , collapsed on stage at vienna s burgtheater last weekend with blood pouring from his neck after cutting his throat with what was supposed to be a blunt knife , media reports said thursday .
south korean troops take over patrol duties at the jsa in dmz .
a consumer advocacy group called on the food and drug administration tuesday to ban the use of eight artificial colorings in food because they have been linked to hyperactivity and behavior problems in children .
the executions came on the same day that two suicide car bombers targeted a police station in western baghdad , killing .
kim chee won was among them .
after infancy , the tween and teen years are the period of most rapid change .
bush said they also discussed economic issues .
the telephone poll of , adult americans was conducted between june and , , and has a sampling error of plus or minus percentage points .
victory over liverpool at the olympic stadium would not only avenge their defeat to the english club in the final but also bring their season to a glorious finale after such a tainted start .
one showed the prophet muhammad , whose depiction is banned in islam , as a terrorist bomber .
grand national party gnp leaders sunday dismissed the rumor that kim kyung joon has a written contract purporting to show that its presidential nominee lee myung bak is a legitimate owner of the scandal ridden bbk and lke bank .
it s kind of like wow .
after dropping serve at , she broke ditty for the sixth time to set up a meeting with the top seeded jankovic , who reached the quarterfinals of the u . s . open .
rodriguez was hurt monday night when he tripped over the ankle of minnesota first baseman justin morneau while hustling to beat a potential double play .
the couple married at scotland s skibo castle eight years ago .
it was the lowest level for june in decades and a huge drop from the year earlier rate of . million vehicles .
chae confessed to starting the fire , saying he was upset by a land grievance that led him to start the fire and by the sentence he was handed in that case , kim said .
a u . s . embassy spokesman said officials are actively pursuing jamal jafaar mohammed s case with their iraqi counterparts .
thea sharrock directs .
he said washington s intimidating behavior is different from the spirit that existed after the end of the cold war . europe is not a guinea pig , he said .
the rapid reduction of sharks is disrupting the ocean s equilibrium , according to peter knights , director of wildaid international .
but i believe my father would take it on the chin whatever they say about him .
goldberg s advice just state the facts , and let the doctor do the interpreting .
to christians who claim to support biblical marriage , she asks
their progress was stymied by a combination of real and fake roadside bombs . watch what it s like in the middle of a battle
i think people will feel that we followed through on our commitment to make sure that this is not only an administration that is diverse ethnically , but it s also diverse politically and it s diverse in terms of people s life experience , obama said december .
france captain patrick vieira is also out through injury but he told reporters on monday that he was delighted by trezeguet s return . i am very happy for trezeguet , vieira said .
that s a bad habit of mine , obama said in the message . i do it sometimes with all kinds of people .
warner brothers move to exclusively release in the blu ray disc format is a strategic decision focused on the long term and the most direct way to give consumers what they want , barry meyer , chairman and ceo of warner brothers , said in a written statement .
that means that patients who have shigella , which is not usually a fatal disease , might be mixed with ebola patients , putting them at risk at catching the highly fatal fever .
tancredo , a colorado republican , is a fierce proponent of stricter illegal immigration laws , but his campaign struggled to gain traction with republican primary voters , despite many naming illegal immigration as a top concern .
palin says she d be honored to help obama
the country s official news agency says that more than chinese cities are suffering from a severe water shortage due to a lack of resources , water pollution and a deterioration of the environment .
i actually think it would send the kind of signal that i think the president elect intends , or spoke about in his campaign , and that is that we need to work together . we need to work as americans , scowcroft said .
the golden nori is carrying crew from the philippines , south korea and myanmar .
chrysler is the third of the big three automakers to suspend operations for january .
political rivals of the government criticized the magnitude of the raid and the advance alert for the media .
but over the weekend , herman rosenblat issued a statement through his literary agent , andrea hurst , acknowledging the story of how he met his wife was made up .
opening statements underway now on the trial of five men accused of plotting to kill soldiers of the army s fort dix .
the parade and memorial service took place on the same day britain s ministry of defense announced the deaths of four british soldiers in afghanistan , and two days after browne announced britain will increase its presence in afghanistan from , troops to , by next spring .
but there also were stars like wild haired , pudgy janis joplin and barbra streisand , who challenged beauty standards with her protruding nose .
honored by the united nations as one of its global conservationists in , he was also awarded numerous honorary doctorates from universities in several parts of the world .
asked if obama would scale up the package , given the economic conditions , obama s incoming senior adviser , david axelrod , said he thinks obama is going to do what s necessary .
karima , clad in all black , adds , my husband died of lung cancer nine months ago and left me with nothing .
he said a more dynamic seoul washington alliance was necessary to promote peace and stability on the korean peninsula and to help improve the u . s .
answering a lawmaker s question on whether washington would lift its financial sanctions on north korea when the talks are resumed , yu said he expects the u . s . investigation into the north s alleged illicit activities such as money laundering at macau s banco delta asia will come to an end sooner or later .
canada s prime minister , paul martin , faces a no confidence motion in parliament which his minority liberal government is widely tipped to lose .
although the law was struck down by a federal appeals court this spring , that decision has been appealed , and it may become law in or later .
but it also said iraqi security forces were still not capable of operating without support from american forces , and divisions between sunnis and shias continued to drive political instability .
it s the first time in tens of millions of years that these predators have appeared that close to antarctica .
also next week , european currency officials are to meet separately with chinese officials to seek an easing of controls on china s currency , the yuan .
spears , , also must continue meeting with a court appointed parenting coach , and the youngsters must be in car seats when they are being driven , the ruling states .
the capital appeared calm on monday , although residents said that overnight two soldiers described as drunk fired shots while stopping traffic .
denmark s center right prime minister declared victory in tuesday s election after near complete returns showed his governing coalition defeated the left wing opposition .
he er personal robot won t make coffee , pick up the newspaper , vacuum the floors or even walk the dog .
but skeptics have challenged accounts of sightings , and practical jokers have staged hoaxes that have included grainy film footage of people dressed in costumes .
the korea national railroad on tuesday held a ceremony marking the opening of the new high speed bullet train service .
in addition , percent of respondents to the current poll said they believe homosexuality results from upbringing and environment , while percent said they believe it is something a person is born with a close division that reflects the national debate over the issue .
governor mark sanford has declared a state of emergency in horry county , south carolina .
acting police chief howard jordan says a tip led the swat team to an apartment where the suspect was hiding
phil blissitt said he became irritated when he learned that some thought the photo of fred was doctored .
the gossip web site perezhilton . com has said it received text messages from winehouse denying fielder civil was responsible for her injuries .
the release said the planes were in the area between p . m . and p . m . , about the time many people reported seeing the lights , according to reporting at the time .
outfitted with point safety harnesses , padded seats , cup holders , foot brakes and fold out storage containers , the sleek , curved cloud has every family covered for a ride through the park .
shouting city authorities had barred the protests , calling them morally wrong .
british prime minister tony blair
after the bombing , bhutto had been largely confined to her residence in karachi , but she has vowed to press on with her campaign for parliamentary elections , slated for january , and not be intimidated by the attempt on her life .
the surprising development is the first of its kind since nasa and other u . s . agencies began monitoring the ozone hole , a seasonal vortex high in the atmosphere , more than two decades ago .
more than two feet has fallen in other parts of washington state , and portland , oregon , is getting pounded as well .
cnn the commander of nato forces in kosovo said wednesday he does not plan to step up security in the tense north despite violent attacks by kosovo serb which forced the temporary closure of two boundary crossings between kosovo and serbia .
looks a little like mac os , but ballmer indicates he s not obsessing about apple
when he calls on president roh , the blue house spokesman said , the main topic of conversation will be regional issues , particularly north korean nuclear disarmament .
whether they succeed or not , a remarkable thing often happens
the musical , featuring all of their favorite characters from the popular film and dined like royalty at dinner where the waiters not only knew their names but also performed magic tricks and were happy to get them anything they liked at no extra charge a side of salmon with your chicken fingers . . . no problem !
moreno commanded rebel troops in northwestern colombia , the government said .
high on japan s list of priorities is the return of its citizens that the north has admitted abducting .
the change is in response to airline complaints that the current system taxes their finances too heavily .
wetang ula said annan would serve as a facilitator to dialogue and not as a mediator .
viagen declined to comment for this story but experts say this would be one of the first fighting bulls ever cloned .
people searched for missing relatives amid the wreckage of a church that collapsed wednesday night as services were being held .
president roh moo hyun said the controversial national security law should be abolished in a bid to promote human rights and enhance the nation s image as a democratic society .
the failure occurred at p . m . and knocked out power to customers north of miami on both the atlantic and gulf coasts , state and local authorities and utility officials said .
that could be enough to refine uranium for one bomb within a year , if iran wanted to and if the machines ran for long periods without breakdown a proficiency iran has yet to demonstrate .
the labor department reports another , americans were thrown out of work , and signed up for jobless benefits last week .
the rare prime ministerial talks were aimed at devising concrete plans to implement wide ranging accords reached between the leaders of the koreas .
yahoo announced tuesday that it plans to cut at least of its workforce , or more than , employees , in the fourth quarter in an effort reduce costs .
le clezio described it as a deeply moving experience that was completely different to the life he knew in europe , the magazine said .
and all of us are diminished when any are hopeless .
some advertisements will feature bipartisan pairs , such as the rev . al sharpton with pat robertson and house speaker nancy pelosi with former speaker newt gingrich , zoi said .
these communities , the government believes , needs extra assistance to overcome centuries of discrimination .
or nbc s journeyman , in which a reporter becomes a time traveler able to change events .
engineered by the u . s . federal reserve , jp morgan bought the investment bank for a share , valuing the bank at million compared to nearly per share last week and a high last year of per share .
the group , whose profits slumped last year on the back of a weak dollar and industrial problems at airbus , said earnings before interest and tax ebit dropped to million euros from million in the year ago quarter .
these children are highly vulnerable to hunger , disease and the disruption of their normal lives and protective social systems , and require urgent lifesaving assistance to survive , the u . n . said in a statement .
that was the only way i was going to survive , she said , referring to the double ended paddle used on sea kayaks .
the rally in the southern port city of kaohsiung was part of an month government orchestrated campaign to emphasize taiwan s separateness from the mainland , from which it split amid civil war in .
eighty year old technology is being redesigned and rejiggered to deliver the best picture quality , said richard schneider , president of antennas direct . it s an interesting irony .
a recent poll found that percent of american evangelicals believe israel is the fulfillment of biblical prophecy .
cost will be on everybody s mind , said environmental protection group wwf international s martin hiller .
parvez soon began showing up at school with bruises on her arms .
one witness said police fired tear gas and jets of chemically laced water at hundreds of demonstrators who sought refuge in the city s jamek mosque and in commercial buildings .
stimulant drugs , like ritalin , adderall and concerta , help children with adhd to stay focused and control their behavior .
former british prime minister tony blair stayed away from the first eu africa summit in cairo seven years ago because of mugabe s presence , and in a planned eu africa summit in the portuguese capital was called off when some african nations balked at the eu s refusal to invite mugabe .
just days away from the florida primary , rudy giuliani has lost his grip on the state he once called crucial to his presidential chances .
the dow jones industrial average charts added just under points , posting its second biggest , single day advance of the year .
hudson asks public for help in slayings , nephew s disappearance
has pioneered quicker , simpler dna tests to work out which bones go together .
the film s boisterous fun kicks off from its recognition that the blues already was rock n roll no transformation was necessary .
a group demanding that france get out of afghanistan is claiming responsibility for the christmastime incident .
it removed the video clip at p . m . after the hour news channel ytn began collecting details of the incident .
in a usa today newspaper interview published wednesday , first lady laura bush said washington was poised to impose more sanctions unless the government loosens its grip on the populace within the next couple of days .
meanwhile , u . s . military officials say the incidents are not a concern . they say it s the russian military flexing its ability and presence .
expropriations and house demolitions proceeded inexorably through the rabin , peres , netanyahu and barak administrations , along with the expansion and multiplication of settlements , military occupation continuing and every tiny step taken toward palestinian sovereignty stymied , delayed , canceled at israel s will .
lowe says ibm s decision to buy instead of build was driven by economics .
because of the boycott , candidates from thaksin s thai rak thai party stood unopposed in many seats .
just imagine you re a motorist driving down the street and britney spears parks next to you all of a sudden you re swarmed by these people , said los angeles city councilman dennis zine .
this reflects the need for change and integration in world trends .
australian prime minister john howard , who will face his own re election bid later this year , said obama s proposed deadline would spell disaster for the middle east .
the number of hostages ranged from to , including a pregnant woman and a day old infant , and most were held for hours .
the renewed violence in basra and baghdad threatens to unravel a seven months long suspension of mehdi army activities , a much praised cease fire called by al sadr that the u . s . military says has decreased violence across iraq .
appa , who like most sherpas goes by only one name , reached the summit along with several colleagues .
ford bought jaguar in and land rover in .
al maliki blamed al qaeda in iraq for the killing , but said it would backfire against the insurgent group by further isolating it across the country .
united midfielder park ji sung , who spent three years playing in japan , has told his team mates not to underestimate the gamba team claiming that asian football is on the rise .
the awami league and the bangladesh nationalist party bnp have said hundreds of their party members have since been taken into custody .
the main four types of stresses that rexroad identified were migratory stresses , mites , pathogens and pesticides .
the jukebox features software that lets users load hundreds of hours of music stored on mp files in their computers onto a small cartridge that then goes into the car .
a gap in the nation s food safety program is uncovered at a hearing on the nationwide salmonella outbreak
investigators are trying to determine whether the bomb was planted or was detonated by a suicide attacker , according to prime minister recep tayyip erdogan .
a las vegas jury begins deliberations this hour on o . j .
he also set fire to the building s main gate .
the group has also called for south korean troops to leave the country .
it gives viewers the freedom to watch any show or movie they want , when they want to .
samsung electronics no . became asia s biggest consumer electronics firm , edging out hitachi .
the workers tell us they developed health problems after breathing the smoke .
witnesses said he managed to get out of the car after the blast .
washington cnn the international monetary fund s executive board has approved a broad financial overhaul plan that could lead to the eventual sale of a little over tons of its substantial gold supplies .
the number of international terrorist attacks last year was revised up to , from the the state department initially reported .
a source close to the talks blamed a split inside the local union for the stalled talks , according to a theater columnist .
the fighting was sparked sunday when lebanese internal security forces raided a building in a neighborhood north of tripoli , army sources said .
in a bid to generate more buzz abroad , it has opened clubs such as ministry of sound and is even pitching itself as a film location , eager to emulate new zealand s success with hits such as lord of the rings .
for van sant , the film harks back to the small , lower budget movies he once made , like my own private idaho .
police issued an amber alert for julian and asked people to look out for a white chevrolet suburban with illinois license plate x .
along came the rise of the personal computer and the decline of the mainframe .
nearly half of the relatives of victims who died in the world trade center attack say the republican national convention should have been held elsewhere , and about a quarter believe the gop chose new york to capitalize on sept . th , according to a new survey .
the other two women , who each persuaded one of their own daughters to sleep with the man , both received three year terms .
russia s fsb security service chief , nikolai patrushev , said basayev was killed in a special operation .
he ll also request billion to refurbish equipment , and billion for training and equipment that will accelerate the deployment readiness of army units .
despite stringent measures by security services to protect the event , the result is that we failed , saleh said .
wells is director of the genographic project , launched in to study anthropology using genetics . the report was published in the american journal of human genetics .
the sampling error for the results released wednesday , in which the question was asked of a half sample of , telephone poll respondents , is plus or minus . percentage points .
northwest ceo doug steenland said the combined airline will be able to overcome the industry s boom and bust cycles .
the irrepressible nadal will be back in action on friday against big serving berdych , who defeated veteran swede jonas bjorkman .
ge korea said it will file a lawsuit against the decision .
at least , people had moved into official shelters and . million people were expected to be evacuated in all , said ali imam majumder , a senior government official in dhaka .
in cases of rape it is permitted through the th week , and there is no time restriction if an abortion is the only way of saving a pregnant woman s life .
in front of an international audience , nyan win gave his government s version of events .
word from the white house that the bush family s year old cat willie died yesterday .
in when war seemed imminent turner was recruited as a spy , his son said . the miraculous happened .
hadley was featured in the leos janacek s opera jenufa , which won a grammy in .
we re currently conducting a major review of the superjumbo program , enders said at the opening of an airbus material and logistics center in dubai , headquarters of a customer emirates airlines .
khieu samphan s cambodian lawyer is say bory , the former president of the cambodian bar association and a member of the constitutional council , the country s highest legal body . say bory currently is legal adviser to former king norodom sihanouk , the statement said .
suppliers will still be able to use antibiotics for therapeutic purposes and disease prevention , according to longest .
of the eight players who remained in sunday s shootout for million , shin was the only one to never have her total score rise above par .
on wall street in the first half hour the dow was down .
the newspaper reported that north korea is also likely to repeat demands for a lifting of u . s . financial sanctions and to be taken off the list of terrorist sponsor countries when the six party talks reconvene .
he told the prisoners family members that if any one of them dies , it will be as if he were martyred on the field of battle and the occupation authority will be considered the true killer .
chong do won , manager of a small advertising company , frets that all this free time would boost social tension in a country that has traditionally prided itself on its homogeneity .
the deal will not , however , be for any of the new a super jumbo jets that went into service earlier this year .
it will cause some questions from the british authorities to mr berezovsky , peskov was quoted as saying .
calling the decision an outrage , sen . hillary clinton urged president bush to protest the decision to the saudi authorities .
speaking on condition of anonymity , the official said that while the attorney general looked at the papers , rahman did not need to be detained .
there is even a medical condition called alcoholic dementia .
the obama aide said the president elect respects and admires gen . scowcroft s bipartisan , pragmatic approach to foreign policy , adding that obama looks forward to continuing the dialogue with gen . scowcroft
the korean national railroad says tests of south korea s self designed bullet train , the g , have turned up serious flaws that could push back the target date for its rollout on the seoul jeolla province line .
the other thing you need is a really good vacuum cleaner .
he has this great ability to convey confidence and give comfort .
north korea has not been invited as an observer to the cheju annual meeting , chino said .
the orbiting telescope took pictures during the entire time , exposures in all .
he and medvedev , putin s ally and protege , have said they will rule jointly from their respective offices .
however , it did concede that while a lockdown might have helped protect some students and teachers it would probably have been ineffective in stopping cho , who had started on a mission of fulfilling a fantasy of revenge .
israeli law denies asylum to anyone from an enemy state , ap reports .
the road was one of several cooperation projects agreed upon at a historic inter korean summit in .
but as the saying goes , hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .
the study , published in the british medical journal , used data from the framingham heart study to recreate a network of , .
god owns my life , not the beatles , he said simply .
in its first official comment on the jiang s jet bugging why the reported bugging of president jiang zemin s boeing jet should have any impact on relations between washington and beijing .
she sometimes answers the phone at strebor . she reads her e mail and responds to as many messages as she can dishing out sex advice to eager fans .
it s raining , the snow is melting , and the state transportation secretary says they may be looking at the same thing now .
the next round of talks
in the book , jennings called madison one of the best men that ever lived and said madison never would strike a slave , although he had over one hundred neither would he allow an overseer to do it .
as we were being shown around yongbyon , the new york philharmonic orchestra was landing in pyongyang , the first time a major u . s . cultural group has visited north korea since the war in the early s .
the closure was part of an international disarmament deal under which north korea receives energy aid and political incentives in return for ending its nuclear program .
his creation , the big red buck , was selected for exhibit in the rd international art prize arte laguna , october november , mogliano veneto , italy .
japan notified seoul that the japanese rightist group called nihon shidokai departed from etomo near the western japanese prefecture of simane aboard a ton ship on its way to the south s easternmost islets .
the mudslide took place at the same airport where an airbus a flown by tam linhas aereas skidded off a rain slicked runway last tuesday and crashed into a nearby cargo building and gas station , bursting into flames .
koreans mourned kim sun il through the weekend as the body of the hostage victim was finally returned to his motherland from iraq , four days after he was slain by militants linked to al qaida .
norway s foreign minister , jonas gahr stoere , was in the hotel at the time and escaped unhurt .
many have sought refuge at police stations .
a customer got so steamed when a dry cleaner lost his trousers that he sued for million .
arwel wynne hughes , , attacked jedi church founder barney jones a . k . a . master jonba hehol with a metal crutch , hitting him on the head , prosecutors told holyhead magistrates court .
they were also allegedly plotting to shoot down a military plane . this man lives in the neighborhood
prime minister han myeong sook said thursday that she would discuss with president roh moo hyun the timing and scope of a cabinet reshuffle in the near future , though there has been no such discussion so far .
roddick and her husband stepped down as co chairmen of the company in , according to the ap .
while most republican contests are winner take all , most democratic contests are awarded proportionally based on the number of congressional districts won .
it also meant china was poorer than estimated .
embassy and ngos there , yonhap news agency reported . around of them hope to settle in the united states , according to a korean resident in bangkok .
seasonal winds lasting from late february to april or may combine with dry winter weather to pick up millions of tons of sand from china s northern deserts .
mogadishu , somalia cnn the general director of a local independent radio station in mogadishu was killed in a roadside bomb explosion saturday while coming home from the funeral of a murdered colleague shot earlier that day , a journalist with shabelle radio told cnn on sunday .
the war drums are getting louder in turkey , and they can be heard next door in the kurdish region of northern iraq , and across the globe in washington as well .
the death toll is the highest for us personnel in a single attack in iraq since april th .
it was just a minor misunderstanding , stallone told reporters they were just doing their jobs . i just didn t understand some of the rules here .
he s not the only one .
the opposition democratic party of japan dpj is set to become the largest party in the upper house for the first time .
with so many job seekers competing for the same position , you have an edge if you are referred by a friend or colleague of the hiring manager .
breakfast meeting was a friendly regular gathering among the presidents of daewoo engineering and construction , samsung corporation , gs enginereering and construction , hyundai engineering and construction and daelim industrial company .
he lumped these countries as brutal regimes , saying that the universal declaration of human rights is not being upheld in these countries .
sussex , virginia cnn a judge on tuesday scheduled an april trial date for jailed atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick on two state felony dogfighting charges .
his defense team is expected to argue that his use of the dog was condoned .
the vote of to links funding for the war to a goal of getting us combat troops out of iraq by march .
icann has previously turned down requests for . xxx , which would be used by adult sites , over fear of seeming to give approval of pornography sites .
bush and merkel said they had discussed a variety of other subjects , including the middle east , trade negotiations and climate change .
dyes are used in countless foods and are sometimes used to simulate the color of fruits or vegetables .
the women were involved in the black women s health study that began in .
we will reposition assets throughout the country of iraq , we will do this in coordination with the government of iraq and iraqi security forces .
according to police , the lawyer , the year old uncle and the president of a local finance company colluded to kidnap the year old golf club owner on feb .
the aircraft slipped off the runway and exploded into flames .
it is a chance to renew our commitment to help others around the world realize the great blessings of liberty , bush told several thousand of people in the audience for the celebration .
heavy snow in the northwest , more heavy snow in the northeast , and bitter cold in between .
we deem the united states war exercise an act of war that annuls the cease fire treaty .
the spirit of nantucket hit something in the intracoastal waterway around a . m . et and soon began taking on water , according to the law firm representing the cruise ship company , cruise west .
the man from wenjiashi township in hunan s liuyang city allegedly told guests he wanted to treat them to dinner and apologize for the dispute , which involved family matters , the statement said .
most people who live in kashmir s , square kilometer , square mile forest area one fifth of the indian controlled portion depend on agriculture or livestock breeding .
mehra says new delhi is slated to build , new apartments , though only , are under construction .
in a telephone survey , percent of women said they d looked up information about a specific disease or condition , compared with percent of men .
investigators say someone has been setting fires in coatesville , pennsylvania , which is just outside philadelphia .
barcelona continued their impressive unbeaten run to win at sporting lisbon to clinch top spot in group c from the portuguese side .
all people aboard a chinese jetliner that plunged into the sea near the northeastern city of dalian the airline has said .
the more recent tracks were found in southern italy s rugged roccamonfina volcano complex , north of present day naples .
prime minister lee hae chan also added some million won to his assets .
the strike has cut venezuela s oil exports to the united states venezuelan oil normally accounts for percent of u . s . oil imports .
yet he s so proud of his blood line that he never sheds his clothes in a public bathhouse when others are around .
second half substitute , shaun wright phillips , beat two men but his cross was steered over by lampard .
six elephants that escaped from seoul children s grand park may have been overworked and suffering from stress , say people who saw the animals before their breakout .
hezbollah chief hassan nasrallah has warned that the militant group is ready for open war with israel , after the killing of one of its leaders in syria .
state governor kathleen blanco has said she is furious at the unrest and vowed to restore order .
there are no charges of corruption against me , he said . if musharraf tries to fabricate false cases against me , we will face them .
president bush said tuesday that saudi arabia s king abdullah knows our position loud and clear on the punishment of the victim of a gang rape .
experts think recordable discs will find a wide audience , perhaps first with pc owners , who ll use them to store data from the world wide web .
in each case their executives are walking away with millions of dollars , while taxpayers are stuck with billions of dollars in costs .
meanwhile , the ministry officially criticized a group of u . s . lawmakers for urging their president to push korea to abolish its percent tariff on u . s . automobiles , saying such an attempt could wreck the talks .
the trade group said the products were being withdrawn out of an abundance of caution and insisted the products are safe when used as directed .
while she has run a non traditional campaign based on family issues , sarkozy , the son of immigrants , has appealed to right wing voters by espousing tough policies on immigration .
more than flights were canceled nearly a fifth of the day s flights , airport operator baa said .
the woman used login information she got from the year old office worker when their characters were happily married , and killed the character .
the planned minute ceremony at a military club in a cairo suburb reflects concern for security at an event expected to draw dozens of statesmen and foreign ministers .
university officials and human rights groups in south africa denounced the video .
iran was a major topic wednesday during cnn correspondent michael ware s wide ranging , exclusive interview with al maliki .
hearts are pure when they are not stained by lies and hypocrisy , he said . a heart is pure when it is estranged from the intoxication of pleasure a heart for whom love is true and not just the passion of a moment , he said .
european teams will play fewer matches to qualify for the world cup finals in south africa than they did to reach the tournament , uefa has decided .
in berlin , a spokeswoman for germany s foreign ministry confirmed the woman was in safety at the german embassy in kabul .
revealing their cards at cannes , with its notoriously snooty press corps , is a critical risk for spielberg , executive producer george lucas and star harrison ford .
power companies cannot predict when they ll get all the lights back on .
six u . s . troops were killed in iraq on monday , making the deadliest for the american military in the iraq war .
us and dutch naval ships gave chase , but held off when they saw the south korean crew threatened with guns .
more than . million people have been evacuated from their homes in south east china as the strongest typhoon in decades swept ashore .
colorful parades and displays have taken place , but thousands of pro democracy campaigners also gathered to call for political reform .
winter is a great time to observe one of california s largest resident populations of elephant seals .
but unless it s a gift , a single rarely makes it out the door .
unfortunately too many people still think that technology is nice but not necessary .
a rod , batting . with four homers and rbis , strained his right quadriceps sunday at baltimore . morgan ensberg was listed as the starting third baseman against chicago .
slides obtained by the national security archive under the freedom of information act contain a powerpoint presentation of what planners projected to be a stable , pro american and democratic iraq after the ouster of saddam hussein .
under the new measure , local residents are able , through voting , to sack local mayors and governors whose policies and performances are found to be in poor standing or who are involved in corruption .
ben bernanke says the recession could end this year .
one quarter of all registered voters say obama lacks patriotism , according to the poll .
this year s holiday retail season is predicted to have been the worst in decades .
several people were seen taking photographs of the unusual destruction in this normally hot and dry country .
who wouldn t be afraid of santa claus ?
the bodies of four u . s . soldiers have been found west of baghdad .
i feel like i m supporting who she is . at the , square foot brick and mortar boutique , fans can buy o apparel , umbrellas , coffee mugs , baby bibs and pet collars .
zoo solves mystery of celibate polar bears
meanwhile , the summer of love has given way to the autumn of fear in san francisco , a liberal stronghold where residents bitterly disappointed by the bush victory are in no mood to reach out and mend divisions .
he and his family boarding a train in philadelphia to follow the same route abraham lincoln took into washington in .
but this order has changed repeatedly over the past decade , and could do so again .
one of the men pardoned is charles winters , who died nearly years ago .
it s been more than months now since election day , and it s time to move on , says the republican national committee chairman
before the ban on staying in hotels was lifted , cuban critics called the restrictions tourist apartheid .
with more than percent of votes tallied , the ruling sierra leone people s party slpp candidate , year old vice president solomon berewa , was performing more strongly in the south , populated by the mende ethnic group .
the report said that previous research found no more than percent of foreign fighters were libyan . but the records indicate that libyans began arriving in iraq almost all by way of syria in greater numbers in may .
from there you can catch a train at montenvers back to your starting point , chamonix .
we re blessed and excited , he said . i keep coming back to the bible verse that says , god will never leave or forsake us .
all people on board survived , with some escaping just seconds before the plane exploded into a huge fireball .
still , prices in some european countries were more than percent more expensive than in south korea .
the grandfather of caylee anthony , the murdered florida toddler , is in stable condition this morning , after he was taken to the hospital out of concern that he might be suicidal .
the first regular freight service for over half a century began tuesday operating across the heavily fortified border between north and south korea .
the latest reading on the struggling economy comes from the federal reserve , which says industrial output dropped by six tenths of a percent in november .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert says he plans to release jailed members of the fatah movement led by palestinian leader mahmoud abbas .
so i m assuming they guessed at our blood quantum .
finding it in dinosaurs , which are believed to be the ancestors of birds , sheds light on their reproduction also .
a military spokesman said all were presumed innocent and it would be up to the authorities to decide if the men would face the death penalty in any future courts martial .
if our country does not lead the cause of freedom , it will not be led .
korea s largest businesses want the government to change the rules to keep overseas funds from taking over , saying the nation s drive to improve management since the asian financial crisis has left companies vulnerable .
he will play for a couple of months and then leave .
you see they have encroached on the specific project lengths there will be no notice , no relocation projects for them , said new delhi mayor arti mehra , who says she and the city are worried about those who have been left homeless .
both carried bags with them , ap said .
for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when . sen . john mccain of arizona has , delegates , shy of the , he needs to lock in the republican nomination .
what better way to enjoy it than at the beach , where few people wear shirts ?
on may , exactly years ago today the teens were abducted in the southwest mississippi town of roxie and beaten in the homochitto national forest before being weighted down and thrown into the mississippi river to drown .
age as political issue has become a reality the mccain campaign does indeed have to face .
kim jong hoon , korea s delegation head , said before leaving for the talks , trade remedies and pharmaceuticals are what we are going to focus on .
some people make groundless accusations against china that its military attacked the pentagon , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu said at a regular news briefing .
the problem is there is so much debris on the roads from the storm that our crews cannot get to some places , judge said .
investigators suspect someone used falsified papers to remove the stone from the secured vault in california , although no criminal charges have been filed , grubb said .
president roh moo hyun also urged japan to reflect upon its actions for the past , act on the past apologies it has made on several occasions and prove in a clear manner that it has no intention of repeating them .
the same holds true for europe .
if you can see the object , you can go in after it .
all eight would also face kidnapping and conspiracy charges , a spokesman told reporters at the california camp where the defendants were being held .
so i ventured farther , to clos pegase , a greek temple as interpreted by architect michael graves to the persian palace known as darioush
george hotz , of glen rock , new jersey , said he had reached the deal with certicell , a louisville , kentucky based mobile phone repair company .
thaksin s right hand man , deputy prime minister somkid jatusripitak , resigned earlier on tuesday one of more than party members to announce their departure .
the action also involves , different toys involving big big world in bongo band toys from the company s fisher price brand .
rice told the senate foreign relations committee that she instructed the top u . s . diplomat in the country to talk to the syrian government about the flow of iraqi refugees , but made clear it was not the start of a broader conversation on iraq .
it is the latest in a series of safety scares over products made in china .
cates called her tuesday and talked about the fact that he had made an oversight , pure and simple .
paulo sergio pinheiro , the u . n . s independent rights investigator for myanmar , had been barred from visiting the country since november .
i am concerned that given the circumstances of syrian behavior in lebanon . . . talking with syria now about iraq would have downsides for us in terms of lebanon , in terms of what syria would be looking for , in terms of how it would be perceived , rice said .
aung thein , a lawyer for the opposition national league for democracy , said it was not clear what statements they were accused of making .
six foot inch . meters , with a . inch . centimeters waist , mimi has already modeled in europe and she knows that is where she wants to be .
blagojevich was arrested last week on federal corruption charges .
to enhance the level of understanding for foreign students , they will receive training before the school year kicks off and take additional class after school if needed .
mike moriarty has big expectations for the new year .
but cardozo finally broke the deadlock to hand celtic an unhappy return to the city where the club won the european cup in .
chaudhry has been at the centre of growing anti government protests ever since general musharraf suspended him in march .
in a matter of decades since it was invented in by english scientist tim berners lee , the world wide web has grown from a few pages to somewhere in the hundreds of billions , according to best guesstimates .
latest numbers from wall street .
many were bitterly opposed to that deal .
powell called the beijing meeting quite useful , but later told the senate foreign relations committee that north korea s proposal was not going to take us in a direction we need to go .
that s about half the genes the rodents have .
oil minister hussein shahrastani announced monday that international oil companies can bid on long term contracts for redeveloping the six oil fields , as well as two natural gas fields .
she was taken to a hospital last week after fainting at home .
after the raid , ecuador and venezuela , leftist allies that border colombia , moved troops toward the frontier and denounced the rightist government of colombia .
he travels for six months every year in a quest for gastronomic inspiration , then returns to his barcelona laboratory where he experiments with new tastes , temperatures and textures .
the seoul metropolitan government sued mbc television seeking . billion won .
the ap s mark smith is live at the white house to explain
soluble fiber is found in oats , beans , fruits , and vegetables .
he cited two examples the chinese government s encouragement of people to have a competitive mind set against the united states and japan s full fledged reshuffle of its government structure .
the deal to build a pipeline along the caspian sea coast to ship turkmen natural gas to western markets via kazakhstan and russia is a blow to u . s . and european efforts to secure alternatives to middle east oil and gas that would be independent from russian influence .
the bullet train reduces travel time from seoul to pusan from four hours and minutes to two hours and minutes .
hamilton said that one shortcoming of the bill is that it
limonov was freed late sunday , his office told cnn .
he says congress will now need to release the rest of the money .
in the bbc interview , he refused to elaborate on the details of the intelligence , saying that disclosing specific information may cause sensitivities between the two countries security services .
flores is suspected of transferring classified material and could face years in prison if convicted , saiz said .
i ask you to seek a common good beyond your comfort
believe me i ve been there .
the mission of the , man korean contingent based in irbil , northern iraq , is mandated until the end of this year .
look at the record . . . not the rhetoric , not the platitudes , but the principles and the philosophy , he said .
us marine commanders defended their decision not to send troops into falluja .
he termed other aspects of the u . s . invasion of iraq disappointments , including the failure to find weapons of mass destruction and the treatment of prisoners at abu ghraib prison .
four bombs were detonated on underground trains at liverpool street , russell square and edgware road , and on a double decker bus at tavistock square .
the u . s . state department said it plans to investigate what it calls a terrible incident .
plame s name appeared in the media in after her husband criticized the bush government over iraq .
the pakistani leader heads to france and then to switzerland for the annual world economic forum in davos , which starts wednesday and wraps up friday . he plans to end his european trip in the united kingdom .
the restructuring affects percent of citi s current work force of , full time employees .
heart disease patients often have several risk factors such as high cholesterol or poor diet , making it impossible to single out bad dental health as a contributing factor .
police and government officials in rome rejected the claims , insisting police had been forced to intervene after united fans trampled
the meeting will be held two days after japan s education ministry is slated to disclose controversial textbooks , which critics claim distort and even extol japan s invasion of asia , particularly korea .
hundreds of college football players will be anxiously waiting over the next two days to hear their names called in the nfl draft .
wolfowitz and riza and their lawyers will appear on monday before a special bank panel , appointed by the world bank s board of shareholder governments to discuss the issue .
but , her release was halted as orlando police brought the attempted murder charge .
more than , people died , their bodies buried beneath feet of molten ash .
they were seized at their living quarters in bayelsa state , in the unsettled niger river delta area where oil production has been interrupted by rebel attacks .
trading in apple stock was heavy tuesday , the first day of the macworld conference expo in san francisco . it fell . percent to . at midday .
his big sister talked to wsbn tv
the united kingdom s sun newspaper started a stir monday morning when it quoted the author of an upcoming book about jackson saying he was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life saving lung transplant .
the case was presented to prosecutors by the national intelligence service s industrial intelligence protection center .
the militia is said to be at the center of the sunni shiite sectarian violence that has plagued the war ravaged nation .
a bbc correspondent has heard fresh accounts of the military s brutality .
but forecasters can t agree on how intense it will be .
scientists used genetic analyses of bees collected over the past three years and found that iapv was present in bees that had come from colony collapse disorder hives percent of the time .
that older people have more immunity to the new virus , maybe because they were around during the swine flu scare of the s
baa , the heathrow operator , said it hoped to return to near normal operations on friday , but advised all passengers to contact their airlines for up to the minute information .
we take seriously our obligation to understand the emerging science of antibiotic resistance , and to work with our suppliers to foster real , tangible changes in our own supply community , and hopefully beyond , said frank muschetto , mcdonald s vice president of global supply chain management , in a statement .
earlier , a video of the hostages was aired on arabic tv station al jazeera .
defense secretary robert gates said the united states needs more troops to hold areas of southern afghanistan and to train local army and police personnel .
dollar mixed in light trading
hezbollah , a shiite organization , views extremist sunni groups such as al qaeda and fatah al islam as enemies .
we want to finish the mission in this form in , tusk was quoted as saying by the daily polska . he did not elaborate .
ap s christina ho reports from los angeles as sides remain far apart on compensation for shows shown over the internet
this , on news of an unexpected rise in new unemployment claims at a drop in factory orders .
we have punished the related personnel .
when the exit from gaza is open , so is the entrance , ministry spokesman aryeh mekel said . hamas and other terrorist groups may use this opportunity to smuggle weapons and terrorists into gaza .
sarkozy , aiming to push through his reform driven renaissance of a morose france , had looked set to win a powerful majority as the french voted in sunday s runoff elections for parliament .
crichton won an emmy , a peabody , a writers guild of america award for er , and won other awards as well .
there have also been protests that the film will open in london .
the new recruits are part of the first class of palestinian policewomen who recently completed a european union sponsored training program , part of a broader eu effort to improve ill equipped palestinian law enforcement agencies .
an ekg can detect abnormal heart rhythms that can lead to sudden cardiac arrest . children who are already on adhd drugs should also be tested , vetter said .
several firefighters suffered minor injuries , fire officials said .
abukar mursal stopped going outside to play after a bullet grazed his back during a soccer game in mogadishu , the wretched seaside capital where he was born .
the mayor says that the bodies of at least students have been found , as crews frantically search the rubble of what was once a three story building that held classes for children from k , grades k through .
ledger , whose performance won a best supporting actor golden globe , has been nominated in the same category at the baftas .
sen . clinton s calls for retreat would leave iraq to the terrorists and lead the u . s . into a wider and more difficult war in the future . it s clear clinton is listening to her party s left wing base and not gen . petraeus and ambassador crocker , he said .
the white house was swift to respond , saying in a statement that bush still believes that maliki is the right person to lead iraq .
after his visit , detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi was allowed to issue a statement for the first time in over four years and to meet members of her party .
two u . s . soldiers were killed by an explosive device in baghdad .
korean presidents fall victim to the expectation game that they are going to solve all the problems of the country , said gregg in an interview .
police found his chessboard with numbers attached to its squares , all the way to , and pichushkin also used the chessboard to keep stoppers from bottles of vodka he offered his victims , said suprunenko , the investigator .
the road to major league football in the u . s . a . is a well worn route for some of the world s greatest players .
the small patch of land by the river , covered with disheveled weeds and human and animal feces , is popularly known as bachchewala ghat or child burial ground .
chun also announced preventive measures .
attendees will start working on a report on iwc reform during wednesday s session , fisheries agency official joji morishita told reporters tuesday evening .
some governments are beginning to see the logic of this approach .
billionaire businessman thaksin was ousted in a military coup after allegations of widespread corruption in his government .
the big box stores back rooms provide a glimpse into the buying habits of rural shoppers from barrow on the arctic ocean , to the aleutian island fishing port of dutch harbor , to dozens of villages in the vast interior .
but hours later tests showed that he has tendinitis in his right knee .
it s enough to make even the most conscientious climate change student issue a weary discombobulated sigh .
local media reports said one man died in his car , the death toll is expected to rise , as many people have been reported missing in several collapsed buildings across the capital .
providing some hope in the midst of horror , rescuers pulled a student from the debris of beichuan middle school , hours after the quake collapsed the building , china s xinhua news agency reported .
endeavour and its crew of seven rose from the seaside pad at p . m . , right on time , and pierced a solidly blue sky .
the next task is to convince voters that his policies would be better than bush s , and , on the economic front at least , that may be a more difficult task .
oslo , norway cnn a chunk of an arctic glacier broke into the sea and triggered a huge wave that injured people on a sightseeing boat , almost all of them british tourists , norwegian officials said on thursday .
computers at the headquarters of the barack obama and john mccain campaigns were hacked during the campaign by a foreign entity looking for future policy information , a source with knowledge of the incidents confirms to cnn .
claiborne and ortenberg retired from active management of the company in .
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
the legend of bigfoot dates back centuries .
once inside the vehicles , the protesters furiously banged on windows and continued to chant , free tibet !
on his first visit to jamestown as president , bush soaked in the scene like a tourist first watching a dig for artifacts , then climbing aboard a replica of a majestic ship .
eight were civilians who were killed when rockets landed short of their targets on sunday morning .
five people in three counties have been arrested in arson probes , but none has been linked to any of the large fires .
and at an energy department event , president barack obama made another appeal for quick action
nasrallah made the declaration during a fiery speech at the funeral of imad mughniyeh in lebanon s capital , beirut .
on a visit to berlin on monday , brown said when a murder takes place , when a number of innocent civilians were put at risk as a result of that murder , and when an independent prosecuting authority makes it absolutely clear what is in the interests of justice , and there is no forthcoming co operation , then action has to be taken .
kinko s inc . , a chain of copy shops , moved to a hour schedule when people literally started banging on its windows after hours .
the court sentenced min to three and a half years in prison .
the commerce department reports the economy shrank at an annual rate of .
the reports underline the continuing social awkwardness of charles very public liaison with a woman he says he has no plans to marry .
the rebels kidnapped christian charity workers from ghazni province on july .
he s been in a county jail in ottawa since then .
that raised the ire of many workers .
the president s doctor had recommended a repeat procedure in about five years .
the yemeni news agency saba confirmed the eruption and said a military garrison on the island is being evacuated .
more than a million british visitors traveled to the uae in , and more than , british nationals live there , according to the british foreign office .
the protesters have been angered by disruption of the olympic torch relay in paris and london .
it s an old darwinian evolutionary strategy .
the korea times reports the prosecution tuesday arrested a former head of a local chapter affiliated with the main opposition grand national party for taking bribes from a real estate developer in return for business favors .
the airport , on the italian capital s southeast outskirts , was temporarily closed .
he maintains he knew nothing about the bomb plot and that he asked for the guns to protect his family his mother was muslim , and his father , hindu after receiving threats during sectarian riots in mumbai .
president lee myung bak needs more than half of the national assembly seats to successfully pursue his strenuous reform drive .
america didn t become the greatest nation on earth by giving our money to the government to spread the wealth around .
both the party and chong wa dae should respect each other and try to normalize the relationship , kim said .
on wednesday , hong kong s legislators rejected chief executive donald tsang s reforms , saying they did not go far enough towards full democracy .
bad boss protection strategy
he was identified by fingerprints , tattoos and scars .
sen . barack obama will win the virginia democratic primary , cnn projects based on exit polls . the polls closed at p . m . et , and the republican race between sen . john mccain and mike huckabee remains competitive .
a top indian official sunday refused to comment on claims that islamic militants were responsible for attacks in the southern indian city of hyderabad that killed at least people .
worldwide economic losses from natural disasters appear to be doubling every ten years , the report said , and called for action to decrease the emission of greenhouse gases , particularly carbon .
once in custody , he was linked to the darmstadt break and enter through the dna sample on the salami and charged .
given the magnitude of this disaster , if some countries or militaries are ready to provide us with material in urgent need , we will express our welcome , said foreign ministry spokesman qin gang , ap reported .
marcus noland , an economist at the new york based institute for international economics , said pyongyang s anti capitalist track record suggests it may actually be trying to tighten controls , not loosen them .
police also uncovered instructions in the students papers on how to build a pipe bomb , though there was no evidence of an actual bomb , he said .
the elite standing committee , which is
american idol s top are being honored in their home towns before they go back to hollywood to sing their hearts out
he was the fifth american in space and the third to orbit earth .
all the while fighting the urge to make the mission personal .
christians around the world marked easter day , one of the most important events in their religious calendar .
kbs news also reported that hwang got job offers from some research institutes abroad . hwang thinks returning back to korea after making some accomplishment abroad is the only way to reestablish his impaired reputation , the news cited a person close to hwang as saying .
today s announcement reflects the common commitment of the participants in the six party talks to realize a korean peninsula that is free of nuclear weapons , the president said .
the nevada tourism people hope this downsized corner of the state can cash in on the current mania for ufos and all things paranormal .
but his wife , linda daschle , is a registered lobbyist at the powerful firm baker donelson , which does have some clients in health related fields .
many of whom had sought to remain to care for their cattle among the approximately , residents inside the kilometer exclusion zone , said carmen fernandez , director of chile s office of emergency .
the crowd applauded new york city bars and restaurants for donating prizes
the korea times reports criticisms and suggestions came during a meeting organized by the korea independent commission against corruption kicac at the shilla hotel in seoul .
us president george w bush is returning home after a surprise trip to baghdad his first since november .
health secretary york chow made the decision late wednesday to call off classes for two weeks , through march .
but taking into account the severity of the matter , we will make a final decision after consulting with our students and alumni . in early february , the education ministry announced successful candidates for the first ever law schools in the seoul area and in the provinces .
she cannot match him in elected delegates , but the super delegates could give her the nomination if they think she can win against john mccain .
an interim report issued wednesday by independent board members of the french bank societe generale has concluded that a trader working alone was responsible for amassing trading losses that exceeded . billion .
most of those arrested among them several of the country s top businessmen have been briefly jailed .
ap s sauger magoni reports from washington
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the plants slated to end vehicle production are in ohio , wisconsin , mexico and canada , gm chairman and ceo rick wagoner said at a news conference
japan s main opposition leader ichiro ozawa has offered to resign from his position as head of the democratic party of japan .
about . million foreign workers are employed in the southeast asian country , home affairs ministry secretary general raja azahar raja abdul manap told the daily newspaper , star .
benefits more if everyone contributes to the common good .
he promised brazil will now , with great pride , do its homework . and , he added , if everything works out well , we will win once again a world cup .
the three ministers , including health and welfare minister rhyu si min , said that the reform is vital to stabilize the fund and lessen the financial burden on future generations .
she has denied these photos , and they have continued to surface , and then she s going on and campaigning for these different organizations that aren t affiliated with the miss california organization , so there s just so many different things going on .
nearly . million visitors came to the islands last year , a drop of . percent from .
four people also were wounded in the attack on the village , duwailiya , a shiite community northeast of baghdad in diyala province .
sources said xi jinping is expected to be elected as state vice president and li keqiang as executive or number two vice premier in charge of macro economic affairs .
the national assembly can only express its opinion to the president .
investors seized on an explosion at a , barrel per day refinery in texas , the falling dollar , the possibility that opec may cut production next month , and continuing tensions between the u . s . and venezuela .
and a bomb threat forced pageant officials to postpone the last day of competition on thursday , said magali febles , director of the miss puerto rico universe pageant . pageant organizers said the hoped to catch and expose whoever was responsible for the pranks .
first , less constrained by western sanctions during the hussein regime , they ve been operating in iraq and know the country s oilfields , said falah aljibury , an energy analyst who has advised several iraqi oil ministers as well as other opec nations .
it s like the nuclear explosion , said dr . irwin goldstein , director of sexual medicine at alvarado hospital in san diego , california . it created sexual medicine . it allowed the taboo to be broken .
he thinks obama s smart and flexible .
the new list excluded prisoners in the custody of the u . s . military in the central asian country as demanded by the kabul government , the source told the korea times on condition of anonymity .
our internal clocks adapted us perfectly to a world where we slept by night and hunted by day .
baghdad , iraq cnn u . n . secretary general ban ki moon ducked in surprise when an explosion rattled baghdad s green zone on thursday where he was delivering a televised news conference with iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki .
at a . m . the census bureau will release its reading on new home sales and prices in march .
mintz , , wouldn t elaborate on why he reunited with hilton .
it also set up a new post , senior secretary for social policy , and gave it to lee won duck , president of the korea labor institute .
in the posting , the bombers were identified as sheikh ibrahim abu othman and abdel rahman abu abdel nasser al asimi .
a ministry official said that the restrictions would apply to persons who engaged in illegal activities or shameful conduct in other countries .
but senior superintendent of police ahmad latif told cnn that authorities could not immediately label it a suicide attack .
and we love them because they re all customers ! countered jobs .
leading well means forming a crystal clear image of what must happen and communicating that precisely .
, new apartment units in pangyo new town will be released at once .
alexander vershbow , the u . n . ambassador to korea .
doug forseth , senior vice president of the resort , said a total of passengers had been rescued .
thinking they were on british territory .
and narcisa de jesus martillo moran , a th century laywoman from ecuador who helped the sick and the poor .
shares declined about in extended hours trading .
the ap s warren levinson has on the massive selloff .
he never did anything in real life , but i had my suspicions about what he was doing in second life .
eun hee ji was alone in fifth with a , angela stanford was sixth after a , while suzann pettersen
the nia admitted last week that its precursor , the korean central intelligence agency kcia , kidnapped kim from a tokyo hotel in august and took him by boat to seoul .
the reports also showed clinton owes more than million , meaning she was in the red even before stepping up tv advertising in pennsylvania .
for example , other companies such as lotus were able to develop applications , bradley says .
david lang won the music award for the little match girl passion , which premiered oct . at carnegie hall in new york .
they made the assertion that the coalition presence was an occupation and that the effort to train and equip the iraqi security forces had been inadequate to the challenges faced .
president elect barack obama tells nbc s meet the press the economy is going to get worse before it gets better .
the president is readying for the g summit this week in london .
choline , a nutrient that is critical to brain function , is one example .
i think that if i m going to iraq , then i m there to talk to troops and talk to commanders . i m not there to try to score political points or perform , obama said wednesday . the work they re doing there is too important .
the biggest prizes that obama won were his home state of illinois and georgia , and a larger share of the delegates in those states .
in his inaugural speech as new prosecutor general , kim jong bin said the motto of the prosecutors office in his tenure would be safe guarding human rights .
despite what you may have read , heard or seen on tv , the summer of was pretty average for travelers .
tony blair will become an envoy for mideast peace , u . s . officials said tuesday , blair s last full day as britain s prime minister .
the region , including parts of vietnam and five other countries , is home to , species found between and , according to a world wildlife fund report released this week .
wayne rooney scored twice following his introduction as a late substitute as manchester united booked a club world cup final meeting with liga de quito on sunday by beating gamba osaka in a thrilling semifinal in yokohama .
bill clinton , the former president of u . s . is going to have a book signing event in seoul .
paris mayor bertrand delanoe called it a despicable act which must be condemned .
it is a big drop from the figure when . million people were credit defaulters .
former president kim dae jung hints at nk envoy role .
the offer to end the confrontation , in which people have died , came after troops pounded the red mosque complex , breaching its wall in three places .
japan s unemployment rate was up . percent in november , . points higher than october , according to the ministry of internal affairs and communications . more than . million japanese are out of work , the ministry said , and for every three people looking for a job , only . jobs are available .
that tries to trick computer users into clicking on a virus infected web link and began spreading to europe and parts of north america , computer experts said .
the men , women and children taking part in the final day of a hindu festival were crossing the bridge from one religious site to another when the structure gave way , police said .
near the city of sevastopol on the black sea , the storm wrecked a freighter carrying scrap metal .
if i say i want protection for mullah omar , the international community has two choice
but you d never confuse a windows user with the passionate fans of mac os x or even the free linux operating system .
roh told the daily that the gnp is a party with roots in regionalism and the vestiges of military dictatorships , calling on the people to support a candidate from the pro government uri party .
white house spokesman gordon johndroe said , extremists will not be allowed to stop pakistanis from selecting their representatives through an open and democratic process .
white house officials suggested bush was taking a wait and see approach about his relationship with chirac and german chancellor gerhard schroeder , another ardent war foe .
officials say madonna is to travel to malawi to try to adopt a second child from the african country .
regarding the recently revised percent rule , han said that the new disclosure rule was designed to make investment more transparent , regardless of where the capital is from .
he contrasted his trip , which was advertised in advance , with the stealth visits of others , a reference to visits by u . s . officials who sometimes do not broadcast their visits to iraq for security reasons .
the hackers posted soviet symbols the hammer and sickle , as well as the five pointed star and scathing messages with profanities on web sites based in the ex soviet nation , officials said .
mohamed el baradei said he hoped to discuss the suspension of north korea s nuclear activity and the eventual dismantlement of these facilities .
president george w . bush and his afghan counterpart hamid karzai , in the meantime , were set to hold the first of the two day long summit talks late last night .
spain s attorney general , candido conde pumpido , said last week that the cell could have contained six suicide bombers , two explosives experts and two ideologues .
leaders from north and south korea are to hold their second ever summit , officials have announced .
still , three european freighters were hijacked last week in the gulf of aden , which connects the red sea and the arabian sea off the horn of africa .
iraq which has about a percent shiite population is also made up of sunni arabs , kurds , turkmens , christians and others .
so far , in the first hour and a half of trading , the dow has dropped more than points .
they re also learning how to have a positive image of their bodies .
south korea s economy grew . percent last year and percent the year before , but lee says it has underperformed .
the democrat put aside political events on thursday and friday to spend some time with his grandmother in hawaii , whom he described as gravely ill .
some died of the severe cold , some were buried under avalanches and others died after their cars overturned on snow covered roads .
and , even though he and mccain are both vietnam veterans , he opposes mccain s views on war and disagrees with the candidate s positions on iraq and afghanistan .
the government wants to create a program for indvidual retirement accounts and allow civil servants to form labor unions as early as next year , the labor ministry announced yesterday after meeting with the ruling uri party .
his trip coincides with the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq , which has tainted the u . s . image in the mideast and changed the balance of power in the region .
police in covina , california , say bruce pardo was dressed as santa when he arrived at his ex in laws christmas eve party .
the u . s . military in japan also formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident .
alex mcleish s side now have two of their last three games at hampden park .
s . korean ambassador to the u . s . , hong seok hyun s resignation is accepted .
we consider this to be the first definitive evidence of abundant lighting on venus , david grinspoon of the denver museum of nature and science told reporters wednesday at a briefing in paris .
campbell said the narcissism upsurge seemed so pronounced that he was unsure if there were obvious remedies .
one who s not worried is georgia quarterback matthew stafford , who will likely be the first selection by the detroit lions .
last week , agency officials caught young northern snakeheads by using an electroshock method that stuns them , causing them to float to the surface of the water .
her uk label , island records , issued a statement saying , we are deeply disappointed and upset by these latest revelations and are doing everything we can to offer amy our full support in dealing with her problems .
a western source and local sources said the rebels had been pushed back to about km miles north of the capital of n djamena , after flooding the
the study was paid for by the u . n . development group iraq trust fund , the who and the european commission .
the claim was widely reported in the international press but ignored by the japanese media , hills was quoted as saying .
there were also disturbances in new york and oslo , reports said .
meanwhile , police said they were investigating the murder of hammad raza , a senior pakistan supreme court official , at his home in islamabad early monday .
while he has been a member of the shiite dawa party a part of the ruling united iraqi alliance he said he is the leader of all the people , not just shiites .
the home was a center of atlanta s black society and the scene of many parties .
many of the players involved two years ago will be playing again on wednesday with paolo maldini , milan s captain , expected to become the oldest outfield player ever to appear in the final at the age of .
a lot has changed since the two debated in hollywood , california , on january .
the united states , meanwhile , said it had suspended annual defense talks with pakistan because of pakistan president pervez musharraf s emergency declaration and suspension of the country s constitution , a u . s . defense department spokesman said .
the vault sits at the end of a meter yard tunnel blasted inside the mountain .
the minister was found hanging from a door in his apartment earlier monday , and he left a suicide note , according to local media reports .
but desertification is not limited to china and it is fast becoming a serious global problem that will only be exacerbated by climate change .
the people of pakistan have spoken and the parliament will be functional and every decision and every relationship will be according to the parliament and the democratic forces of pakistan .
fayed s butler , rene delorm , testified last week that fayed had confided only on august that he intended to propose to diana .
one desperado serenaded baldwin with the national anthem . another had a stress induced breakdown , telling the cameras it would be relieving not to get a rose .
when will ferrell s president bush meets tina fey s sarah palin
the ap s sophia manos has a preview
and let them look at the fate of america s agents in vietnam and the fate of the shah of iran . intelligent is he who learns from other s mistakes , he added .
it may take two days to restore power to all the affected homes .
the federal funds rate , the central bank s target for an overnight bank lending rate , now stands at . percent , its lowest level since march .
the president was visiting one of those islands , hoarafushi , to inaugurate an energy project , shareef said .
there were three people in the car with him giving him instructions .
airbus said this week it is negotiating a private order for one of its massive a superjumbos , which would seat people if configured as a commercial airliner .
word of iraq s intent to file charges came as no surprise .
london , england cnn the nine newest members of the european union were celebrating on friday after border controls officially were lifted , allowing them to move freely within the eu s passport free zone .
but can you trust it ?
a mine exploded monday on a road in southern somalia , killing four people three members of the medical humanitarian group medecins sans frontieres and a journalist .
airlines and service providers seeking to deliver high speed internet services to passengers say they ve learned from boeing co . s decision to pull the plug on its ambitions to outfit its planes with a similar service .
liable for any crimes that may have gone on there .
we want people to know all around the world , that roland burris is someone whom they can have faith in , whom they can have confidence in , someone whom we fully support as a community .
the shutdown , which followed years of intense international pressure , should erase the danger of future accidents at the plant .
they said most had died in an air strike following a raid in the shiite district of sadr city .
the koreans are identified as jung tae young , executive director in charge of daewoo engineering and construction company s overseas projects
finally , the meat was chopped into brick sized blocks , weighed and priced for townsfolk who lined up for their purchases .
it s not , will we see it ?
los angeles , california cnn the truth about the x files sequel some of it , anyway is now out there .
environmental protection no longer means an end to economic development
in life , one of the worst things you can do is hold a grudge , he said .
americans are called to enact this promise in our lives and in our laws .
a word of caution for first time investors thinking of diving into the stock market here
i started building them when i was a kid . we had a competition in the neighborhood to build the coolest tent , wapenaar told cnn .
the nation s top immigration policymaker said monday korea needs to prepare for a multicultural and multi ethnic society as the number of foreigners will account for . percent of the population by . korea immigration service commissioner han sang dae told the korea times that by , the number of foreigners here will top . million .
i am looking forward to making the case for panama and south korea as well , he said .
al qaeda s tv production unit promised on monday a new message from osama bin laden would be made public soon .
kevin keegan has sensationally returned to newcastle after being named as the premier league club s new manager in succession to sam allardyce .
ukraine s deputy prime minister oleksandr kuzmuk , who was at the site , compared the accident to the explosion at the chernobyl nuclear reactor in .
but in a letter to congressional leaders , president bush confirmed that an agreement had been reached .
but her cell phone and a comforter were missing , police said .
there s a regulatory black hole that makes it possible for the pharmaceutical companies to get these drugs to the stores that sell them without the fda being able to monitor it , said rep . ed markey , a democrat from massachusetts .
her owner , chen sheng hua , suspects the rescued stray s vocal cords were snipped .
family business is definitely growing here , says mark graves , the spokesman for palm springs desert resorts .
the head of hezbollah threatened open war against israel as mourners gathered in beirut thursday for the funeral of a senior commander in the islamic militant group organization killed this week .
globo and the estado de minas newspaper reported that authorities put out the fire , but at least prisoners died and authorities were trying to identify them .
more than , internet users clicked on the video clip , making the footage the most viewed clip for a while .
barack obama , the first days
the chilean navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to assist in the rescue operations .
people in communist china are able to access english language stories on the bbc news website in full , after years of strict control by beijing .
flying from singapore to sydney , australia , on thursday , the enormous a is carrying passengers who bid up to , for a seat on the historical trip .
the us has also said it killed dozens of insurgents on the first two days of a major operation north of baghdad .
between those states , he would be awarded the larger share of delegates .
saudi king abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a saudi newspaper has reported
asked specifically if he fears being physically attacked during next year s tour , he said , yeah . there re directors of french teams that have encouraged people to take to the streets . . . elbow to elbow .
pakistani officials have been vague on shah and zaman s links to bhutto s killing , and have said they have not been named as official suspects .
the property tax scheme threatens to aggravate and real estate market .
lindsay lohan , who was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence saturday in beverly hills , california , was photographed less than hours later slumped in the passenger seat of a car .
a british environmental group is prescribing strong medicine of its own
but if he can overcome them , sharif may plant himself in the running for the prime minister s slot in the new government .
pyeongchang in gangwon province , has a population of over , and is located about kilometers east of seoul .
the question is really
iraq s parliament , the council of representatives , convened on friday in a special session . however , the session was poorly attended .
melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer , is a big problem .
paroled offenders in california have a p . m . to a . m . curfew , cannot leave any outside lights on and may not answer their doors except for law enforcement .
federal inspectors halted operations at the plant earlier this month after finding clear violations of usda regulations .
the government said people have been killed since the violence began earlier this week , but british prime minister gordon brown said he believed the loss of life in myanmar was far greater than is being reported .
we have full confidence in euro in poland and ukraine , uefa president michel platini said .
they start out learning about the operating system and then programs and applications , hashem said as he looked over a huddled group of women crowded around a dozen computers .
a piece of insulating foam on its external fuel tank came off shortly after liftoff and was believed to have hit the left wing of the shuttle .
the coalition said there were no indications of injuries or deaths to non combatants , although some damage was done to buildings and fields .
the lack of information is fueling confusion and widespread speculation about the future of president robert mugabe .
he was carrying a single bottle of water and had no parachute , lawyers for mrs . fossett said in the court documents .
this in turn would influence future aid and investment plans , the world bank said .
and let s protect democracy .
the north s accounts in banco delta asia in macau were frozen in september , and sanctions have now almost severed pyongyang s access to the global financial network .
thailand s military backed government has pledged tighter security in the south after an onslaught of bombings and shootings by suspected muslim insurgents killed eight people and wounded .
but that was before she came to the games in china , which has undergone a major change in its treatment of the mentally disabled .
christian fundamentalists in kansas and elsewhere are swearing off coors beer , a seemingly odd choice given the highly conservative bent of the coors family .
on the democratic side , clinton took california , according to cnn projections .
the joongang ilbo reports the administration s pursuit of a free trade agreement with the united states has drawn some additional opponents who joined protesting farmers .
this would reduce the stake held in yahoo !
brazilian newspapers on wednesday ran front page photos of adriana almeida wearing a t shirt and wraparound designer sunglasses being escorted to jail from a hotel in a luxury seaside community near rio de janeiro .
beckham is scheduled to make his u . s . debut july .
saddam hussein has confessed to crimes during his regime including executions and deserves to die , iraqi president jalal talabani has said .
she was shown excavation trays containing chess pieces , iron knives , copper baubles and the discarded claws of crabs that had been a meal for the settlers .
the leaders of russia , turkmenistan and kazakhstan reached a landmark pipeline deal on saturday that will strengthen moscow s control over central asia s energy export routes .
for some unofficial answers , we stopped at the nearest town we could find
they communicate by using symbols , analogies , metaphors , and stories .
the united nations agency called the agreement a big turning point in the north korean nuclear crisis .
the ratio was . percent in the survey of .
the category is new , and guinness world records must certify it , a process that could take a week or longer .
innovative , user friendly offerings skype , facebook , twitter , mash ups , youtube , wikis , and the like
the next time wie tees it up , she finally can feel like she belongs .
health experts say there is no sign the virus is passing from human to human .
if they have income from jobs .
foreign ministers of korea and japan are likely to meet thursday amid an intensifying history row , as japanese minister nobutaka machimura decided to join the asia cooperation dialogue in pakistan sources yesterday , to be held april , where south korean foreign minister ban ki moon is likely to meet him on the second day to discuss what koreans call japan s attempt to glorify its imperialist past .
he beat the record set last year by japanese climber katsusuke yanagisawa , who scaled the peak at age .
how difficult was it to make the decision to switch from full time attorney to fulltime lego artist ?
during part of the video , the elder castro is standing .
about israeli army vehicles , including armored personnel carriers , entered ramallah tuesday afternoon and arrested several people including jamal el tirawi , palestinian security sources said .
president elect barack obama in a just released statement says the loss of nearly million jobs during the recession is even more reason for passage of an economic recovery plan that he says will save or create at least . million more jobs over a year period .
in a separate interview published by le parisien newspaper royal accused sarkozy of mimicking george bush s compassionate conservatism .
asked if he had a message for musharraf , he told cnn international , he should restore the judiciary , which was working independently in this country for the strengthening of the institution of democracy .
suu kyi s party won polls in but was never allowed to take power .
last weekend , the u . n . security council unanimously adopted a resolution sanctioning the north for its nuclear test on oct .
early new englanders used them in jams .
he s being treated for a torn labrum and a cyst on his right hip .
two weeks ago , about to soldiers , all officers , came here . they told the people it would be better for them to go away now when they could be helped with their move . . . than when the gas and electricity is cut off , said refugee anya kosenko , .
the killing is said to have spurred the killings of about two dozen yazidi men by sunni muslims in the mosul area two weeks later .
the problem is extensive enough for the indian health ministry to be developing new legislation that lawmakers hope will stop the illegal organ trade .
they removed their sodden socks in an effort to stay warm and dry while they waited for rescue , according to the rescuers who found them .
babacan was responding to iraqi claims that the kurdistan workers party pkk , which turkey accuses of launching attacks on its territory from bases in iraq , was ready to declare a unilateral truce .
for his part , torre says it s a review of his years here , and not a tell all
but having said that , we do expect them to maintain a standard of conduct on the street that is above reproach , he said .
and the justice department said the supreme court had no authority to accept the case at this stage , contending that a federal appeals court in washington should first tackle it .
i gave the sport all i could and took everything it could give me , she added .
it was also the index s second straight month of gains following a . percent rise in october .
washington has accused syrian officials of being involved in killing , an accusation damascus denies .
an electric fault could have caused an overnight fire at the government building in downtown seoul , which was put out within half an hour without causing any casualties , investigators said thursday .
the campaign released only the top two summary pages of her returns .
the accident occurred monday morning while filming an action sequence in beijing , the crew said in a statement .
michaels also hopes to win the fcc s blessing in to days for a second , less expensive model that would be priced at .
weeks after cecilia made a spectacular foray into international politics by apparently helping to broker the release of bulgarian medics imprisoned in libya , and left commentators puzzling over her motives .
if indeed the photographs were taken by installing a camera in the bathroom of the prison it was a serious invasion of the right of privacy of the petitioner , her lawyer k . t . s . tulsi told the court .
former president kim dae jung , who wants to visit north korea again in june , perhaps spurred the project forward by his stated wish to travel to pyongyang by rail , although it is unclear that the test runs could make such travel possible
the group s leader , bae hyung kyu , was killed by the hostage takers several days ago , but since then several deadlines have passed , apparently without further bloodshed .
samuel l . jackson reflects on bernie mac
northern vermont was under a winter storm warning , with a wintry mix of snow , sleet and freezing rain expected from late tuesday afternoon into wednesday , the weather service said .
the official also said the delays would have no direct cost to taxpayers because contractor first kuwaiti general trading contracting co . had agreed to deliver for a set million price .
police said the vehicles exploded in a market place near the local shia mosque , killing at least people and wounding dozens of others .
i had to fight but it was worth it , it s marvellous , the spaniard told french tv channel france .
sajani shakya had her status revoked because she broke with tradition by leaving the country , the state run national news agency reported , quoting narendra prasad joshi , chief of the bhaktapur taleju temple where sajani is based .
bolt gave credit to a big contingent of jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat .
the couple , who met in an internet chatroom in , are now separated .
a black president . of the white americans surveyed , percent said the country is ready , as opposed to percent of african americans polled .
chinese state media had warned it would cast a shadow over ties with the us .
he had not weighed in while obama was still battling sen . hillary clinton .
chandra declined to name any specific programs , but said sexual content is pretty pervasive .
mohammad said gibbons was very nice and he would be upset if she never came back to teach .
but the video from central anhui province may renew slender hopes for the survival of the creatures also known as white flag dolphins and traditionally considered a deity by local people .
the event could be a step closer to hawking s goal of going into space .
i have great respect for the islamic religion and would not knowingly offend anyone , and i am sorry if i caused any distress , gibbons said in a statement read by sayeeda warsi , one of two muslim lawmakers who traveled to sudan to secure her release .
since records began in , people have been killed .
the government has appointed officials to sit on the committee to draft the constitution .
the centers for disease control and prevention collaborated with google on the project , helping validate and refine the model , and has provided flu tracking data over a five year period , said dr . joseph bresee , chief of the epidemiology and prevention branch in the cdc s influenza division .
now , a reno artist will be making his international debut , having been invited to exhibit his work in a juried art competition in italy .
beijing , china cnn the elite of china s communist party opened their five yearly congress on monday where they will put forth a blueprint for reforming political institutions , but the steps aim to strengthen one party rule and will not copy western democratic models , a spokesman said sunday .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
but it s not until you open it up that you realize it s a waste of time .
the fa requested a copy of the relevant television footage to assist their investigation after referee howard webb confirmed he did not witness the whole event .
no residents or nearby communities are at risk , and the fuel cannot explode unless it is deliberately detonated , trinidad said by telephone from washington .
at least half his male patients end up making an appointment only after they ve been prodded by a wife or other loved one , the doctor added .
all shots were accounted for as they entered the water , the statement said . when asked about reports of a fatality , a spokeswoman for the u . s . fifth fleet in bahrain said they had no indications of any casualties in the incident .
roh arrived t here sunday with his wife kwon yang suk on the first leg of his official trip to kazakhstan and russia .
in the winter , the residents of this pacific northwest city hunker down for the gray rain that drills the city sidewalks for days on end .
the korea times reports that if the government s bill is passed in the national assembly , year olds will be permitted to exercise property rights and make legally binding contracts independently from next year .
the bank s announcement , which followed last month s . percentage point cut , came as new figures showed uk house prices dropped at their fastest monthly rate for years in november and new car sales were down percent .
the paper added that deby was accompanied by a woman , but that she has not yet been traced .
the white house quickly denounced the outcome .
iraqi prime minister nouri maliki said the attack was a criminal cowardly act and said the violence would not weaken mps resolve .
he called the situation an outrage .
the captors have repeatedly threatened to kill more of the koreans if their demands to release taliban prisoners held by the afghan government and the u . s . military are not met .
the parliament also called for an independent inquiry to be considered and for closure of the us guantanamo bay detention camp .
ramos horta said he expects to stay in australia for a few more days so doctors can monitor his progress . he intends to return to his country in a few weeks time , he said .
the suicide bombing that targeted bhutto s convoy in karachi last thursday killed people hours after her arrival in the southern port city of karachi .
at a house agricultural subcommittee hearing in washington , d . c . , today , members of various organizations came together to share their concerns about what they have been calling the colony collapse disorder , or ccd .
he s only recovered from his injury this week . i asked him before the game about whether he felt he was in shape to come on and he told me yes , said capello .
the th army has long been the symbol of u . s . military commitment to south korea , but expectations had been high recently that washington will withdraw the unit from the peninsula in line with the u . s . military s global wide troop realignment plan .
clinton also won tuesday in ohio and rhode island , while obama won vermont .
in other cities , you can see men entering adult book stores or leaving strip joints .
there were no civilian casualties , since civilians had abandoned the area due to fear of turkish attacks , yawar said , adding that he did not know whether any kurdish rebels were killed .
the palestinian territories , hong kong and taiwan which competes as chinese taipei are among those that benefit .
the idea of iran having a nuclear weapon is dangerous and therefore now is the time for us to work together to diplomatically solve this problem , he added .
the bill was passed by votes short of the two thirds majority required to override bush s veto .
the local currency closed at . won against the dollar monday , rising . won .
bush intended to announce the sanctions last month in a speech at the holocaust museum in washington but held off to give the united nations and sudanese president omar al bashir more time to try to resolve the situation .
at any rate , eve is the apple of wall e s eye .
the long ride for the cowboy is over on dancing with the stars .
japan s chief cabinet secretary yasuhisa shiozaki said on thursday that washington considers the financial talks very constructive and tokyo hopes it will have a positive impact on the six party nuclear talks .
iran has so far refused that demand , arguing that it has the right to produce nuclear fuel for peaceful purposes under the non proliferation treaty .
the seoul city government yesterday announced new measures for the sale of public housing aimed at making prices more transparent and affordable for low income home buyers .
bhutto was the daughter of zulfikar ali bhutto , former president and prime minister of pakistan , who was hanged in for the murder of a political opponent two years after he was ousted as prime minister in a military coup .
but he said zardari had turned it down in favour of his son a decision he said the party leadership had endorsed .
the last seven south korean hostages held by the taliban in afghanistan have been handed over to the international committee of the red cross .
details of the program for obese middle schoolers have yet to be finalized .
the rising anxieties came amid a spate of recent government measures to curb an excessive buying boom in the housing market that was in part fueled by the lax lending policies of banks .
i should caution that this is a first step in a long process , elbaradei said . this would have to be an incremental process .
it also triggered the automatic shutdown of the turkey point nuclear power plant south of miami , federal regulators reported .
after playing virtually no part in her husband s election campaign earlier this year , she famously failed to turn out to vote for him in the second round ballot on may .
a pro beijing group staged a carnival and soccer tournament that attracted a few thousand people .
the uk s ftse was down by . at one point .
his legal team has days to appeal the decision .
akhtar s lawyer has said his client denies any involvement and has sought to halt sale of bhutto s book , titled reconciliation
game this evening in tampa . philadelphia phillies have a two to nothing lead over the dodgers in the national league championships after beating la yesterday .
perhaps they are taking up so much space from the point of view of the sources of income as from the point of view of supply and distribution of drugs to these bands and , as a result , the bands are looking for other types of crimes , he speculated .
vienna , austria cnn joyous spanish fans partied hard into the early hours monday morning after their side defeated germany to claim their first major football title in years .
she s expected to serve three weeks for violating her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
hollywood trade paper variety quipped that indiana jones was entering the kingdom of the critical knives , and reporters have joked that cannes might prove a new temple of doom for indy .
publisher simon schuster , expecting large sales , ordered an extraordinary first printing of million copies .
it was his sister s first shuttle flight .
manchester , new hampshire cnn what will new hampshire voters be listening for when presidential hopefuls square off sunday and tuesday in presidential debates ?
but in those with heart conditions , it could make them more vulnerable to sudden cardiac arrest an erratic heartbeat that causes the heart to stop pumping blood through the body and other heart problems .
washington s chief nuclear negotiator , christopher hill , said at the weekend that pyongyang had agreed to shut down the reactor within three weeks .
al jazirah newspaper quoted a saudi justice ministry official saying king abdullah issued a royal pardon monday the same day that the hajj , the annual muslim pilgrimage to mecca , begins in saudi arabia .
two days of lavish celebrations have got under way in malaysia to mark years of independence from britain .
the result means none of the so called premier league big four have won for the second week in a row
the attacker s knife was wrapped in a national flag , shareef said . the knife touched the president s shirt but not his body , he said .
several highways were flooded around new jersey .
nbc news reported that cho mailed the package at a . m . monday during the two hours between the shootings at the west ambler johnston hall dormitory and the shootings at norris hall .
quoting unnamed american officials , the times article published monday morning said , there was mounting evidence that osama bin laden and his deputy , ayman al zawahri , had been steadily building an operations hub in the mountainous pakistani tribal area of north waziristan .
a team of doctors will participate in the surgery .
clinton portrays whitewater partner jim mcdougall as an embittered man who threatened her several times when she tried to file overdue tax returns for the property .
car makers must take on the bulk of effort to cut carbon dioxide emissions from new cars as part of europe s fight against climate change , the eu executive says .
alexander torshin , the man leading a federal inquiry , said regional police failed to follow orders which could have prevented an attack .
they presented conclusive evidence that stars the size of our sun have planets and those planets might be able to support life .
the crisis comes less than a month after the leaders of russia and ukraine met in moscow and agreed in principle on a price for natural gas for .
tour . however , the year old milram rider will have to wait a little longer to find out if he faces a possible two year ban .
there can be no change without force , pressure .
seale , shackled and wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , shook his head during testimony about his family .
the korea times reports the state prosecution has demanded a year prison term for korean german scholar song du yul on charges of spying for north korea .
unlike oh , jeong handed in his resignation with the determination to walk out , his aides say .
yun jong su , coach of the north korean squad , hinted earlier this year that consolidating teams was possible .
tonight , is a night for the winners to savor , but we won t be going away .
the decision will make australia the first country to ban the light bulbs , although the idea has also been proposed in the us state of california .
e passports will be issued to diplomats and government officials on a trial basis in the first quarter of next year .
today the question , usually asked from home or a cafe , is
some environmental factors that can influence a newborn s size
john holmes , the u . n . coordinator for humanitarian affairs , told the delegates that the death toll from cyclone nargis ranges from , to , , well above the myanmar government s announced toll of ,
musharraf also defended a september peace agreement
osamu shimomura , a japanese citizen , was the first to isolate gfp from the crystal jellyfish , discovering that the protein glowed bright green under ultraviolet light .
bell s ex wife registered him online , and guinness spokesman stuart claxton said bell s doctor documented his height .
over the next few days , engineers will check opportunity s instruments and command it to scale down the crater .
torri said the case would be wrapped up very quickly .
the code reconfigures the user s computer to show pop up ads on porn sites regularly and set up specific sites as the internet start page .
which enabled them to calculate that the complete pyramid was once feet meters high .
the local power company reported spotty power outages in the area because of storms .
he told cheering crowds that his return was not the result of any deal with musharraf , referring to reports that he had come home under an arrangement with the military ruler .
downstairs , music throbs from the don t tell mama night club .
the study also enabled astronomers to calculate the distance of the earth from the center of the galaxy , now measured to be , light years , and enhanced by six times the accuracy to which they were able to measure the positions of stars the equivalent of seeing a one euro coin from a distance of , kilometers , miles .
the top ranked belgian withdrew from the china open in september because of her asthma and is worried she might be forced to skip the games next august .
you end up buying when all the news stories are good and the stock market is going up , and then end up selling when the stock market is going down and all the news stories talkin about how terrible it is .
he said people died five policemen and eight civilians and that were wounded
israel has flatly denied involvement in mughniyeh s death
peter nadebaum , principal of environmental sciences and engineering consultants , cmps f , said developed countries have adequate environmental laws and policies , whereas underdeveloped countries feel they just cannot afford them .
the minute second audio message titled come to jihad
that makes it just two games lost in two rounds for the defending champion , who next takes on year old polish hope agnieszka radwanska .
the winery is named after his great grandfather vittorio , an italian winemaker who made wine under the name v . sattui in san francisco until prohibition shut him down .
the rand study , published in the november edition of the journal pediatrics , looked at the results of three surveys of about , adolescents ages to from to .
the current laws requires all healthy men to fulfill mandatory military service for , or months in the army , navy or air force , respectively .
rice said the united states sees the establishment of a palestinian state and a two state solution as absolutely essential for the future , not just of palestinians and israelis but also for the middle east and indeed to american interests .
what about this album you re releasing ?
the pervasiveness of porn has made sexiness from subtle to raunchy a much sought after attribute online , at school and even at work .
we need to build on this three hour window
it s an asset play , not a cash flow play .
on thursday , the philharmonic will perform in seoul , south korea , before returning to the united states .
sleep two hours , wake up and cry .
president jerry johnson of the national association of home builders , says his industry just can t get a break , even from the federal rescue package .
last month , u . n . envoy martti ahtisaari recommended that kosovo be granted internationally supervised independence .
hutchins and magincalda were among seven marines and a navy medic from kilo company , rd battalion , th marine regiment , who were accused of taking part in the killing of year old hashim awad .
when the second phase of the deal is completed , it will create the world s largest steel company with about percent of the global steel market .
meantime john mccain is campaigning in colorado .
but he said that would happen only if washington takes actions in parallel , including removing wider economic sanctions and striking the country from a list of states that sponsor terrorism .
former us president clinton was taking short walks in the hallway outside his hospital room and was in good spirits thursday following heart bypass surgery this week .
boarding his plane in london , sharif said that if he was arrested upon arrival , that would be a small price to pay for the country s freedom .
london , england cnn ac milan shrugged off an indifferent season so far to thrash champions league group d leaders shakhtar donetsk at the san siro on wednesday night .
therapy for damaged skin using stem cell is developed .
asked if the negotiations were over for the bush administration , mccormack said , no , no . in terms of further action in the six party mechanism , we will see what the north koreans response is going to be .
a canoeist who uk authorities believed was dead has turned up alive five and a half years and around km miles from where he was last seen .
virtual world , real emotions
adapted from frank miller s graphic novel , stars gerard butler as leonidas , king of
despite the improved airline quality in , the study s authors say those gains will likely be reversed when the economy turns around .
they said they would ask the french embassy to assist in seeking her return to seoul from france .
another concern for dog charities is that animals are given as christmas presents .
a woman in rural papua new guinea was bound and gagged , tied to a log and set ablaze on a pile of tires this week , possibly because villagers suspected her of being a witch , police said thursday .
that rapidly melts the snow , resulting in large mud flows .
mccain has gathered delegates so far in his presidential campaign , including tonight s projections .
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
smaller numbers of people voiced support for the law .
fed chairman ben bernanke says he expects the economy to bounce back and begin growing later this year , but he s warning the joint economic committee that even when that happens , economic growth will remain below its longer run potential for a while .
five people were killed and others were wounded when attackers fired at a tent of mourners for a person killed in this week s fighting .
the government pledged to relax or remove unnecessary regulations .
the number of american executions fell to its lowest level in about years , putting it fifth in the world with , amnesty officials said .
yes , there are those point polls out there , but our latest ap gfk survey shows john mccain and barack obama running almost even among likely voters and a veteran political reporter says the democrat doesn t have a lock on this .
he called the deal a step along the way and said the united states hopes the agreement will be implemented .
the virus remains essentially an animal disease , but experts fear the virus may mutate into a form easily spreadable between humans and trigger a global pandemic , possibly killing millions .
the suspects , who include the alleged mastermind of the attacks khalid sheikh mohammed , have now been moved out of cia custody and will face trial .
we differ on a lot of things . . . but when it comes to civil rights and our commitment to diversity , when it comes to our heroes president john f . kennedy and dr . king sen . obama and i are on the same side , she said .
the observer newspaper gave a more
flood eventually trained jake to become one of fewer than u . s . government certified rescue dogs an animal on hour call to tackle disasters such as building collapses , earthquakes , hurricanes and avalanches .
germany has reviewed its business ties with iran , and may make further reductions in those if circumstances warrant , she said .
paul mccartney has also complained about media coverage of the divorce , which may produce the biggest financial settlement ever in britain .
if both sides carry out their declarations , it means a week of relative calm between israel and gaza .
you re a goddess and i m so glad the world now knows what you can do , zellweger told her while onstage .
the institute s forecast is the second such pessimistic outlook in two months .
in promoting zubkov , whose nomination could be approved by the lower house of parliament as soon as friday , putin showed he is still calling the shots .
its radius should be only . times the earth s radius , and models predict that the planet should be either rocky , like our earth , or covered with oceans , udry said in a telephone interview .
the year old woman , with a history of health problems , died early on march .
eleven more bodies were recovered in the worst hit province of nghe an , and one more body was discovered in son la province .
they act in a way more like americans than americans , he said during a meeting with koreans living in istanbul , turkey .
napolitano has learnt to win sprints by racing on the track .
completely and utterly yours .
sunni no campaigners had hoped to block it by taking two thirds of the vote in at least three provinces , in line with electoral rules .
but he added that more study will be needed in the coming months .
the official said iraqis will set the agenda , with topics likely to be national reconciliation and building iraq s economy
taking a leap forward in the study of mars , european engineers began construction on the beagle , a lander slated to hit the red planet in .
while flinchum s pain may not have been evident to reporters monday , his long ties to the area and the university make it seem likely .
the year old south korean and resident alien lived at the university s harper hall , flinchum said . he was an english major , the chief said .
vatican newspaper sings praises of the beatles
nowak told police , however , her relationship with oefelein was more than a working relationship and less than a romantic relationship .
the majority grand national party suffered a stinging defeat in yesterday s by elections , just eight months before a december presidential poll .
police arrested a year old man tuesday after he confessed to the premeditated arson of namdaemun the year old south gate in central seoul out of anger against the government over a land compensation dispute .
when the government asks you to pay for mistakes on wall street it does not seem fair .
there is no shortage of al qaeda making noise that they intend to attack the u . s . or its interests overseas , kolko said . we are concerned , but that is why we do our job every day .
symptoms of dengue fever include high fever , severe headache , backache , joint pains and eye pain , nausea , vomiting and a rash , according to the cdc .
yeah , it s an old joke , but john mccain made it work on nbc s tonight show with jay leno .
i think the french president will do everything he can to help us , but he must make all efforts possible as soon as possible .
pyongyang agreed to end its nuclear program in return for diplomatic concessions and economic aid .
about people were killed on the island of nias , not far from the epicenter , officials said .
tsonga felt pain in his right knee which was similar to the pain he felt playing doubles in miami last week , said a statement from the french tennis federation fft .
benoit then sent several curious text messages to friends early sunday morning and this prompted authorities to check on benoit and his family at their home , the statement said .
the sunday times said the powers already existed in northern ireland . civil rights groups viewed the plan to extend them to the rest of britain as an attack on civil liberties , it said .
the two week campaign begins officially at midnight friday .
he was lampooned as bush s poodle .
it was carrying passengers most of them foreigners and seven crew .
british authorities have said trafficking usually involves the trafficker promising to bring a woman to britain for a better life and then forcing her into prostitution .
the targets were carefully chosen to pinpoint enemy positions and eliminate the likelihood of harming innocent civilians , she said .
analysts say if chung goes to prison it could harm both the country s car sector , and the wider economy .
please do not scare her , please tell us where to find her , the girl s mother , kate mccann , said in a video plea for the girl s release .
we welcomed washington s moves to follow through on their responsibilities according to the agreement reached , a spokesman for the country s foreign ministry said in a statement carried by the north korea central news agency .
an initiative like this can effectively open an original and privileged communications channel with young people with a message of great impact that can promote responsibility towards the problem of anorexia , she said .
he s president obama s pick to head the cia .
he suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to germany , the sources said .
the virus is a concern for chinese officials as the nation prepares to host the summer olympic games starting august .
a forensic examination of the body would start on thursday .
transformers
but measurements of the star suggest that a planet not much larger than the earth is pulling on it , the researchers say in a letter to the editor of the journal astronomy and astrophysics .
the government plans to update its websites in english or publish newsletters to provide information and advice to foreigners .
carson , california cnn david beckham scored his first goal for los angeles galaxy in their superliga semifinal against d . c . united on wednesday , striking with a free kick in the th minute .
cnn malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi on wednesday dissolved parliament to pave the way for new elections .
experts say the youth vote was important
despite a row about the film s thwarted efforts to use a memorial site where the nazis shot colonel claus von stauffenberg , the german federal film fund dfff , administered by the federal film board ffa , has endorsed the subsidy .
ronaldo wrecks ferrari on way to training
at least people have died and more than , have been injured as a result of the snowfall , which began last month .
the family suffered considerably over the last few months and do wish to be left in peace to allow them to grieve appropriately .
the storm , which had grown in a matter of hours from a tropical depression to a category hurricane , came ashore near high island in galveston county around a . m . a . m . et with maximum sustained winds of mph .
the owner of an american cargo ship being held by pirates off the coast of somalia says a us navy warship has arrived on the scene .
the years and changes accumulated .
the popular defiance has been led by buddhist monks but there were fewer of the saffron robed devotees on the streets on thursday following overnight raids on monasteries .
had two days to be happy about it , she said , before he decided to deposit the coins for safe keeping .
they are setting the agenda for change in countries like indonesia , thailand , china , south korea , taiwan and malaysia , where water quality is the first focus , to be followed by air pollution and then waste management .
the application of fuel cell technology in smaller cars was investigated by peugeot , with its epure version of the cc .
the davis daughter was born hours after they got to the hospital .
after a very frightening day and night , the kitten seemed more relaxed and was warming up to humans , said dan hendrickson with the humane society of parkersburg .
united nations nuclear inspectors have been given the go ahead to return to north korea to begin the process of shutting down the main nuclear reactor .
those weren t enough to fulfill your hedonistic needs .
salvatore lo piccolo was the only one capable of carrying on provenzano s legacy , piero grasso , italy s national anti mafia prosecutor , told ansa .
the place part of the new million renzo piano extension to the woodruff arts center , table peachtree st .
the eu executive s usually dry daily news briefing sprung to life with questions over whether a second clip of couples achieving ecstasy in a variety of positions and venues was the best way to show how brussels uses taxpayers money .
the book highlights the mercury astronauts and their contribution to the u . s . space program .
they say their complaints were ignored , and requests for protective clothing were denied .
the girl s family did not want to be identified , hospital officials said .
and she doesn t expect such attitudes to change quickly .
in a report to the un , he also criticized sudan s own investigations .
but fans of the film looking for a gratifying , albeit short lived adventure , transformers
scientist simon plunkett said as he explained the images to a room full of journalists and scientists wearing d glasses .
a children s book , angel girl , was also based on their love story .
modesto , calif . , which had topped the ranking for the past three years , saw the number of car thefts there plummet by almost percent last year compared to .
the english midfielder , who helped real madrid win the spanish title last month , will play for the los angeles galaxy of major league soccer .
the phoenix s day mission is to analyze the soils and permafrost of mars arctic tundra for signs of past or present life .
the galaxy , already a major league soccer worst with five drawn , are points behind colorado for the last western conference playoff berth and look out of contention .
the risk of contracting a contagious illness is heightened when we travel within any enclosed space , especially during the winter months , when most of the respiratory viruses thrive , gendreau said .
the command said the espionage missions were a violent infringement of north korea s sovereignty and a grave violation of international law .
six shuttle flights had been planned for five of them to the space station .
the us reports cases , all of relatively mild disease , in the san diego area as well as in san antonio , texas .
chinese premier wen jiabao has ordered urgent measures to unclog the transport jam and ensure a steady supply of food and energy .
an iraqi pharmacist at saddam hospital said lynch knew u . s . troops were on the other side of the euphrates river , which is just a mile away .
paramount and dreamworks figure skating romp blades of glory remained the no . movie with million , followed for the second weekend by disney s animated comedy meet the robinsons with million , according to studio estimates sunday .
nkem chuku tells nbc s today show the new mom is going to need help at home .
the five afghans captured with the man were also released , according to a statement from german foreign minister dr . frank walter steinmeier .
in recent days the army has redeployed thousands of troops in north western pakistan where pro taleban militants opposed to president musharraf have been carrying out a string of attacks said to be linked to the mosque siege .
kenneth gergen , a swarthmore college professor and psychologist , is a little more tactful but no less discouraging .
in baghdad , an aide to sadr accused the us of killing unarmed people at the mosque .
a group of south korean school children on a trip to the zone looked into one of three blue huts used for the talks .
as of yesterday , the airlines were all able to use their full schedules and so thankfully um , operations are back to normal .
move over barney , new dog moving into white house
the south korean government confirmed monday night that taliban militants had released two sick female korean hostages , year old kim gyeong ja and kim ji na , who is , and that they were in the hands of korean officials in ghazni .
five of the deaths were in michigan , where several storms plowed from western michigan eastward .
but analysts say anything less than a double digit win for clinton would make obama a clear favorite for the nomination as the party seeks a challenger to face republican nominee elect john mccain in november s presidential election .
former islamist abdullah gul has been elected president of turkey following a contest that has split the nation and drawn opposition from the army .
australian wildlife officials say rescuers have returned pilot whales to sea .
women aren t afraid to go for the jugular , says christine gallagher , founder of revengelady . com and author of the woman s book of revenge
the results of those four states could mathematically put sen . john mccain of arizona over the top when it comes to winning enough delegates to secure the gop nomination .
she married lyndon baines johnson later that year .
i watched the doctor diagnose and treat problems with teeth , the paper quoted the unidentified man as saying when officials raided his home this week . i also saw how he would extract teeth and make models and measurements for dentures .
japan s governing party has announced it will choose a successor to abe on september rd .
a more courageous group of people you could not have hoped to know , said nasa administrator sean o keefe .
it said an apache helicopter crew observed some military aged males planting a roadside bombing in the samarra area and engaged the emplacers , who fled into a house .
the content providers are loath to cannibalize the lucrative tape rental and sales markets , or spend heaps of money on dvd titles , until the new technology proves itself .
the lower house of france s parliament has approved plans to extend special powers by three months to try to bring a wave of urban rioting under control .
an ex khmer rouge prison chief has been charged with crimes against humanity by un backed tribunal in cambodia .
the company said it also planned to ask for compensation from the union for losses it suffered during the strike , which was part of a job action called by an umbrella labor group to protest three assembly bills dealing with part time and temporary workers .
an year old man has set off on a , mile bicycle ride around arizona s perimeter .
meanwhile , tsuyoshi s brother , who was adopted by another zoo , has also turned out to be female , kyodo reported .
the ministry of finance and economy said that it may revise foreign exchange transactions rules in the first half of the year to remove any loopholes in the current laws .
a total of . million people around per cent of the population are on the register .
the trips take between three and four hours , with two hours in the water
also , , postal paper ballots were requested for soldiers and police officers , biti said .
north korea s chief negotiator song il ho told reporters after thursday s session at the north korean embassy in hanoi that the abduction issue has been completely resolved by our sincere efforts .
civilian deaths have been an ongoing point of contention between the government of president hamid karzai and u . s . and nato forces .
yoon was among south korean civilian abductees , mostly fishermen , believed still alive in the north .
all day adult group lessons begin at , with lift ticket .
with the arrival of the th anniversary of elvis death on august , , millions of fans were eager to connect with him providing a near religious experience for some and not so spiritual though undeniably profitable opportunities for others .
but he said parliament might change the date of elections planned for january , and gave no end date for the emergency .
a military dialogue with pakistan should now be teamed up with a political dialogue .
attorney general michael mukasey collapsed tonight during a speech at the marriott park hotel in washington .
seoul s plans to withdraw some korean troops from iraq were a surprise to u . s .
the scene moguls who own private jets and romantic couples who can t decide whether to dote on each other or on their buttercream frosted tea cakes cupcakes for grown ups .
the country s king , sultan mizan zainal abidin , approved the decision , abdullah told reporters in a televised news conference to announce his decision .
now , they didn t catch madoff , that s a shame
it regards itself as the upholder of secularism , on which the state is built , and has overthrown four governments since , the last years ago .
the tribe sighted recently is one of the last not to be contacted by officials .
many countries , u . s . lawmakers and human rights groups have accused the united states of torturing terror suspects since the september attacks .
other people would then react to these words , perhaps at the same time posing for the provocative paparazzi .
home sales fell in all but states where buyers have been able to snap up foreclosures at a neat discount .
much anger at the destruction has been directed at u . s . troops who stood by and watched it happen .
the three day trip came amid efforts to organize a new round of international talks on pyongyang s nuclear weapons program .
mwanawasa said the zone would change the face of the copperbelt and , indeed , the zambian economy in that our raw materials will now have a chance to enjoy a value addition of unimagined proportions .
thomas frieden has been the top local doc for the past years . he led the campaign to ban smoking in new york restaurants and bars .
he said the hospital had a large emergency ward but was bringing in extra personnel to treat victims .
while there are an estimated , to , polar bears now in the arctic , scientists from the u . s . geological survey predict two thirds of the world s polar bears will disappear in the next years because of a decline in arctic sea ice .
as of sunday night , the top bid was .
the international olympic committee executive board on thursday disqualified the athletes who won gold in the x meter relay and bronze in the x m relay in sydney .
the order for the curfew which is indefinite and also applies to troops relatives came from the top us commander in okinawa , lt gen richard zilmer .
the chung supporters promised to provide the data .
the spat between spain s king and venezuela s leftist dictator took a new turn as hugo chavez asked if the monarch had advance knowledge of a coup .
most people with pacemakers or implanted defibrillators enjoy their ipods or other mp players just as much as anyone else , but a new study suggests they should be cautious about where they store the headphones .
officials also have identified kadir as a former mayor of a guyanese town .
this is a minor collapse , journalist clarens renois told cnn by telephone from port au prince .
once he had taken the set murray looked much more assured and will next play either france s sebastien grosjean or stanislas wawrinka of switzerland .
mr . clinton said he hoped to return to work within about a month .
german chancellor angela merkel welcomed the us proposal , saying it was common ground for action .
obama s rally was at the xcel energy center in st . paul , minnesota the same arena which will house the republican national convention in september .
lawyers representing the sudanese government did not offer opening statements or closing arguments or question any witnesses .
we simply ran out of time to find a qualified buyer or secure continued financing for our passenger business , said aloha president david banmiller in a statement .
at least people are said to have been hurt .
walker says he gave the decision a lot of thought .
the professor dismissed calls from conservatives for holding a national referendum on the matter .
rejoining the treaty is crucial , as it will allow iaea inspectors to return to north korea s nuclear sites .
federal authorities are offering help through the red cross , the civil defense and firefighters .
senate banking committee chairman christopher dodd says his panel is set to look into whether the money s being used to benefit taxpayers .
it kind of irritated me .
authorities said there was no indication of terrorism at , feet , meters and traveling at , mph , kph , times the speed of sound , the shuttle was out of range of any surface to air missile .
however , we have found that it is primarily a defensive behavior , she said .
the judge told simpson he must refrain from contacting any alleged victims , witnesses or co defendants in the case .
what , you were expecting a cutting edge twist , maybe something about a lonely postapocalyptic robot ?
lohan , , was arrested for investigation of misdemeanor driving under the influence and with a suspended license and felony cocaine possession after last month s pre dawn chase that ended in santa monica .
the account holders , as long as they are authorized , can proceed to the bank to withdraw or transfer the money , she said , without commenting further .
a sign posted on the glass enclosure asks onlookers not to stare at the apes . look away when an animal seeks to make contact with you , or take a step back , it says .
fernandez , of the center left peronist movement , made her plea for comity a day after massive demonstrations in various cities blocked traffic and paralyzed much of the country .
at least two turkish children have died , and correspondents say fear is spreading rapidly across the country .
although the building was largely abandoned , many protesters saw the demolition as part of a government plan to assert control over the enclave .
there are scattered success stories around sichuan province but as time goes on they will be fewer .
among those who went on trial on wednesday are kiln boss wang bingbing and foreman heng tinghan , state news agency xinhua said .
i respectfully ask that the media allow me to receive care and heal in private during this difficult time , the year old actor said in a statement released through publicist ina treciokas .
singer melissa etheridge also received the oscar for best original song , i need to wake up , which was written for the movie .
sars has killed more than people worldwide , including more than in mainland china . ex upon arriving home i discover the burglary .
however , he has now been released under conditions which restrict him from leaving the paris region , the associated press reported .
with their new all star trio of the year old garnett , paul pierce who turns in october and the year old ray allen , who was acquired in a draft day deal with seattle , the celtics should instantly join cleveland and detroit among the favorites in the east .
am i in heaven ?
the town s residents fought alongside the iraqi forces during the raid , helping them kill and capture the terrorists , a u . s . military news release said .
washington s blacklisting of a macau bank in september had led the north to a more than yearlong boycott of the six nation talks during which it tested its first nuclear bomb .
odinga s party had earlier insisted kibaki must resign before talks could take place .
president barack obama says us forces must disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al queda and the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan .
one of tv s favorite schoolgirls is starting to grapple with some growing pains , and so is her real life counterpart , year old jamie lynn spears , sister of that other spears .
police , medical professionals and those who know josef fritzl are beginning to piece together how he led a double life for more than two decades in small town austria .
the north s tirade was prompted by south korea s top officer saying last week that seoul could strike suspected north korean nuclear facilities if it had signs of an imminent atomic attack .
thursday night , iraqi television announcers read a two minute message from saddam that mocked u . s . claims that iraqis would welcome american invaders with open arms .
adams was a staunch opponent of slavery , and kept no slaves .
the north korean leader , kim jong il , had quietly passed by rail through the station as he returned from china before dawn some nine hours earlier .
the existing players are very good but we will have to bring more , good players . . . we need to add two more strikers , two more midfielders and then maybe some .
north korea and south korea are still technically at war , after the war , which left the korean peninsula divided , ended with an armistice .
the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . on friday . tokyo shares fell broadly , led by metals , real estate and insurance shares .
sean hoey was cleared thursday on more than charges relating to the bombing in the town of omagh that killed people and wounded more than as well as other bombings and murders in northern ireland .
a tracheotomy involves cutting a small opening into the neck and windpipe so air can flow directly into the lungs .
tv stations and newspapers said the deal included handing over fatah islam s wounded and dismantling the group .
washington submitted a formal request to seoul last weekend to hold additional talks to reflect the u . s . government s newly strengthened labor and environmental requirements .
while wholesale prices for gasoline are generally the same in europe as they are in the u . s . , schipper noted the , or a gallon europeans pay , thanks to the high tax .
the united states and the european union have lobbied hard for a route under the caspian sea to azerbaijan and turkey , bypassing russia .
so does beijing fear the power of cyberspace ?
a recent report from the u . n . s intergovernmental panel on climate change , made up of scientists from around the world , estimates the sea level rise by could be as much as feet .
the food and drug administration issued the alert saturday for melons from agropecuaria montelibano .
katmandu , nepal cnn nepal s governing coalition on sunday moved away from its long standing monarchy toward a republic , but the change will be implemented only after general elections slated to be held by next spring .
we ve got more people collecting unemployment checks than we ve ever had in history .
mexican health officials say the rate of swine flu infections is slowing , while the country slowly gets back up to speed .
last year , serbian and croatian fans clashed at the tournament , some using sticks and flag poles . police and private security guards ejected about spectators on the first day of the tournament .
maruca kovac described hawkins on cnn s anderson cooper wednesday night as kind of like a pound puppy that nobody wanted .
tampa bay hosts the white sox in the first game of the evening then , boston plays at anaheim .
his remarks came as seoul and washington reconfirmed on monday that they will seek a resumption of the denuclearization talks without north korea , if pyongyang continues boycotting the multilateral dialogue .
california prosecutors on friday announced animal cruelty charges against two former employees of the plant .
as a country , we are full of pride for his success . secretary of state condoleezza rice said on a personal note , as an african american , i am especially proud because this is a country that s been through long journey in overcoming wounds , and making race not the factor in our lives .
the constitution , last revised in , stipulates a single term presidency of five years .
and parents may have some concerns .
bhutto also is calling for a massive rally on friday , but a spokesman for musharraf s government warned that such a demonstration is outlawed under the emergency measures .
they should also be good internet citizens .
but china s un ambassador , wang guangya , said that sanctions against burma s military rulers would not be helpful .
and industrial plants may be able to use more sensitive emission scrubbers that screen even nano sized flecks of soot from waste gases .
the u . s . will not boycott the olympics , the white house has said , maintaining the games are about athletics , not politics .
north korea said sunday it will immediately resume work to disable its nuclear plants after the united states removed it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism .
both the us and japan had said they would consider a range of options including economic sanctions if a launch of the taeopdong missile went ahead .
university of maryland economist peter morici says the government may not have to may have to prod the banks to use the money to block clogged credits .
even when she s working undercover as a temp , her wardrobe remains firmly in the upper tax bracket .
this holy town has been a place of despair for the last two years .
she was also placed on months probation , is required to complete an month alcohol education program , pay hundreds of dollars in fines and must complete a three day county coroner program in which she ll visit a morgue and talk to victims of drunken drivers .
daniel miglio of southern new england telecommunications , cuts lamented painful but necessary job loss .
clinton also suggested some were trying to cover up sen . clinton s chances of winning in key states that democrats will have to win in the general election .
not that many americans know about it .
the five , who are believed to include four members of the same family , have applied for asylum , the south korean news agency , yonhap , said .
fox s wasn t quite as lucky on monday , the hollywood reporter reported .
in theory , by removing his patient s teeth ravaged by gum disease , we reduced the number of inflamed and infected sites in her mouth , which may reduce her overall inflammatory burden and thus reduce her risk for cardiovascular disease , said bouloux , an assistant professor at emory university in atlanta , georgia .
to stop another economic meltdown before it starts
early this month , the security council s sanctions committee drew up three separate lists of materials to facilitate the resolution nuclear , chemical and biological , and missile related materials .
earlier , obama s top strategist , david axelrod , called for clinton to sever ties with ferraro .
pope benedict xvi called for peace in the middle east and an end to the exploitation of children in the homily he delivered early thursday during the annual christmas eve midnight mass in st . peter s basilica .
now , i think i can do a better job obviously that s why i m here , said clinton , who promised she will do everything i possibly can to make sure that one of us takes the oath of office next january .
earlier , an iraqi interior ministry official said one person was killed and eight people were wounded in a suicide bomb attack targeting a u . s . military convoy in western baghdad .
south korea will not join a us led scheme to stop and search suspicious north korean ships , officials say .
that signals an increased willingness by banks to lend to each other , which eventually translates into lower borrowing costs for consumers .
but some policymakers , such as deputy governor rachel lomax , have warned about the dangers of an overreaction as consumers disposable incomes are already falling .
elections , originally set for mid january , had been suspended along with the country s constitution after musharraf declared a state of emergency on saturday .
the largest building is a boeing co . plant in washington .
new evacuation orders are being added frequently to the san diego office of emergency services web site .
he is also a former vice governor of the southwestern province of yunnan and a former vice mayor of beijing .
the most important tasks of a democracy are done by everyone .
later , mcqueen declined the lead in the french connection because he felt the part was too similar to the tough cop he d played in s bullitt .
police arrested baseball players and brokers who faked tests to dodge the military duty mandatory .
south korean foreign minister song min soon , after talks here with his u . s . counterpart , condoleezza rice , said they stressed north korea must promptly and correctly declare its nuclear stockpile , a key action under agreed six nation agreements .
so far microsoft has the lead on sony in the battle for high end video game machines , but it shipped only . million s by the end of june , compared with a target of about million , chief financial officer chris liddell said during a conference call with analysts on
we ve got to make sure that when we put people on the show , that they have personality , because i didn t know much more about them at the end than i did at the beginning .
he makes lots of mistakes , lucas said .
before the widespread assumption that mobile phones will become the primary means of accessing the internet , there are a couple of major obstacles .
up to the point where iran stops its nuclear program , he said .
one of the children found the corpses by chance when opening the freezer to look for food .
a japanese foreign ministry spokesman told the bbc that the tokyo government was very concerned about the situation .
do these companies need taxpayer subsidies to look for new product ? they don t need any incentive .
thank you , mark smith , live at the white house .
their luggage still had not arrived tuesday .
swiss fabian cancellara , who finished safely in the main pack , retained the leader s yellow jersey .
who roundly criticizes the organization , finance and delivery of health care and calls advances in the field deeply and unacceptably unequal , with many disadvantaged populations increasingly lagging behind or even losing ground .
nfl player ryan motes says he accepts the apology from a dallas police officer who stopped him at a hospital parking lot .
the museum was losing , a year .
the wounded were transported to area hospitals , at least one of them by helicopter .
korean ambassador kang sung zu told the pashtun tribal leaders from nangarhar province that korea will not let any more of its citizens or aid organizations enter afghanistan and aid organizations that are currently in the country would leave within a month , afghan tv station tolo reported .
gozer isn t aggressive and doesn t look mean or bark , jones insists people are afraid of the dog purely because it s big and black .
an iranian military source confirmed the report from iran s state run news channel .
duncan campbell is the economist who supervised the world employment report .
the package of measures unveiled yesterday involved a hike in ownership and capital gains taxes on owners of multiple homes and supplying more homes in southern seoul and its satellite cities .
officials of hamas , which runs the palestinian government , said they had agreed a truce with fatah , loyal to palestinian leader mahmoud abbas .
it raises questions about the sincerity of the military in pursuing what we will consider to be a genuine dialogue leading to national reconciliation .
the north now relies heavily on outside food aid to feed its million people .
on january , the u . s . government began requiring citizens of the united states , canada , mexico and bermuda to present a passport to enter the united states when arriving by air from any part of the western hemisphere .
the military said the incident took place northwest of a town called mukashlah , between samarra and tikrit .
with half of the results in , clinton was ahead of sen . barack obama by a margin of more than .
he told cnn he would like to play against tiger woods in the masters .
abu bakar ba asyir , found guilty in march of conspiracy over the bomb plot , was released in jakarta after serving months in prison .
asked by a british reporter if blair was the right person for bush to be dealing with now , given that he will leave office on june , bush said absolutely .
he waited in line with his year old grandmother for about eight hours friday in front of a san antonio at t store and left sunburned but grinning , shopping bag in hand .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the bust of caesar is in a class by itself .
law enforcement authorities have banned about korean and foreign lone star staff from leaving the country . some investigators raided the office in southern seoul thursday morning searching for evidence to prove the allegations .
prime minister lee hae chan said yesterday that japan has not reflected enough on the atrocities it committed during its colonial rule of the korean peninsula .
the government will provide health insurance coverage to those attempting suicide this year as the act is often done on impulse because of mental problems like depression or hypochondria .
they chose the final group of loya jirga members from among themselves .
the senate passed a bill friday night that would authorize up to million for rebuilding , and the measure was in the house on saturday .
met police commissioner sir ian blair said outside court that he was staying in his job despite calls for his resignation .
if confirmed they will be turkey s first cases outside the eastern region of van , about , km away .
he died in a hospital wednesday morning .
your professional relationships don t matter anymore
earlier the us said it had identified the new al qaeda head in iraq as abu ayyub al masri .
her attorney , donald lykkebak , argued the judge should not find probable cause for the attempted murder charge because it was based on the same incident as the original charges .
the white house denied the trip was a publicity visit ahead of a report about u . s . troop increases in iraq to be delivered by petraeus next week in washington .
but he praised obama , who cited springsteen as the person he would most like to meet in an interview with people magazine .
the director of u . s . intelligence warned tuesday of instability in nigeria amid concern that outgoing president olusegun obasanjo is manipulating the political process ahead of april s elections .
us state department spokesman tom casey said it was a very frank discussion of our concerns about the regime , about its behavior .
an inch of fresh snow in new york .
the white house has denied reports it s debating whether bush should announce plans now for a gradual pull out , to stem more defections .
he also called for an investigation into the karbala fighting .
a downing street spokesman confirmed prime minister gordon brown was aware of the operation at the palace .
ban blamed a host of causes for the soaring cost of food , including rising oil prices , the fall of the u . s . dollar and natural disasters .
the counterargument was equally convincing
u . s . military officials referred to the two attacks as suicide bombings , saying both women detonated the explosive devices .
chavez has cited the life of revolutionary socialist icon ernesto che guevara as an example of how to lead a more pure life .
the quake also badly damaged at least churches , monuments and historic buildings , with about one third completely destroyed , said the director of the national culture institute , cecilia bakula .
i am really glad to see rhino finally releasing a forgotten masterpiece , another fan said .
it noted that neither director marc forster , daniel craig nor any other cast members were at the location when the accident occurred .
luis moreno ocampo , investigating alleged crimes against humanity , says the killings include large scale massacres and hundreds of rapes .
german astronomers say they have discovered conclusive proof of a supermassive black hole at the heart of the galaxy .
the mayor s office advised people traveling downtown to take public transit .
he has heard threats from his colleagues calling him a dirty gay man , since .
the minute tape titled an invitation to reflection and repentance was released by as sahab , al qaeda s video production wing .
matt damon s family is expanding
a pakistani foreign office spokesman said pakistan will defend its territorial sovereignty and that he hoped karzai s comments were not the re initiation of the blame game by afghanistan .
he had been scheduled to play wimbledon champion pat cash at the liverpool international tournament this week .
an embattled former bank executive committed suicide by crashing his van after killing his wife , failing to asphyxiate their four children in a garage then slaying them individually , authorities in iowa said .
the fao said it will provide a historic chance to relaunch the fight against hunger and poverty and boost agricultural production in developing countries .
led backlit screen , under lbs . , half as thick as today s macbooks , , or even gb solid state flash drive , priced around , .
europe has shown greater urgency lately about pressing china for action to narrow its swelling trade surplus , an area where washington has long taken the lead in lobbying beijing .
it was the th goal of the season for the outstanding spanish midfielder and came after a searching run by alexander hleb who delayed his pass perfectly to play in fabregas , who easily beat jose reina from close in .
the soyuz fg rocket is scheduled to blast off from the central asian steppe on wednesday night to take malaysia s sheikh muszaphar shukor , peggy whitson of beaconsfield , iowa , and russian yuri malenchenko into orbit .
democratic hopeful john edwards reported earned income of . million , the biggest single source of which was a hedge fund that employed him part time .
the private tolo tv , which broadcast the video , did not say how it obtained the material .
spain s defense minister said it was a premeditated attack .
that means bipartisan extensions of unemployment insurance and health care coverage , a , tax cut for of working families .
vick s lawyer , lawrence woodward , requested a jury trial during the minute session .
only . percent of women aged or older were employed , compared to . percent of men .
authorities say they haven t interviewed the suspected gunman yet because he s in the hospital unconscious .
two texas psychiatrists drs . richard pesikoff and george s . leventon are expected to testify on nowak s behalf , the documents state .
khawaja mohammad siddiqi , the district governor of qara bagh , said the executed hostage had been very ill and could not be moved to hospital .
as if the hand of an invisible enemy were on the body s thermostat , offsetting hard won reductions of consumed calories .
none of the amin family attended , but jaffar amin has since watched a dvd of the film , which is a fictionalized version of idi amin s reign .
the north korean foreign minister paek nam sun is in malaysia , along with officials from the other five nations involved in multilateral dialogue with north korea over its disputed nuclear program .
and then he noticed us taking pictures and his happy demeanor diminished immediately .
the industrial output growth slowed to . percent year on year last month , the lowest rate in months since june when production increased . percent , the national statistical office nso reported yesterday .
according to the national emergency management agency , four mountain climbers died at about noon yesterday near the top of yonghyeolbong , a peak on mount bukhan in the city of goyang , gyeonggi .
turkish forces were shelling the guerrillas escape routes after the attack outside the southeastern province of sirnak , near turkey s border with northern iraq s kurdish territories , the military said in a statement issued after sunday s attack .
india s benchmark stock index dropped . percent in early trading and hong kong s market slid . percent by midday .
call the result qucks and duails
the ministry said the incident began around midday , when a convoy of sport utility vehicles came under fire from unidentified gunmen in the square .
its employees , of course , bought into it completely .
the colombian government blames moreno for the death of the father of president alvaro uribe , who took office in with a vow to crush the rebels .
the supporters had intended to go on to a buddhist pagoda in downtown yangon to pray for suu kyi s release , but were blocked by about supporters of the junta , leading to a tense standoff , witnesses said .
workers at hyundai , south korea s largest carmaker , have begun a four day series of stoppages in a row over pay .
this season s batch of ladies are displaying not so subtle signs of cattiness and ambition as they strut their stuff , size each other up and eyeball baldwin like a piece of all american man meat . they say things like , i m here to play the game .
congress voted to in favor of the bailout bill .
residents waded through waist deep water in parts of the city of million people , local television showed .
korean japanese war for name of the sea is getting hotter in the cyberspace .
the upcoming meeting will not be abe s first with bush .
funds distributed by the department of justice are too often earmarked according to their value to the re election of members of congress instead of their value to police , mccain said at the national sheriffs association s th annual conference in indianapolis , indiana .
she is doing it to protect her sense of respectability privately for the sake of her daughter and the memory of the maestro , publicly for her image and any future professional activity , bernini said .
olmert and abbas showed up to meet bush on tuesday morning without a joint statement , a senior state department official said .
that would have a devastating impact on the american economy .
weinberger focused on the internet celebrity in his keynote address at roflcon pronounced roffle con , a conference on internet culture held at mit .
getting into harvard university got tougher in as more students than ever applied to the ivy league school s undergraduate program , many drawn by an attractive financial aid offer .
bahrain has taken responsible steps to try to prevent future bank from abusing the country s financial system , levey said .
buoyed by and some solid holdovers , hollywood business soared , with the top movies taking in . million , up percent from the same weekend last year .
world number one justine henin is quitting professional tennis with immediate effect , she told a press conference in belgium on wednesday .
that s bryant thomas .
what i was told is that the owner of the home either suggested or agreed that they should go ahead and shoot the snake , and then everything happened from there .
but he noted that there had been signs of increased troop movement in the area in the last hours .
later saturday afternoon , musicians carried a black casket and signs reading don t let producers kill broadway during a march up times square .
in every room there is a sense of serenity , whether the children are practicing brush strokes for calligraphy , tumbling around in judo or gliding their little fingers over the harmounia , a type of piano used in music class .
security council resolution . seoul has not yet been informed of any u . s . plan to increase pressure on north korea , although it is possible washington will consider stepping up financial sanctions against pyongyang , a senior south korean official said yesterday .
that compared with . percent who said the same in and percent in .
since the deadly stabbing attack in early june , police have arrested several people for allegedly using the internet to make chillingly specific threats of violence .
according to le parisien daily , which commissioned the poll with news channel i tele , percent of respondents said they were most likely to vote for royal on april , up two points from last week , compared with percent for sarkozy , down five points .
an american convoy was the target , but us officials say there are no reports of any us casualties after a suicide car bomb attack in the northern iraqi city of mosul .
we must always accept responsibilities for the documents that are classified , harper said . the minister has immediately acknowledged the gravity of this mistake .
two of the u . s . soldiers charged with abusing prisoners at the abu ghraib prison in iraq faced initial hearings yesterday .
the seoul central district court ruled sunday that the insurance company was percent liable for the accident and must pay the parents million won in compensation .
seventeen were rescued or managed to escape , but the rest perished .
director lynn franco , of the conference board
after the shooting , police believe pardo set fire to the home .
roh s acceptance of the ruling eased concerns that the president might be set to collide head on with the constitutional court after he indirectly expressed dissatisfaction with its decision .
but they complain of tensions with the muslim majority and say they face discrimination , particularly in the job market .
castro reigned in havana with an iron hand , defying a punishing u . s . economic embargo designed to dislodge him .
but inmates of women s correctional colony no . are undeterred .
the number of people traveling overseas surpassed the two million mark in the first three months of this year .
synthetic resins refer to materials used to make vinyl and various kitchen containers .
tropical storm conditions , including sustained winds of more than mph , were forecast there monday night , the nhc said .
the education ministry confirmed its preliminary list of universities that will be allowed to open u . s . style law schools yesterday , resisting blue house pressure to evenly distribute legal education to institutions around the nation .
others died in falls while trying to clear the snow from their roofs .
it is the first time china has admitted injuring anyone since anti chinese protests in tibet began last week .
in addition to mendenhall in juneau , there are several alaska glaciers that are easy for tourists to drive and hike to , including portage glacier south of anchorage , matanuksa glacier near the glenn highway two hours east of anchorage , and exit glacier near seward .
says sullivan , , who works in marketing .
it comes with two slices of wheat snack bread , and we include a package of cheese and bbq sauce so they can feel like they are eating at mcdonald s .
women who were guards at the jail , accused of having sex with male inmates and giving them drugs or other contraband , such as cell phones and cigarettes .
the market is awaiting for signs about the future direction for monetary policy from comments by outgoing bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui expected later in the day .
the white house has dismissed the film as outrageously false .
the new government plans to spend approximately trillion won or about . billion over the next five years , with the objective of making korea the best english speaking country in asia within a decade , presidential transition team chairwoman lee kyung sook said wednesday .
armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in november .
police said anacondas are not uncommon in the region where the attack occurred , but attacks on people are rare .
the law stipulates that koreans will be fined up to million won or face imprisonment of up to one year if they visit a country that the government designates as dangerous , without prior authorization .
a career foreign service officer who has served five presidents , hill speaks polish , serbo croation , macedonian and albanian .
republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin has taken off the gloves .
to inspire residents to get going .
the indian navy says commandos carried to the ship by a helicopter captured of the pirates .
hong seok hyun , former south korean ambassador to the united states , was questioned by the prosecution over his alleged involvement in a political fund scandal .
the country s top general , yasar buyukanit , said the us opened northern iraqi airspace for the operation .
what do you think is hiding behind that ridge ?
the society for protection of animals abroad , another british charity , also funds a separate clinic for horses and mules which operates alongside the donkey facility .
a lack of genetic diversity in the fierce , fox like creatures has meant the animals immune system does not try to fight off the disease , spread through biting , according to a study by the university of sydney s school of veterinary science released last week .
nixon famously let down his guard , a moment depicted in in frost nixon , the new ron howard directed film starring frank langella as nixon and michael sheen as frost .
it is not known why whales get stranded .
el dorado , kansas cnn a body found in kansas appears to be that of a missing college student who led a secret life as an internet porn star , police said thursday .
with time and rain . . . we can get these fires suppressed , said ira jolley of the florida division of forestry .
an asteroid between mars and jupiter has been renamed takei in honor of the actor , best known for his role as hikaru sulu in the original star trek series and movies .
and there is no doubt space fashion is being taken seriously .
chief executive jerry yang said his firm had always been open with congress and that it was fully committed to protecting human rights .
something keeps drawing me back to new zealand .
speeches don t put food on the table . speeches don t fill up your tank or fill your prescription or do anything about that stack of bills that keeps you up at night , she said during a campaign stop thursday in youngstown , ohio .
a us soldier is said to be one of a half dozen people killed by a car bomb today in kabul , afghanistan .
east timor s governing party has given its backing to the country s embattled prime minister mari alkatiri , ignoring widespread calls for him to quit .
.
publicly , seoul is saying it doesn t know whether the north korean leader will go to the chinese capital .
images showed the boeing ba flight from beijing , china grounded on tarmac after touching down several hundred meters short of the airport s south runway , close to a perimeter road , with its emergency chutes deployed and white fire fighting foam covering the engines .
fortunately , this type of thing does not happen every day , but it does happen , and it is almost impossible to control because on easter island there are sites of great archaeological value everywhere and the park guards cannot prevent all such incidents , easter island government official liliana castro told the ap .
pulitzer prize winning cartoonist berkeley breathed is retiring , leaving a hole in the sunday funnies and the hearts of opus fans .
the statement followed unconfirmed reports that wolfowitz was trying to negotiate terms for his resignation .
florida and michigan were stripped of their delegates for scheduling their primaries too early , and clinton was the only top tier candidate whose name was on the ballot in michigan .
but now it appears that apple has solved that problem .
youtube sensation straight no chaser becomes hit
the government on monday decided to impose a percent capital gains tax on real estate transactions by households owning more than three homes from next month .
no one was reported to be in critical condition .
because anything posted on the web is available forever through an internet search , a rape survivor must consider how they would feel if that information were dredged up in the future , counselors said .
the dpp incumbent chen is in the third year of his second four year term , and is constitutionally barred from succeeding himself .
but a group of non governmental organizations monitoring the election released exit polling data monday that indicated the race possibly headed for a runoff vote .
the post said the united states told its asian allies that pyeongyang had exported nuclear material directly to libya . embassy in seoul yesterday disputed an article published by the washington post , which indicated the united states had misled asian allies about nuclear exports by north korea .
cate blanchett is in negotiations to star opposite harrison ford in the long awaited fourth installment of the indiana jones series , her publicist confirmed saturday .
though paramedics tried to revive him at his office and en route to lynchburg general hospital , those very timely and very efficient and effective efforts were unsuccessful , godwin said .
longyearbyen , norway cnn a vast underground vault storing millions of seeds from around the world is scheduled to open this week in a mountain on a remote island near the arctic ocean .
i m pretty lucky , the year old said after reclaiming the phone on a sunny afternoon .
the attack at the nahal oz border crossing happened after an intense barrage of mortar fire that led israeli troops to believe that either a kidnapping attempt or an effort to infiltrate israel was under way , an israel defense forces officer who didn t want to be named said .
the australian actor spoke at a press conference in sydney on wednesday where he unveiled minutes of completed film footage to fans .
by tradition , she s the one who runs this room mansion .
despite the likely operating loss , toyota expects to post a million net profit for the fiscal year .
robben , who only played half of the
it will also make clear why that new product your team has designed might not be launched , despite its sensational showing in test markets .
i think she was kind and sweet , not like a terminator , not like sigourney weaver in aliens said igor cherski from maxim magazine but i feel that she was not afraid of anything , there was no fear in her eyes .
florida s governor has decided not to run for re election .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
atlanta , georgia cnn massage , that art of laying on hands , has been around for a while and has seen some changes through the years .
under the north korean penal code , leaving the country without state permission can be considered an act of treason , punishable by heavy penalties including imprisonment and forced labor , said kay seok of seoul s human rights watch .
three rounds of six party talks were held in beijing , but ended without a breakthrough .
looming over the campaign was the drive for independence by the serbian province of kosovo , which has been under u . n . administration and policed by nato peacekeepers since .
but a day earlier , the dow jones industrial average and the broader s p index both lost about percent .
trying to settle a rancorous divide in the largest opposition party , kang has devised a system that guarantees that the views of the party faithful and the general public are given equal weight in choosing a candidate .
news that the women might be released came over the weekend after a taliban spokesman said the militant group would free them as a gesture of goodwill , and without any condition or return .
french open champion henin , aiming to win wimbledon to complete her collection of grand slam titles , will next play eighth seed marion bartoli of france who thrashed russian fourth seed elena dementieva in minutes .
a year later , fitzgerald brought eight criminal fraud charges against black , and a warrant was issued for his
on wall street , the dow , after a rocky start , is down points .
cnn a magnitude . earthquake hit the pacific ocean off the northern philippines sunday morning and was felt as far as southeastern taiwan , the u . s . geological survey reported .
mass rallies were staged across the us as immigrants boycotted work or school and avoided spending money to show how much immigrants matter to the economy .
yousuf earlier had said insurgents would start killing the hostages if south korea did not agree to withdraw its military engineers and medics by gmt on sunday and the afghan government did not free taliban prisoners .
can any of this be true ?
bricks and other salvaged materials were carried away in baskets slung across the backs of donkeys .
the paparazzi swarming france s cote d azur can t find brad pitt and angelina jolie .
but wednesday night , the government sent a letter to union heads saying it would be willing to discuss all other issues and negotiate sector by sector to arrange a return to work .
critics fear the new rule will be an inconvenience for business travelers and the british foreign office is concerned that travelers who have not heard about the new rules may be caught out .
for years now , ever since the conflict in former yugoslavia broke out , the icrc has strived to support the plea of the families of missing persons , hoping to bring about more answers on the fate of their beloved , paul henri arni , the head of
the stoves burn percent less firewood .
all ba short haul flights from heathrow have been cancelled and others delayed .
the interior minister has control of palestinian security forces .
this material may not be published .
the tape was subtitled in english , and an arabic transcript was released .
they will return home after south korea sends the new dispatch .
the new ceo will replace yahoo !
the election result has also raised questions for the u . s . which considers musharraf an ally in its war on terror .
dr . david dodson , an expert on men s health at the marino center in wellesley , massachusetts , recommends that healthy men under get a regular checkup every months . after , he suggests , men should see their doctors annually .
the american journalist convicted of spying in iran is on a hunger strike , protesting her imprisonment .
protesters surrounded the parliament building on monday , forcing lawmakers to postpone their session .
treasury secretary timothy geithner could reveal a plan as early as monday on what to do with the so called toxic assets being held by banks and financial institutions .
since then , the protein has become one of the most important tools in contemporary bioscience , the foundation said .
survivor bill elkins tells the cbs early show , he thanked the guy
it seems to be a relative of south american horned frogs , known scientifically as ceratophrys .
zhmarjova said the case had been sent to the courts and it was impossible to say how long it would be before judges could indict meri or to estimate the length of the process .
lima , peru a fiery meteorite crashed into southern peru over the weekend , experts confirmed wednesday .
the wave of deportations meri was alleged to have assisted came during a soviet drive to collectivize estonian agriculture . many of the victims were well off landowners whose farms were seized .
djokovic s first grand slam victory gave his country its first major triumph , but he had to battle all the way against surprise package tsonga who enjoyed the support of the crowd .
cnn the risk of being jolted by , volts of electricity hasn t scared them off . neither have fears of falling off the speeding electric trains .
madrid , spain cnn a spaniard who went on television to beg his estranged girlfriend to marry him getting down on his knees , crying and offering an engagement ring , only to be rejected is now a suspect in her stabbing death , officials said wednesday .
parker and longoria were married in a civil ceremony july in paris .
provincial police chief ghulam nabi identified the taliban leader targeted in the airstrike early on wednesday as mullah manan .
millionaire balloonist steve fossett hit turbulence over the andes mountains that forced him to put on his parachute , but he maneuvered through it and passed the halfway point in his bid to become the first person to make a solo balloon flight around the world .
the national news agency , bernama , said the directive was issued by the municipal council of kota baru and is aimed toward muslim women working in restaurants and other businesses in the city .
he is expected to be released tomorrow , said karan singh , one of dutt s lawyers .
one solution , envisaged by dr james levine of the mayo clinic in minneapolis , is for us to burn more calories at work .
china has signed an . billion . billion deal for commercial planes from airbus , a spokeswoman for the european aerospace giant has told cnn .
by , they said , two thirds of the students had above average scores , percent more than in .
top envoys to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear programs on sunday announced a three week recess after days of inconclusive meetings which reached an impasse over pyongyang s hope to possess peaceful nuclear programs , according to the korea times correspondent in beijing .
in prizren , wander the banks of the river bistrica , which winds through the town , and haggle with the merchants selling hand crafted silver jewelry and embroidered cloth .
but on a visit to kyoto mr kim told reporters , i protest to the governments of japan and south korea for ignoring my rights .
its fighters have been staging attacks against turkey in the country s southeast and from the kurdish region of neighboring iraq .
north korea rejected that provision .
consumers are bombarded with warnings about identity theft .
a statement read to reporters by a north korean official in beijing criticized washington for refusing to discuss an aid package until pyongyang pledges to eliminate the program .
cnn efraim diveroli s father hoped his son would become a doctor or lawyer .
they were in a collapsed building that dates back to the th century , the end of the byzantine period .
police are still holding aitzaz shah , , and sher zaman , who were detained last month in dera ismail khan in pakistan s north west frontier province .
but that s just for starters .
as a boss , i ll protect others by taking blame .
according to a cnn count of pentagon figures , u . s . service members have died so far in .
the huge disparity highlights how japan s export driven economy is faring against the decline of worldwide consumer demand .
lee will take over from roh moo hun , who had promised reform and clean governance .
a tornado spun off the storm in zhejiang s manufacturing hub of wenzhou , which produces everything from shoes to cigarette lighters , killing several people .
the ministry on wednesday released the files as part of a four year project to transfer all of the ufo documents to the national archives to make them available to curious members of the public .
a compromise statement approved thursday by all u . n . security council members including close myanmar ally china emphasized the importance of the early release of all political prisoners and remaining detainees .
and the image of tokyo at night looks like a giant electrical circuit board
we should be able to start a long and complex process for working out with the dprk the modalities of shutting down the installation at yongbyon , mohamed elbaradei , head of the iaea , said , using the official acronym of north korea .
life imitates art as truman syndrome diagnosed
that came from wtvm tv .
cnn how do you know when you ve crossed from a rough patch into a burnout ?
abdullah mehsud , , who spent more than years in the guantanamo bay prison camp before his release a year ago , was second in command of a pakistani taliban group headed by baitullah mehsud .
neither candidate is close to the , needed to win the democratic nomination .
china is urging kim jong il to ease off hard line stance toward the u . s .
i knew when it happened that that s probably who it was , giovanni said , referring to her former pupil . i would have been shocked if it wasn t .
officials in small boats steered about whales that were part of the same pod as those stranded away from the bay where they went ashore .
biologists and technologists at the university of california , berkeley have spent the past four years called the micromechanical flying insect , that they say will one day fly like a fly .
bush called on tehran to suspend nuclear enrichment that it says is for civilian purposes but that the u . s . leader says could covertly be converted for military use .
the worst financial crisis in decades is slowing china s industrial boom , officials said monday , as gloomy news from other nations deepened worries about a global recession .
opposition leader raila odinga called for three days of demonstrations that began wednesday .
in comments to dhs , the air transport association said the proposed rule is unjustifiable and should be terminated .
it was couch s second flight .
they caught him red handed
about , personnel , including national guard members , are using fire engines and helicopters to fight the blazes .
one marcher , iraqi lawmaker nassar al rubaie , told the ap , the enemy that is occupying our country is now targeting the dignity of the iraqi people .
eu regulators said the company charged unreasonable prices until last october to software developers who wanted to make products compatible with the windows desktop operating system .
until these inquiries are complete , until the oversights finished , i will be rendering no opinion from the podium , bush said .
in interviews with the associated press over the weekend , the cast answered that question unanimously it doesn t .
loan sharks are a growing menace in other parts of economically struggling asia as well .
university of chicago psychiatrist sharon hirsch said exposure to online pornography could lead kids to become sexually active too soon , or could put them at risk for being victimized by sexual predators if they visit sites that prey on children .
japan is the most threatened country to korea .
top it up with water and you have a bubbly , lime colored and flavored drink with just percent alcohol content .
the region was once divided into various rebel fiefdoms , but united with the rest of the country after a power sharing deal ended the country s war .
the red cross says up to , people are homeless after a tsunami triggered by an earthquake swept through the western solomon islands .
president george w . bush to be held as early as possible , the presidential office said wednesday .
in his admission at a press conference in malaysia on tuesday , chua said the woman was a personal friend but did not elaborate .
but it linked progress on the deal to the return of m m of its money frozen in a macau bank .
medics believe as many as people died at un offices and government buildings when the devices went off on tuesday morning .
the spokeswoman confirmed both men were u . s . citizens , but said she did not know where they were from .
many among the dozens of monks came away with cuts and bruises , said police spokesman mickey rosenfeld .
spears calls rehab a very humbling place and denies that it was alcohol or depression that sent her there .
but they were surprised that bank officials who sold the flat after the foreclosure never bothered to go in and examine it , the police official said .
prime minister shinzo abe will travel the united states april and hold meetings with u . s . president george w . bush at camp david before traveling to the middle east , chief cabinet secretary yasuhisa shiozaki announced wednesday .
pornographic internet content came under fire from the government yesterday with the unveiling of a plan to block more foreign sex oriented web sites and increase penalties on those who post obscene material to local portals .
dislocations caused by redevelopment and new town developments have caused large numbers of people to seek new places to live .
he was a significant , senior al qaeda figure who had taken on a more prominent role in the organization in recent years , and was responsible for plotting attacks , some of which targeted u . s . and coalition forces as well as afghan officials , a u . s . counterterrorism official told cnn .
coulombier explained that the same tiny sensors that measure air pressure and altitude in an airplane or satellite are also in the artificial heart .
the latest confrontation is said to have started on tuesday when security forces encircled the mosque with barriers .
that s the kind of urgency and determination that we need to achieve what i believe will be historic legislation .
powell was quickly into the lead but gay overtook his man in the last meters with the bahamas derrick atkins claiming silver in . . it was a big disappointment for powell , who faded to finish in . .
a hamas spokesman said that would spell the end for the palestinian cause .
ulsan s top policeman made a public apology yesterday for his agency s handling of an alleged gang rape of a group of middle school girls by high school boys .
the issue has split australians over the merits of killing kangaroos to protect rare lizards and insects that share their grassy habitat .
local villagers have known about it for years although none had seen it in flower until last year .
obama may reverse bush policies on stem cells , drilling , abortion
they can also encourage youngsters to read and write more and that s saying a lot .
peer and klepac played before about spectators . despite the empty stands , peer was pleased with the reception .
british prime minister gordon brown has said the number of uk troops in iraq will fall from the current level of , to , by next spring .
the co worker will turn on january , fitzgibbons said .
kim hyong o of the grand national party gnp said the era of a regulatory press policy will be removed by the next administration .
the political parties who are trying to broker a power sharing arrangement were able to outline a joint proposal that had been largely agreed on the governance structure , according to a statement released to cnn .
two more people died on martinique , the associated press reported , citing local authorities .
power outages hit households , and some regions also had water cut off by landslides .
according to its web site , second life is inhabited by millions of residents from around the globe .
one is beginning a fight not violent , but active , very active .
the company s brand , uniqlo , is now such a sensation in japan that plans are in the works to open a string of stores in london , where the principal competitor will be the gap .
it will be several days before all the power is back on in kentucky and other states slammed by a crippling winter storm that is responsible for more than deaths .
it s the ice cracking inside the icebergs . if we re lucky we might see one break apart .
pundits expect sarkozy to soften his image in pushing an agenda based on free market ideas . most believe royal will try to convince middle of the road voters she has the ability to salvage france s economic system while promising to safeguard the country s social model .
analyst john mcelroy says that if the government doesn t help , things don t look good for the big u . s . automakers .
ian mcfarlane , who said he had class with cho , called the plays very graphic and extremely disturbing .
one man showed up at a federal building , asking for release from the reality show he was sure was being made of his life .
hank greenberg tells the cbs early show there were no personal contracts when he ran the company , and that bonuses were based on performance .
us tv networks showed pictures from a video apparently made by the islamic state of iraq , an umbrella group which says it has the two soldiers .
an article in today s jerusalem post about the president s position on iran that quotes unnamed sources quoting unnamed sources is not worth the paper it s written on , the white house said in a statement hours after the israeli newspaper published the report on its web site .
it appears to be domestic related .
us president george w bush a close ally of howard was among the world leaders to congratulate rudd on his election victory .
chelsea manager jose mourinho was magnanimous in defeat , but also praised the way his side had gone done fighting .
and we are confident in principles that unite and lead us onward .
united auto workers president ron gettelfinger tells nbc s today show workers should not be held responsible for their bosses mistakes .
a really special year for me , said shin , who isn t even a full fledged member of the lpga tour yet
blue chip stock prices rose , with the dow jones industrial average jumping . points to , . .
but you know there s going to be a lot of people outside waiting .
police are expected to be out in force tonight .
the decision by the investment arm of the abu dhabi government to pump . billion into citigroup has raised hopes u . s . banks , despite losses from the subprime mortgage market implosion , can still raise funds , arai said . so there s a feeling in the markets that a credit crunch could be averted .
the report also showed an increase in the number of attempted suicides and self injuries some , in compared to less than , the previous year and less than in .
eventually this practice is going to get us in trouble , warned virologist richard marsh of the university of wisconsin .
the average income of certified professionals , technicians and administrators including legislators were higher than those of the occupational groups classified by the nso .
experts from the zoological society of london zsl set up special hidden cameras in liberia s only national park and the first images of the wild pygmy hippos were recorded within the first three days .
let s see what s going on on wall street by going live to the new york stock exchange and the ap s warren levinson
naomi campbell has been charged with assaulting two police officers during a luggage rage incident at heathrow airport , her lawyer and prosecutors said thursday .
the u . n . general assembly approved tripoli s candidacy for a spot on the member council with votes .
obama became his party s presumptive nominee tuesday and will be looking to unite democrats divided by the long and contentious primary season .
hopes of greater plurality in parliament had been based on nazarbayev s desire for kazakhstan to chair the osce , a member democracy , rights and security body , in .
the foreign ministry on wednesday summoned japan s top envoy to seoul to demand tokyo immediately delete its claim of sovereignty over the tokto islets from school textbooks .
it was the backdrop of the italians struggle for independence in the s .
we sent information to great britain before the terrorist atrocities in britain , but unfortunately no action was taken and it may have been able to avert the tragedy , the monarch told the bbc .
it just blew my mind , says albert stunkard , a university of pennsylvania professor who has been studying obesity since the s .
gerry and kate mccann have repeatedly dismissed the suggestion .
so i have to prove myself , i guess .
in unusually blunt remarks in a special u . n . security council session , ban said he was deeply concerned at the uncertainty created by the failure to release the results of the march elections .
so i had two choices either a foreign run travel agency in afghanistan , spending upward of , a day , or i could hire a driver for a third of the cost .
transformers , the dreamworks paramount sci fi tale that was the previous weekend s no . movie , slipped to second place with million , lifting its total to million .
they were honored for a technique called gene targeting , which lets scientists inactivate or modify particular genes in mice .
with the weak dollar , transatlantic carriers have been full to the brim with leisure and business travelers keen to take advantage of favorable exchange rates .
one document contains details of royal tourist , an fbi investigation into peter lee , a trw inc . employee who pleaded guilty to spying for china in .
people contract yellow fever from the bite of an infected mosquito . the disease causes fever , muscle pain , headaches , shivering , nausea and vomiting , the world health organization says .
bhutto told cnn international that the decision to return to larkana , her ancestral village , was a very big dilemma .
but french opinion polls have proved unreliable in past presidential elections , notably in when far right leader jean marie le pen stunned the country by reaching the second round run off .
former world no . carlos moya of spain and argentine pair juan ignacio chela and juan monaco are among the first players to withdraw from wimbledon due to injuries .
in new orleans , new york police helping with the aftermath of hurricane katrina held their own ceremony .
he must undergo a period of rest while the situation is monitored in the next few days .
but i am certain the number is high enough to be distressing , he told reporters wednesday after a day fact finding mission , calling on the military to thoroughly investigate and denounce the killings .
there is nothing else like it , said singer aaron neville , whose performance at the festival this year is his first gig in his hometown since katrina hit .
they really did not want to let fans down this way as the uk was a planned highlight of the tour .
a growing number of lawmakers are calling for the withdrawal of korean troops from iraq amid expectations that the united states may change its iraq policy after the republican party lost in the mid term elections .
china hopes the growth of jobs will then cool down the protests .
in just a short while , president elect barack obama begins a symbolic journey to his inauguration
the internet can be a great tool , said sara black , a professor of health studies at st . joseph s university who takes a particular interest in online bullying . like any tool , it can also be misused .
since i stepped on the carpet , the carpet just shot out , my leg just kept goin and my other one was still on the bench , and i felt the pull right away , and i was hoping that it would just , go away .
i have faith that we are going to convince the immense majority of venezuelans of the necessity and the immediate benefits that this is going to bring the country , chavez said in a televised interview .
after jeong told the police she got the list at chung s primary campaign headquarters , the police expanded their investigation into the presidential hopeful s campaign .
no matter how hard microsoft works to persuade people to embrace vista , some just can t be wowed .
condi rice has been actively , actually in recent weeks , campaigning for this , senor , a former bush administration official said .
in a chapter titled you have to know the jews to see the u . s . , rhie takes a wide ranging look at jewish history , mentioning the holocaust and jews being spread throughout the world without a homeland .
he had taken psychological tests and his behavior so far had not raised any worries , lombardi said .
about cabinet ministers and top south korean businessmen were accompanying roh .
the united states has refused to ratify the landmark kyoto protocol requiring industrialized countries to reduce greenhouse gases to levels by .
the sabhnanis spent nearly three months in jail until a judge approved a bail package that required them to post . million and pay an estimated , a day for security monitoring while they were kept under house arrest .
after ending the first day of talks , hill said he had a useful discussion and that he hoped to see the multilateral talks resume this month .
the talks between the generals are the highest level military dialogue between the two koreas , who have not signed a peace treaty since the korean war and remain technically at war .
the egyptian team is still digging and is two weeks from entering the burial chamber inside the pyramid , where hawass hopes they will find proof of its owner
the polls had margins of error of plus or minus . percentage points for pennsylvania and . percentage points for ohio and florida .
two of the men are aged , one is , another is years old and a fifth is years old , according to the press association .
prosecutors had initially recommended that all four defendants serve to years in prison .
what they re not clear on is whether or not that had anything to do with the crash or the helicopter was experiencing mechanical difficulties and on a on its way down and hit the guide wire .
i cannot imagine why this lack of experience was not made public months ago and acted on then before time and effort was wasted , the statement said .
a protestant from boston , winters spent months behind bars
penev replaces hristo stoichkov , who quit in april to take charge of spain s celta vigo . levski sofia s stanimir stoilov was appointed caretaker for the qualifiers against belarus last month .
the gnp also vowed to demand a parliamentary inspection and a special probe into the scandals surrounding president roh moo hyun s former aides byeon yang kyoon and jeong yoon jae , should current investigations appear insufficient .
romney leads with the backing of percent of likely republican caucus goers and huckabee has percent .
senior hurricane specialist stacy stewart at the national hurricane center says the remnants could bring heavy rain , even snow to the southwest u . s .
firstborns tend to be smaller than subsequent children because the uterus is smaller and tighter in first time moms .
in congress , controlled by fernandez s forces , applauded as the year old leader took her oath .
the south korean government has been stepping up efforts to persuade its citizens to refrain from visiting iraq , especially after kim sun il , a civilian worker , was kidnapped and killed by islamic militants in the middle eastern country in june .
myanmar currently receives around per person in aid one of the lowest rates worldwide .
uh , this baby was also on the ventilator in the beginning , but i was able to take the breathing tube out last night .
this material may not be published .
roh s remarks came amid signs of an internal feud within the ruling party as not a few lawmakers raised their voices against his coalition proposal , which proponents say is a way of defeating the deep rooted regional animosity that largely characterizes the nation s divisive politics .
sharif said he would return to pakistan on september , following the pakistani supreme court s decision last week to lift the exile order imposed on him following the coup .
wins in texas and ohio alone would give him more than the , delegates needed to claim the gop nomination , and workers at mccain s texas headquarters had a sign with the magic number ready to be unveiled after the last polls close at p . m . et .
included in lee s plan is the overhaul of english language education in korea .
his name , might as well be clark griswold
that time , kasparov was fined for participating in the rally .
the cato institute s mike tanner was watching viewers react to the second presidential debate in real time .
the two time mvp acknowledged his leg is still not percent , but he ll start at third base for the american league on tuesday night in san francisco .
hundreds of truck drivers parked their rigs on roadways in london and in other cities across britain on tuesday to protest a more than percent increase in the price of diesel fuel in the past year .
in the first three counts to finish , the provincial assembly seat in baluchistan went to the pakistan people s party the party of assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto while two independent candidates won seats from the northern tribal areas , said chief election commissioner qazi muhammad farooq .
if you re overweight , reduce calories and work toward your ideal body weight
second seed jelena jankovic of serbia routed france s virginia ruano pascual to set up a quarterfinal clash with akiko morigami .
during his stop in israel , most officials including prime minister ehud olmert refused to meet with carter , angry over his insistence that israel should talk to hamas , which is considered a terrorist organization by israel , the united states and the european union .
the bbc reports up to protesters are reported to have died in the chinese crackdown .
feeley told the new york post that she was not treated well after her august , , arrest in manhattan s lower east side section .
austin , texas cnn john cho thinks he has a cult following now as harold in the harold kumar movies he ain t seen nothing yet .
i have been on television for years , she said . i think it s time . i figured if we haven t got it by now , we re not going to get it .
images of the armed cho , wearing black gloves and dressed in a khaki vest have been burned on the public consciousness , as has his screed of hateful words targeting the wealthy and privileged .
prodi vowed to withdraw italy s nearly , troops from iraq by the end of .
the north has insisted that the south should not meddle inthe nuclear standoff , calling it a dispute with the united states , according to south korean news reports from pyongyang .
praia da luz , portugal cnn the portuguese prosecutor tuesday gave a judge the files on the case of madeleine mccann , the missing british girl who vanished in portugal more than four months ago , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor s office said .
donor nations have insisted that immediate relief needs have yet to be met , with the united nations saying it will take at least another six months .
the decision takes effect with the tournament .
seoul has praised the six party agreement at beijing s talks in september , where the stalinist state declared to abandon its nuclear weapons , as the triumph of south korean diplomacy .
one of the rarest and most touching of the collection is a passionate letter written by an apologetic napoleon to his wife to be , josephine , the morning after a furious argument .
and if you look at it , don t take it too seriously .
tokyo high court upheld the sentence in , and the supreme court followed suit on january this year .
rodeo champ ty murray was voted off last night .
the masche sextuplets three boys and three girls were almost weeks premature , and all but one weighed less than three pounds .
that sea level rise is only based on melt from ice sheets , and does not include a new fast flow of ice we have detected in greenland that is generating additional icebergs , said dr . konrad steffen , a climate scientist with the university of colorado .
the ap s matty friedman reports from jerusalem
the two new planets were found using a inch telescope at the university of california s lick observatory .
the trader is an employee from fimat , a subsidiary of societe generale , the prosecutor s office said . kerviel , who traded european index futures
yeah , and the sellout continues here .
by mid august , the a already had visited more than airports worldwide , and more than airports will be ready for the plane by , it said .
the photograph was accompanied by a caption suggesting stony faced kate was about to scold william after he was pictured with other women in night clubs .
james parents added that their son , an intelligent young man of sound mind , had never come to terms with his condition and was not prepared to live what he felt was a second class existence .
kennedy space center , florida cnn the space shuttle endeavour came home a day early on tuesday after nasa decided to cut short its mission in case hurricane dean shut down johnson space center , which directs the shuttle s re entry and landing .
nepal s maoist rebels ambushed an army patrol in the east of the country sunday , killing soldiers in the latest outbreak of violence in the revolt torn himalayan kingdom .
because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin .
the men agreed to share power february under mounting pressure from leaders in africa and beyond , including the united states , which issued veiled threats about its future relationship with kenya s leaders .
wellington , new zealand cnn sir edmund hillary , the unassuming beekeeper who conquered mount everest to win renown as one of the th century s greatest adventurers , has died , new zealand prime minister helen clark announced friday .
many of those seeking asylum brave treacherous boat trips across the gulf of aden .
david beckham was dressed in a black jacket and jeans .
thus it was during my extensive reading for my latest book , watching the tree , that i read the work of li hong zhi , founder of falun gong .
i want to work , but i can t really because then who will stay with my husband ?
the hang seng index may drop to , to , points this week .
insurgents in southern iraq have been using deadlier bombs to attack british armored vehicles in recent weeks .
a limited trade deal has been reached in hong kong after developing countries approved a european union offer to end farm export subsidies by .
although the truck that benazir bhutto was riding on was surrounded by police cars so the suicide bomber could not get onto the truck and could not get anywhere near it , so he blew himself up and that has caused many casualties , mostly among the policemen who were riding beside the truck .
aides said michelle obama s new speeches will include more details about her family and humble upbringing on chicago s southside .

they call him sully and on the side , he s a safety consultant who has studied the psychology of keeping airline crews functioning in a crisis .
opposition group leader and former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim put the number much higher , claiming more than , people had gathered in the streets .
the dollar recovered slightly to finish at . won , after the central bank intervened to try and ease the rise of the korean currency .
the year old s parents were taken to an orlando hospital , and her brother , , was transferred to a cincinnati , ohio , burn center , cohen said .
the unwto predicts the situation will get worse before it gets better .
entertainer of the year is the cma s top award and is influenced by tour success as well as by album sales , hit songs and other achievements .
the film gives a curt treatment of this issue in a scene where deng meets with government officials behind closed doors about the necessity of stamping out the student movement .
each host is sure to be stoked after having been sidelined since the writers strike began eight weeks ago .
nazi germany and the jews , .
the launch also comes just a month after china demonstrated its ability to shoot satellites out of orbit with ground based missiles .
representatives for two north korean trading houses last week took , out in cash , part of the blacklisted million from the banco delta asia , japan s influential asahi shimbun reported , citing unnamed sources .
i categorically reject any allegation that iran has had before , has now and will have such a program because a nuclear weapon is not in our defense decree , soltanieh said .
but chavez accused the network of helping to incite a failed coup in , violating broadcast laws and poisoning venezuelans with programming that promoted capitalism .
this week , we take an in depth look at the life and times of beckham , as cnn s very own becks , becky anderson , sets out to examine what makes the man tick as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomenon .
citi economists also expect many major central banks to ease policy in the coming months , including another interest rate cut of basis points from the federal reserve .
the storm system hit northern arkansas thursday morning .
education is the message of the day for president barack obama , who s spending the th of his first days on the job .
i extend my hand in peace to mahmoud abbas , the elected president of the palestinian authority , olmert said in a keynote speech to the us congress .
responding to international press speculation that washington s patience has run out over the drawn out north korea nuclear disarmament talks , u . s . president george w . bush said no deadline has been set to conclude the talks have failed .
with some affiliates , samsung accounts for nearly a quarter of south korea s exports and has samsung electronics company , the world s largest maker of computer memory chips , under its wing .
the military trial of a us army dog handler accused of abusing inmates at iraq s abu ghraib prison in and has opened with jury selection .
and i want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country , he told reporters after an appearance announcing his candidacy on nbc s meet the press .
at least people have been killed in a fourth day of gun battles in the gaza strip between the rival palestinian factions , fatah and hamas .
having collected many dangerous enemies including leotardo , christopher was widely expected by sopranos fans to meet a violent demise by the series end .
the two men , brighton born giles lane , who lives in leeds in britain , and australian benjamin potts , boarded the yushin maru vessel on tuesday to deliver a petition .
kibaki s party members arrived hours before the session began , in part to prevent odinga s orange democratic movement members from taking their benches .
tools for resolving broken promises , violated expectations and bad behavior .
red eared turtles attack chenggye sewer stream .
oil rig workers in the gulf of mexico were evacuated to galveston , texas , on sunday as a precaution .
and attempting to reassure investors .
more than lebanese have died since clashes with israel began on wednesday .
an interior ministry spokeswoman confirmed the government was looking at including a stop and question power in the new legislation . we are considering a range of powers for the bill and stop and question is one of them , she said .
zebari said iraq did not want to see any further turkish air strikes on its territory because they might lead to a galvanization of the situation and the rise of tension and emotions in the region .
following the weakening of the u . s . dollar and speculation that asian central banks may diversify their holdings out of the currency , park seung , the governor of the bank of korea , said the country will not shift its foreign currency reserves out of the dollar for now , yonhap news agency reported yesterday .
dainton returned to england after the accident .
felix hit aruba , curacao and bonaire with heavy winds and rain , causing power outages over the weekend . thousands of tourists took shelter in hotels , the associated press reported .
the government will communicate with the media only through press releases and official briefings .
the blow is likely to renew credit fears and turn up the heat on merrill lynch chief executive stanley o neal .
here s something new from hollywood s king of green , leonardo dicaprio there is hope for a brighter future .
the latest diplomatic efforts to dissuade the north from a test came yesterday , when shinzo abe , japan s new prime minister , met president hu jintao of china .
she told reporters sunday that she made the decision in order not to become a political burden to president lee .
the accord for the south koreans release came during one of the bloodiest periods of the taliban s war against u . s . and nato forces since the taliban regime was toppled in late after the september attacks on the united states .
drinking a moderate amount of any alcoholic beverage
it s affecting the business pretty bad , because as gas prices are higher , the rates of the cabs are higher . and the customers are complaining , a cab driver said .
members of parliament arrived in armored convoys , traveling under the protection of security details .
they had then been packed into an airtight container on a truck for the journey to the resort island of phuket .
the perception that disability equals inability to be responsible is totally wrong , he added
rome , italy cnn troubled italian airline alitalia got an emergency short term loan of million euros million from the italian government tuesday , a government official told cnn .
knut and his brother were rejected by their mother at birth .
just as i feel loyal to sen . clinton , others feel loyal to sen . obama and we re in the same party and it makes it very difficult .
i m optimistic that we will leave the summit . . . with more troop commitments , which is necessary in afghanistan , scheffer told cnn from bucharest , romania , where the summit is being held .
the supreme prosecutors office said it will file a third request for the warrants very soon with more evidence related to irregularities surrounding the texas based private equity fund s purchase of the korea exchange bank keb in .
there is widespread support for an asian to take over the leadership , in line with a un tradition of rotating the job on a geographic basis .
we re going with a fully loaded plane into washington and new york and hope to optimize all the opportunities .
several bodies were also found in the same location , where the shooting is believed to have begun , they added .
pyongyang agreed on monday to dismantle its nuclear program in return for aid and security guarantees , following six nation talks .
foreign hiv experts say the infections started before the workers arrived at the hospital and are more likely a result of poor hygiene .
according to the washington post , snow makes , as the white house spokesman .
he held the top ranking for a total of weeks from to but has not won a grand slam title since and has slipped to st in the world .
apple inc . s highly anticipated iphone will be available june in the u . s . , according to tv commercials broadcast sunday and posted on the company s web site .
on the democratic side , hillary clinton , barack obama and john edwards have been at the top .
ex we must try to curtail our spending .
we solemnly state that we cannot accept this route , tsai chen wai , chairman of taiwan s national olympic committee , told a news conference .
but the official , indicating the south s reluctance to provide the north with badly needed supplies , said that a draft agreement between the two sides does not specifically mention rice and fertilizer aid .
our marriage produced two wonderful children , maureen and michael , but it didn t work out , and in we were divorced .
south korea s ban ki moon has taken over as secretary general of the united nations the first asian to hold the post in years .
. for the first two minutes .
london , england cnn singer amy winehouse has lung damage and irregular heart beat , says her father .
basic questions such as this one are crucial to your performance , says dr . ivonne chirino klevans , professor at walden university .
the storms uprooted trees and toppled billboards on karachi streets , causing massive traffic jams and some injuries , officials said .
engineer bradford brad baity , years
but the target for the car industry will only be confirmed after eu officials carefully examine the impact of the new rules , eu environment commissioner stavros dimas told a conference organized by the forum of
rudy hermann guede was arrested by chance after being caught on a train without a ticket by the german authorities in the town of mainz , near frankfurt , german prosecutors have said .
common sense may say no , but decades of research suggests otherwise .
how do i keep costs down ?
abdalmahmood abdalhaleem mohamed , sudan s ambassador to the united nations , told reporters that he expected the security council , and especially its permanent members , to use their leverage on chad .
however , hill was wary of placing too much weight on the north s decision to reopen government to government contacts with the south .
at least seven elderly people have died from heatstroke in the last two days , including a year old man found dead in his living room in a city near tokyo on thursday .
but astro keeps returning to civilization .
according to fbi figures for the week of november to , the bureau received more than , requests for background checks on gun purchasers a nearly percent increase over the same period in .
they re sleepy and don t do well . sleep deprivation can compromise immune systems , ruin moods and decrease focus , said the lead author , dr . fred danner .
the current situation surrounding the korean peninsula is reaching crisis point , kim said during a lecture at hanshin university in osan , kyonggi province , referring to news reports that north korea may be preparing to conduct a nuclear test .
examinations showed the growths were benign in line with the white house s expectation that none of the five polyps appeared worrisome .
militants holding five britons in iraq threatened in a video on tuesday to kill one of them in days as a first warning unless britain withdrew its troops .
by gmt the shares were down . percent at . euros .
suu kyi , a nobel peace prize laureate , has lived under house arrest for about of the last years for leading an internationally hailed movement for democracy in myanmar , which has been ruled by the military with an iron fist since .
the mauna lani resort , on the big island s kohala coast , indulges romantic guests with its lava love getaway package .
family members even tried an emergency hand pump attached to the iron lung .
the us came second with eight tons of carbon per head times more than that produced by india .
we ve gone public with the fact that we are not involved but are trying to clean up the mess , soriano told cnn . dr pepper told cnn it had taken great steps to keep up its end of the bargain .
a chinese satellite has smashed into a villager s house on its return to earth , the country s media reports .
at p . m . , dean s eye was located about miles kilometers east of chetumal , mexico , the national hurricane center said . the storm was moving westward at nearly mph kph .
washington cnn a ruling on whether california should legalize same sex marriage is expected thursday from the state s supreme court .
bush approved a national security directive in november committing the united states to removing all nuclear weapons from the peninsula .
i would be perpetuating a fraud to say that we don t look at multiple factors in our relationship with countries any time we take a step on a particular issue like human trafficking , he said .
the catalyst for the explosion against the free trade talks appears to have been a former blue house economic aide , jung tae in .
hanisch pointed out that his father , who was a navigator in the luftwaffe , the nazi air force , was one of the troops said to have been involved in hiding art , gold and silver .
convicted sex offenders will have to submit to periodic , unannounced examinations of their computer equipment and install equipment on their computers so their use can be monitored .
many of those rescuers are now ill with respiratory problems and cancers , and they blame the illnesses on exposure to the fallen world trade center towers toxic dust .
dow jones shares rose percent in anticipation of the deal .
thousands more hong kong people have put on surgical masks , taxi drivers cleaned out their cars , concerts and protests were canceled and the horse racing track in suburban shatin saw its lowest attendance ever as many of the territory s fervent gamblers stayed home .
that s not the way it was supposed to happen .
the car was a st birthday present from the queen and the prince has converted it to run on percent bioethanol as a way to reduce his carbon emissions , his office , clarence house , said .
captain david stewart says soldiers from both countries are in high spirits .
nevertheless , iran not only ignored the call to halt its nuclear work but also increased its activities , according to an iaea report issued in late may .
asia s third largest economy after japan and china , now south korea is forecasting growth of more than percent this year , aided by a budding recovery in exports .
and already , the reviews
thursday s new york times reports south korea confined it troops in iraq to their compound in the southern city of nasiriyah and suspended reconstruction and medical efforts because of spiraling shiite inspired violence .
fritzl told his wife their daughter had run away , and he and his wife adopted three of the children .
this week the state department announced a new task force to study the iraqi refugee issue .
the death and destruction in india s also having a negative effect on the already shaky relationships between that country and pakistan .
bradford and tebow could settle the dispute on the field the sooners and gators play for the national championship on january .
a year old bosnian man carrying explosives in his backpack tried to enter the u . s . embassy in vienna on monday , but fled when his bag triggered the embassy s metal detector alarm , austrian officials told cnn .
malaysia s parliament is considering tough new laws against illegal moneylenders following a spate of suicides by hopelessly indebted people .
and mutual outrage has only springboarded off rising anti u . s . sentiment in south korea following the recent acquittals in u . s . military courts of u . s . soldiers whose armored vehicle hit and killed two korean girls .
australia s index rose . percent , and singapore s key stock measure added . percent .
kenya s president mwai kibaki , a member of the gradualist camp , expressed strong support for unity in his speech .
the hall of fame running back was arrested sunday in las vegas , nevada , on robbery , assault , burglary and conspiracy charges , according to police .
it spread to the iraqi kurdish provinces of sulaimaniya and irbil , the organization said .
the world number one was satisfied with an opening two under par in damp , bone numbing conditions which left him four shots behind leader sergio garcia of spain .
israel is continuing to subject lebanon to strikes by land , sea and air , following the capture of two israeli soldiers by hezbollah militants .
iran said sunday that it will begin operation of the country s first nuclear power plant in the summer of using half its , megawatt capacity , the official news agency irna reported .
gasoline prices on average jumped to , won per liter last month , up from , won per linter in july .
robert said her son , who is still awaiting test results to find out whether he has the virus , could have gotten treatment much sooner had they known .
in a meeting of security related cabinet ministers at chong wa dae wednesday , roh set forth his negative feelings toward additional sanctions or pressures on the north , a thinly veiled objection to the hawkish approaches by washington and tokyo .
in washington , defense secretary gates told reporters at the pentagon he accepted fallon s resignation with reluctance and regret .
when matson snacked on a piece of the fudge , he bit into something hard the ring .
some of them had since been freed , officials say .
he is slowly waking up , said gosling . he has started saying a few words to close family .
the operation started two days ago in the region , where al qaeda leader osama bin laden was once thought to be hiding .
we ll get a fresh read this hour on consumer confidence this month .
the taliban have killed two korean hostages , accusing the afghan government of not negotiating in good faith and ignoring their demand to release rebel prisoners .
you might expect oxford and cambridge universities to ask prospective students to compare the works of chaucer to boccaccio or to explain the theory of relativity .
the content of the message was not revealed .
fixation or immobilization , which binds the toxic
the swiss banking regulator , meanwhile , said there was no reason for ubs banking clients to be concerned , despite the warning of a third quarter loss .
brown said he believed he may be the child of margaret and group capt . peter townsend , whose romance ended in under pressure from the royal family and the church of england .
essentially , there are no natural barriers to the spread of the disease , so affected individuals must be removed from populations to stop disease transmission , lead researcher katherine belov said .
we believe that you actually are truly seeking a true , genuine and lasting peace in the middle east , and i am certain that you would like to see an agreement and settlement before the end of your term , he said .
they are attempting to learn about the building and its owner and the circumstances of its destruction .
they held his arms for support and led him to a police car , which sped away in a convoy of a half dozen police vehicles .
when a new president strolls into the white house , there s a kick in his step and a twinkle in his eyes .
erdogan called early general elections for july and passed constitutional amendments to enable the people and not parliament to elect the president .
the man , identified as mohammed afzal , allegedly had purchased the truck used in a march suicide bombing at a federal building in lahore , a police statement said .
the offer was pitched at . euros per abn share
intel corp . , the world s largest chipmaker that is best known for its pentium line of microprocessors , will this week kick off its largest ever advertising campaign .
yoichi oda , a japanese official in charge of crisis management , said that the japanese government has not received any ransom demands from the hostage takers .
well , that should ve told you he was on the juice .
the movie had many viewers wiping away tears .
pro democracy groups accuse him of trampling on democratic freedoms and stifling free speech . opposition leaders said the job offer to putin was predictable .
at approximately ft and two miles from touch down , the autothrottle demanded an increase in thrust from the two engines but the engines did not respond .
french actress isabelle caro , , who has suffered anorexia for years and weighs just kilograms appears in the adverts next to the slogan no anorexia .
you must save a woman in danger of death . you can show the world that farc understands humanitarian imperatives . monsieur marulanda , you carry a great responsibility , sarkozy said .
the official said the north korean had worked as a logger in russia .
i was paralyzed , said barbara , a high ranking university administrator .
with a small staff working in a former taliban garrison , omer , , wants to open digital doors that will not only train kandahar s people for the challenges ahead , but also help them learn more about the u . s . led coalition troops that allowed them to do it .
the protesters , who were joined by a group of monks in crimson robes , held posters reading free aung san suu kyi now and china s gain , burma s pain .
he stepped down last friday ending his seven month service .
the united states , the iraqi government and the kurdish regional government had pursued diplomatic efforts over the past two months to keep turkey from launching an offensive against the pkk .
there has been some movement by the syrians , said maj . gen . william caldwell . there has been a reduction in the flow of foreign fighters into iraq for more than a month .
some of the more than , people evacuated because of the flames are being allowed to return to their homes .
bangalore , india cnn doctors began operating on a year old girl born with four arms and four legs tuesday in an extensive surgery that they hope will leave the girl with a normal anatomy , a hospital official said .
but he said it was interesting to watch as minister after minister described their respective unhappiness at their inability to get assistance in to burma .
bush claimed the cia s interrogation program had been vital in saving lives , but denied the use of torture .
three quarters of the sags , , members , have to approve any strike action .
in a soured economy , the choices she made throughout the campaign show that she gets it , stephenson said .
murphy had never publicly acknowledged paternity before .
paris , france cnn the french markets regulator said tuesday it has found evidence of insider trading at eads , the parent company of airbus .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
but some experts think lower rates won t solve the credit crunch paralyzing wall street .
some of the romance of astronomy is gone .
cagliari lost at home against inter milan at the weekend , keeping the club in last place in the serie a .
at least people are dead hundreds more wounded in a series of israeli air strikes today against hamas security posts in the gaza strip .
musharraf was elected president in a vote that was widely viewed as rigged .
i speak to my fellow senators when i say that the president is not the only american leader who will have to make adjustments to his or her thinking , lugar said .
i haven t heard about any roofs off , i haven t heard about any , you know , broken windows
muscat s postcard perfect mountain backdrop added to the havoc .
the united states has not misled allies or anyone else about the matter .
gambari said he will return this week to new york to brief u . n . secretary general ban ki moon on the five day trip to myanmar , also called burma .
u . s . and south korean officials say he suffered a stroke .
congress gets back to work today in a lame duck session that some senate democrats want to use to bailout the auto industry .
all of us have work to do !
congress is doing the exact right thing by asking for a conditions based assistance package that holds the auto industry s feet to the fire , gives them some short term assistance , but also insists that that assistance leads to some very difficult choices involving all the stakeholders . . . including management , labor , shareholders , creditors , and so on .
that s when i knew we had something special , he said . this was a complete shock .
we felt a strong tremor for almost a minute , people ran in panic from buildings , said george rajaloa , a resident in ternate .
heavy on violence , the movie had an r rating , normally a damper on a film s blockbuster potential .
the korea herald quotes moon chung in , chairman of the committee on northeast asian cooperative initiative as saying that korea , japan and china were getting closer to striking a deal that would allow them to make joint purchases of crude oil by the three countries that rely on overseas natural resources .
he spoke with pride of education reform and fighting aids in africa , but he seemed proudest that there hasn t been another .
couto said any suggestion of a donor mill wasn t fair because the dogs have homes and only come to the clinic to give blood and get a checkup .
but the jury also watched video from security cameras at the ritz that gives no outward sign that henri paul was drunk when the mercedes he was driving crashed in an underpass while being chased by paparazzi , as both french and british police have concluded .
dobriansky said the united states is also working to develop special provisions for resettlement of thousands of iraqis who work for the united states in iraq and are still there , but face increased threat because of their cooperation with the coalition .
but despite the seemingly endless stream of dismal figures , there are some glimmers of hope .
the billionaire prince , who looks down on his by mile country , doesn t open his castle to the public .
more than plain clothed policemen took hu jia from his home in beijing , according to his wife , zeng jinyan .
israel on monday continued its military assault on gaza from the air and the ground .
sundance film festival kicks off for days on jan .
that s a lot of lights , dad .
the interior ministry said she died from a gun shot wound to the neck , fired by an attacker who then detonated a bomb killing other people .
our sophia manos reports another part of the reason is that parents are more aware of food allergies and quicker to have their kids checked out by a doctor .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice announced that jones will assume the role of special envoy for mideast security , advising rice and bush as the white house seeks to play an active role in advancing the peace process in the region .
man yi is the most powerful typhoon to hit japan in july and was expected to inundate the capital with up to mm of rain late on sunday .
president bush can waive sanctions if he deems it in the united states interest .
pelosi said she was confident the nominee would be decided before the democratic convention in august , and that she was never among those who believed this would be resolved by now .
officers were dispatched to patrol the campus as a precaution , and campus entrances were restricted .
the information i have right now tells me that the program is unfitting
lone star filed a lawsuit against the city last august , arguing that additional taxes it slapped on its purchase of a story building in were unreasonable .
south korean scientists had also claimed a lead in the parallel field of adult and umbilical cord stem cells and the government gave the go ahead for laxly regulated clinical trials , which some scientists say should never have been allowed .
it is a strange feeling to think you could be standing before an object that may be the holy grail , but visitors to the new byzantium exhibition at london s royal academy will be able to experience just that frisson between now and march .
cnn the first ever landing of a probe near mars north pole happened smoothly on sunday , nasa confirmed .
a surprise visit today by the un secretary general .
time is running out for the six party talks to be resumed this month as pyongyang has not yet publicly reacted to washington s request for good faith actions in dismantling its nuclear programs .
a portrait of martin luther hangs in the stern keeping his protestant hand on the rudder .
he did not identify which entrance had the security device .
a u . n . official in beirut said several of the agency s workers were trapped inside the camp for several hours , but later got out shaken but unhurt .
one man is dead , a second in critical condition , after what might be a gang related shooting inside a mall near seattle
iraqi forces were the only shooters , al obeidi said .
it was not clear exactly whom the records belonged to , whether hitler himself actually listened to them , or where in the chancellery they were found .
she helped plant a tree in the garden outside the flight center to commemorate her visit .
last term , avenir became administrator of the online group dungeons mastering chemistry solutions .
kate mccann was previously interviewed on may , the day after madeleine was reported missing .
the twin engine plane involved in the accident had accumulated about , flying hours , airbus said .
it houses about , u . s . troops , mostly marines . the facility was captured in april by australian special forces .
the un security council asked both sides to back off , but the ap s mark levy reports that just the opposite might be in the offing
but even its nominally communist politicians are now eagerly scouting the world for foreign investors .
macadamia nuts can cause a short term hind limb paralysis , and bread dough , if eaten before baking , can expand rapidly once ingested and cause ethanol poisoning .
it supplies drinking water to millions of people in dry southern california , as well as irrigation for america s most fertile farming region .
andrew johnson shook off the attentions of david mendes da silva to score at the near post .
testing is a way of life for us , as we are constantly looking for new ways to connect with the customer and provide the best starbucks experience , the statement said .
the diplomatic sanctions , which limited visits to the communist island by senior eu personnel , were imposed in after concerns were raised about human rights in cuba .
doctors are pleased with the progress of his recovery and were allowing him to regain consciousness , said luke gosling , a ramos horta aide who is with him in darwin .
japan s no . automaker will begin testing a prototype with its assembly line workers later this month for feedback .
the , kilogram , pound chang e is expected to transmit its first photo back to china in late november , and to conduct explorations of the moon for a year .
such as its size and mass . professor reinhard genzel , who led the study at the bavaria based max planck institute for extraterrestrial physics , said the data collected proved the existence of the black hole beyond any reasonable doubt .
the airbus unit posted an operating loss of million euros , down from a profit of million euros in the first quarter last year .
the mice are also threatening the native population of bunting , one of the world s largest finches , the rspb said .
however , success in japan is one thing , and taking on manchester united is a completely different challenge .
has sent a chill through foreigners in iraq .
according to witnesses , the fire started in a flower shop on the first floor and rapidly spread to an entertainment venue on the second floor , before engulfing the building in smoke .
the media watchdog accused yahoo of becoming a police informant in order to further its business ambitions .
he will net about million after taxes , georgia lottery corp . spokeswoman tandi reddick said .
speculation persists about hill possibly visiting the communist state before the fifth round of the talks begin as a gesture to hasten reconciliation , but both washington and seoul denied any such plans .
that meant giving significant discounts , so customers could switch over seamlessly .
the result is widely expected following approval of the bill by the belgian senate in october .
london , england cnn china s new found wealth has seen an explosion in the number of new developments springing up in what is , arguably , the world s biggest building boom .
i have been consistent in saying that we have to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in .
his continuing efforts to raise public concern about the environment led to the presentations that formed the core of an inconvenient truth .
murphy has five children from his marriage to nicole mitchell murphy , who filed for divorce in . brown also has an year old daughter .
he can t know you took em .
but my remarks were neither meant to offend nor ignore the efforts of prosecutors and lawyers .
an american soldier also died when the car bomb exploded in a crowded market .
the ruling was a rejection of a petition filed on april by the movement for democratic change mdc , which has claimed victory for its candidate morgan tsvangirai in lieu of any official results .
there were a couple of signs , but no fireworks , no hang gliders , just oprah and obama and thousands of their closest friends packed into a cavernous arena in downtown des moines .
sequined women stood in front of glittering new models , speaking ardently of sporty split dual exhausts , electric , way adjustable seats and classics for tomorrow .
on wednesday , the guardian newspaper in london reported that chinese hackers launched online assaults against the network at the britain s parliament and the foreign office . the guardian cited anonymous government officials .
considering that u . s . forces are being reduced by , and the yongsan garrison is being moved , there will be a reduction in the standing cost . accordingly , we think that our burden has to be reduced , the official said .
under intense international pressure to restore democracy in pakistan , president gen . pervez musharraf announced thursday that parliamentary elections will be held by feb . and restated his pledge to step down as the country s military leader .
the president will try to assure car buyers by announcing that washington will stand behind gm s and chrysler s warranties .
hurting from hurricane losses , insurance company travelers reports a third quarter profit is down more than .
the campaign averaged about a million a day online alone .
kia motors will invest . billion to build its . square kilometer acre plant , which is scheduled to open its assembly lines in .
after elizabeth was born , walker and his partner separated .
i did have a choice to go to a pay jail , hilton said sunday , without giving details .
the army is delivering aid and supplies to survivors .
the younger activists , in defiance of their pacifist spiritual leader , demand tibetan independence and are hoping to derail the beijing olympics .
according to goldberg , swayze said , i m not making this movie unless you put whoopi goldberg in there .
musharraf pointed out that no one else in the vehicle was injured when gunshots rang out , followed by suicide blast that killed nearly two dozen people in the crowd .
the foreign office says there remains a possibility of further violence , with the political situation in thailand very uncertain .
many of us regardless of the first round do not want a france ruled by the law of the strongest or the most brutal , sewn up by money interests , where all powers are concentrated in the same few hands .
the car just passed so fast , and all of a sudden i just heard people screaming , said the boy s mother , denise jackson .
the tribal leaders later released the gunmen .
part of it is just business evolution .
the watercube was built at a cost of more than us million euro million , with donations of us million euro million from people in hong kong , macau and taiwan .
the fire is burning toward the barefoot landing development near myrtle beach .
the boys seek their own diversion .
hong kong cnn a stuntman was killed and six others injured in a fire while shooting an action scene in director john woo s chinese historical epic red cliff , the film s crew and chinese media said tuesday .
clothed in a black robe , she strains under her husband s weight .
matthew mcconaughey frequently photographed shirtless and exercising on the beach is people magazine s bachelor of the year .
that agreement the only ever made at the nuclear talks calls for north korea to trade away its nuclear programs in exchange for security guarantees and aid .
americans are growing more pessimistic about the war , holland said . in january , nearly half believed that things were going well for the u . s . in iraq now that figure has dropped to percent .
obama on monday was scheduled to make his final stops in mckeesport and pittsburgh , where clinton has been strong .
but as he points out , it is not a commercially available product , and the price tag of , euros usually dampens the enthusiasm of the average camper .
u . s . director of national intelligence michael mcconnell said during an appearance tuesday at harvard university that the mumbai attacks were carried out by the same group responsible for the parliament attack and a series of bomb explosions aboard trains and at railway stations in mumbai in though he didn t specifically name let .
one of rome s oldest working hotels built on the site of the ancient theater of pompey and in business since the th century the albergo exudes a sense of shabby chic that only a place with this much history could pull off .
he is the seventh foreign coach of the south korean team .
we don t normally see things like aircraft it s usually a mechanical failure that causes the blade to separate from the main hub .
karn said his group , which represents pilots who are federally trained and allowed to carry firearms on flights , will fight the termination .
in places like pennsylvania and florida , they generally approve of his handling of the economic crisis by a net point margin , in that vicinity
a very common back problem has been making year old vincent porretti s job painfully impossible .
lead has been linked to health problems in children , including brain damage .
if you prefer non verbal communication , it can also flash its lights or wiggle its ears to grab your attention , or just play music from an online podcast or radio .
and we got a righteous wind at our backs .
he also said it should have stated that the incumbent south korean leader park chung hee had ordered the abduction .
human rights watch said it has called on saudi arabia s king abdullah to immediely void the verdict and drop all charges against the rape victim and to order the court to end its harassment of her lawyer .
jerusalem cnn a gunman opened fire on people inside a jewish seminary in jerusalem on thursday , killing at least eight , police and rescue officials said .
while various bird flu strains can be transmitted to humans who are in close contact with infected birds , the h n is of particular concern because health officials fear that it could mutate and be spread from human to human .
two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital mogadishu has left cilvians dead and more than wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday .
you have touched our hearts , former munchkin mickey carroll , , told the crowd .
the infant , evelyn frayre , was in good condition at a hospital , fowler said .
prime minister shinzo abe called for a rigorous investigation .
one person dead , more than a dozen wounded .
the statistics office previously estimated korea s population to start declining from , shrinking by more than percent by .
among the charges leveled against the men are murder and conspiracy in violation of the law of war , attacking civilians and terrorism .
take a picnic and climb up to the top of the gardens , congratulate yourself on escaping the crowds and admire the view .
madonna and ritchie , who were married at a scottish castle in december , have two children
the world food program is feeding two million people in north korea following last week s floods .
hundreds of villagers defied warnings of a major eruption at one of indonesia s deadliest volcanoes , leaving refugee centers wednesday and returning to homes along its slopes to tend to crops and animals .
the evolutionary biologist from the university of colorado figured out a way to give male barn swallows a makeover that makes less popular males much more desirable to females .
moscow may target weapons at europe if the us builds planned missile defense facilities in the region , russian president vladimir putin has said .
people want to hear about iraq .
initial reports of as many as eight deaths were incorrect .
world stock markets suffered more heavy losses thursday as economic data indicated a severe slowdown was unavoidable .
commenters seldom use their real names , and even if they do , the chance for retaliation is slim . in the pre internet era , you had to take ownership of your remarks .
opponents say he fired the attorneys for political reasons and later lied about the reason for their dismissal .
with percent of pennsylvania precincts reporting , clinton was leading obama to percent .
there s so little of interest to tourists in liechtenstein that souvenir shops stock as many books and postcards on switzerland in general as they do on liechtenstein .
the next four games went with serve before murray held his in the th , winning with an ace .
france will soon rejoin nato s military command more than years after it left , french president nicolas sarkozy said
dannatt added that he and senior commanders will now be reviewing harry s deployment .
more than people , including militant leader abdul rashid ghazi , died when troops stormed the red mosque .
musharraf s government has previously rejected international help , specifically from britain .
police say the blaze , which began before dawn and took firefighters several hours to extinguish , is being treated as suspicious .
towns and cities hold parades over memorial day weekend .
the united states opposes any unilateral turkish military action , fearing it could destabilize northern iraq the calmest part of the country .
the prosecution was denied a warrant yesterday to further detain shin jeong ah , the disgraced former art professor accused of forging her academic credentials .
the move , announced by interior minister nicolas sarkozy , allows local authorities to impose curfews and lets police perform raids without warrants .
i am glad to say that the iraqi government showed its clear cooperation during our counterterrorist activities .
he says agents with u . s . customs and border protection have even forced him to give them access to password protected , confidential information from his company and his banking records .
thirty bodies have been identified thai nationals and one singaporean , according to police .
but gen jones did not back their call for a deadline on us troop withdrawal .
however , the visit drew criticism from academics at the university who signed a letter demanding that the trip be called off .
sheesh , says another , why don t they just transport the president around in an abrams tank .
the movie averaged , a theater , a whopping number for a wide release .
three out of every ten murders in chicago now involve victims in this age group .
the uncle has subsequently gone missing , the ministry said .
aero statistics
paris , france serbia s ana ivanovic reached the final of a grand slam tournament for the first time with a demolition of world number two maria sharapova at the french open on thursday .
on august , mattel s fisher price division said it was recalling . million preschool toys featuring characters such as dora the explorer , big bird and elmo because of lead paint .
president bush said wednesday that a part of the iranian government is involved in sending deadly explosives into iraq but acknowledged he didn t know whether top iranian leaders were responsible .
decani is among the delights that await in kosovo , the breakaway southern serbian province that seems destined to become europe s newest country .
still , dissenting voices have been increasingly heard in and outside the session halls and through the media in recent years .
unite here represents , hotel , food service , garment and manufacturing workers across canada and , in north america .
such stars as will smith , annie lennox and queen have taken part in nelson mandela s second aids benefit concert in south africa .
christopher hill , the top u . s . nuclear envoy who just visited pyongyang , said there were some differences over the nuclear declaration and that the six nation talks , expected later this week , now seem unlikely to open this month .
newark , new jersey cnn a tire importer said thursday it would recall , chinese made tires it claims were defective because they lack a safety feature that prevents tread separation .
protests planned in other parts of the country never took place as threats there caused few students to show up .
the year old was the star of nickelodeon s zoey , a sitcom about prep school friends , and is the younger sister of pop star britney spears .
rowling s four previous potter novels have sold more than million copies in languages and countries .
in a surprise upset , malaysia s ruling party , which has retained power since the nation declared independence in , fell short of a two thirds majority saturday amid rising inflation , crime and ethnic tensions .
top officials of korean financial authorities also boosted market sentiment , trying to assure investors that they will keep the economy and the currency under control .
so he moved on to plan b
the chinese government has drawn international criticism for its crackdown last month on demonstrations to coincide with the th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising .
if clinton wins texas and ohio , it s game on until someone can figure out how to reach a majority of delegates . that may not happen until the democratic national convention in late summer .
asking that john walker lindh be released from an indiana prison , frank lindh pointed out that his son did not fight against u . s . forces , had his terrorism charges dropped , and as a muslim , has renounced all violence .
guests reportedly will include longoria s desperate housewives co stars , teammates from parker s san antonio spurs , victoria beckham and other celebrities .
the tony award winning actress and wife of liam neeson reportedly suffered a head injury .
the holocaust memorial exhibit belonged to longtime postal memorabilia collector and activist ken lawrence of pennsylvania .
taylor is now in a new relationship with a man she met in the online roleplaying game world of warcraft .
the organization for security and co operation in europe osce monitored the election and concluded that it was mostly in line with international standards , although it did include some criticism in its report .
a bigger threat to nike is a revived adidas .
it s a wonderful thing , you know , they did a miraculous job .
, two american soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb north of baghdad , officials said .
the golden boy has magic and mystery and therefore every person all over the world will see what egypt is doing to preserve the golden boy , and all of them i am sure will come to see the golden boy , egypt s antiquities chief zahi hawass told reporters under the intense luxor sun .
the militants , in apparent preparation for an impending military operation , planted mines and destroyed bridges and forced villagers to stay and fight alongside them , a tribal elder said .
to ensure your interview is smooth and error free , follow these five tips .
was that social development and economic development go hand in hand .
but easter island is a bellybutton experiencing a tourist boom and some are worried the onslaught of outsiders could take a toll on the very things they come to see , the gigantic stone heads known as moais .
china has already enacted some restrictions , including forbidding vehicles from driving directly to the base camp at , feet , meters , zhang said .
jon , barack obama gets his first detailed intelligence briefing today .
in a meeting with reporters more than a year ago , chubachi boasted sony was working on a technology for displays so thin it could be rolled up like paper .
he said u . s . policy toward iran has not changed because of the new report .
democratic party president ichiro ozawa s planned resignation comes amid a major standoff between the government and opposition .
the chang e , named after a mythical chinese goddess who flew to the moon , will orbit earth while technical adjustments are made , and will enter the moon s orbit by nov . , administration spokesman li guoping said when the launch plans were announced monday .
this also pales in comparison to the recall of nearly million of a different model of sony batteries in and , which affected almost every major pc manufacturer , including dell inc . and apple inc .
our purpose here in annapolis is not to conclude an agreement . rather , it is to launch negotiations between the israelis and palestinians , he said . for the rest of us , our job is to encourage the parties in this effort and to give them the support they need to succeed .
the officials , who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter , refused to be identified .
civil defense officials said more than , families have been affected .
the album which was released in the u . s . last tuesday features leonard cohen s hallelujah , frankie goes to hollywood s the power of love , and the traditional amazing grace .
the reason for the delay was twofold
during the past several days , i have had a lot of time to reflect , and have already learned a bitter , but important lesson from this experience .
before the officer could answer , a different officer cut him off , davis said .
the president at the rose garden a few minutes ago , after the stock market opened this morning on the slipperiest of slopes , the dow falling nearly points in the first few minutes of trading , then bouncing back
the communist north s official kcna news agency published two reports on the alleged discovery of signs of chemical weapons .
wednesday s decision by the law lords allows victims of deliberate assault the same right to sue their attackers after the time limit has expired .
in a reuters c span zogby poll released on sunday .
if this indeed has changed her , then the transition will be very difficult because she ll have to find a new purpose in life beyond being queen of the party scene , traube said . her life will have to change drastically , which is going to be tricky because she s going to be in the public eye more than ever .
reaching out to independent voters is critical to any candidate if he or she wants to come out on top in the granite state , st . anselm political professor paul manuel told cnn .
ambitious prosecutors investigating an alleged behind the scenes money transfer in exchange for a proportional representation seat in the national assembly have banned lawmaker elect yang jung rye from leaving the country .
one key finding in the data is that the first generation of stars to shine in the universe ignited much earlier than previously thought only million years after the big bang , the theoretical explanation for the explosion that gave birth to the universe .
we are making every effort to assure that he is well treated , and to secure his prompt release , keller said .
over a two month period , scientists working in lore lindu national park on the indonesian island of sulawesi caught and released three pygmy tarsiers .
in the democratic race , sen . hillary clinton scored a much needed victory in new mexico and accused surging opponent barack obama of lacking substance and experience as she fought for political traction in ohio after a string of losses .
but in rawalpindi pakistani security forces fired tear gas and wielded batons to disperse opposition supporters for defying a ban on public gatherings , police sources told cnn .
the agency for healthcare research and quality estimates that american men are percent less likely than women to visit a doctor .
a member of a japanese right wing group was arrested on thursday after he sent his severed little finger to the ruling party s headquarters in protest at prime minister shinzo abe s failure to visit a tokyo war shrine .
france based afp sued google midway through last year in federal court in washington , d . c . , claiming that google news had infringed on its copyright on articles and images .
if the water flows too slowly , the inflow will increase the pressure on the dam .
the car maker recorded an operating profit of . trillion last year .
the georgian electoral commission has yet to declare an official result .
chung mong koo was arrested at the end of april for his alleged role in a bribery and embezzlement scandal .
the guild winner usually goes on to win the best director oscar .
rodriguez gerada said he ll need to raise about , , euros for other costs , such as rakes and gloves for volunteers , documentation , even portable toilets for the crew .
there was a fire in her neighbors right across the street back yard , coming up , and smoke , like you could hardly even see through it .
louis city alderman wants people to arm themselves to protect their lives and property .
but viacom said that it decided to sue google and youtube after a great deal of unproductive negotiation .
the ppp is a responsible party , he said . our government and the people have been concerned with the country before ourselves .
i m most excited by the chance to study many neurons at the same time , so we can see how they work together as a network , schwartz told cnn .
the bunch sprint but after being forced to change bikes inside the final k could not rejoin the fast moving peloton on the run in to canterbury .
it came amid a fierce political power struggle between the western backed government and an opposition led by the militant hezbollah .
the year old fan was shot in what police called a tragic error as they tried to stop violence between rival fans at a motorway stop in tuscany .
a rise in the u . s . market , higher chicago futures and the stabilizing yen should help japanese stocks , especially exporters and others with good earnings results , said hiroichi nishi , a general manager of equity marketing at nikko cordial securities .
a submarine from the us navy s th fleet has collided with an amphibious ship in the waters between iran and the arabian peninsula .
visitors are asked to put away any medications and shown where the approved treats are kept .
there are some things you won t see here
a nongovernmental organization set up at the end of the bosnian war to locate and identify victims of war and human rights abuses
i didn t want to do it this way , but it s the only way i know that s going to work , that someone out there in the world is gonna listen to me .
he said obama s stance could undermine pakistani president pervez musharraf , the country s military ruler , who has been a u . s . ally in the fight against al qaeda .
making an epochal change to the old family registry system long criticized for being gender biased , the national assembly voted to repeal the hoju system , and also revised the law on class action suits at a plenary session yesterday .
the court cited insufficient evidence , not to mention that it was undecided over whether shin s actions are actually punishable by law .
the israeli military late wednesday confirmed six airstrikes in gaza . the targets were rocket manufacturing and launching sites and a headquarters building , the israelis said .
the time is now to move the ahtisaari plan , bush said , noting that he had dicussed the matter with bulgarian president georgi parvanov . america believes that kosovo ought to be independent .
it is increasingly likely that external assistance will be urgently required to avert a serious tragedy .
coalition air support dropped two bombs on the compounds with the greatest concentration of insurgents , the coalition said .
nadi was one of three northern white rhinos at the zoo s wild animal park .
why do humans have it ?
some blame an immature recycling market in the u . s . for not being able to handle higher volumes of plastic
congress must get to the bottom of this mess and follow the facts where they lead , into the white house .
police arrested inspector ravinder kumar singh for allegedly accepting almost , dollars from the ring to release one of its doctors only days before a raid that unveiled the international kidney selling racket .
general motors says it s closing its sport utility vehicle factory in december .
high profile technology related stocks including matsushita electric industrial , hitachi , toshiba and canon are all down sharply .
investigators recovered the plane s in flight recorders and sent them for analysis to australia , which lost at least four citizens in the accident , said crash investigator ruth simutupang .
police said there was nothing to suggest a suspicious cause .
the woman was seated or standing in the front of the boat as her husband piloted the vessel at about mph out of a channel , pino said . the ray just actually popped up in front of the vessel , he said . the father had not even a second to react .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn fulfilling her promise and ending eight years of self imposed exile , former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto said wednesday she would return to pakistan through the southern port city of karachi on thursday .
williams is in matches this year , and is expected to climb from ninth to sixth in the world following the st success of her career .
this means that employees at the kdi , most of them not teachers , are now covered by a program specially designed for the financial welfare of private school teachers , and not by the national pension scheme .
the british broadcasting corporation has announced massive job cuts , saying it plans to sack around , of its staff .
the speaker of the house is openly questioning its impartiality and raising the possibility of delaying the findings .
in other women s matches , fourth seeded maria sharapova , the australian open champion who has yet to lose a match this season , was to take on greece s eleni daniilidou .
paris , france ap france broke the world speed record on rails tuesday with a souped up fast train , a feat to showcase the technology it is trying to sell to overseas markets including china .
the blast wounded civilian contractors .
in what some lawmakers call a make or break session , attorney general alberto gonzales is expected to face a grilling thursday testifying before the senate judiciary committee regarding the firing of eight u . s . attorneys last year .
president george w . bush has said he wants to resolve the crisis peacefully , but has not ruled out a military solution .
the report also says a review of the property books shows continuing problems with missing and incomplete records .
it is not something to celebrate , just something to accept as a fact , said paik sun yup , a retired south korean general who fought in the , day war that left up to million people dead , wounded or missing , half of them civilians .
it s a prevalent sentiment in our look at me culture .
here comes the bride , all dressed in green .
the city department of sanitation called the death a rare and unfortunate accident .
election authorities have released no data on the presidential race .
specifically , he said , the north must provide evidence that the equipment and plates for the so called supernotes had been destroyed so that concerns about further ability to print more notes will be reduced .
gibbons was arrested under the country s islamic sharia law after parents of some of her students complained to police .
the move came hours after thaksin , who has been based in london since being ousted in a bloodless coup in september , was formally charged with official misconduct over a property deal involving his wife .
human embryos need to be destroyed in order to harvest their stem cells .
rule for protecting human rights of criminal offenses submitted .
staff sgt . tyrone luther hadnott , , was charged last month with the rape of a child under , abusive sexual contact with a child , making a false official statement , adultery and kidnapping , the military said .
iran has seized three british navy vessels and detained several sailors .
it just got tougher to do that for zimmerman and a lot of other u . s . soldiers .
north korea thursday agreed to discuss the fate of south koreans believed to be kidnapped to the north after the korean war in an unprecedented gesture , albeit in very roundabout words .
video of the scene showed smoldering wreckage , including what appeared to be one of the antonov s two turboprop engines and the charred remains of a building .
it really bothers me that miley is the one apologizing for all this , says susan olsen , who played cindy on the brady bunch .
five weeks later , snow returned to the white house podium and continued to work as the president s chief spokesman as he underwent chemotherapy .
with the economy squeezing the budgets of more americans , some people are looking for creative ways to pay their monthly bills .
south korean prime minister han duck soo was to meet with chinese president hu jintao in beijing tuesday for discussions on ending north korea s nuclear ambitions and other issues of mutual concern .
i have found that i prefer one that has a bag in it .
there are lots of rumors spreading around about this , and rest assured they are all completely false .
but polls are just snapshots of how people feel at the moment .
they are believed to have substantial connections in europe , using those contacts to traffic drugs into britain , police said .
dramatically played out on live television , an opposition politician and rebel military officers surrendered to government forces after taking over a luxury hotel in manila .
republican presidential candidate rudy giuliani reported a whopping . million in earned income over the past months , most of it in speaking fees , according to financial documents filed wednesday .
the southern seaside resort town of cox s bazar appeared deserted after the warning was issued wednesday evening , with rough seas .
thrill junkies know bear grylls
normally , . is a joke , said powell . it was not a good race . i got a bad start but i managed to accelerate and catch up .
at the office , at home or on the move with a laptop or a pocket pc .
republican john mccain and democrat barack obama faced off on wednesday in a possible prelude to a u . s . presidential election battle , tangling over whether iraq would be prey for al qaeda if u . s . troops are withdrawn .
the bush administration s support for the free trade deal is not because we believe that the colombian story is perfect or complete , rice told reporters , but because we believe that in the context of the growth and economic activity that the free trade agreement will produce , colombia will be better able to meet its problems .
he said most of the toilets there should be the sit down style .
the bridge in hunan s fenghuang county had four decorative stone arches and was scheduled to open at the end of this month , xinhua said .
thai officials would consider sending neil to another country to face charges if there is a request for extradition , he said .
searchers found the plane monday night , along with the bodies of seven of the victims .
according to the national statistical office nso thursday , the number of idle men and women who are voluntarily unemployed reached . million in february , up from . million a year earlier .
under the new guideline , universities will be banned from using foreign languages in any essay questions .
this is a friendly deal , geronzi said . adding that he never had any doubts , the banker said
forbes . com looked at a year s worth of press clippings and web presence for more than hollywood kids .
marisol zequeira , an immigration lawyer , said illegal immigrants such as zapeta have few options when dealing with the u . s . government .
gertrude baines , a year old california resident , will likely be crowned the world s oldest woman , according to the organization that keeps track of such honors .
a new report on heart disease among american males says a man s race and where he lives can make a huge difference in his chances of dying , with blacks and those living in economically underdeveloped areas most at risk .
the tribune s editorial board says obama is the best candidate to lead the country through a perilous time and restore a common sense of national purpose .
the beckhams will make their new home in a reported million , , square foot villa in beverly hills , where neighbors include their friends tom cruise and katie holmes .
a group of lawmakers from the governing and opposition parties on tuesday submitted to the national assembly a resolution calling for the withdrawal of south korean troops from iraq .
foreign minister bernard kouchner , speaking on rtl radio , called for more effective sanctions against iran if it continues to resist the demands to suspend uranium enrichment .
, which exploded and caught fire on april , , contaminating vast areas of ukraine , russia and belarus and spewing a radioactive cloud over europe .
south korean envoys are in kabul and an afghan minister in ghazni says he is optimistic the captives will be freed .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill is set to fly out to the region later on wednesday , while hadley would be meeting his south korean counterpart in washington , in a meeting which had already been scheduled .
the south korean boats were being escorted to yemen under the guard of the us navy .
the dow jones on monday closed below , points for the first time since , according to an early tally , as u . s . stocks followed europe and asia .
hilton was ordered earlier this month to report to jail by june for violating the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
the shortened tours would apply only to troops deployed on or after august and would not cut back tours for those currently in iraq .
guns n roses , often called gn r by its fans , released the album last week .
the three terror suspects arrested last week in germany may have sped up their bombing plot after a loud talking police officer inadvertently alerted them that they were on a federal watch list , an unnamed source with knowledge of the investigation told cnn .
the online retailer said it sold about nintendo wiis per second when the product was available .
if it s for danger , then baghdad international airport , in the middle of a war zone , should rank pretty high .
although the mantua pair strike a rare and touching pose , archaeologists have found prehistoric burials in which the dead hold hands or have other contact , said luca bondioli , an anthropologist at rome s national prehistoric and ethnographic museum .
yahoo shares rose cents to . in morning trading thursday .
meanwhile , bodies were found by iraqi police in baghdad over the weekend , an interior ministry official told cnn on sunday .
decided to sell the items because she wanted fans to have them , muston said .
jurors in a las vegas courtroom were shown a videotape of a man said to be sexually assaulting a year old girl in .
there are teenagers wearing jeans and gym shoes and their bodies are twisted , cnn s john vause said , reporting from just outside the school . the expression on one girl s face was just pain she was dead .
this is purely maintenance related , the adviser said , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue .
an armed standoff is over at a georgia motel .
both the hang seng and the kospi fell more than percent during intraday trade , and the nikkei dipped below , points for the first time since july .
boston red sox win game of american league championship series .
the nation s jobless rate unexpectedly fell to . percent in november , but overall the mixed data cements expectations that the bank of japan will keep interest rates unchanged for some time , even as energy fueled inflation accelerates .
dennis christen , assistant manager of animal care and husbandry , said that male sea horses , sea dragons and pipe fish all carry the eggs instead of the female .
walton s journey from schlub to star surprised him as much as anybody , he told cnn .
the treaty is seen as a key element in maintaining stability in europe . it establishes limitations on countries deployment of tanks , armored combat vehicles , artillery , attack helicopters and combat aircraft .
it included a cent that was minted for two weeks in but was abandoned because congress thought lady liberty looked frightened .
the afp news agency also reported officials as saying that at least three monks had died ,
i was thinking about that night and all the joy i had , she said .
but while paulson and bernanke repeatedly insisted they expect the economy to avoid shifting into reverse thanks in part to a series of interest rate cuts by the fed and a billion economic stimulus package signed by president bush wednesday they conceded the economy faces additional headwinds .
heath ledger , the dark knight
some journalists at the ministry tried to work in other areas in the lobby , but the information agency had even cut the supply of electricity .
roddick successfully landed percent of his first serves to keep his czech opponent off balance throughout the one hour match .
earlier this year , getty agreed to return four artifacts to greece which athens said had been smuggled and sold illegally .
ozawa and the dpj executive committee discussed the possible alliance on friday a proposal intended to break a deadlock in the diet , japan s parliament but the committee voted to reject it .
a basic example of ip tv applications is incorporating online shopping with tv home shopping .
the new wonders project was the brainchild of swiss businessman bernard weber . he said he wanted to invite the people of the world to take part in selecting the world s greatest wonders .
but the us said it remained committed to the landmark february th agreement .
thus the challenge to america comes not from europe but from asia where people put work before leisure and prosperity before freedom .
nato s role in afghanistan has divided the alliance amid concerns that some countries aren t sharing the same combat burdens .
he said the so called surge , or increase of nearly , u . s . troops in iraq , has been complete for only a matter of weeks .
voters will soon have their last chance to compare sens .
a foot higher than earlier thought
the wimbledon champion will face fourth ranked ana ivanovic in the quarterfinals .
climb the hill and take in the panoramic views from prizren s th century kalaja fortress .
police say the man , identified by his family name chae , was mentally sound although he will undergo a medical and competency checkup .
that was basically a wardrobe malfunction .
us defense secretary robert gates told the associated press he did not have anything definitive to say about it .
the two ministries are known to have disagreed in the past , with the foreign ministry preferring a tougher line .
space boulders big enough to wipe out a major city slam into the earth about once every , years , much less frequently than previously thought .
as of p . m . et , felix was packing mph km h winds and its center was miles km east of cabo gracias a dios on the nicaragua honduras border .
neither men has seats in the assembly , and they watched the opening day ceremonies from the gallery .
beckham did not play in capello s first match in charge against switzerland at wembley last month because the coach decided he was not fit enough during the major league soccer offseason .
ferraro who said she raised about , for clinton s campaign said she was not asked to step down by clinton or her staff .
twenty three year old jon squibb gets a car , a diamond ring , and a crown of miniature chickens .
they came from somewhere in the back .
but sun said china had no plans to put a man on the moon yet .
a spokesman for japan s whale hunt said greenpeace s actions were illegal and people should not treat them as heroes .
people who spent their school days studying classical greek may have less productive human capital than those who studied computer science .
deng s legacy and the films is also likely to take on particular importance this year as the ccp readies itself for a reshuffle .
the results return berlusconi for a third term in office as italian prime minister .
roger federer will play the french open and wimbledon without a coach after splitting with tony roche , the world number one said on monday .
political observers say such repeated urges for a coalition government , despite a slew of criticism , is due to roh s determination to revise the constitution and adopt a parliamentary system .
in addition to paying a reported million for the sponsorship position , the company has coordinated a marketing blitz that includes opening an average of two stores a day in the country .
the releases follow a series of direct talks between the south korean government and the taliban .
liberal democrat leader charles kennedy said britain benefited from being a multi racial , multi ethnic society .
and besides , our deep love of football .
we re still in the early stage of the investigation , song hae eun , a prosecutor in charge , told reporters .
i ve been in the house and uh , seen the um , the tragedy that took place here .
some buses are moving out people who had returned to the city battered by hurricane katrina three weeks ago .
his outfit was boycotting the retailer because its waldenbooks division , now spun off , was selling playboy
seconds later , a suicide bomber blew himself up with a shrapnel filled explosive .
in the pacific , the mexican government canceled all warnings saturday night pertaining to tropical storm henriette , as the storm moved away from mexico s mainland .
the festival was created to cater to the homosexual and transgender community , with most films addressing some of the issues faced by them .
but there were other sides to the legendary physicist .
the earlier we go back the better , said the international atomic energy agency s head , mohamed el baradei .
kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said russia could no longer tolerate a situation where it was complying with the treaty but its partners were not , and he expressed hope that russia s move would induce western nations to commit to the updated treaty . watch a report on moscow s decision raquo
in los r iacute os province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn thursday .
the year old actress tabloid target checked into the wonderland center in los angeles in january .
i will never be able to forget the american s acts of brutality , especially those of bush and rumsfeld .
musharraf s spokesman , maj . gen . rashid qureshi , said he was unaware of the incident and would contact the pakistan electronic media regulatory authority about the suspension of transmission .
telecom company monday announced a new price plan that gives a percent discount for calls made among family members and a percent cut in the basic fee , depending on the length of consecutive years the family members subscribed to sk telecom .
in the same way physical exercise can delay many of the effects of aging on the body , there s some evidence cognitive exercise can at least delay the onset of alzheimer s .
in the first two rounds of voting , he failed to get support from two thirds of the parliament , which was required to be elected for the post .
after more than a one year delay due to production problems , airbus is scheduled to deliver its first a , which seats , to singapore airlines in october .
the wounded were taken to a military hospital in the largely kurdish city , in southeastern turkey , which has a population of . million .
the weekend briefing generated much controversy , with bloggers , journalists and others questioning whether the military was trying to drum up public sentiment for a confrontation with iran .
islamabad cnn the election commission of pakistan will delay parliamentary elections for at least a month , sources in the commission told cnn tuesday .
earlier , south korean ambassador to japan ra jong il voiced opposition to japan s bid for the unsc .
the brainchild of new york architect steven holl , the mixed use unit is a ring of eight story towers , linked at the th floor by gently sloping public sky bridges , lined with galleries , cafes , restaurants , bars and shops .
armstrong plans to meet with tour officials before deciding whether compete in the tour .
. sales associates
the move is part of a deal agreed in february , in which pyongyang pledged to disarm in exchange for fuel aid .
he blamed worries about his health for the decision .
suddenly the car stopped and we were hurried inside .
il divo also takes a chance on the abba hit the winner takes it all .
police said the children are well and staying with relatives .
the united states and several developed countries have shown a lukewarm attitude over north korea s entry into international organizations , including the asian development bank adb .
on the possibility of resuming the six party talks , he told reporters at the incheon international airport that he cannot give a definite answer on whether the denuclearization forum could reopen in february .
over the years , the stoning ritual has been one of the most dangerous of the hajj , with stampedes that have killed scores .
a state of emergency was declared across much of the country following the hour storm that left swathes of destruction in its wake .
the official xinhua news agency said people were rescued , including who were injured when the , foot bridge spanning the jiantuo river in hunan province collapsed monday .
commonly referred to as oxbridge
the man they declined to name left the police station without being arrested , but if the police need further assistance , he will be asked to return , the police statement said .
helen mirren , who won the best actress oscar for playing queen elizabeth ii in the queen , may be invited to tea , buckingham palace said monday .
woo called on the south korean government to take stern diplomatic measures to prevent any further similar distortion of history by china .
clinton vowed to soldier on , telling supporters at an indiana rally that it s full speed on to the white house .
her comments come one day after she told gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq , and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , that it would be irresponsible to continue american military involvement there .
president roh put off the nomination for prime minister .
and from virtual family organizers to tabletop touch screens , their vision of the future sees technology move from the traditional desktop computer to become seamlessly integrated in all aspects of our lives .
sadness also spreads in a network , but not as quickly , the researchers found .
the foreign and maritime ministries in seoul said the ship , operated by the national oceanographic research institute , entered the waters near dokdo at about a . m . , or about three hours after the first north korean missile lifted off .
according to the national statistical office nso yesterday , suicide was the fourth largest cause of death in the country for two years in a row with . out of , people killing themselves , up . fold from . ten years ago .
at first glance , omar appears to have little in common with the man who has eluded international efforts to find him .
i kept thinking why on earth my dad didn t have that . the only reason was that he happened to be born in egypt and these people had the luck to be born in england .
former arkansas gov . mike huckabee won the backing of percent of those questioned , and rep .
buildings are continuously being pulled down and replaced , creating the sensation that tokyo s skyline is a permanent work in progress .
the vessel was believed to be carrying more than migrants .
the unemployment rate could reach double digits , he said .
however , lawyers said that kerviel , if found guilty of the abuse of confidence charge , could be sentenced to seven years in prison .
he took the oath of office at the national palace in kuala lumpur .
government and ruling uri party officials said yesterday they have decided to set up long term care insurance for senior citizens as early as in order to address the welfare needs brought on by the growing elderly population .
a us soldier who raped a year old iraqi girl and helped to kill her family has been sentenced to life in prison with possible parole .
there was no immediate reaction to the scene from hamas or the british foreign office , but the bbc condemned the video .
he cautioned monday that efforts would be a very incremental process . there s a lot of confidence that needs to be built .
cho s hateful video message he sent to nbc on the day of the killing targeted people who had everything they wanted .
sen . hillary clinton apologized to a gathering of black newspaper publishers wednesday for a top fundraiser s controversial comments that sen . barack obama s race has helped his candidacy .
diana s death at the age of , in the early hours of august , , stunned the nation and led to a mass outpouring of public grief .
i will be the president of all czech citizens , klaus said after his narrow victory .
one new focus of concern are the tiny particles , called pmios , which are emitted from vehicles .
lawrimore said the gator was about feet away , swimming after a large carp .
kenyan government officials said at least people had so far been killed and around , forced to flee their homes as gangs of machete wielding young men roamed the streets .
the standoff began hours earlier when a group led by trillanes and army brig . gen . danilo lim bolted from a court hearing on charges linked to a failed coup attempt . watch footage of troops storming the hotel in manila raquo
two people are dead , four others wounded , in a shooting at a high school graduation party at a mesa , arizona home .
in britain , the ftse rose . percent to , , while germany s dax gained percent . france s cac was up . percent .
i declared a major disaster for that community , and i hope that helps . it s going to take a long time for the community to recover .
it s at the end of a small road just off the main drag between the big city of lagos and the rugged southwest tip of europe , cape sagres .
but officials say the taliban rebels issued a new ultimatum soon after that deadline expired .
about percent of the respondents picked south korea as a place they intend to visit in two years .
a fourth new member of the politburo s standing committee will also be selected to replace executive vice premier huang ju , who died earlier this year .
convicts already do work for mexican companies .
lee myung bak , the conservative front runner for this month s presidential election , received a rare endorsement sunday from one of south korea s two umbrella labor unions that have traditionally sided with the liberals .
police had said they believed the abduction of the boy may be linked to the grandfather s drug dealings with mexican nationals .
computer game millionaire richard garriott reportedly paid million for the day trip .
reuters reports a mortgage bailout plan hatched between wall street and congress is gaining political traction even though it could be on a crash course with the bush administration .
if you re stuck working on a holiday , you don t want to be stranded without your support systems .
one of the yemeni security officials , describing himself as the head of security in the area , said the blast was caused by multiple projectiles .
los angeles , california paris hilton says she will no longer act dumb .
there is a national responsibility that the federal government needs to deal with , he said . if you live in georgia and want to see a grizzly bear , you come to idaho or montana or wyoming .
cannes , france ap director gus van sant s , , elephant , an intimate look at the victims and killers in a fictional shooting at an american high school , won the top prize at the cannes film festival .
it feels at least like degrees , which is degrees warmer than it was yesterday .
san francisco , california cnn after nearly years of marriage , robin williams and his wife are getting divorced .
the level of violence in kenya is unprecedented . it s on a terrifying scale and it has not really diminished , salim lone , spokesman for the orange democratic movement , told cnn from london .
for the first time , forbes rich list named more than , billionaires from around the world , with newcomers .
two students trying to surrender friday were shot dead by other students in the mosque , intelligence sources said , but gave no additional details of how the shootings occurred .
and he ranted in his end of day private writings about difficulties he was having with son ron and daughter patti .
the first step to being a happier mom , then , is to value what you do to feel that it s important .
the issue came up again over the weekend when the san diego padres played the los angeles dodgers at the new olympic baseball venue .
officials say there is no evidence of links to international terror networks .
mohamed elbaradei , head of the vienna based international atomic energy agency , described the talks on how north korea will close its main atomic reactor at yongbyon as quite useful .
the rain of fire lasted for three days .
expensive subprime loans traditionally are aimed at borrowers with weak credit , but increasing numbers of buyers took the loans as an easy way to hop into the market during the housing boom .
his comments came as islamic militants attacked a fort in the troubled region tuesday , sparking fighting with government forces that left five troops and fighters dead , the army said .
pope john paul underwent emergency surgery on thursday to help him breathe more easily after he was rushed to hospital for the second time in a month with acute respiratory problems .
that s a reference to arizona republican senator john mccain , who turned down overtures from kerry even though he was never formally offered the job .
with just a handful of smaller states still to vote , a win for the senator for illinois on tuesday would be decisive , analysts say .
when a gun gets whipped out like that , someone is going to get shot , but i didn t know who , councilman bill summers said .
owner dudley patteson says he encourages guests to step away from what s going on in life and reconnect .
and a new survey released by gartnerg shows that adult consumers in the united states are beginning to adopt credit card company solutions designed to protect against online fraud .
but it was the tenacious ferrer who finally sealed victory in a match that lasted two hours and minutes .
at least alleged drug gang members were killed tuesday in an hours long gunbattle in the mineira shantytown near downtown rio , said a police spokeswoman who declined to be identified , according to department policy .
the second potential problem is the gradual emergence of pay tv , or video on demand .
the biggest losers may be an indiana couple who together tipped the scale at more than pounds , lorie and todd richmond had weight loss surgery on the same day last week , at the university of chicago medical center .
there were no immediate reports of damage .
supporters of rival candidates clashed during campaigning last week , injuring more than people and prompting international troops to fire tear gas and warning shots .
demonstrations erupted across the world in early after other newspapers reprinted the images months later as a matter of free speech . some turned deadly .
to advance my convictions with civility , to pursue the public interest with courage , to speak for greater justice and compassion , to call for responsibility and try to live it as well .
live to new york and the stock exchange
the increase in casualties at shifa followed israel s s ground incursion into gaza , which it launched on saturday night .
about , homes have been destroyed in san diego county alone .
i would like to remind the international community of the urgent importance of bringing to closure one of history s darkest chapters , ban said in a statement .
a pool report by nbc correspondent kevin sites said the mosque had been used by insurgents to attack u . s . forces , who stormed it , killing militants and wounding the five .
it looks like a prehistoric land that time forgot .
tsonga , who had struggled with two years of injuries before a comeback in january , said grass suited him . the best thing is it s spectacular , he said .
her letter asked the soft drink company to make good on its offer .
holder andy roddick was dumped out of the cincinnati masters on thursday , beaten by th seed david ferrer of spain .
we knew this was coming , and detroit is not happy now that it s here .
conservationists believe there are only about , gharials left in the wild , many of them in a sanctuary based along the chambal , one of the few unpolluted indian rivers .
he said they would not negotiate the validity or otherwise of president kibaki being in office .
in a cnn interview , australian foreign minister alexander downer said nine passengers were australians a mixture of officials and media and four of the nine have not yet been accounted for .
that happens with a particular flair on the algarve , in the south of portugal .
then all of a sudden , we saw the canopy of the jet explode and go up , and then we saw the pilot blast out of the plane and the parachute open , lerner said .
the conspiracy charge carries a maximum of five years in prison , a , fine and up to three years of court supervision after release .
clearly , the search for madeleine will continue and i would appeal for everyone to refocus their efforts to achieve her safe return .
washington cnn scientists unearthed a skull of the most primitive four legged creature in earth s history , which should help them better understand the evolution of fish to advanced animals that walk on land .
it seems completely counterintuitive raise the gasoline tax to help american commuters .
if jobs did not use this opportunity to announce a significant expansion of the drm free offerings in the itunes store , especially after the last of the major labels announced last week that they were putting their music on amazon . com amzn without copy protection .
he had handed power to his deputy after mass protests against him and a flawed election , leaving a political vacuum .
krulfeld said he did not think the incident was a student prank .
snow told reporters he had a chemo session scheduled later friday .
some people who have come into contact with the inmate have been examined tomorrow is the th anniversary of brown vs .
i don t want to talk about what will come next , said microsoft lawyer brad smith in answer to questions about the possibility of an appeal .
a year old dancer from japan was crowned miss universe on monday night , marking only the second time her country has won the world beauty title .
after leaving pakistan , cheney went to afghanistan , but his planned talks with president hamid karzai were canceled when bad weather prevented his trip from bagram air base to kabul .
the resolution is expected to be proposed to a house plenary session in the second week of july and is expected to pass smoothly in view of the passage at the committee , rep .
it undermined a permanent flood wall and flooded a private school in north fargo , north dakota early this morning .
allergy researchers in kansas city say there may be a new health hazard floating around out there tiny particles of tire rubber in the air .
rutan is building five copies of spaceshiptwo for the virgin galactic venture , which claims that it will be conducting test flights in and flying passengers in at , a pop .
big brother china can use its political and economic leverage to demand more flexibility from pyongyang regarding the nuclear conundrum , the analysts said .
the aquarium is the only outside asia to house the whale sharks , and the only in the world to offer tourists a chance to dive with the creatures .
after decades of promoting family planning , korea like several other affluent asian neighbors facing plummeting birthrates is desperately seeking ways to get people to have more babies .
that follows a percent plunge on friday , the first day of trading in in tokyo .
two previous referendums one on the same abortion issue and another on devolving power to administrative regions , both in also failed because of a low turnout .
u . s . officials have said the united states never ruled out any options when it came to attacking al qaeda or the taliban .
reuters reports a palestinian gunman killed eight people in a jewish religious college in jerusalem on thursday , most of them students , and wounded about others in the most lethal attack in israel in two years .
an electric signal travels up the strings to the motors on the tuning pegs .
in october , lohan and a passenger suffered minor injuries when her convertible hit a van in west hollywood .
scholes was banned when united beat bayern munich to lift the trophy nine years ago in their last final appearance and manager alex ferguson said he will be the first name on the team sheet in russia .
the centuries old vermeil flatware and candelabras came from a london silversmith .
the blame or credit does not go exclusively to a nation s schools .
it s all fixed up and set to start exploring the universe again , after being released by the shuttle this morning .
a commercial helicopter has been shot down about km north of the iraqi capital baghdad , killing all people on board .
again giggs was the provider with another accurate set piece , with ronaldo on hand to power home his th goal of the campaign
the royals started left hander john bale against the yankees , who had scored two runs in innings entering the game and with runs this season had the second lowest total in the al .
pavarotti was released from the hospital august , more than two weeks after he was admitted with a high fever . at the time , robson denied italian news reports that he had been treated for pneumonia .
i don t think it was kate . when she met the queen , carole middleton said pleased to meet you and asked where the toilet was , whitaker told reuters .
in january , two suicide bombers and several gunmen in police uniforms attacked a luxury hotel in kabul .
final polls friday suggested the president s conservative party , the union for a popular movement , or ump , and its allies would take more than seats in the seat national assembly , all but burying the opposition socialist party and other rivals .
the interest on certificates of deposit has been rapidly increasing as a result of the recent hike in the call rate .
the artifact is in the custody of the national institute of peru and may be displayed in a museum , he said .
more people are telling us they are going to be voting in the democratic primary , eric rademacher , associate director of the institute for policy research at the university of cincinnati tells cnn .
more than , election observers and media organizations from around the world had converged on georgia .
abe s comment also followed a u . s . house of representatives hearing last month with witnesses , including two south korean women , who said they were forced by japan to be comfort women .
meanwhile , the state prosecutor in the benoit investigation said monday he currently has no plans to file criminal charges in the case . from our standpoint , i have no reason to believe there will be any criminal charges at the current time , fayette county district attorney scott ballard told the associated press .
each city that will host the torch has nominated a number of runners to carry it through it streets .
spector s driver testified he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the castle holding a revolver , saying , i think i killed somebody .
i will work for the poor , with the entire country , to unite it , and heal its wounds , ramos horta said thursday .
the confrontation came sunday afternoon as sarkozy and companions were headed for open water in a boat on lake winnipesaukee when he spotted associated press photographer jim cole and freelancer vince dewitt aboard cole s boat , which was outside a buoy barrier monitored by the new hampshire marine patrol .
analysts say howard has opted for a long election fight to give himself a chance of overhauling labor s lead .
blair , once enormously popular in his country , saw his popularity tumble largely over his alliance with bush on iraq .
i am stepping down as senator to prepare for the responsibilities i will assume as our nation s next president .
but in the past few years , filmmakers like cameron crowe and wes anderson have been more likely to choose pre existing songs to punctuate a moment or create a certain mood .
the rally rooted in complaints that the ethnic malay muslim dominated government discriminates against minorities was the largest protest in at least a decade involving ethnic indians , the country s second largest minority population after ethnic chinese .
police arrested khieu samphan , , at a phnom penh hospital where he had been undergoing treatment since november after a stroke .
the suspects were arrested last weekend in barcelona and taken to civil guard headquarters in madrid , where they were questioned .
below the modern town and built on the side of a steep ravine , two whole neighborhoods of single room cave dwellings and rock hewn , frescoed churches were inhabited first by hermits and then by families until the s .
mccann predicts that in the next years clothes will have all kinds of in built functionality .
individual donors can contribute , to individual candidates .
after loading the cash machine into the truck , the pair drove off .
the video also refers to the annapolis conference , indicating it was produced after last november , when the conference was held .
obama and clinton are running such a tight race that after millions of votes and months of campaigning , neither candidate is expected to have the , delegates needed to seal the nomination before the august convention , and the superdelegates could send a candidate over the top .
i felt that this was not acceptable to me at all , chungtak said wearing a sash labeled miss tibet on her long cream colored dress .
aguilera and music executive jordan bratman were married in .
eagles and henley spokesman larry solters said wednesday there was no comment .
the timing of the operation
the cause of the failure is not yet known , ana spokesman daisuke kato said .
police , who had called chester arthur stiles a person of interest , began calling him a suspect late friday .
the study also didn t get into whether extreme competition was a factor in japanese or korean results .
dili , east timor cnn the man who allegedly shot and critically wounded east timor s president last month was in custody sunday after surrendering to police , military officials said .
there s a carefully negotiated condition here , that gregg s nomination not give democrats a filibuster proof majority in the senate .
it had better not happen again , said munter .
that would clear the way to send more troops to afghanistan .
in fiscal year , japan provided grants and technical assistance totaling . million to myanmar , according to the latest ministry figures .
as businesses are coming to realize that the best ideas are often generated in casual conversation , designers such as perkins and will are incorporating informal team areas into office environments , to encourage chance encounters and impromptu meetings .
polls in the us state of new hampshire suggest democrats hillary clinton and barack obama are running neck and neck , two days before a key primary there .
tens of thousands of summer holiday makers many of them young from britain , germany and northern europe .
they become tempting targets for an aggressive rent a car sales force , often on commission to sell insurance no matter what .
however , india has tempered its support for the tibetan cause in recent years as it seeks to improve relations with china .
all workers who work in infected areas are outfitted with respiratory equipment and eyewear , said williams .
the missing weapons mostly dated back to former iraqi dictator saddam hussein s rule , and none had serial numbers , the official said .
in muscat , people scoured the city searching for cars swept away when water barreled through the streets . watch how cyclone tossed cars around like toys
although adams solution gets him a lot of attention during flights , the reasoning behind it may not be that farfetched .
schork still thinks the bulls will win the fight , and oil could top a barrel by next monday .
palin said she and mccain , the republican presidential nominee , discussed the possibility of her working on the issue of energy independence if she becomes vice president .
it is difficult to know the exact number of americans voting from overseas , since they can complete the process with their state and without having to deal with their local u . s . consulate or embassy .
the largest opposition group , the conservative grand national party , saw none of its members join the legal action .
the fda is giving the hurry up to salmonella tests
the high costs are expected to stir controversy over heavy financial burden on the south korean government .
the illinois senator also won saturday in wyoming .
an interior ministry official had originally told cnn that tribal sheikhs seven sunni and three shiite had been kidnapped
at least two other investors have said the same thing , but apparently the judge has accepted his plea
dealing with jail time for driving offenses was difficult , but now paris hilton faces the aftermath .
samak has already said that if he became prime minister he would amend the constitution to allow the deposed leader to return to thai politics .
sen . barack obama s foreign policy positions could encourage america s enemies to test it during the early days of an obama administration , sen . john mccain said wednesday .
we re used to hearing weird stories , but with his intoxication we figured this one would be different , that the amount of money wouldn t be exact , police lt . william graham said .
the current people sexiest man alive , , and his wife , , stepped out sunday night at the empire film awards in london with luciana glowing and sporting a baby bump .
because all you will do is preach to the choir and further entrench your opposition .
we are incredibly grateful that our colleague , richard butler , has been released and is safe .
the fourth indiana jones film , not yet titled , is again directed by spielberg and produced by lucas .
pichushkin killed others by hitting them with a hammer , the investigator said .
the chosun ilbo reports that a north korean was murdered by skinheads in vladivostok , russia .
the top u . s . diplomat in iraq said thursday that baghdad was making some political progress but faces considerable difficulty in trying to heal a nation long gripped by violence .
the tests have now confirmed deaths .
all european union member nations must approve the treaty for it to take effect , and ireland is the only country to put the treaty to a popular vote
the state department is in touch with the man s family and is in the process of sending a message to the iranians through the swiss government , the officials said .
about sheep being kept at a suburban home were euthanized tuesday after some were found to have serious health problems , authorities said .
this report really confirms that a lot of the bad news that we ve seen over the last few weeks is accurate .
so the agencies have developed a technology known as clipper chip as a way to neutralize strong encryption .
teodoro said no one was injured , but associated press reported that at least two people were injured .
in sochi , cheers erupted from the crowd of more than , that had gathered for a pop concert and the announcement in a main square .
school administrators in santa fe , texas , confiscated dozens of cell phones from students in may after nude photos of two junior high girls began circulating .
such permits are granted for research , enhancement and conservation purposes .
turkey s military reported saturday that kurdish separatist guerrillas attacked villages on its side of the border late friday , wounding one soldier near the village of yemisli .
the scene was broadcast for four seconds .
president elect lee myung bak claimed tuesday that korea is capable of catching up with japan in years and becoming a close rival of china .
neither dennee nor van cleve would discuss details of the shootings or identify the victims .
olmert s government has been under mounting pressure to do something about the rocket attacks .
our information is that there is no indication of any link between this cowardly deed and the fact that it was the son of the defense chief , prime minister jan peter balkenende said in the hague .
although no one made it into the central square , a small group did march to the national palace , home of malaysia s king , to present a memorandum detailing their concerns .
creator nancy miller the closer , lifetime s any day now knew hunter would be a perfect fit for grace .
however , chief u . s . negotiator christopher hill , who hand delivered bush s letter , said differences remain over what should go into that document , and it is unclear how full and complete it should actually be .
the blue house said yesterday that president roh moo hyun had quickly agreed to forward to the national assembly the names of five nominees to fill seats on the supreme court that will be vacant in july .
parents of soldiers injured in clashes with protesters opposing the relocation of u . s . military installations here roundly criticized the defense ministry for not protecting the unarmed troops constructing fences around the base site in pyeongtaek , gyeonggi province , according to the joong ang ilbo .
every citizen must uphold them .
it exactly gives us the right to go back and do the same .
protesters also took over a police van .
some believe it originates from the time ships would be dedicated to a goddess whose figure was carved on the bow .
this kind of corruption that denies people their entitlement to basic and need based services , many of which may be free by law , results in the poor finding themselves at the losing end of the corruption chain , said r . h . tahiliani of transparency international india in a statement .
moving the rd into afghanistan will have no effect on the forces scheduled to deploy to baghdad because commanders will identify other troops to replace the brigade , the officials said .
restrictions or bans on hunting in recent decades have helped protect many populations of the iconic arctic carnivore , but many experts say the long term outlook is bleak .
but the political turmoil exposed a deepening rift in turkey , whose population of million people is mostly muslim , but endowed with a secular legacy designed to separate state and religion .
, , when the ss gaelic pulled into honolulu harbor , delivering men , women and children to the u . s . territory .
during monday s sentencing hearing , black was also ordered to pay a million fine .
if he grows crops , he must till , plant , fertilize , spray , harvest .
there s no news of him signaling for help and that s a problem , said david mcmullen of berkeley , calif . , a leader of the hiking group desert survivors , whose members frequently venture into some of the country s harshest terrain . he s either so injured he can t signal or he s perished .
the french cac and german dax also fell slightly , down . percent and . percent respectively .
h n is highly pathogenic and extremely contagious among birds , both by air and contact with feces .
authorities said she died after falling ill .
one is a closeup looking into the front of the vehicle that shows diana , fayed , paul and rees jones minutes before the crash .
musharraf appointed chaudhry to the court in , but the judge fell from favor after he started exercising independence from the government in a number of cases involving the disappearance of terrorist suspects and human rights activists .
wandering through its graveyard , i noticed the names on every tombstone ended in sen . the inscriptions , such as here lies christian hansen at anchor with his wife .
arthur has claimed previously that anna nicole s boyfriend and attorney howard k . stern played a role in both deaths , but she did not provide evidence .
the immediate cause of the crash was not known .
obama plans to name retired marine gen . jim jones as his national security adviser at the white house , the officials said .
arrivals from china and hong kong , who accounted for . percent of visitors to japan last year , are poised this year to become the second largest group of tourists after south koreans .
for years , barbara s gut told her she needed to get a new doctor for her daughter , and for years , she didn t listen , even as her daughter got sicker and sicker .
association spokesman akira tsuchida said his organization was working with u . s . based spaceward foundation and a european organization based in luxembourg to develop an elevator design .
london might be in the middle of a security alert and wimbledon might be a washout , but that didn t dampen the spirits of over , dedicated harry potter fans .
sauer said friday he never received information about a medical problem and had not changed his sentence .
the other groups will decide on their own whether to stay away .
firefighters tried banging tools on one end of the pipe and flashing lights monday night in hopes of driving the kitten out the other end but that didn t work either .
the discussions are timely . . . it is now time for lone star to sell its share to a strategic investor which can bring the bank to a new level of competitiveness , lone star chairman john grayken said in an e mailed statement .
some individuals are at greater risk than others for feelings of loneliness because of development issues
thousands of scientists , officials and environmentalists are attending days of talks . the first united nations climate conference since the kyoto agreement came into force in february has opened with the us still resisting targets .
i think theory may have intervened finally , brady said , in a reference to how the nation was constructed .
the first lady generated some buzz last night by wearing another sleek , sleeveless dress to the speech , one that showed michelle obama s well toned upper arms .
the nation s health experts say adults need to exercise more than two hours a week to stay healthy .
ministry of commerce , industry and energy
he was a loner , and we re having difficulty finding information about him , school spokesman larry hincker said .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said , in a written statement , that israel will provide blair with all assistance required for him to fulfill his role and to help the palestinians .
matteson teaches english at john jay college of criminal justice .
passengers expecting to fly out of heathrow were warned to contact their airline before traveling to the airport , just west of london .
if the flame is sacred then so are humans . we cannot let the chinese seize the olympic flame , a symbol of peace , without denouncing the dramatic situation of human rights in the country .
the korean air force is in the process of purchasing planes by under a . trillion won acquisition project dubbed f x .
wilson s hospitalization could also keep him from helping promote the darjeeling limited , in which he stars alongside adrien brody and jason schwartzman .
i believe in intellectual property and ensuring that manufacturers earn the profit margins they need to keep the discovery and supply of aids drugs sustainable . but that shouldn t prevent us from getting essential life saving medicines to those who need them in low and middle income countries alike , he said .
the cartoons have sparked diplomatic sanctions and death threats in some arab nations , while media watchdogs have defended publication of the images in the name of press freedom .
although in spain consent is presumed by law , families are still asked to give their permission for the donation to go ahead .
the boys were arrested on suspicion of gang raping three middle school girls from the city and two others from changwon on several occasions since january .
virunga national park is established in as africa s first national park , it was classified as a u . n . world heritage site in .
nairobi , kenya cnn kofi annan has threatened to leave as mediator in the tense kenyan power sharing talks if a quick agreement is not reached , a senior aide to former u . n . chief said monday .
but li quickly quashed any idea that repressive , communist china could ever become a multi party liberal democracy .
fresh from a two goal performance for italy s national team , antonio di natale headed past juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon in the th minute .
an idf representative acknowledged a ground incursion by israeli forces into the northern gaza community of shaja iya , east of gaza city , where two palestinians died in the fighting .
lee , , broke from the pack of candidates by virtue of his rags to riches life story and his business background .
the transition team is scheduled to hold a hearing on the educational reform with experts on wednesday to raise awareness .
jacksonville , north carolina cnn police have found a cavity in the back yard of the suspected killer of a pregnant marine and are no longer looking anywhere else for her , onslow county sheriff ed brown said friday evening .
this agreement is an important step in our efforts to protect our nations and our nato allies from the growing threat posed by the proliferation of ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction , the u . s . state department said in a statement .
as members of the australian parliament , we believe that the denial of justice in david hicks case erodes the values and principles shared by australia and the united states , lyn allison , leader of the australian democrats minor opposition party , said in a statement .
democrats have been trying to force gonzales to resign over the sacking of eight federal prosecutors last year .
that plan was shatteredwhen his ship and another south korean trawler were seized by north korean patrol boats near the western sea border in april and taken to the north .
the jet had just performed landing training on a navy aircraft carrier before the pilot reported having trouble , according to the marine corps .
their systolic upper reading jumped points , more than double the rise for huggers , and their diastolic lower also rose significantly higher .
california independent peggy chilton says she s gone from leaning mccain to leaning obama , but what she d really like to see is both sides cooperating more in washington .
to gain illegal control over the internet , the associated press reported .
the nfl already had announced that bruce springsteen and the e street band would perform at halftime at super bowl xliii on february in tampa , florida .
about percent of eurostar train services between paris and london were operating thursday , as were about percent of thalys high speed trains between paris and brussels , amsterdam and cologne .
as an african american , i believe that imus has crossed the line , a very bright line that divides our country , said bruce gordon , a cbs director and former president and ceo of the national association for the advancement of colored people .
the dalai lama has criticized violent protests and urged dialogue with china .
the american general who headed the u . s . military prison at abu ghraib personally witnessed abuses there , an iraqi man alleged in a federal lawsuit protesting his treatment .
another shows bystanders running and ducking for cover after one of the bombers detonated his rucksack on the no . bus .
nonetheless , the launch of the mobile television service , the world s first , marks a step forward in korea s initiative to integrate broadcasting and communication and usher in the ubiquitous era of communications .
president bush , starting a new relationship late in his presidency , welcomed british prime minister gordon brown on sunday with casual diplomacy .
taliban militants sunday decided to release two sick korean female hostages but last minute hitches delayed the freedom of the captives until monday .
iranian officials have said esfandiari , a scholar with dual citizenship , is being held in prison in tehran while under investigation for crimes against national security .
but the farmer said they do not plant to block roads as they did in march , according to eduardo buzzi , leader of the agrarian federation . at no time will we sponsor or support roadblocks , he said .
kurylenko s screen credits include hitman and paris , je t aime .
mncora s six foot waves rival those of better known surf spots in peru , such as chicama , but early mornings often bring waves that are ideal for beginners .
hatta radjasa told local radio that search teams were still looking for the plane , a year old boeing .
paris hilton swallowed up by a tight fitting futuristic designer space suit
doctors are struggling to contain a cholera outbreak .
in the oldest cup competition in the world and with united and arsenal meeting at old trafford this is sure to be whittled down further for the sixth round .
president bush will officially endorse john mccain s presidential run wednesday at the white house . the two men will have a private lunch followed by a joint public statement .
each sent pcm message has the words please call me , the phone number of the caller , and space for an additional characters .
in its ruling monday , the court in frankfurt an der oder said it found no grounds for the claim of diminished responsibility .
kim , who had lost an election to park in , from a tokyo hotel .
that is similar to a june survey which showed lee with . percent and park with . percent .
it is quite obvious that as long as the u . s . maintains such stand , the two sides will only waste time no matter how frequently they negotiate and such talks will not be of any help to the settlement of the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , said a statement in pyongyang s official newspaper minju joson .
zardari and his son were speaking at a news conference after a meeting of the ppp leadership in naudero , near larkana in southern pakistan .
shaul mofaz , one of israel s deputy prime ministers , told israeli radio mediation is something to think about , but one thing needs to be made clear til the firing stops , we must continue with the policy that we are taking in gaza and not stop for even one hour .
i m very happy with my game , nadal said at a news conference . i played a serious match and i feel confident .
illinois governor rod blagojevich says he won t leave office and he will fight the corruption charges against him
al zawahiri also rebukes fatah for battling hamas in the palestinian territory , telling party members to return to your religion , your islam , your honor and your arabness .
the museum in the northern city of mosul also was pillaged , and baghdad s national library , which holds one of the oldest surviving copies of the quran , was set afire on monday and apparently looted .
instead of attacking the problem , he chooses to attack my solution .
you know , the days of just pork coming out of congress as a strategy , those days are over .
in a self commissioned survey , gartner asked business e mail users in a variety of occupations and job titles about the contents of their e mail in boxes .
and multiplatinum grammy winner kelly clarkson , who got her break only through winning the democratically elected american idol .
i resolved many years ago that it was my obligation to break the cycle that if i could be anything in life , i would be a good father to my girls , added obama , whose daughters , sasha and malia , and his wife , michelle , watched from the audience .
but it cannot delay the panel s establishment a second time , meaning the investigation will most likely be authorized next month .
the future inhabitants of sao paolo , bombay , lagos , jakarta and the like will live in squalid shanty towns with inadequate water and little sanitation .
meanwhile , a german journalist kidnapped in eastern afghanistan has been freed , the kunar province governor told cnn .
their three hours minutes battle nadal saved four match points was the longest three set match on the atp tour in years .
the cabinet debated the presidential election on monday and talks continued late into the evening at the ak party s executive board .
realizing the worthlessness of the currency , the rbz has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currency .
wall street is not happy with what pennsylvania avenue is demanding of jefferson avenue ?
president bush and first lady laura bush called her a remarkable woman of faith who inspired people around the world with her humor , intelligence , elegance , and kindness .
north korean delegation had a courtesy visit to the blue house .
sorenstam wasn t all that unhappy with her score , either , though her putter let her down throughout the tournament .
as evidence of lingering political immaturity , a group of lawmakers tuesday deserted from the uri party , demoting the beleaguered party to second place in the national assembly with seats .
at the finish line , there will be massage therapists like lexon allison .
flight took off from a , ft runway instead of the , ft runway which it should have used .
in press release last month , airbus said its demonstration tours are meant to help prepare the a for a smooth entry into service .
walid jumblatt , head of lebanon s progressive socialist party and a parliamentarian , called the killing a bloody message as it comes ahead of elections , reducing government supporters parliamentary majority bloc from to and increasing the difficulty of electing a free president for lebanon .
couples end up in sexually unfulfilling marriages for a variety of reasons , says marty klein , a licensed marriage counselor and certified sex therapist in palo alto , california .
prime minister al maliki s a good guy good man with a difficult job and i support him , bush said . and it s not up to the politicians in washington , d . c . , to say whether he will remain in his position .
the union rejected our effort to compromise and continues to require us to hire more people than we need .
early investors are paid off with funds raised from later ones .
she stands here today to take her to texas and put her in the ground all alone .
rice is in the region for a meeting with iraq s neighbors in kuwait on tuesday .
the consortium s offer was unopposed after barclays plc withdrew its rival bid friday , saying it had failed to receive even one percent of shares .
according to police , the boy has also accused his coach of torture and criminal intimidation .
he still awaits punishment .
he said fans should send a message to winehouse that her addiction and her behavior are not acceptable .
the dow is up points .
we saw them all and it s quite an experience , said grandfather jack kiewra . i m very pleased everything went well . we have six new healthy grandbabies and my daughter is fine .
for most of her ordeal she was kept in a tiny underground dungeon by priklopil . after her dramatic escape she emerged pale and ghostly white .
the blast killed four police officers and other people , including the bomber , army spokesman maj . gen waheed arshad said .
a spokesman for the federal agency for sea and inland water transport , aleksandr davydenko , said conditions in the kerch strait were worsening . twenty foot waves and winds gusting to mph were making the rescuers task difficult , davydenko said .
the pair were incredibly disappointed and devastated after concerts in london , cardiff , manchester , nottingham and glasgow were called off , polydor said in a statement .
it could be just about any small town in eastern europe , but definitely not western europe .
baker told the associated press that darfurians would not be immune from israel s ban on unauthorized immigrants .
microbes have been around for three billion years , and we ve been around for a lot less time than that .
when they leapt from the blazing train trapped in at least six carriages .
the u . s . military in baghdad said we are currently checking with iraqi authorities to confirm the accuracy of this information .
the crossing will be televised live at around a . m .
the commander said some members of the chinese army have resorted to walking to the site , carrying fuel on their backs , because the helicopters were unable to fly in the fog and rain .
wrongly reporting whereabouts is a flagrant violation of uci rules and is unacceptable , the bank said .
the report attributed the decline in the s to decelerating growth in manpower and productivity .
while the specific solutions pursued by every country may not be the same , agreeing on a common set of principles will be an essential step towards preventing similar crises in the future .
lower gasoline consumption would also reduce greenhouse gas emissions , a growing concern in the face of global warming .
the boat was traveling from the port of kupang to rote island , , km , miles from jakarta , when it lost radio contact with the shore .
in february , another bombardier plane operated by ana experienced landing gear problems .
at that time , a top rosoboronexport official said discussions centered on as many as five so called project varshavyanka submarines .
it s about doing all we can to repay the debt we owe to those men and women who have answered our nation s call by fighting under its flag .
yokosuka , japan cnn the oldest active ship in the u . s . navy , the aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk , made its final departure from japan on wednesday to be decommissioned after nearly half a century of service .
a rocky relationship with a spouse , a sick or colicky baby , anxiety about becoming a father and a history of depression can also contribute to the condition .
the money would fund military operations mostly in iraq through september , or the end of the federal fiscal year . afghanistan would receive a portion of the funding .
in a gesture to mend ties , japan is planning to return to seoul the remains of koreans who were forced into labor during world war ii , the asahi shimbun reported yesterday .
more dreams will be deferred and denied .
what s done is done .
members of the gujjar community part of india s centuries old , complex social caste order have engaged in clashes with police officers , who have opened fire in four districts , cnn s sister network , cnn ibn reported .
i m a ham , she said . i love a large audience .
bush said the vietnam war had taught the need for us patience over iraq .
the spread of the highly contagious bacterium said nurses at three hospitals run by the maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust were often too busy to wash their hands and left patients in their own excrement .
so she booked a fondue restaurant , hired a musical troupe to perform as the wiggles her daughter s favorite group and ordered a four layer cake .
there are many differences between the wars we fought in the far east and the war on terror we are fighting today , bush said . but one important similarity is that at their core , they are all ideological struggles .
the spacecraft was launched in .
india is now home to four of the richest people in the world , the highest number for a single country .
about drums containing low level nuclear waste at tokyo electric power co s tepco kashiwazaki kariwa nuclear power plant were knocked over by monday s earthquake and some lost their lids , kyodo news agency said on tuesday .
black , , was convicted in july of mail fraud and obstruction of justice .
the computer is nearly five times faster than the previous leader , according to a university of tennessee computer scientist who maintains an authoritative list of the world s fastest computers .
they are responsible to the situation in gaza .
the lightning strikes killed people in the neighboring districts of cox s bazar , noakhali and brahmmanbaria , the food and disaster management ministry said .
paul dive , the lead shuttle flight director , says the docking , about four hours ago went well
the north agreed in january to resume the nuclear negotiations after the united states offered unspecified concessions during rare bilateral talks in berlin , germany .
bushnell contrasts old and new money
even before all of the leaders had arrived , the us had flatly refused to sign up to a binding deal on slashing greenhouse gases , a key summit goal .
scientists and engineers want to send it in while it still appears healthy .
rare monkeys spotted in vietnam
it consistently blocks taiwanese attempts to join united nations bodies , but has made an exception for economic organizations such as the wto .
we need something to hap
it also offers live tracking so you can monitor your progress as you drive or walk along .
dozens of monks punching and kicking each other in a massive brawl .
the high level talks were last held in july , when the south refused to continue aid to the north after it test fired a series of missiles .
we ve won twice as many states , we ve won the popular vote by fairly substantial margins , we ve got a very big lead in pledged delegates and we competed , win or lose .
the second car crash patient survived that chopper crash .
also late saturday , israeli tanks conducted a limited incursion into northern gaza , east of beit hanoun , palestinian security sources said .
we wanted to call out some of the most popular videos and let the users choose which ones deserve some additional recognition , said jamie byrne , head of product marketing at youtube .
hill met with his north korean counterpart , vice foreign minister kim kye gwan .
another hurdle is the inefficiency of the process .
then , six weeks ago , he decided it should be obama s face .
how we tax the citizens .
the nll has served as a de facto maritime sea border in the west sea since the end of the korean war . in response , gnp chairman kang jae sup urged roh to be clear cut on the nll . he noted that he was surprised to hear roh s statement that the line should not be viewed as a territorial concept .
only four other players have accrued caps or more for england bobby charlton , bobby moore , billy wright and peter shilton .
sharapova expects to defend aussie title
he won national notoriety for harshly attacking lee in tv addresses and discussions during the presidential campaign .
it burnt down houses and buildings , leaving households without homes , but no casualties were reported .
a civic group monday released a list of , japanese collaborators during the colonial rule of korea , including former president park chung hee .
in the opening hours , firefox s web site was distributing nearly , copies of the free software every minute .
they were all shot exclusively for the fourth screen .
apple computer s steve jobs was quoted as saying that people will erect entire cities around it .
president george w . bush reaffirmed on saturday the principle of pursuing a peaceful and diplomatic solution to north korea s nuclear issue and promised to give top priority to the settlement of the prolonged problem .
however , the alleged plotters all from fatah , the party loyal to palestinian president mahmoud abbas have been released , despite admitting to the plot , the newspaper said , citing an israeli official .
pro taliban fighters seized an islamic shrine in restive northwestern pakistan and renamed it after the red mosque , where dozens of militants died this month in a showdown with government forces in the capital , officials said monday .
he was found unconscious at the apartment and pronounced dead , the new york police department said , adding that pills were found near the body .
perhaps the government needs to be more actively involved in driver qualification and training , he said .
we are trying to let people know that we need live music in these shows , said warren oates , a drummer with thoroughly modern millie .
the act of purchasing sex is not currently a criminal offense in england and wales
the taxi workers alliance an advocacy group rather than a labor union said gps devices would be an invasion of drivers privacy because they could track cabs movements .
the two presided over the spectacular collapse of the energy giant in and were also accused of lying to investors about its financial problems .
and none of them report having voluntarily changed careers , spouses , or hometowns as a result of any navel gazing .
one of the challenges that new york has always had is having enough rooms for tourists , said sean hennessey , ceo of industry consulting firm lodging investment advisors .
pakistani police set up on roadblocks leading into lahore and the government had warned sharif supporters they would be blocked from entering the city .
gen . alexander zelin said he already had made an official proposal to use the s missile defense system to provide security for the games .
officers have never previously cracked down on the use of marijuana in the kitchen or said the practice was a particular problem .
he said , you know i love you , goldberg said wednesday on abc daytime talk show the view .
when she started writing erotic fiction in her spare time and e mailing it to friends and online acquaintances , it made sense to keep calling herself zane after all , she couldn t be sure who was reading her work .
earlier , thomas sobakam , chief of meteorology for the douala airport , said the plane nose dived into the swamp and disintegrated on impact . the plane fell head first .
brazil s environmental protection agency had called off its search for the whale late friday after losing track of the mammal in the tapajos river .
members of the six party talks also agreed to hold informal discussions early next month in beijing to set the table for further negotiations and follow up measures entailed in the feb .
life on earth is disappearing fast and will continue to do so unless urgent action is taken , the iucn warned .
the u . s . dollar fell to an all time low against the nation euro tuesday as traders awaited housing data from washington .
we have the means several countries have the means to destroy a bomb .
he told cnn he will appeal to the th circuit court of appeals , as expected , a process expected to take at least several months .
last month , justice minister hatoyama came under fire over his assertion that a friend of his had an acquaintance who was a member of the al qaeda terrorist group .
we are hoping that the u . n . secretary general and our partners realize the destructive implications of unilateral scenarios and actions violating the u . n . charter and will refrain from taking steps that can create a destructive precedent for international relations , russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said in a written statement .
the cracks fill with water and slice off and topple . . . that gets to be a runaway situation .
every eu member nation is sending a representative to attend a formal signing of the treaty in the portuguese capital .
if we look at movies , television , books , there s always a fear that somehow they re going to keep us from making contact and creating human relationships .
aung kyi viewed as a moderate was appointed as the liaison officer amid international pressure following september s bloody crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations .
a suicide car bomber rammed a minibus filled with afghan national army soldiers south of kabul wednesday , killing people , including six soldiers , said military spokesman gen . mohammed zahir azimi .
christopher hill , u . s . chief negotiator for the six nation talks , proposed the idea of interrupting oil supplies at a meeting in beijing , on effort the report said .
so far they are looking for any survivors from that helicopter crash .
it was not clear what effect the strikes would have on construction of the burj dubai and other buildings in the port city .
simpson requested an attorney and was still at police headquarters late sunday afternoon , dillon said .
the korea herald reports the government and the ruling party are considering whether to be more lenient with some of the students disqualified from this year s state run college entrance tests for carrying cellular phones or other banned items into exam venues .
countries not doing enough to combat human trafficking could face sanctions if they don t take steps to improve .
u . s . officials have said that the proposal tying activation of the european sites to proof of an iranian threat was presented to the russians by gates and secretary of state condoleezza rice earlier this month .
at this time , no further factual information is available , airbus said . in line with international convention , airbus will provide full technical assistance to the authorities of france , who will be responsible for the investigation into the accident .
troops attacked the mosque overnight and took control of most of the complex during heavy fighting which raged as they went from room to room throughout the day .
in , tokyo district court found miyazaki guilty of killing four girls aged from years to in and and sentenced him to death .
it s low in calories , and rich in vitamins .
aid workers said north korea was short of even basic equipment like sutures and intravenous drips , and that donated goods were being used up as quickly as they could be supplied .
with percent of precincts reporting , cnn projected clinton the winner of the first in the nation primary with percent of the vote to obama s .
we will not react to demands from the taliban , merkel said in an interview with germany s ard public television when asked if she would consider bringing german troops home . we will not give in to blackmail , that would be dangerous .
riots continue across greece after teen killed by police
korea university permanently expelled seven students on wednesday as a penalty for detaining nine professors earlier this month , according to the joong ang ilbo . korea university is one of the top three universities of the country .
the governing camp is likely to propose changing the current military conscription system to a voluntary one as a campaign pledge in next year s presidential election , a political analyst said wednesday .
the groups say the new numbers put the number of people newly infected each year with the virus at , instead of , .
since that time , more than people have been sentenced to death , and at least people including hussein have been executed , according to amnesty .
woods also won player of the year from the pga of america , a points based system . the pga tour award is a vote and phil mickelson was only other player on the ballot .
but an early morning stroll along cairns seaside promenade and park is a must .
more than hostages were rescued , including all non russians and children , when special forces stormed the building .
the carter center recently purchased million mosquito nets for distribution in western ethiopia .
the casualty toll could rise as rescue workers sifted through rubble for more victims .
with one day before the legislative elections , the governing conservative grand national party gnp claimed monday that it was heading toward victory .
but the council now has decided to hold off on a decision while its attorney researches whether the proposal conflicts with a state law that pre empts local anti tobacco ordinances , gartner said .
that would make february an astounding fundraising month for the democrats . at that rate , both candidates would break records for contestants in a primary fight .
on the season , the yankees were for . with runners in scoring position .
dubai authorities deny any evidence was concealed .
korea has been often criticized for being too stingy in its spending to help poorer countries .
in london , brent crude futures rose cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
how do the drugs get into the water ?
the three were arrested along with four others at the site .
zambian finance minister ng andu magande told the associated press hu s visit was one of the most successful visits by a foreign head of state .
it would have been a more powerful letter had they signed , of course , but it s nonetheless a very significant demonstration of the depth of feeling in the australian parliament on this issue , allison later told australian broadcasting corp . radio .
with six days until the presidential election , the latest polls indicate john mccain is behind in states he must win to be elected .
they are demanding japan issue an official apology once and for all for what happened to the estimated , comfort women many of whom ranged in age from to more than years ago .
ronaldo is the fourth manchester united player to win the ballon d or golden ball and the first since fellow winger george best in .
mr . annan very much regrets this delay but he is in touch with other members of the panel of eminent african personalities .
no specific date has been set yet , but host nation china will inform the participating countries today when the talks are to resume , song min soon , south korea s chief delegate to the talks , told a news briefing .
she is under the care of david uip , a specialist in infectious diseases , and gynecologist jose aristodemo pinotti , the hospital said in a statement .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said the formation of a new palestinian government creates an opportunity for renewed peace moves , the associated press reported sunday .
witnesses said rioters were setting fire to buildings in protest at the result ,
the cuban government did not say how much cell phones will cost , but it currently costs more than to activate a line .
the benchmark kospi closed down . points , or . percent , at . , while the tech heavy kosdaq market shed . points , or . percent , finishing at . .
but it s also testimony to the reverence tokyoites have for fresh ingredients prepared with the utmost care .
expensive computers or tvs are another area where consumers may have some wiggle room .
the attack on wednesday killed two u . s . soldiers and wounded at camp victory , which is near baghdad international airport .
he later appeared in episodes of star trek the next generation and the film father hood .
obama and his family will start their day long journey with an event in philadelphia , then board the train and pick up vice president elect joe biden and his family in wilmington , delaware , making one more stop in baltimore , before rolling into washington .
the unconfirmed reports from tribal leaders to iraqi government officials indicate that abu ayyub al masri , the leader of al qaeda in iraq , was killed tuesday in fighting between al qaeda militants and sunni tribal fighters from abu ghraib and falluja .
he had been diagnosed with cancer about nine months ago , said dart .
clinton added the differences between her and obama are minimal compared with the democrats differences with sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee .
of his matches on clay since april , his only defeat coming against federer in the final of the hamburg masters in may .
when the achievement was announced on the steps of new zealand s parliament a couple of days later , acting prime minister keith holyoake said hillary has put the british race and new zealand on top of the world .
qanbar said eight sheikhs had been abducted , but one was killed sunday while resisting .
lo foresees a future in which permanent space outposts could line the superhighway , serving as supply depots for human explorers traveling along the same routes .
hoteltrasteverehouse . it .
the north s abandonment of its nuclear programs is the way for the north to develop its economy , lee said .
while the incident angered iraq s government , al zaidi has been hailed as a hero by many iraqis protesting his detention .
according to the liverpool echo web site year old club captain and england international gerrard spent the night in police custody and was still being quizzed about the claims on monday .
japan s kyodo news agency reported friday that the government was considering sending two more aegis equipped destroyers to the waters in response to the possible threat .
according to the american heart association , more than million americans have some form of cardiovascular disease .
the home s windows were blown out , entire sections demolished , and piles of concrete , ashy trees and shrubbery were scattered across the property .
sen . barack obama s campaign pushed for the documents release , arguing that their review is necessary to make a full evaluation of clinton s experience as first lady .
the catholic church considers homosexual intercourse to be a sin
counsel and white house liaison to gonzales .
a senior police official , ishwar singh , told reporters that the explosion was caused by a single bomb .
the commander of u . s .
the event is the first democratic debate since obama s convincing victory saturday in south carolina .
rome , italy cnn a strike by italian truck drivers that has caused shortages of food , fuel and medicine across the country has ended at least for now .
growing challenges from foreign it firms came to the fore monday when intel corp .
the two were seized in pakistan following the u . s . invasion of afghanistan , although specifics of exactly why and when they were detained are not clear .
the latest polls show mccain is trailing barack obama .
hurling shoes at someone , or sitting so that the bottom of a shoe faces another person , is considered an insult among muslims .
march is when obama has said he would bring u . s . troops home from iraq , according to legislation he introduced in the senate .
simon will jump to no . in monday s atp world rankings , having upset top ranked rafael nadal in an epic semifinal on saturday to reach his fourth final of .
their bodies are tied with bricks so they sink .
bhutto was not hurt but other people were injured .
us officials say they hope to disable the reactor by the end of the year .
and the number is expected to increase steeply as workers have yet to gain access to many houses due to accumulated heavy snow , according to the agency .
auction staff unpacked and displayed more than , lots including rhinestone studded costumes , faded documents and other mementoes at the hard rock hotel and casino .
others are covered because they use a major credit card .
on monday , the disgraced candidate was caught with a confidant by the gangwon provincial election commission attempting to offer million won to voters .
a ton bowhead whale caught off the alaskan coast last month had a weapon fragment embedded in its neck that showed it survived a similar hunt more than a century ago .
in britain , growth will slow to . percent this year and next . france also will see growth decelerate to . percent this year and . percent next year .
about hopefuls visit each day to see if their lost keys , briefcases and billfolds are in the labyrinth of gray steel cabinets .
were reported wounded .
three people died and were wounded during raucous celebrations in which people fired guns into the air .
yoo , who is , was indicted in january on charges of embezzling . billion won , evading . billion won in taxes and colluding with other lone star executives to manipulate the stock price of keb s credit card unit keb credit service co .
the zoo announced thursday that the cub is female .
hamburg based lufthansa technik also dismissed the reports , but an official said they were anticipating a firm order for the a from a different private customer .
the ex wife of the accused shooter says that robert stewart could be a violent man
the tobacco industry employs predatory marketing strategies to get young people hooked to their addictive drug , said douglas bettcher , director of the agency s tobacco free initiative .
his previous best major finish was fourth in the british open at muirfield in .
skiing here can be a good deal too , parents say , with kids and under skiing free and adult lifts at moonlight basin a day and big sky less than at many other major resorts .
another witness said people started running frantically from the von maur area saying there was a shooting .
deutsche bahn said two thirds of long distance high speed trains were operating along with percent of regional services .
academy award winner michael moore s controversial documentary fahrenheit opened in theatres in korea during the weekend .
president bush has expressed condolences to the indian prime minister over the attacks .
a local newspaper printed a picture of a kettle shaped capsule , which appeared to be about two meters long , lying amid broken bricks , beams and roof tiles .
thanks to a collaborative effort with american scientists , the wolong staff was able to reverse the trend .
now , scientists are planning humanity s closest visit yet to our most familiar star .
the first billion out of that billion federal bailout s being readied for the nation s largest banks .
our top priority in these cases has always been to identify children victims and move swiftly to remove them from these dangerous environments , fbi director robert mueller said in a news conference .
russia has no actual interest in the highly costly build up of forces because it faces no real military threat and has no plans to launch an attack of its won , he said .
jabbar yawar said three planes bombed positions in a mountainous area north of irbil for about an hour .
in his first interview since the north carolina and indiana primaries , the democratic presidential candidate said he thinks the united states influence around the world has been diminishing .
mansfield suggested that diana did not trust the police .
the fires have already destroyed , structures including , homes and they still threaten , more , schwarzenegger said wednesday .
it s going to hurt our economy and hurt jobs in america .
of them , yi seok is the only grandson living in south korea .
it is expected to take about two or three days for the ship to reach the north korean port .
senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee chairman joe lieberman , i connecticut , who steered the legislation through the senate with sen . susan collins , r maine , said it would make our nation stronger , our cities and towns more secure and our families safer .
women love being treated well without the pressures that come with dating , she says .
mansfield wanted the queen to be asked whether she had warned diana s former butler , paul burrell , of other forces or powers at work within the state , as burrell claimed .
the whole building just collapsed
there are nearly million teen pregnancies each year .
cheong wa dae has almost finalized the new lineup for top security and diplomatic posts , which will be announced as early as today .
it s obama administration officials signaling chrysler will file for chapter bankruptcy protection
they were screaming , and five minutes later they stopped screaming , perry said .
paris cnn divers trained in archaeology discovered a marble bust of an aging caesar in the rhone river that france s culture ministry said tuesday could be the oldest known .
the mount ruapehu eruption sent mud sweeping through a ski area , prompting officials to evacuate the zone and close nearby roads , local district council spokesman paul wheatcroft said .
he was recruited to work in australia from halton general hospital near liverpool , england , an official at that hospital told cnn .
analysts said the north s recent diplomatic actions , coming after the u . n . security council imposed sanctions in response to its nuclear test , were encouraging but it was best to be cautious until pyongyang actually delivered on its pledges .
thai protesters to end siege as pm ousted
her parents , who were vacationing with her in portugal , have said she disappeared from their room at a resort while they dined in a nearby restaurant .
parliament was scheduled to meet friday to try for a fifth time to elect a president , but there were indications that the session would be canceled .
sharif s pakistan muslim league n party will participate in the election , despite its concerns about vote rigging .
the carrier has aircraft , a fleet of supporting warships and more than , sailors and marines .
there were important lessons for the business world in the findings , said liuba belkin of lehigh .
unification minister designate nam joo hong , a north korea expert teaching at kyonggi university , also offered to withdraw over allegations of illicit real estate dealings and his family members dual citizenship .
police in hopkinton , massachusetts , discovered the bodies of his wife , rachel , , and his month old daughter , lillian , in the master bedroom of their home on january , , after responding to a missing persons report filed by the victims relatives .
the tests also confirmed two additional outbreaks of the virus in busan , bringing to the total number of outbreaks in south korea , he said .
however , south korean refineries raised profits by deciding consumer prices based on the most recent international crude oil prices despite their oil reserves , they argue . the korea times reports major south korean oil refineries and gas stations are enjoying increasing profits despite surging international crude oil prices .
parts of the report were cited by military chief of staff gen . hermogenes esperon in a strongly worded letter to the commission , seen by the associated press , that blasted its findings as unfair and baseless .
consider ma s latest album , songs of joy and peace , the first holiday themed release of his career .
the storm has already claimed at least six lives in the eastern caribbean but largely spared the cayman islands earlier on monday .
an iraqi diplomat said that no progress was made in talks with turkish officials friday in ankara about the iraqi turkey border situation and that the iraqi delegation planned to head back home .
damaging moais is punishable under a law protecting national monuments .
you feel worse after web surfing instead of better
benjamin ginsberg was the second person to quit the bush campaign over ties to the group , the so called swift boat veterans for truth , which has been attacking kerry s record through television commercials and a book .
brussels , belgium the european union said friday it would extend what it called an open invitation to members of the cuban government to visit brussels on condition that the human rights situation on the communist island is discussed .
so williams who got a bit of attention for her accident with wasabi which wound up on the walls of the space station may have to wait a little longer to go to her favorite sushi restaurant in houston .
north korea has tentatively agreed to close down its nuclear weapons program in exchange for energy aid , u . s . and chinese officials said tuesday .
but taking into account the poll s sampling error of plus or minus . percentage points for democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie .
hurricane dean was the first hurricane of the atlantic season , hitting mexico twice in august .
the motorcycle maker also is closing some facilities and consolidating others in wisconsin and pennsylvania .
a ministerial meeting of the parties in east asia would follow at the end of july , hill said .
it also travels through almost tunnels , including the . mile moffat tunnel , which passes underneath the continental divide .
john darwin , , admitted obtaining money by deception and obtaining a false passport .
one reason behind the tightening of the race appears to be a drop in the number of people who think mccain , if elected , will mostly carry out president bush s policies .
stocks have been modestly higher in early trading this morning on news of a deal involving drug makers merck and schering plough .
former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt who has dual french colombian nationality is among the farc s hostages in colombia .
family , colleagues and employers have also denied the allegations .
in his acceptance speech , chung stressed the internal unity needed to win the election and establish a unified government .
fewer than million , or about one third of the population , living in agricultural areas can buy at the markets .
were demolished by the ruling taliban regime in march .
rain would weaken as man yi veers off into the pacific ocean by monday , the meteorological agency said .
lower weekly rates with the sixth night free are available in june .
unep s report , in dead water released in january , says as much as percent of the world s main fish catch species have now been exploited beyond or close to their harvest capacity .
her comments to cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer were the most definitive made by a top ranking u . s . official regarding pakistan s connection to the november attack on mumbai , in which more than were killed and hundreds of others were wounded .
they regard that kind of fear of government as prudent .
the first set of files was made available to members of the public in may .
mccain s running mate , gov . sarah palin , was standing with him , but she did not speak .
similarities between the sunday night fire and the blaze led to the investigation of a man identified only as mr . chae , said kim young su , chief of police of the namdaemun police station .
the japanese electronics and entertainment conglomerate was hit hard last year by massive costs to launch the playstation ps game console and recall . million units of its laptop pc batteries , which in rare cases could catch fire from overheating .
the us side , taking into consideration the importance of the japan us alliance have accepted the most recent japan defence agency proposal and plan , us deputy under secretary of defence richard lawless said .
iraq government was mired in confusion .
the city s emergency plan kicked in , and about firefighters in training had reported for duty to help , he said . city firefighters had gone to buildings in the capital to free people from elevators .
but oil industry analyst phil flynn says , those profits are about average in terms of return on an investment .
new york cnn children should be screened for heart problems with an electrocardiogram before getting drugs such as ritalin to treat hyperactivity and attention deficit disorder , the american heart association recommended monday .
people get terribly anxious , says dr . arthur barsky , professor of psychiatry at harvard medical school . one woman who came to see me was convinced she had melanoma .
turkey s controversial foreign minister abdullah gul has been sworn in as the country s new president .
try traditional gender roles
its heads , appointed under the previous administration , are considered progressives , but the new government has conservative leanings .
fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed that the impending announcement of an engagement , and the princess alleged pregnancy , provoked a murderous plot against the couple directed by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii .
flood warnings and flood advisories all over the northern part of the state , but because the storm system was moving across the state we ve also had tornado watches , and hail sightings and funnel cloud sightings in the southern part of the state .
ask the mayors of texas with you today ?
but the industry s safety is being questioned and shinzo abe said the problems were not reported soon enough .
the new leadership reiterated that it cannot agree to the key issue in the bills whether to prevent companies from using non regular workers .
south korean media have reported that the somali pirates were demanding between , and million , and , in ransom .
by building up the companies based on their original business models , the markets were saying , you re doing the right thing
establish a set of steps to help you reach your goal .
sea shepherd say japanese conditions for the handover are unacceptable .
ghazi abdul rashid said they would lay down their arms if the security forces ceased firing and did not arrest them .
. forgetting where you ve applied and interviewed
there is every indication that will be a bumper year for the major studios which have had a number of big blockbusters under their belts , said paul degarabedian of box office trackers exhibitor relations .
jay yadav at the cleveland clinic foundation .
describing it as a blunder , grenada prime minister keith mitchell pledged an investigation into how the royal grenada police band could have prepared the anthem of taiwan instead of china , which has waged an aggressive campaign in the caribbean to woo nations away from relationships with its rival .
the iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at president george w . bush remains in a baghdad jail while his brother alleges torture .
the change we seek is still months and miles away , obama said tuesday night in houston , texas . it is going to take more than big rallies .
the united states , for its part , accepted three korean demands .
then the wind turned brisk , the blue sky ashen gray .
elected to the osaka legislature in , otsuji helped change laws to make it easier for same sex couples to rent public housing .
he said about a dozen climbers scaled everest on sunday following one of the busiest weeks in the mountain s climbing season .
lip o suction , in which you kiss the upper lip while your partner kisses the lower lip , and then you reverse .
norihiko akagi , who is accused of financial irregularities , offered his resignation and prime minister shinzo abe accepted it , a spokesman said .
the house narrowly endorsed a major trade bill that president bush says could be a key to american supremacy in the world economy america has fallen behind as a trade leader , bill thomas , r california , the chief sponsor of the bill .
the territory is also undergoing what is considered the world s largest construction boom .
the . billion expansion is expected to double the mile canal s capacity
i think that we re looking at to see where we can move forward , whether that s on energy transformation , on improving health care , on stem cell research , he said .
a year old boy broke into a popular outback zoo , fed a string of animals to the resident crocodile and bashed several lizards to death with a rock , the zoo s director said friday .
at a news conference on march , jiang xiaoyu , executive vice president of bocog , reiterated that the torch relay program was intended to convey the message of peace and harmony and that any attempts to disrupt the torch relay were against the spirit of the olympic games . . . those activities will not win hearts and minds of people and therefore are doomed to failure .
that s because his wife jennifer was in labor and they were rushing to the hospital .
lebron blamed president bush for the outcome of the trial and said there was not enough evidence in the case to convict her son .
anywhere you walk in the community is history , said clarence cooper , manager of sylvia s .
so far we ve been assured the disruptions should be manageable but it remains to be seen , jessica chambers , a spokeswoman for the england rugby supporters club .
he didn t swing an elbow but he gave the referee no chance .
i have been in business for years , and i was here for y k , september , katrina , conatser said , as a steady stream of customers browsed what remained of his stock . and all of those were big events , and we did notice a spike in business , but nothing on the order of what we are seeing right now .
truckers and taxi drivers slowed traffic around paris business district to a crawl tuesday in a protest over rising fuel prices , and hundreds of fishermen demonstrated in london to demand government help .
the american author of best selling book that attacks barack obama s being unfit to be president is being deported from kenya .
just in those pages of the pilot , i got this glimpse of a whole life , says hunter , noting she was hooked after reading only pages of the script .
especially when you ve got money .
financial stocks , hardest hit in the recent selloff , led the rebound in markets , driving msci s index of asian financial stocks up . percent .
he posts it up on naver knowledge in , a popular online q a service with some million entries .
his only surviving child has now told the governor of new york she would like to succeed hillary clinton in the u . s .
the companies all presented plans to congress tuesday for how they would use federal loans to return to profitability .
tokyo , japan cnn temperatures hit record highs in japan on thursday as a heat wave swept through the country , leaving at least seven people dead over the last few days .
maj . gen . mohammed al askari , iraq defense ministry spokesman , told cnn that butler was freed by soldiers at about noon monday .
south korea s yonhap news agency said a mushroom cloud up to km in diameter was seen after the blast in an area near missile bases in ryanggang province in the remote northeast near the border with china .
some have shown too much defensiveness , and have not shown enough focus on digging into and addressing the problems .
the cult excavated the cave system themselves after kuznetsov told his followers to hide themselves away to await the end of the world , which he predicted will take place next may , according to russian media reports .
a radioactive leak at a major power plant in japan damaged by an earthquake on monday was worse than previously thought , the plant s operators say .
the philharmonic orchestra , of which the prince is patron , was to play for invited members of the extended royal family and assorted society figures .
he is scheduled to depart for tokyo the following day .
the dead , year old jung in young and hwang sung hae , who was , fell out of the basket as it flipped over and died after the fall as they were rushed to hospital , according to police .
the strikes are the second industrial action to face sarkozy since he took office earlier this year promising to revive france s economy and open up the job market by stripping away enshrined labor protections .
the reported meeting followed gambari s talks with senior government officials in naypyitaw on saturday and with pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi in yangon on sunday to seek a peaceful resolution to the ongoing clashes .
iraqi defense ministry spokesman mohammed al askari could not confirm sunday s reports , but restated that iraq s official position is to resolve all issues with neighboring countries including turkey diplomatically , based on iraq s constitution and law .
inmarsat will first roll out its swift service with isdn integrated services digital network internet access , which it expects to be fully operational on corporate aircraft within a few months , the company said in a statement .
the giant packet will be sealed and kept in collinsville , once home to a ketchup factory , for a few days before being taken to the pittsburgh based company s headquarters .
in march , during surgery to remove a growth from his abdomen , doctors discovered that the cancer had returned and spread to his liver .
but i continue to think they don t want to waste their shot here on something that isn t fairly spectacular , one counterterrorism official said .
life will return to all of iraq as before , he said .
a half brother of osama bin laden says the terrorist s family has its own information that bin laden is alive and that he does not have kidney disease requiring dialysis .
death resulted from a car crash with christopher at the wheel , but tony , by then fed up with his destructive behavior , made sure the accident was decisive .
seoul also made it clear that such an incident should not be allowed to occur again .
however , lotte world thus far has not made safety adjustments and is not planning to renovate its facilities until march .
winery staff keep their virtual vintners up to date with e mails and web postings .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistani forces tuesday raided a controversial mosque where anti government militants are holed up , and killed its radical islamic cleric and more than other people , pakistani officials said .
witnesses at the conference said the mood was somber and much less celebratory than at previous conferences .
yahoo s board formally rejected microsoft corp . s bid in february , saying it undervalues the company .
ankara , turkey cnn secretary of state condoleezza rice assured turkish officials friday that kurdish rebels based in northern iraq were a common threat and that the united states would help ankara in its fight against them .
authorities immediately closed off access to the college and put the city on high alert .
the idea , say administrators at the two ultra prestigious schools in england , is to see how well prospective students can think , not just how much they know .
syria has denied any involvement in the killings and said the u . n . tribunal investigating hariri s death is a violation of its sovereignty .
no doubt the trail of photographers who constantly pursue her will show the world if she s serious .
lee s elder brother was one of tens of thousands of taiwanese drafted into the japanese military during colonial rule .
while the boy was playing with friends , the snake attacked and wrapped itself around him , police officer hudson augusto said .
third placed independent candidate lee hoi chang also congratulated lee .
the killing continued over the weekend , as machete wielding tribal gangs roamed the western part of the country , torching homes and hunting each other down .
the frozen squid will be transported to new zealand s national museum , te papa , in the capital , wellington , to be preserved for scientific study .
the downpour has been thrashing the country for three months .
was shut out of the best director and best drama categories .
clinton was ahead by percent in the same matchup in june , percent to percent .
they named him in honor of the next president .
it is clear that using the web to sell stuff to people
washington acknowledges the secret transfer of suspects to third countries but denies torturing them or handing them to countries that did .
a special exemption is granted to those territories whose national committees were recognized before , said filliau , who directs the ioc s relations with national committees .
for more than a century , though , the photograph was hidden in an album that belonged to the family of thaxter spencer , an year old man in waltham .
the shuttle touched down at kennedy space center at p . m . et , days after its departure on a mission to help assemble parts of the international space station .
add grams of plant stanols and sterols to your daily diet
but if a small tour organizer takes small groups say , people maximum per group versus the standard to who stay in centrally located hotels , its competitive advantage is clear .
roosevelt hospital center , who was not involved in the study .
clinton will sign copies of his memoir , my life , at the sheraton walker hill hotel thursday night .
the stock exchange of hong kong indefinitely halted trading in gome electrical appliances holding ltd . amid reports of a police investigation of wong kwong yu , the company s chairman , executive director and controlling shareholder , the company said in a statement .
berlin zoo denied any link .
department of defense created a computer link between defense companies and universities doing military research .
people need to appreciate that if they re warm , clever , funny and kind online , then these qualities belong to them .
a rat believed to be extinct for million years , a spider with a foot long legspan , and a hot pink cyanide producing dragon millipede are among the thousand newly discovered species in the largely unexplored mekong delta region .
a sao paulo catholic parents association recently filed a petition with , signatures calling for more discretion .
the main terrorist cell was based in the northern italian region of lombardy and involved what investigators called a long term jihadist program which provided military and ideological training .
approximately innocent men who were inside the mosque performing sunset prayers were killed and became martyrs , bayan jabr added in an interview on dubai based al arabiya television .
if authenticated , the preserved frog would be the first of its kind found in mexico , according to david grimaldi , a biologist and curator at the american museum of natural history who was not involved in the find .
some obama supporters including former air force gen . tony mcpeak have interpreted that statement as an attack on obama s patriotism .
although the unit tested fine , nasa ran out of time to meet a tuesday launch , said nasa spokesman george diller .
endeavour departed , space station commander fyodor yurchikhin said as ringing bells heralded the shuttle s parting , a tradition borrowed from the navy .
senators approved an amendment to the stimulus package that allows new car buyers to deduct the sales tax and car loan interest payments from their taxes .
prosecutors tuesday raided five more companies in an expanding probe into the slush fund scandal surrounding the hyundai automotive group .
we must show courage in a time of blessing by confronting problems instead of passing them on to future generations .
it separately said it would halt its seven month boycott of talks with seoul .
the next special session is to open in april .
bert van marwijk will succeed marco van basten as coach of the netherlands on a two year contract after the european championship finals in austria and switzerland in june .
that s why oil prices are rising despite opec s decision on tuesday to boost crude production by , barrels per day this fall , analysts said .
in the first four months of this year , more than , people have been killed , according to official figures . many get run over crossing the tracks , too rushed or tired to use pedestrian overpasses .
south korea suspended its aid after the july missile tests .
near the mystery piano
president bush s spokesman on monday denied a published report that described intensifying debate among white house officials over whether to begin a gradual pullback of u . s . troops in iraq .
closer to the epicenter , residents of bengkulu province panicked and fled their homes , said john aglionby , a reporter for the financial times , from jakarta .
travel and leisure stocks were standout gainers , with hotel group accor rallying percent and intercontinental hotel up percent as private equity firm blackstone group agreed to buy hilton hotels for about billion plus debt , spurring talk of further industry consolidation .
rinyadi says the primate population has exploded due to dwindling predators , but drought has led to food shortages .
although the creature can t move around , a person can feel it breathing and purring .
there s also bad news in retail sales , down . in november
first came the world s largest ketchup bottle .
the first question got right to the point .
interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema , citing reports , said that many of the injuries were serious .
germany is criss crossed by a series of autobahns in what some critics say is a close approximation of a swastika
without any intervention , pentagon officials have said they believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march .
fewer than half of the high speed tgv trains were running monday , said phillipe routier , a spokesman for the rail authority sncf .
opposition conservative lawmaker liam fox said the failure of several nato countries to match the commitment shown by britain , the united states , canada and the netherlands , called the future of the alliance into question .
guerrillas assaulted nine police stations , overturning several , and battled u . s . and iraqi troops around bridges across the tigris river in the city , where a curfew was imposed a day earlier .
that the state of emergency remained a viable option for pakistan s leader , according to cnn pentagon correspondent barbara starr .
gnp leaders reaction came as the prosecution widened its investigation on the role gnp nominee lee allegedly played in the stock price manipulation by the year old kim .
at the time , it had bombardiers in its fleet and had placed orders for more .
to say no to the referendum is to say no to chavez read some of the placards the students paraded .
boys were arrested on suspicion of gang raping middle school girls from miryang .
the russian mission involves a nuclear powered icebreaker smashing through the ice to clear a path to the pole for the command ship akademik fedorov .
in the early s , a young psychologist at yale began what became one of the most widely recognized experiments in his field .
new data from nasa s themis mission , a quintet of satellites launched this winter , found the energy comes from a stream of charged particles from the sun flowing like a current through twisted bundles of magnetic fields connecting earth s upper atmosphere to the sun .
it s not coming straight from the shuttle , nasa spokeswoman brandi dean said . people here think this is very interesting and you don t hear of it often if at all .
an unknown number of the estimated million to million american civilians living outside the united states , as well as hundreds of thousands of military personnel , have cast absentee votes sent to them by their home state , while others have had to submit a federal emergency write in ballot .
hanso devi moved to new delhi from rajasthan with just one hope
scientists say the disorder underscores the influence pop culture can have on mental conditions .
the transport strikes were triggered by sarkozy s plan to reform special retirement benefits for certain public sector workers .
it was his th career world cup win , the previous coming in january .
the action , which was also reported yesterday by major japanese news organizations and foreign media , marks the first time that japan has barred the import of korean made electronics , korea s major export item .
calm down and take a look at what s going on , and ask yourself a simple question
with mounting u . s . casualties and the looming deadlines of u . s . presidential elections in november and the june transfer of sovereignty to iraq , questions are increasingly being raised over how america will get out of iraq .
we will never give up the fight for justice . . . just as we are bound together in our memories of the terrorist attacks , so too , we must be bound together in our resolve , he said .
given the millions of prescriptions for insomnia drugs , katz called the problem rare , and said he was unaware of any deaths .
diamond sells for recession busting . m
the korean government issued a typhoon warning on southern coastal areas yesterday as powerful typhoon nabi approached the peninsula .
the us military said the dead were part of a network that was smuggling weapons from iran , but witnesses said women and children were among those killed .
mccain s plan would let individual states decide whether to explore drilling possibilities .
a new poll suggests that president bush is the most unpopular president in modern american history .
little known in his home country , the boyish looking u . s . assistant secretary of state has become a celebrity in china s capital and not just for his role as washington s chief envoy in talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program .
the explosions set off bursts of flames and a billowing stack of black smoke that could be seen for miles .
south korea s list of punitive measures that will be reported to the united nations on monday does not include any new steps to support the security council s resolution resulting from north korea s nuclear test , officials in seoul said on sunday .
but , he added , i m hesitant to make the olympics a site of political protest because i think it s partly about bringing the world together .
the coach has dilemma , a family dilemma , he said . the health of his wife has deteriorated .
the saddest part is we , as adults , had to address them as such , he added .
interpol posted six photos of the suspect on its web site .
the report took more than five years to complete .
it plans to call in the iranian ambassador to seoul to check whether the ban was an official decision of the tehran government .
a herd of wild elephants driven berserk by country liquor trampled to death six people , among them four children , during a rampage in india s northeastern state of assam .
the united nations found that korea still has plenty of room for improvement with regard to discrimination against women despite recent progress promoting gender equality .
some theorists have suggested the aircraft was shot down in flight , and that the pentagon was struck by a missile .
u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states is very concerned about the chinese crackdown on tibetan protesters .
at the end of a concert in shanghai .
london , england cnn prince harry is immediately being withdrawn from afghanistan because of the media s disclosure of his deployment there , the british ministry of defense said friday .
the judge gave the dishwasher until the end of january to leave the country on his own .
about . million iraqis have fled to neighboring countries mostly jordan and syria . another . million are displaced within iraq , the report says .
in barcelona , between , and , people , according to figures given by city hall and organizers , protested against the war , calling for the resignation of prime minister jose maria aznar , one of the strongest pro war allies of u . s .
we hit the politics because it s in culture . . . an extreme amount right now .
bush said that the basin potentially contains more than three times as much recoverable oil as saudi arabia s proven reserves , and that the high price of oil makes it profitable to extract it .
the bold , or , has twice the screen resolution of the current curve model , making for a very sharp display .
sarkozy made an appeal to her captors the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as farc on french television late wednesday .
the accident knocked out power and disabled elevators in the mine , which is built like an underground city , complete with trains , trucks and cars .
is this a market place ?
it s going on in washington this morning .
amazon destruction jumped percent in august when compared to the same month a year ago , according to a report from brazil s national institute for space research .
the government plans to close most press rooms in ministry offices and consolidate them into a few briefing rooms as early as july .
there are many examples of marines who adopt pets and bring them back from iraq and demonstrate their compassion on a daily basis , he said .
deputy foreign minister choe su hon said the country now had enough food , due to a good harvest , and accused the us of using aid as a political weapon .
a suicide car bomber slammed into a truck loaded with cooking gas cylinders at a checkpoint manned by iraqi soldiers and members of a local awakening council a grass roots movement that fights al qaeda in iraq .
town officials approved the bounty after receiving numerous complaints , ranging from a cat attacking a small dog to a dozen cats showing up at the bowl when a resident tried to feed his own cat .
phnom penh , cambodia cnn khieu samphan , the former khmer rouge head of state , was arrested monday by a u . n . backed genocide tribunal after being taken from a hospital where he was being treated following a stroke , officials said .
the aid base offers a place to relax there are soccer balls , frisbees and small classrooms with mats where children can take naps .
sarkozy said putin s trip to tehran could encourage iran to be more cooperative .
those who believe passion inevitably fades may downplay the sex factor , picking someone they think would be a good father or a good wife even if they re not an ideal lover , berman adds .
a u . n . report released in january predicted global temperatures increases of . to . degrees fahrenheit . to degrees celsius by .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s deposed chief justice made his first public appearance in four months on monday , soon after newly elected prime minister yousaf raza gilani vowed to release all judges held since last year .
britain s high court barred petroleos de venezuela s . a . pdvsa from selling assets up to that amount , exxon mobil spokeswoman margaret ross said last week .
other scientists said that while the prints appear well preserved , they add little to knowledge about human evolution , since footprints of far older human ancestors have been found .
ivan plyushch , the head of the national security council , said the president had ordered the troops to kiev to forestall violence , though some feared it would have the opposite effect .
japanese researchers pitted young chimps against human adults in tests of short term memory , and overall , the chimps won .
the suspect , mehmed goksin gol , was not armed and all passengers and crew aboard the pegasus airlines flight were unharmed .
nixon , the ex president , was hoping to repair his shattered image in the aftermath of watergate .
the statement was addressed to the british people , asking them to demand that their government release nine iraqis that have been detained for a year now and , in return , the organization vows to release five british hostages that they ve had for several months .
enraged , garr says she drove to her boyfriend s house in and did what many a scorned woman has only dreamed of
we ll start with a little positive news about the economy this morning .
sen . john mccain s campaign said the republican presidential hopeful has the constitutional right to opt out of the public election funds program .
the city had been quiet since september , , when a bomb killed more than people , five of them children .
he said abandoning the policy during this period would cause serious problems and add extra pressure on social and economic development .
authorities used pumps to lower water levels , which reached feet . meters in the worst hit areas and washed more than a mile inland monday , said iskandar , an official at jakarta s flood crisis center .
china has given crucial economic support to its communist neighbor , but has been pressing north korea to give up its nuclear weapons program .
korea s overall fertility rate the average number of babies a woman aged gives birth to during her lifetime also increased , to . last year from the record low figure of . in , the report said .
obama also mentioned plans to rework health care , which he says is key to the economic recovery .
based on my experience of working with mr . selebi in his capacity as delegate , vice president and ultimately president of the organization , he has always conducted himself and acted in a way to enhance global security and police co operation worldwide , noble said in a statement .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said she spoke by phone with newly appointed prime minister salam fayyad on monday .
new hampshire voters stood in lines and swarmed polling places to choose candidates for u . s . president on tuesday , with hillary clinton fighting to keep her once high flying democratic campaign alive against rival barack obama s surge .
both the ambassadors are fine and they have suffered slight injuries , said sri lankan government minister mahinda samarasinghe , who accompanied them .
the mosque s radical chief cleric , abdul rashid ghazi , was among the dead , the army said .
the dow currently down points , nasdaq off .
the joong ang ilbo reports the building will be constructed on a plot of land that was home to china s embassy before it moved to jongno in may , .
burial next to her husband at the lbj ranch miles west of austin , the paper reported .
he said because they were eating coal , and were in the mine for nearly six days , they did not defecate .
to counter these concerns , the european commission has spent billion euros . billion on security improvements along its eastern fringes , including thermal imaging to track illegal migrants .
the possum was described as one of the worlds smallest marsupials .
officials were using radios to communicate , according to benedicto giron , a spokesman for the disaster coordination agency .
u . s . officials refer to the concept as cvid , for complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantling .
he has unveiled plans for more affordable housing , ecologically friendly towns and said investment in education and health remained a top priority .
the number of european and overseas players has steadily increased in the nba and basketball enjoys a particularly high profile in spain , france , italy , greece and the balkans .
the president has also said he will travel to africa in early .
we in west end had admired mr . travolta and his wife , kelly , wilchcomb said .
britain is one of the sharpest european critics of mugabe s regime , accusing him of economic mismanagement , failure to curb corruption and contempt for democracy .
a visitor to the shelter signed adoption papers tuesday .
and we can t somehow remove our sanctions as a political gesture when this regime is engaging in dangerous activities such as weapons exports to rogue states , narcotics trafficking as a state activity and counterfeiting of our money on a large scale , he said .
it was business as usual for roger federer as he put his third round scare at the australian open behind him to ease past th seed tomas berdych in straight sets to reach the quarterfinals .
the home , which can accept dogs at one time , will also employ puppies to play with the aging dogs to help them keep fit and feel younger
al qaeda ally abu musab al zarqawi claimed responsibility on sunday for the killing of nearly unarmed iraqi army recruits in one of the bloodiest attacks on the country s fledgling security forces .
he then bit enthusiastically into a green apple , which has become a traditional offering for space crews touching down in kazakhstan , famous for its tasty apples .
when the federal agency wasn t busy busting toddlers for carrying unauthorized sippy cups through a checkpoint or stopping year old terrorists from boarding a flight , it was issuing indecipherable press releases , like this one http www . tsa . gov press releases press release . shtm about its latest secure flight initiative , in an apparent effort to bore would be hijackers into surrender .
the kitty hawk , with sailors lining its decks , pulled away from yokosuka port just south of tokyo to the cheers of hundreds of schoolchildren and the sounds of brass bands .
the state run broadcaster said in its primetime o clock news that the prosecution secured kim s testimony that he had manipulated stem cell lines by himself .
what do i know , in years time i might want to return to it . but i think it is unlikely .
specter suggested current or former senators , or someone well known to the committee would be a good nominee to replace gonzales .
second , chinese manufacturers are battling rising labor and material costs at the same time that the yuan s rising value versus the dollar is making chinese exports to the united states and elsewhere more expensive .
the government has set a firm policy to develop the nonpublic sectors , wen said .
he represents babil province , south of baghdad , in the parliament .
we ve got rita foley back now , with our continuing series , and a couple of smart guys weighing in on the economy
like the books , the movie series has been a series of blockbusters , with each entry easily topping million in domestic box office .
but the gop is still willing
given that korea sent , soldiers to iraq , the third largest number following the u . s . and britain , his failure to mention korea has raised suspicion that bush may not consider korea an ally .
shot by photographer annie leibovitz , the ads focus on travel a core value for the company that started in as a trunk maker , the statement said .
south korean foreign minister song min soon and u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte met on the sidelines of a regional security forum in the philippines on thursday .
it was a muscle spasm in the left calf and the pain was so bad i was crying . but i would have felt weird if i hadn t tried , i would have felt bad about it .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said monday he will release fatah members from israeli prisons in a goodwill gesture aimed at strengthening palestinian president mahmoud abbas after hamas victory in gaza .
in a separate incident , suspected eta member juan carlos iriarte perez , , was arrested in hendaye , france , the interior ministry said .
and safety precautions taken by workers ensured a low risk of being exposed to the h n virus found on a turkey farm northeast of london , he added .
president bush will make the speech on thursday night at local time .
ex i am not overly impressed by his work .
soy , another natural source of flavonoids , has also been added to the bar .
secretary of state hillary clinton says a nuclear armed iran would spark an arms race in the middle east .
i get paid ! in all seriousness , i ve tried to take lego in a direction it s never been before .
the antichrist is not the devil , de jesus tells his congregation
what the blue pill couldn t cure
other north american tour dates are being rearranged , capitol music said , due to the high demand for tickets .
ordered not to cry
and no one i know is better at getting things done than rahm emanuel , obama said in a written statement .
the reduction saved lives . the study , funded by the robert wood johnson foundation , tracked the number of deaths for every quarter in alaska from to .
in earlier tests in and the testbed focused on the threat of artillery rockets and shot down katyushas fired singly and in salvos .
rockets have been fired and bombs dropped on a base of suspected members of the abu sayyaf on jolo island .
producers are also uncertain whether consumers prefer a pay per view model over an advertising supported system .
district court judge louis stanton said the order appeared necessary to prevent madoff or an agent from moving funds out of the court s jurisdiction and to preserve the status quo for whatever may come from future proceedings .
president george w . bush and presidential nominee lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp . gnp spokeswoman na kyung won , however , said lee will continue to conduct economic and energy diplomacy by visiting china , japan , russia and the u . s . ahead of the december presidential election
sarkozy led with . percent of the votes , while royal won . percent , according to partial returns from the french interior ministry .
this is the largest ever use of cell phones for health information , said gustav praekelt , one of the project s originators .
i saw women who had acquired skills to make crafts they could sell for profit .
for the first time , the nation s chief economic policy maker has lowered his estimates for korea s economy next year .
so important is the last factor that successive cultures of the ancient world are defined in terms of the working of characteristic materials the old and new stone ages , the bronze age , and the iron age .
some records show that jasper newton jack daniel came into the world on september , .
there is also a small ebony and ivory chair which the king sat on as a child , along with his crook and flail .
in january , president bush signed an executive order increasing the salary for the secretary of state and other cabinet positions by , .
a spokesman for pakistan s interior ministry announced tuesday that nearly all of the estimated , opposition politicians , lawyers , human rights activists and journalists arrested in the wake of the order will be released .
while officials have said they re not going to drag anyone out of their home today at six o clock , they really hope people still pack up , go back to their hotel , go back to shelter .
this free form of text messaging , common across africa , allows someone without any phone credit to send a text to a friend asking them to call .
venus , jupiter and the crescent moon will all be crowded together lighting up a corner of the south west sky by the end of the holiday weekend .
forest whitaker , james mcavoy and director kevin macdonald attended the premiere , along with president yoweri museveni .
nasa captures stunning pictures of earth
the most painful part for me is degrading the character of one of our blessed mothers , jaffar amin said , visibly distressed . she had a tragic death and they turned her into what she wasn t , she was a decent lady . she wouldn t have an extramarital affair the way it s claimed .
that s what i think .
applications can be made at any time , even if travelers have no specific travel plans .
this activity , concealed and hidden , was of an enormous size and was running considerable risks to the bank and to a lot of operators , chief executive daniel bouton told a news conference shortly after the bank announced the fraud .
the toll could climb to million workers by .
the word of mouth spread of any given meme is another aspect of how internet fame differs from traditional celebrity .
president bush has said he intends to meet china s president during a trip to see the olympics .
but even with the long list of basic features that apple still is denying us hello , multimedia messaging ? , the addition of g support is a big win .
wildlife authorities last week warned residents in the queensland tropics to be alert for crocodiles and snakes carried onto properties by floodwater .
there were no immediate reports of injuries or arrests .
i wanted it to be real , he said .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s central bank kept interest rates unchanged friday amid growing worries about a global slowdown .
. . . they shelled children and hospitals and mosques , he said . and in doing so , they gave us legitimacy to strike them in the same way .
a sentencing date was not set .
at least deaths are blamed on that storm .
she was defeated in polls two years later but made a triumphal return to parliament in .
the south korean government has consistently pursued progress in inter korean relations in harmony with the resolution of the north korean nuclear issue .
earlier , there were two large explosions near the mosque and the attached religious school .
to defend needed reforms against easy attacks
the victim , who worked for rhames for two years and lived on the property , was pronounced dead at the scene .
the improvised work features distorted electric guitars , discordant sound effects , a church organ and gargling interspersed with mccartney and john lennon shouting random phrases like barcelona and are you all right ?
cho s package contained , words of text and photos , of them showing cho aiming handguns at the camera .
abete also said security would be increased for wednesday s group game with montenegro in lecce , italy .
the number of iraqi civilians killed in september was , down from , in january , according to iraqi governmental figures provided to cnn .
turkey s military has confirmed that eight soldiers are missing but not reports that they were taken hostage .
earlier , burma s military leaders said they would continue searching for protesters involved in the uprising .
the times report did not mention cheney s visit to pakistan and it was not known if the vice president conveyed such a message to musharraf .
he is also thought to have killed two people earlier in the day .
their back muscles are used to compensate , but that probably means more back pain , theorized shapiro , who added it would be a fun study to do to look at men with beer bellies to see if they shift their loads .
but he insisted he would not be stepping down although the deputy leader of the ldp , hidenao nakagawa , has resigned .
he assured a south korean envoy that no effort was being spared on behalf of the christian aid workers mainly women who were seized days ago .
but arroyo s opponents say they will continue their efforts to have her removed from office .
and every time they talked about sacrifice , the numbers went down .
and iraqi forces waged a fierce fight sunday against insurgents who claim control of this small town north of baghdad where al qaeda forces have flown their flag at a police station since december .
the bank of korea and korea development institute both said yesterday that without eliminating nonviable smes the chances of faltering corporate investment picking up are slim .
about people threw stones , eggs and other missiles at government buildings , police said .
in january , millan used similar words to describe the government s struggle against the drug cartels .
so far the animals are faring fine , jason jacobs , director of marketing and public relations for the zoo , told the ap .
all the diverging reports came after two musicians suddenly exposed their private parts while performing on mbc s music camp on saturday .
q some fans are really intrigued by the change and what is she going to do next , and then there are other fans who are appalled .
the caucus thrust the state , which has only delegates , into the spotlight because the close race between obama and clinton means that every delegate counts .
london , england cnn bilawal bhutto zardari , the son of the assassinated pakistani leader benazir bhutto , said tuesday that he fully intended to take on a political role in his homeland but only after he has completed his studies at oxford university .
train trips , hang gliders , pyrotechnics and intimate conversations with voters in barber shops , front porches , diners and ice cream shops . lord knows i have seen hundreds of endorsements .
in the congregation were members of nepal s sherpa community and buddhist monks .
madrid , spain cnn saudi arabia on tuesday ruled out further increases in crude production following its june announcement that it would pump an extra half million barrels a day .
clinton is favored in kentucky , while polls show obama with a comfortable lead in oregon .
he is believed to be honest .
filippo inzaghi scored a last gasp equalizer after ronaldinho fired in a superb meter free kick as italian giants ac milan hit back from two goals down for a uefa cup draw at portsmouth .
between one and three drinks a day
speaking from saudi arabia , he called for the divided opposition to join forces against musharraf , who declared a state of emergency and suspended democracy earlier this month .
he was one of the two men seen in a surveillance video released tuesday by authorities .
exiled korean singer yoo seung jun is attempting to make a comeback in korea .
petraeus will back the assertion with data indicating a lower incidence of roadside bombs and car bombs in the capital in the months leading up to the muslim holy month of ramadan , which begins this week .
the poll found that percent of israelis think a dialogue should be opened between the israeli government and hamas .
the elections will also be a key test for david cameron , the leader of the conservative party , which has seen a reversal of fortune since he took the helm in .
more than pakistanis , including soldiers and police recruits , have died in three attacks in the past two days .
in addition to the transport sector , power , gas , and some postal workers were also on strike .
after careful review of the u . s . proposal and having confidence in a successful fta , the government decided to hold additional talks with the united states , korea s ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in a statement .
when the operator asks , what s your emergency ?
on her way to beg , banafsha stops off at a center run by an afghan nongovernmental organization called aschiana the name means nest in dari for a little education , a little recreation and a glimmer of hope .
besides red light districts , thousands of steam bath saunas , barber shops , night clubs , and love motels whose roofs are often shaped like disney land castles serve as fronts for prostitution .
a militant pakistani cleric and about of his supporters have been killed after troops stormed a mosque in islamabad , government officials said .
and one each from korea gas safety corporation and korea gas technology corporation , were kidnapped in an oil field in port harcourt .
close your eyes for a minute and envision all the romantic parts of the human body .
thousands of activists staged protests in seoul and pyeongtaek over the weekend against a planned expansion of a u . s . military base .
in his first public discussion of the event , the ac milan player
one senate seat goes to the highest bleep ing bidder .
prosecutors have yet to decide on charges to bring against the couple , who remain in detention .
industrial bases in the country s northeast , plagued by unemployment and factory shutdowns , must be tended to as well . unhappiness among farmers and factory workers could pose real problems for china s communist leadership in its efforts to keep hold of power as it opens its economy to capitalist style reforms .
prime minister shaukat aziz will lead the pakistani delegation to the joint peace jirga , musharraf s office announced wednesday .
the singer s finances fell apart following his arrest in on charges that he molested a year old boy at his neverland ranch in the u . s .
the year old returned a combined time of one minute . seconds in zagreb after first leg leader vonn crashed just five gates before the finish in the second while ahead on intermediate times .
the gloomy news came at the end of a full year of recession .
gonzales did not take questions from journalists on wednesday .
we have to work with the environment we re dealt , if you will , and as part of that , therefore , we need to size our company much differently to address this kind of difficult economic environment .
relief workers said there was an acute shortage of clean drinking water and medical supplies parts of northern india , where storms have been heavier than usual this year .
bowing to one of ducat s demands , authorities allowed him to address the media via a wireless speaker that was placed on the sidewalk outside the bus .
he was looking at america and the world in the summer of .
horse racing is a serious passion in hong kong , but just , people showed up for saturday s races in shatin , the lowest figure since the track opened in , the hong kong jockey club said sunday .
george e . pataki in .
and if you look closely at the eye of mona lisa you can clearly see that the cracks around the eye have slightly disappeared , and that may be explained that one day a curator or restorer cleaned the eye , and cleaning the eye , removed , probably removed the eyelashes and eyebrow , he said .
typhoon mitag slammed into the northeastern philippines after killing at least six people , while a deadly storm that blew away days earlier headed back , complicating emergency preparations across the country , officials said monday .
the federal investigation agency is a national investigative agency similar to the fbi in the united states and is surrounded by heavy security .
unlike the other playstation models , the new one won t be able to play games made for the playstation .
among the dead was juilo redecker , a member of the brazilian chamber of deputies and the brazilian house minority leader .
her body was identified by authorities after being discovered in a shallow grave in the vicinity of batad village .
los angeles , california cnn it was a classic case of monster envy that led to the rise of cloverfield , the horror hit about a foot creature stomping through new york city .
cnn another bore hole will be drilled in the utah mine where six miners were trapped nearly three weeks ago , said jack kuzar of the federal mine health and safety administration on sunday .
in women , even moderate drinkers had a smaller brain volume than abstainers or former drinkers .
we re viewing it at the moment as a murder suicide , ballard told cnn .
earlier this month gambari met with myanmar junta leader gen . than shwe during a four day visit , urging the government to end its crackdown on protesters .
milford , pennsylvania ap mark ternent squeezes his bulky frame into the narrow opening of a bear den and shines a flashlight into the eyes of a pound female .
as for iran and syria , rice said the u . s . remains open to better relations , but negotiations with iran will stall as long as tehran keeps up the enrichment of uranium . as long as the iranians are talking and practicing enrichment , you re not going anywhere , she said . in fact , they are using the cover of negotiations to perfect enrichment technology .
danforth is the co chairman of a republican group opposed to acorn s activities .
since china and taiwan split in amid a civil war , beijing has claimed that taiwan is a renegade province and should not have diplomatic ties with other countries .
leading the march was president alvaro uribe , wearing a t shirt emblazoned with the words unconditional freedom now !
beckett , who spent five years as britain s negotiator on climate change , said she understood the reservations .
some israeli officials downplayed the significance of the reduction .
later in the week , the first lady is scheduled to address a donors conference in paris on thursday .
yvo de boer , general secretary of the u . n . framework convention on climate change , said the role of the united states would be critical in the discussions and that delegates must come up with a roadmap that s embraced by washington .
the only argentine to have broken into the world s top , he spent three weeks at that level in .
first time i played him , he totally dismantled me . showed i had a lot of things to work on .
meanwhile , chicago police are handing out fliers as part of a massive search for hudson s nephew .
an audio message from al qaeda leader osama bin laden released thursday called on muslims to carry out jihad against pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf .
rather , it focuses on principles that will guide future talks , such as a commitment to bring an end to bloodshed , suffering and decades of conflict and a promise to propagate a culture of peace and nonviolence , bush said .
we will not accept this judgment and i ll do my best to continue representing her because justice needs to take place .
copenhagen s famed little mermaid statue was found doused with red paint after hundreds of black clad youths clashed with police in copenhagen tuesday .
but the president wednesday rejected as preposterous suggestions that the united states was creating a basis for conflict with iran .
he did not provide details or evidence , and samdhong rinpoche , prime minister of tibet s exiled government , dismissed the accusation .
we think that maybe some players get overexcited and twist their arms in an unnatural way , she said .
under the memorandum of understanding , indonesia will provide strains of the h n virus circulating in the nation and baxter will offer technical expertise to produce the vaccine , said indonesian health minister siti fadilah supari .
to yuma , which placed second with . million in ticket sales .
london , england cnn jyoti is the hindi word for light .
fruits
i do know that another one of my neighbors , miss lena knowles , did save my baby girl .
in a special press conference at the grand national party headquarters in yeouido , lee made promises that once elected , he will stay out of party affairs to follow the existing party platform created while park was the chairwoman , particularly in deciding the nominations for the legislative elections .
she is currently funding her own and six other orphanages in the country .
liverpool delivered a final emphatic chapter in their champions league comeback on tuesday when they mauled marseille to reach the last knockout phase .
japan and china agreed friday that the six party dialogue participants should meet at the asean regional forum arf in kuala lumpur , while china indicated that it does not want to hold talks without pyongyang s attendance .
the explosion came shortly after noon a . m . et as the market , just east of baquba , was packed with shoppers , police told the associated press .
the labor environment topped their list of concerns with only . percent saying it was ok .
he was an intensely sophisticated politician .
during the presidential campaign , obama proposed a billion stimulus package over a two year period , but some of his economic advisers have said recently that the package would need to be much larger .
certainly , you know , that s not all the consumers who have lost their jobs , but the ones that haven t are probably more worried about their prospects for keeping their job in .
its location and facilities , however , belie its prominence in a community that thrives almost entirely underground .
we have told the iranian and the americans , we know that you have a problem with each other , but we are asking you please solve your problems outside iraq .
pollard admitted having an online relationship with a girl in america but denied wrongdoing .
at least militants have been killed in the clashes , security sources said .
lee is among a dwindling number of comfort women still alive .
friday s altercation on the q train began when somebody yelled out merry christmas , to which rider walter adler responded , happy hanukkah , said toba hellerstein .
u . s . allegations that north korea has a uranium enrichment program brought on the nuclear crisis in that led the pyongyang to kick out elbaradei s inspectors and ultimately contributed to north korea testing its first nuclear bomb last year .
jerusalem cnn israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas agreed sunday to authorize peace talks , which could begin monday , according to the offices of both leaders .
the scientists found that the caudate area of the brain which is involved in cravings became very active .
labor unions called the strike last week , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform a special category of pensions .
farqooq ahmed khan , head of the national disaster management authority , said accurate figures were unavailable due to poor communications in stricken areas .
i want to get on with my life , start a life , have a life , miller said after the hearing . i m just thankful for this day .
kimchi is so pervasive in the koreas , north and south , that enthusiasts compare it to air and water .
he s won the last five wimbledon titles , too , along with three overall at the australian open .
an offense that will probably keep him out of at least one champions league match .
a south korean lawmaker claims about , korean women are working as prostitutes in japan .
john bolton , former u . s . ambassador to the united nations , blasted the new deal monday in an interview with cnn , saying it would only encourage other countries trying to secure nuclear weapons .
according to the korea times , the government said that the u . s .
ghazni , afghanistan the remaining south koreans kidnapped by the taliban in afghanistan are alive , the afghan deputy interior minister said on friday , hours after the passing of the latest deadline set by the group .
no one has been freed so far , ahmadi told afp .
the united new democratic party feels shocked and baffled by the decision , kim hyo seuk , the party s floor leader , said yesterday after meeting with senior party members .
the latest back and forth between the two democratic campaigns on the issue of obama s electability came as a new cnn wmur poll showed the two candidates statistically in a dead heat in new hampshire .
when he left office , he was hunched over .
el fasher , sudan cnn sudan sought support monday from the u . n . security council in its escalating conflict with chad , which shut down the border and shut off trade between the two countries earlier in the day .
the big three ceos and gettelfinger are due to appear at senate and house hearings thursday and friday seeking support for the loan package .
people would become very jealous and hateful if one person goes off skiing and the other is sitting in their dingy apartment , he said .
seoul , south korea cnn eleven south korean diplomats left an industrial park their country runs with north korea on thursday after north korea demanded their withdrawal , a spokesman for south korea s government said .
south african authorities are closing robben island for two weeks in november to try to get rid of thousands of rabbits that have overrun the windswept island where nelson mandela spent so many years in prison .
with all of the crime in los angeles they pick on us ?
she joins michelle bachelet in neighboring chile as the second female president in south america .
the chinese could announce something within the next few months if all goes well with the oil law , said james placke , a senior associate at cambridge energy research associates who specializes in the middle east .
the administration is due to report to congress on iraq progress on july .
however , some economists suggested that rate cuts may be too late to stop a recession .
dr . hadiarto mangunegoro , a physician treating suharto , called his recovery miraculous because he has survived sepsis , which is life threatening .
the korea trade investment promotion agency kotra said tehran has refused to issue permits for south korean imports since oct .
more than , members participated in the rallies , it claimed .
raul has moved quickly .
the little girl was reported missing over the summer .
secrecy kept journalists at the base camp from knowing when the climb to everest s peak , meters , feet above sea level might begin .
bush focused on the partnership between the united states and britain in iraq and against terrorism .
witnesses estimated that as many as people were killed .
the opening goal took the sting out of the game and
having watched the czech republic , portugal , croatia and germany win the first four games of the tournament , hiddink , who took south korea to the semifinals of the world cup , is urging his latest side to buck the trend that seems to be developing .
the explosion was heard throughout central kabul at about a . m . local time gmt , the associated press reported .
hurricane bertha , the first of the atlantic season , gathers strength in july and was a record breaker .
with rooney , louis saha and ole gunnar solksjaer missing injured and cristiano ronaldo starting a three match suspension , ferguson had little option but to ask carlos tevez to operate as a lone striker .
ac milan battled to a win at cagliari for their fourth win in serie a games this season , rallying after falling behind to an early home goal .
we ll get a current readout from there in a moment , but first , the ap s mark smith is live at the white house with the president s latest words of assurance about your job , your house and your retirement money .
from midnight all unregistered phones will have their signals blocked , a move thai officials hope will prevent their use as improvised bomb detonators .
secretary of state condoleezza rice blasted iran , hezbollah and hamas on tuesday and called the united states bond with israel unshakable .
by surpassing the percent mark , saakashvili avoided a second round runoff with gachechiladze .
he could face up to years in prison , a , fine if convicted .
all three missiles were launched using timing devices , and a fourth rocket failed to fire and is being dismantled by the lebanese army , the sources said .
this threatened the gorilla habitat , so when the rangers tried to protect the forest , he allegedly orchestrated the gorilla massacres to discourage them , the group said .
police made just over arrests when couches and garbage containers were set on fire , and several vehicles were overturned .
by most tangible measures , the general election fight between obama and the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain , has begun .
it s a full court press to observe what s going on on the earth , he said . when it comes to health and disasters , we can t afford to be wrong a lot of the time . we have got to get ahead of it .
alto said some of the big lecture room doors don t have locks and others open out to the hallway on the berkeley campus , something he thinks leaves students on campus vulnerable to an attack .
zabell , who won gold in the sailing events at the olympics in barcelona and the games in atlanta , said she s not too worried about trying to please everyone .
in fact , sumo is an immensely skilful sport that has been around for some , years and is steeped in shinto mythology .
with handshakes , leaders of the united states , israel and the palestinians agreed on tuesday to launch immediate talks to secure a peace treaty by the end of that would create a palestinian state .
it s also urging residents to stay home all because of swine flu .
kuwaiti women are legally protected in the workplace and in education .
the housing starts sums that came out today were awful , and they were much lower than we expected .
lee , the stand bearer of the major opposition grand national party gnp , met with chung mong joon , a five term lawmaker who rose to prominence over his role in the country s successful co hosting of the korea japan world cup soccer finals , an aide to lee said .
sea ice traditionally protected the community , whose economy is based in part on salmon fishing plus subsistence hunting of whale , seal , walrus , and caribou .
our government is maintaining contacts with the militants through various channels , jointly with the afghan government and other allies . . . there was no offer for direct negotiation from the hostage takers with the south korean government .
ozawa s announcement came after he took criticism within his party for not immediately turning down a coalition offer from the country s new leader .
olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas agreed at a conference this week to try to forge a peace treaty and create a palestinian state by the end of
they say the situation has now become so bad that many women are now resigned to rape as a way of life and men are unwilling to accompany them because they fear that they will be killed if they try to defend them .
before cho got to class that day , we students were talking to each other with serious worry about whether he could be a school shooter .
barack obama holds a rally in denver this morning , while john mccain and sarah palin join forces for a mid day event in columbus , ohio .
they displayed ginseng , porcelain , traditional paintings , and even adder liquor a bottle of fiery whiskey with a coiled , discolored snake in it .
we are very excited by what we ve seen in the lab .
which , of course , it is . meanwhile , south of sudan s capital , khartoum , the geometric shape of irrigated fields reveal a man made collage of rivers and crops while the swollen waters of the mississippi break the levees in gulfport , illinois in june , leaving homes submerged and lives in ruin .
oh s rifle and an empty cartridge were found near his body , a spokesman said , adding the army concluded that he killed himself due to pressure from his work .
doctors and students doing cpr maintain close to the ideal number of chest compressions while listening to the song .
this is what they are so proud of here , said al mubarak , a professor of international relations and prominent women s activist .
delegates will meet in china to discuss the fate of japanese citizens abducted by north korean agents in the s and s .
while the summit is usually a forum for political , economic and cultural issues , it has taken on added significance this year because of the unfolding crisis .
the increase is to help the postal service cover a budget shortfall .
the nation s largest bank said they can t track how they re spending the money or refuse to discuss it altogether .
iran has begun making nuclear fuel in its underground uranium enrichment plant , the international atomic watchdog said on wednesday , in a move by tehran that raises the stakes in its showdown with world powers .
if they don t complete their self described objectives , they lose the money .
al maliki reiterated his intention to go after any or all entities that foment violence , including the militia of a supporter , shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
but ullman has a special fondness for a character named gretchen pincus , a tacky , teary eyed , low rent lady who meets her convict husbands on the web site deathrowpenpals . com .
daad mohammed murad abdul rahman , , has already had brides although he has to divorce them as he goes along to remain within the legal limit of four wives at a time .
british troops in iraq are expected to complete a withdrawal from their basra palace base in the next few days , ministry of defense has said .
us president bush warned syria and iran not to interfere in iraq and urged neighboring countries to help enforce border security before the jan .
with months to go before the summer games , air pollution has emerged as one of beijing s biggest problems in generally smooth preparations .
lee s remarks show that he wants pragmatic reform in the pro business gnp ahead of the dec . presidential election , said an aide to lee .
in an interview on the french television network tf , fillon said , it is necessary that this strike end as soon as possible .
popular as pets , they re sometimes called pacman frogs for their huge mouths .
one recent study found that those compounds can inhibit the growth of prostate cancer cells in the laboratory .
bloody right !
today the court brought in a guilty verdict they ordered me to pay a fine of , roubles . , ponosov told reuters by telephone from the perm region .
the iraqi foreign minister , hoshyar zebari , told the bbc that his government had told the turkish ambassador in baghdad that the air strikes were unacceptable .
such incidents reverberate across the u . s . economy because the attacks are one of the reasons for the record high gas prices in the united states .
a spokesman for prince harry apologized in a statement released by st . james s palace saturday .
the korea herald reports it also falls amid a pivotal timeframe in the country s political arena with the unprecedented impeachment of the president , roh moo hyun , and at a time in which pending bilateral issues , including the realignment of u . s . troops in korea , are mounting .
fernando reinares , a terrorism analyst from the elcano royal institute in madrid , said he was surprised that there were so many acquittals .
the u . s . open starts on aug . .
revenge movies often appeal to men , but the fact that jodie foster was in it brought in the women , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers .
according to reports , the year old s portuguese international s vehicle was written off in the crash .
stallone was not stopped from leaving australia , where he spent the weekend promoting his latest movie , rocky balboa , after officials searched his plane on the tarmac at sydney airport on monday , sydney s the daily telegraph reported , without citing sources .
the reporter who spent three days undercover in rangoon and who met two fugitive monks , heard that in one neighborhood that the army had disposed of the bodies of monks killed during the crackdown by burning them in the local crematorium .
former u . s . army gen . jack keane , who was vice chief of staff at the time the iraq war was launched in , said in an interview last week that london had never deployed enough troops to properly stabilize the region around the southern city and allowed a bad security situation to deteriorate further .
hoping to beat back the threat , william lindesay , an englishman who in hiked along , kilometers , miles of the wall , announced the formation of a conservation alliance to protect the most spectacular sections of the wall located around beijing .
goldsmith , , said she would never forget those words because they were the last she had heard from diana .
without this facility , the reactor can t operate and can t produce more plutonium for weapons .
in seoul yesterday , lawmakers , including from the uri party , filed a lawsuit at the constitutional court contending that the administration had violated the national assembly s right to ratify international treaties guaranteed by the constitution even though no treaty has been agreed to or signed .
suicide bombers attacked two gas stations wednesday , killing people , reuters reported .
german astronomers say they have discovered conclusive proof of a supermassive black hole at the heart of the galaxy .
he is the symbol of a healthy nation , said alexei fedyakin , , a political science graduate student who came to see the stalin man and symbol exhibit and wrote a diatribe in the visitors book complaining about material showing stalin in a bad light .
myanmar s military junta acknowledged wednesday that it detained nearly , people during a crackdown on recent pro democracy protests , with hundreds still remaining in custody .
the medal , shaped like an eagle and believed have its original ribbon and red leather box , will be displayed in lafayette s bedroom , van de weghe said .
it s a very important step that we are taking this week , but it s a long way to go , reuters news agency quoted him as saying .
bain was rebounding from dire financial problems when the partners elected her chairman .
he said the cross border attacks have destroyed homes and schools .
after exiting the aircraft , david petraeus , the top war commander , and others welcomed bush with smiles , salutes and handshakes in the degree heat .
already there are pretrial negotiations over permitting saddam s foreign legal team to work in iraq , whether to televise the proceedings and whether to reinstate the harshest penalty in iraq s legal code hanging by the neck until dead .
washington cnn in a last minute nudge to north korea , the u . s . state department said sunday it was unfortunate that pyongyang had not supplied a complete declaration of its nuclear programs before a monday deadline but signaled it would continue disarmament talks with its allies .
but it was never implemented because of the financial row .
its victims have included an year old boy who fell into a river in kagoshima and a year old farmer also swept into a river in tokushima .
four palestinian siblings ages to and their mother were killed monday when israeli tank shells hit their house , palestinian medical and security sources said .
ten of the cabinet members reported a rise in assets last year .
a theory that thimerosal is to blame for autism has been repeatedly discounted in scientific studies .
there is an unwritten rule among party leaders that they retire when they approach the age of .
an autopsy of the woman will determine the precise cause of death within days .
thousands of u . s . and iraqi soldiers backed by everything from air support to dog teams are searching for the missing troops .
washington cnn the number of americans who believe that the country is ready for a black president is rising , a poll released thursday suggested .
the argument over who would be the best candidate to take on mccain will likely dominate the democratic race over the next seven weeks as the campaigns turn their attention to the pennsylvania primary on april .
china s manufacturing sector , which produced percent of the clothing , toys and footwear imported into the united states last year , has decelerated rapidly over the past few months , pulled down by a pair of factors .
viacom is the first major media firm to sue google and youtube for copyright infringement .
a week earlier , , had gone to the races .
the ever outspoken west had some less than kind words for spears and mtv .
president clinton says it does take special efforts to make a significant impact on global issues like climate change and poverty .
insoo has a difficult math problem as homework .
the parliamentary speaker , mahmoud al mashhadani , has called for an emergency session friday morning to show that the attack won t deter lawmakers , jabbar said .
running for vice president and accused of accepting illegal campaign contributions successfully defended himself in his famous checkers speech .
in an interview in time magazine , clinton said he has repeatedly defended president bush against the left on iraq , but he should have waited until the un inspections were finished .
president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga agreed to form a coalition government after weeks of wrangling , mediator kofi annan said .
it got more than million hits .
cheney s unannounced stopover en route to afghanistan came as british foreign secretary margaret beckett also held talks with musharraf and expressed concern about suspected militant safe havens near the afghan frontier .
in fact the country s president told cnn earlier this year that some countries around the world are lucky enough to have the same kind of geographic advantage as iceland .
ver . di has called for an percent raise for germany s . million public service workers , backdated to january .
it s not dangerous because , first , her swimming skills are really good and second , i was swimming with her , staying close to her , the father said .
the bigger message is that very subtle cues from our environment can significantly influence behavior and feelings , said lead researcher dr . lawrence williams , who conducted the study while completing his psychology graduate degree at yale .
in a monthly seminar hosted by the institute for global economics ige , vershbow said that korea will have to pay the bill for its aging society and reduce the gap between the haves and have nots , and that the fta could help in paying for the enormous cost of solving the two problems .
mr . murphy and ms . brown dated very briefly and never made any plans of any sort , the statement said .
a top financial regulator on monday criticized the european union for its move limiting the number of foreigners on boards of local commercial banks to the world trade organization .
the name of the year old french man , who reported the bodies to the police after coming back from vacation , was not disclosed .
federal minister sheikh rashid ahmed said those taken into custody would be released soon .
however , as the future economies of the world s major countries have become opaque due to deepening fears of the possible double dip recession of the u . s . economy and an anticipated war between the u . s . and iraq , most domestic enterprises have been making downward adjustments of their employment plans these days .
fallout from the closure of bangkok s main airport would likely be worse and could last six months or more .
the trooper was not injured , police said .
she was also photographed wandering barefoot on a london street , wearing only jeans and a bra , and appearing disoriented .
the billionaire leader is accused of abusing the country s system of checks and balances and bending government policy to benefit his family s business .
could you imagine if rocky balboa had gotten halfway up those art museum stairs and said , well , i guess that s about far enough ?
but u . s . attorney patrick fitzgerald advised the state impeachment panel that testimony from obama aides could jeopardize the criminal probe , illinois rep . barbara flynn currie told cnn radio .
in june , giuliani topped obama by points , percent to percent .
the korea times reports about , south korean travelers face stumbling blocks in visiting the u . s . due to washington s strict visa requirements aimed at south koreans .
at least of the dead were gunmen , but three were youths .
prince told cnn sunday that the guards did not commit deliberate violence .
police in egypt arrested banned opposition muslim brotherhood members .
after all , we could easily propagate the species just with our sexual urges .
australian prime minister kevin rudd and his team were formally sworn in as australia s new government monday , nine days after sweeping to power in elections that ended more than years of conservative rule .
making public what was termed an unofficial visit , chinese media said that north korean strongman kim jong il ended three days of meetings with china s top leaders yesterday and had agreed to continue jointly pushing forward with the six party talks process .
yes , it is african , said mugabe , whose speech sunday was quoted monday in the herald , the state run newspaper . you saw the joy that the british had , that the americans had , and saw them here through their representatives celebrating and acting as if we zimbabwe are either an extension of britain or . . . america .
some vietnam veterans insist john kerry is lying about his war .
he ll be free , though , to return to the united states , because he s a citizen .
chen s wife and three presidential aides were indicted last november for allegedly skimming from a special presidential fund used to promote taiwanese diplomatic activities abroad .
researchers like dr . charles raison , a psychiatrist at the emory school of medicine in atlanta , are convinced that meditation serves an important purpose .
i think the understanding between the players is better and the belief is really good , he told sky sports news .
the erika , carrying fuel oil owned by a unit of total , split in two and sank in rough seas off western france on dec . , .
the virus identified in the healthy australian bees is israeli acute paralysis virus iapv named that because it was discovered by hebrew university researchers .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id the leader of hezbollah in lebanon , sheikh hassan nasrallah , has warned the lebanese army not to enter the palestinian refugee camp north of tripoli where it has been confronting islamic militants .
with the increasing popularity of youtube clips from japanese game shows such as endurance , hole in the wall and human tetris , u . s . networks never shy about imitation are bringing similar antics to their prime time schedules .
if you find your job hunt isn t giving you anything but a stress headache , ask yourself the following questions
maybe i relaxed a little bit and he took advantage of that but i was able to come back and once you get to in the third it s .
but as this rather enigmatic figurehead pays an official visit to east africa the results of his work in rural development , education and healthcare on the continent are sparking interest .
again , the online town hall will be tomorrow , we think some time during the morning , but no firm time yet .
more than , people have been killed in insurgency related violence this year , according to the ap count .
the guild prize is a solid forecast for who might win the directing honor at the academy awards .
an associated press reporter saw cars ferrying out dead and wounded .
whirring of light saber
striking railway workers have carried out a coordinated campaign of sabotage on the tracks of france s high speed tgv rail network , setting fire to cables and signal boxes and causing delays of up to three hours , france s national rail authority said wednesday .
christian bale and heath ledger , and harrison ford and shia labeouf , face another tough challenge for favorite on screen matchup against tina fey and amy poehler for baby mama .
iranian officials insist their nuclear program is aimed at producing civilian electric power , but the bush administration accuses tehran of working toward a nuclear weapon .
i m of two minds about this , said the illinois senator in a cbs interview last week . on the one hand , i think that what s happened in tibet , and china s support of the sudanese government in darfur , is a real problem .
it is already home to the world s largest mall , the world s largest tower , and
china s official media confirmed the visit , saying kim had visited beijing and the provinces of hubei and guangdong .
kazunari saito , a year old electrician , was arrested wednesday for allegedly giving sayaka nishizawa , , sleeping pills and suffocating her in april , a police official in kanagawa said , speaking on condition of anonymity , citing policy .
jokela high school was closed for the rest of the week , but some of the students gathered there overnight and into thursday , crying and lighting candles for the victims .
the cause of the girl s death remained unclear .
as fatah radio called on fighters to confront hamas militants and broadcasts from hamas fighters urged their fatah foes to abandon their posts or face death , palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas appealed in vain for a cease fire .
dolphin calves are fragile and not easily handled during their first two to three months of life , and trainers at the aquarium are leaving the nursing duties to its mother and her helpers .
third seed nadia petrova joined henin in the last four , overcoming a back problem and leg cramps in the heat to beat austrian ninth seed sybille bammer in a match that lasted just under three hours .
but there are times when massage is not the answer . platt gives examples
in the absence of it , you re asking the body to defend itself with one hand tied behind its back .
he and nancy decided they wanted to start a family and he underwent artificial insemination late last year .
pyongyang had refused to move forward with the deal until the macau banking authorities released the money .
we want to keep the poor elephants off city roads .
the bbc reports five ethnic indian rights activists have been arrested in malaysia , under a rarely used security law that allows indefinite detention without trial .
imus apologized monday , both on his show and on a syndicated radio program hosted by the rev . al sharpton , who is among several black leaders demanding his ouster .
simpson has said the items belonged to him .
the key is bringing all types of data together health , weather , human behavior , disasters and others . it s science without borders , lautenbacher said .
south korea faces a daunting task of redefining military ties with the united states as washington seeks to expand the role of u . s .
an estimated palestinians and more than israelis have been killed in the two weeks of fighting .
officials initially accused zapeta of being a courier for the drug trade , but they dropped the allegation once he produced pay stubs from restaurants where he had worked .
the highway patrol took a report and no one was cited .
he then explained he was more than willing to discuss anything we wished , ranging from a captive israeli soldier to the peace process to u . s . foreign policy .
it actively stalked the dog for a number of days , douglas said .
but wadoo said that many regions are out of bounds for forest guards because they are close to border areas and security zones .
french actress marion cotillard won her first academy award for her portrayal of singer edith piaf in la vie en rose .
a national average . a gallon .
george jones is among the kennedy center honorees who took a bow last night .
but he insisted that the coalition could still win the election .
rctv , which had been on air for years , aired soap operas , programs and news broadcasts with a decidedly anti governmental perspective .
aren t most companies these days ?
dozens have died in the central chongqing region which president hu jintao visited at the weekend , urging the local government to ensure victims had clothing , food , shelter , power and drinking water .
for milan s coach carlo ancelotti and his players , victory over the english side tasted all the sweeter for their famous capitulation in the same game against the same opponents two years ago , when they had been leading by three goals at halftime , only to end up losing on penalties .
argentines martin vassallo arguello and brian dabul and croatia s roko karanusic come into the main draw as replacements .
fury at media at virginia tech , cho s manifesto made the tragedy even more terrifying for some students .
america , at its best , is a place where personal responsibility is valued and expected .
the ap s anthony deutsch reports from jakarta , indonesia .
we do not believe that we have any other shooter , said sgt . teresa negron .
jordan and the civilian were listed in serious condition , a statement from the hospital said .
on sunday , male students who surrendered three days ago were released to their parents , an interior ministry official said .
the former movie star still has mass popular appeal , and over the years the court proceedings have attracted plenty of media attention .
saddam hussein has said in court he has been tortured , and accused the us of lies for denying it abused him .
world no . nadal pulls out of masters cup
afghanistan s neighbor pakistan is of key importance to the fight , he said .
china s weather bureau monday issued a rare red alert , warning of more severe snowstorms in the coming days .
the golf game took place in busan on march as a nationwide rail strike paralyzed public transportation and is alleged to have involved businessmen suspected of attempting to lobby the premier .
i told him why my dad is dead , and i told him tim was dead .
president george w . bush formally endorsed republican john mccain for president on wednesday , calling him a man of character who is not going to change when it comes to taking on islamic extremists .
pakistani forces combing through the red mosque have found the bodies of at least militants , an army spokesman said wednesday .
microsoft corp . is scheduled to stop selling its windows xp operating system to retailers and major computer makers monday , despite protests from a slice of pc users who don t want to be forced into using xp s successor , vista .
about fighters armed with rifles and rocket propelled grenades took part in the assault against a garrison of members of pakistan s paramilitary frontier corps , malik said .
of course beyond all the conspicuous eco options , the muscle cars were still there .
but the deal broke down in , when the us reneged on the agreement , accusing the north of admitting to a secret program to enrich uranium for weapons production , and last month the international consortium formally announced it was abandoning the lwr project .
osnat goaz , a spokeswoman for the israeli government agency responsible for archaeology , said the antiquities authority agreed to send two ossuaries to new york , but they did not contain human remains .
fifty two people and the four bombers were killed , and at least people were injured .
the woman who killed her minister husband with a shotgun and is battling her in laws for custody of her children , cannot appear live on the oprah winfrey show , a judge ruled .
the kyoto agreement , which called for the u . s .
a police officer who arrested him june said craig peered through a crack in a restroom stall door for two minutes and made gestures suggesting to the officer he wanted to engage in lewd conduct .
muscled soldiers and workers in roadside murals brandished bayonets to beat the u . s . imperialists , our sworn enemy !
percey harvin rushed for a yards and won score for the gators , who won their second national title in three seasons .
golden globe nominations full of snubs , surprises
defense officials said the flight had been authorized .
that they can do , in any of walgreen drugstores , safeway supermarkets , and wal marts open all night around the country .
the term millionaire acquired its mystique at a time when the average american was making , to , a year .
i want him to once again liberate us from the problems that divided east timor in last year s crisis .
teenager theo walcott scored his first goals in europe to help arsenal thrash slavia prague in group h to equal the highest ever champions league victory by any team .
charles eldest son , prince william , reportedly will be at the wedding , serving as an usher , and queen elizabeth ii also was expected to attend .
the victims ranged from elementary school students to professional athletes , and they spoke of the effects not only on themselves , but also on their families and friends .
thirty eight people have been hurt , two of them critically , when a continental airlines jet taking off from denver veered off the runway into a ravine and caught fire .
musharraf has been the target of intense criticism since a u . s . intelligence assessment reported last month that al qaeda and taliban insurgents were operating freely along pakistan s porous , mountainous border with afghanistan .
in recent years , this fishing town has turned into a popular rest stop for inca trail hikers .
turkey has been taking cross border military action against the pkk since the group launched attacks last fall on targets in turkey from bases in iraq s kurdish region .
in a statement , president bush said he welcomes the deal , which maps out additional steps toward our ultimate goal of full and verifiable denuclearization .
ill health has forced him to delegate easter ceremonies to his cardinals for the first time in his long papacy .
police have arrested a total of high school boys and booked other students from miryang , south kyongsang province , on charges of sexual assaults on five middle school girls .
much of what you must know to succeed in business these days is not easily learned in a book or classroom , as the surrounding article makes clear .
two people are dead , and seven others wounded , after someone opened fire last night on a crowd on a street corner in miami s liberty city
thousands of old fashioned pumps can t register more than . on their spinning mechanical dials .
his face was digitally obscured , but a breakthrough in the case came when german police were able to reconstruct a recognizable image , ap reported .
fbi agents on tuesday arrested blagojevich and his chief of staff , john harris , on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of obama s successor to the senate .
former england captain lawrence dallaglio has quit international rugby and will bring down the curtain on his club career at the end of the current season .
because the festival does not own its own cinema , it screens films in diverse venues like parks , theaters , clubs and bars .
the government urged motorists not to hoard fuel , saying there would be enough to go around .
calls to police from inside the house reported that several people had been shot , he said .
the international institute for management development imd announced wednesday that korea ranked th in among major economies .
kidman , who wore a gray knee length skirt , cream colored blouse and pale pink cardigan and had her long , curly hair drawn up in a loose bun , appeared calm and composed during the session in the new south wales state supreme court .
israel radio reported that hamas leader ismail haniya had met with a leader of islamic jihad to push for a halt in the firing of qassam rockets into israel .
now there s a perception of anonymity , said lesley withers , a professor of communication at central michigan university . people think what they say won t have repercussions , and they don t think they have to soften their comments .
kinshasa , congo cnn a park ranger has been arrested for allegedly masterminding the massacre of endangered mountain gorillas , conservationists said wednesday .
the eu is the second largest destination for south korean products after china .
berlin , germany cnn haile gebrselassie broke the world record when he won the berlin marathon on sunday .
the pressure on its resources means the charity has been forced to turn away patients .
the south has thousand members of the military , compared to the north s one point one million .
oil prices rose cents to . a barrel in midday trading on the new york mercantile exchange after initially falling .
she inspired people , she still does , and uh , look , i couldn t be happier with sarah palin and she s going back to be a great governor , and i think she will play a big role in the future of this country .
mosul police spokesman gen . saied al jabouri said intelligence reports suggested the attacks were coordinated by al qaeda and the islamic state of iraq which he said were two sides of the same coin and were an effort to free at least inmates from the al faisaliya prison in mosul .
presidential spokesman ari fleischer wouldn t comment directly when asked if the two were forced out , saying only that each had resigned .
in addition to ordering the twice weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach , who was to observe her interactions with her children .
the mobile homes had been evacuated sunday .
the group is said to have left the north korean port of tongchon on friday evening , pretending to go fishing .
this role is a great opportunity for her to show off her comedic skills and be diabolically evil and kick some butt . it s going to be really fun .
china s supercharged economy grew by a stunning . percent in the third quarter , surging ahead despite official efforts to cool the boom and putting it on track to overtake germany as the world s third largest within weeks , according to data reported thursday .
with suicide attacks in the capital , kidnappings of foreigners and a resurgence of the extremist taliban in the south , afghanistan doesn t get many tourists .
the labor department reports wholesale gasoline dropped nearly in just one month .
there is nothing to apologize for .
that s the question bedeviling scientists in the three weeks since the phoenix lander began digging into mars north pole region to study whether the arctic could be habitable .
north korea has allowed u . s . officials , including assistant secretary of state christopher hill , to visit a missile factory believed to have been used for uranium enrichment in an effort to prove there were no ongoing enrichment activities .
cyprus packs a huge amount of monuments in such a small space , said vakis loizides , a tourist officer at the cyprus tourism organization cto . the island s special relationship with saints , like lazarus and helen , make it very attractive .
it s a long road to pennsylvania avenue and it runs right through the heart of pennsylvania , she told supporters in philadelphia tuesday night .
earlier , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon made that appeal , saying the vote runoff as currently scheduled would only deepen divisions within the country and produce a result that could not be seen as credible .
japan will be the next member of the six party negotiators to hold working group talks with north korea , doing so on wednesday , hill said .
the spacewalk was broadcast live on television throughout china .
on friday u . s . president george w . bush announced an economic stimulus plan involving a billion tax relief package .
the attack was carried out on the merkaz harav yeshiva in the kiryat moshe neighborhood of west jerusalem . it is one of the largest seminaries in israel , with about students in the yeshiva and in an advanced graduate program .
the new museum is about twice the size of the beverage company s former museum , which was built in and located about a mile away , next to the georgia capitol building .
he knew how to avoid the pass rush in the nfl , and michael vick managed to avoid the media when he slipped out of federal prison in kansas early this morning .
campaign watchers said there is no doubt that former gnp chairwoman rep . park geun hye was the clear winner as about of her supporters were elected .
rescuers are in contact with the miners and planned to begin lifting them out very soon , she said .
blackwater s employees were protecting a u . s . official when they were hit by a large explosive device , then repeated small arms fire and to the point where it disabled one of the vehicles , and the vehicle had to be towed out of the firefight , said marty strong , vice president of blackwater usa .
colossal squid , known by the scientific name mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni , are estimated to grow up to feet long and have long been one of the most mysterious creatures of the deep ocean .
barack obama , the first days .
and at four sea world parks , guests can watch a stunt show with buzzing speedboats based on baywatch , the popular tv series .
when president bush was re elected in , he received percent of the hispanic vote , but that was before the divisive political debate erupted over illegal immigration .
that s about , for every one of the legendary spartan soldiers who fought off a much larger persian force in the epic battle .
because they are at the end of their hibernation season , they have less blubber to rely on for fuel than they would later in the summer or fall .
they say the total loss to investors is estimated at more than million .
facebooking and twittering your way through the pentagon
the aircraft , with serial number , was manufactured by bellanca , and is registered to the flying m hunting club inc . in yerington .
asha , , was picked up late saturday on a motorway in the cheshire area of northern england , a source said .
rather , the former anchorman of the cbs evening news , is seeking million in compensatory damages and million in punitive damages .
enung testified that samirah s nude body once was covered in plastic wrapping tape on orders from varsha sabhnani , who then instructed enung to rip it off .
this is a vote where many of us feel that the national interest requires us to do something , which is in many ways unpopular .
it will be two months out , ferguson told reporters on monday .
new york cnn bookstores are lined with the works of novelists who ve never seen their creations make it to the silver screen or who ve been burned when they do .
we trust the prayers of the nation will be with them and with their families .
mccain told an overflow crowd of more than at a retirement community near hilton head island , south carolina .
local authorities said they were thankful the death toll was so low .
an ancient korean scribe compared the cascade to , bushels of pearls falling down .
the united states has the highest troop deployment at about , .
the downward spiral continues .
among the survey s many discoveries was that about half of those to years of age who remained sexually active reported engaging in oral sex .
platini is proposing reducing the number of clubs eligible for the champions league from the big nations such as italy , spain and england to allow more places for teams from smaller countries .
police said it was possible his attack on the girls was sexually motivated .
a senior diplomat in seoul , deeply involved in the nuclear problem , told they korea times sunday that such a story was unheard of , adding that christopher hill , u . s . assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs , didn t talk about that when he visited seoul last week .
there are also allegations hyundai automotive s executives bribed politicians and bureaucrats for business favors in past years .
the plan is the work of a new task force announced last week to study the iraqi refugee issue .
the girl has made a full recovery , he said .
on monday , a man , who identified himself as nick , said he saw about bodies floating in a river in yangon . he described them as both men and women , monks and civilians .
it is sounding out options for contacts with cuban officials after the temporary transfer of power from fidel castro to his brother raul the first such change in years .
israel rejected the plan outright when it was first proposed .
sarkozy whisked his wife and son off for a tour around malta a day after his election sunday .
even if blagojevich named a replacement for obama , it is unclear whether the senate would seat the governor s choice .
the talks have already been hampered by a suspected u . s . missile strike that left several dead in a nearby tribal area , ap said .
the journal also described the pair s acquisition of a small monkey and their experimenting with different medicines to sedate the monkey for their journey home , mcdevitt s office said .
after bitter partisan battles , the monica lewinsky scandal , and impeachment by the house , clinton left office with wrinkles and powder white hair .
winless basel have a single point .
protesters were also heard shouting anti cnn slogans .
now a broader investigation of him is being conducted , he said to iraqiya .
in both studies , tasimelteon reduced the amount of time it took for them to fall asleep , and increased the amount of time they spent asleep .
but in a nod to u . s . president george w . bush , who had strongly made the case for the two countries to be fully admitted to the alliance , nato promised future membership to the pair at a later date . albania and croatia were also invited to join .
galaxy head coach frank yallop called beckham a winner on and off the field .
the prosecution was an absolute fiasco , said daniel vischer , a lawyer and union leader .
brown and finance minister alistair darling said the plan would ensure the flow of money between banks and their customers . they said it would unjam any potential freeze by lenders jittery about global markets and liquidity .
the two banks said the merger is expected , from , to generate about euro . billion us . billion in pretax savings and increased revenue , or an estimated euro million us . billion after taxes .
people of working age infected with the hiv aids virus are costing the world s labor force at least billion in annual productivity .
in many cases , patients also spend less time under the knife .
the . quake struck at a . m . wednesday gmt and was centered miles southeast of the town of luganville , the u . s . geological survey reported .
if you like the alps , you ll love chamonix , where hikers and non hikers alike can enjoy vast mountain vistas with little effort . and when you tire of the mountains , italy is just next door .
south korea saw the talks as an opportunity to bring the north back to the stalled international talks , but the north was reluctant to go beyond the economic aid offered from the south , shunning discussion on the nuclear issue , south korean officials said .
the new system also raises the minimum price at which airlines can add the surcharge .
the clouded leopard of borneo discovered to be an entirely new species is the latest in a growing list of animals and plants unique to the southeast asian country s rainforest and underscores the need to preserve the area , conservationists said thursday .
al qaeda is probably still pursuing chemical , biological or nuclear weapons and would use them if its operatives developed sufficient capability .
adam lindsey , who created a computer language spinoff of lolcats called lolcode , said , if it is successful , all you are is sort of a midwife helping it into the world .
doctors who operated on clinton said the former president had a large pool of fluid compressing about one quarter of his left lung .
hundreds of the khaki uniformed interior ministry officers flooded tbilisi s main thoroughfare , the site of the main protests by demonstrators calling for the u . s . backed saakashvili to resign .
stelios giannakopoulos scored a dramatic stoppage time equalizer to leave bolton s uefa cup hopes on a knife edge after a draw against aris .
million as part of a wider investigation that also resulted in a fine for korean air lines and notice that virgin and germany s lufthansa would have to pay restitution to customers .
certainly the industry is falling over itself to try and prove its green credentials .
with , turkish troops massing close to the country s south eastern frontier , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s government faces growing public pressure to take action following a weekend pkk ambush which left at least turkish soldiers dead and eight more missing .
the year old hit the stanchion high outside goalkeeper victor valdes left hand post in the third minute after gabriel milito handled his header from a paul scholes corner .
there is a moral imperative to combat this epidemic , said nancy pelosi , the house s democratic speaker .
so far , patients have had the spinal surgery with op putty with , vaccaro says , a percent success rate .
los angeles , california cnn bobby brown spent a night in the hospital after suffering a mild heart attack , his attorney said wednesday .
i call on all those who . . . believe it is possible to reform france without brutalizing it , who want a triumph of human values over the stock market , who want an end to the painful rise of insecurity and precariousness , to come together , she told a rally in central western france .
millions more have read his books and seen him on television .
the measure is designed to tighten security and make it harder for terrorists who are citizens of the participating countries to easily obtain entry to the u . s .
vertigo is caused when a person s balance system gets confused .
president felipe calderon , who surveyed the zone from the air friday , called the flooding one of mexico s worst recent natural disasters .
it s one of the greatest days of my life . winning this trophy . . . i dreamed about it as a kid , france football quoted ronaldo as saying .
he raised the possibility that emmanuel , who was born in captivity to rojas , was living in a foster home in the colombian capital of bogota .
vick arrived about hours after he had left a federal prison in leavenworth , kansas .
a woman falsely claimed there was a bomb on board a turkish airliner to try to delay the flight so her husband could catch it , turkey s onur air says .
meanwhile , another big question looms over the election what do the democrats do with michigan and florida ?
he pointed to precedents in germany and japan , where environmental damage repair is a host country obligation .
the majority of the workers come from indonesia , with nepal and bangladesh a distant second and third , according to a economic report prepared by malaysia s finance ministry .
rescue workers brought in a forklift , high enough to raise a platform to a hole cut into the wall of the house .
the war has become widely unpopular in the united states , and president bush s fellow republicans in congress have had to rely on filibuster tactics to block democratic led efforts to start pulling u . s . combat troops out of iraq .
meanwhile , us president george w bush is expected to back a limited withdrawal of troops in an address on his iraq war strategy .
over the past hours , the situation has been calm and quiet in kosovo , unmik spokesman alexander ivanko said .
then , as the audience chuckled , he added , however , that he has accepted putin s invitation to visit russia .
but he was very complimentary of the security agents and pleased that no one was hurt .
the bomb , in a parked car , exploded shortly after p . m . a . m . et and the force of the blast could be felt in a wide surrounding area , police said .
a libyan took over as president of the u . n . security council thursday , capping the nation s climb back to respectability .
the la galaxy midfielder last appeared for his country in the friendly with germany in august but has missed the previous four euro qualifiers with a knee injury .
bangkok , thailand cnn a teacher from canada suspected of sexually abusing young boys in photographs posted on the internet has been arrested in thailand , thai police said .
an international aid worker who witnessed the bloody crackdown on weekend pro democracy demonstrations in myanmar told cnn she saw bodies lying in the street in front of a pagoda dedicated to world peace , possibly as a warning from the government s security forces .
but the big rub for auto workers is republican insistence that nearly immediate wage cuts level the playing field with foreign carmakers , most of which are located in heavily republican states in the south .
climate change and energy are issues for the general assembly , where all u . n . member states are represented , and the economic and social council , not the security council , they said .
no one on the ride was injured , she said .
as much as inches of snow is forecast through the day today in northern alabama .
i suspect that you know whatever remaining superdelegates will make their decisions pretty quickly after that .
the new orleans jazz and heritage fest that smorgasbord of music , food and fun allows music enthusiasts to plan an itinerary around everything from musical lectures and demonstrations to impromptu parties .
more african countries should send peacekeepers to somalia , where an islamic insurgency has killed thousands of civilians this year , secretary of state condoleezza rice said wednesday .
apart from the terminated cases of tax inspections , the nts said it is also investigating another foreign fund on charges of tax evasion .
the policeman , named in the italian media as luigi spaccarotella , has admitted firing the shot , according to his lawyer francesco molino .
park clearly made the most of a rare start awarded by manager alex ferguson , who kept cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney on the bench in the opening half apparently with tuesday s champions league second leg with lyon in mind .
the source of the tomatoes responsible for the illnesses in at least states has not been pinpointed .
they just celebrated their th wedding anniversary . they re just really good , cool people .
the un international labor office published the world employment report a few months ago .
more snow is in the forecast in washington state , forcing the governor to declare a winter storm emergency .
joining us from a little further north of philli , correspondent julie walker is watching take offs and landings at new york s la guardia
cnn jamaican police have confirmed that pakistan cricket coach , bob woolmer , died of natural causes and was not murdered as originally announced during the cricket world cup in march .
violence is the second . these control methods are rampant in sports such as football , swimming , volleyball and basketball , to name just a few , where percent of the training staff are men .
gome electrical appliances said it is not in a position to confirm the accuracy of the information set out in the newspaper articles .
but this hotel is safely across viale trastevere , just far enough into the quiet part of the neighborhood to save guests from sacrificing shut eye .
doctors found no cancer in the five small growths removed from president bush s colon , the white house said monday .
halloween was far beyond anything we ve seen on labor day , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers .
four journalists unaccredited by the zimbabwean government were taken away , he said .
we do have to remember , it s the parents choice to break the law , he told cnn s american morning .
and retired turkish gen . edip baser told cnn he believes an operation could be just weeks away .
britain s highest court decided wednesday that a rapist who won the lottery while in prison may be sued by his victim even though the statute of limitations ran out years ago .
it followed allegations by the tamil tigers , who are fighting for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka , that government forces had killed civilians in an attack on rebel held territory in the wanni region friday .
al zaidi was dragged away .
rainie said it was only a matter of time before women shoppers caught up with men , because women traditionally control the household s spending decisions .
joe biden , the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , said that if the president disagrees so strongly with the idea of talking to iran , then he needs to fire his secretaries of state and defense , both of whom biden said have pushed to sit down with the iranians .
abbas fatah group dominated palestinian politics for decades until last year , when hamas won legislative elections .
it isn t possible to change this regime through democratic means .
dave martin , a retired veterinarian , was pronounced dead shortly after the incident , which occurred about a . m . friday a . m . et at solana beach , california .
police shut down the mile long court street , the main east west thoroughfare through central clearwater , as they investigated the accident , he said .
we certainly will have somebody in place
some people offer kimchi at memorial services for ancestors who craved the dish , though many don t because the color red is said to scare away ghosts .
the new york restaurant association sued the board of health in an attempt to block the measure , claiming it would violate its members first amendment rights .
cnn six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire sunday morning in ocean isle beach , north carolina , attended the university of south carolina , a university official said sunday .
chinese rescue workers have not been able to find bodies of the missing sailors , but found two life rafts and other belongings from the south korean vessel , maritime police in incheon said .
the rangers reported hearing shelling and gunfire on friday and saturday , and fled again before they were able to check on any other gorillas .
experts attribute the first written reference to kimchi to yi kyu bo , a korean poet and government minister who lived from to .
at the time viacom inc . owned cbs . but viacom and cbs corp . split into two different companies in january .
general motors charts , fortune no . lost money too , and bp saw its profits decline . in a year when crude prices remained high .
to produce a stimulus package that really would boost our economy isn t just a collection of everyone s favorite programs .
as the dollar has dropped versus the euro , many investors have flocked to commodities such as oil and gold to preserve the value of their assets .
he congratulated the ppp for bringing back democracy to thailand and said that december , the date of the elections , should be known as a reconciliation day .
numerous media reports say gibbons was arrested after allowing her class of year olds to name a teddy bear mohammed .
a stream of bad news buffeted stocks though , including the worst u . s . retail sales figures in three years , a surge in uk unemployment and predictions that recessions were unavoidable in the u . s . and europe .
stocks have been gyrating up and down .
i m really excited , i think that is the first time in my career i have won a title without losing serve , said federer . that was very special and i m very proud to keep my streak going .
the prime minister said the government would work with architects and designers to encourage them to build with blast resistant materials and introduce traffic control measures like large barriers or vehicle exclusion zones .
the hospital said in a statement that the year old was stable but still in intensive care .
the incident is being investigated by police , canada s national police complaints commission and by the coroner , cbc news reported .
us lawmakers have called on japan s government to formally apologize for its role in forcing thousands of women to work as sex slaves in world war ii .
i think the chinese side certainly understands that the world is watching , he said .
current technology fuels the increase in narcissism , twenge said . by its very name , myspace encourages attention seeking , as does youtube .
as mattel owns the rights to the scrabble trademark outside the u . s . and canada we are currently reviewing our position regarding other countries .
police in the nearby city of falluja said the gathering was for the principal of a technical school in the village of abu minasir in abu ghraib .
but she said she and bush agreed the iranian issue can be solved through diplomatic means .
for the exit poll , voters were selected at random to fill out questionnaires after voting .
a parallel study is underway by an italian research group funded by the european commission .
a year old son of yi seok s uncle , who was taken to japan as hostage and forced to marry a japanese woman , lives in japan .
defense experts testified that the children were infected by unhygienic hospital conditions .
the fbi said people were taken into custody overall , including people in australia , canada , germany and england .
more people in their s and s are putting off their marriage and staying single as they are trying to find jobs in the tight labor market .
the year old told the magazine , i just think happiness is what makes you pretty .
the united states is calling on the north to dismantle all atomic programs .
weather experts say they do not know if there will be more rain or snow in the near future .
various indications show that economic growth may fall at a faster pace than we anticipated months ago , lee told reporters after the bok s monetary policy committee decided to freeze its base interest rate for april at percent .
what awaits us in the end is a fatal blow to ourselves , leading only to our downfall .
spanish police acting on a telephoned bomb threat evacuated ibiza airport in the balearic islands , and later used a controlled explosion to detonate a suspicious package , airport officials and press reports say .
obama chides illinois governor s decision to fill senate seat
in people , a rare but fatal form of the disease called variant creutzfeldt jakob disease has been linked to eating infected tissue from cows .
transport provisions and military equipment during his battle of adwa to defeat italy s better equipped army .
he is riding to raise money for yuma s crossroads mission , which provides shelter , meals , showers and clothing to the homeless .
seals can be harvested for organs other than their genitalia , they say .
and not giving them wages , heng said , according to the shiyan evening news . the dead man had nothing to do with me .
he said that allowing headscarves would be a rejection of turkey s secular system of government .
crocker spoke at a news conference after a meeting with iranian diplomats in baghdad the first public and formal meeting between u . s . and iranian representatives since the united states cut off diplomatic relations years ago .
the project s web site http www . project tothe . com suggested that successful ideas address such critical issues as providing food and shelter , building communities , improving health , granting more access to education , sustaining the global ecosystem and promoting clean energy .
twelve victims of monday s shooting at virginia tech remained hospitalized wednesday night .
the checks we have done in our archive so far have not delivered any specific information about this sort of transportation .
that could bring locally heavy rainfall to a good portion of south central and central portions of the united states , and possibly enhance some of the snowfall , making it very heavy across portions of colorado .
tribe members were being held by the coast guard but had not been charged , said mark oswell , a spokesman for the law enforcement arm of the national marine fisheries service .
nasser bin khamis al jashimi of the ministry of oil and gas said rough seas prevented tankers from sailing from omani ports , effectively halting the country s oil exports .
the value of the zimbabwean dollar suffered its worst crash in memory , dealers said thursday , sparking a run on dollars and forcing stores to close early to put new prices on their meager stock .
he couldn t have been that bothered if he lived for another years .
once the parade is over , revelers are left standing outside the stadium in a brilliant , slightly silly looking getup , with few options aside from returning to the hotel to watch the rest of the parade on tv .
the disappearance is itself a tragedy , arni said , but the other victims are the families suspended in limbo , suspecting their loved ones are dead , yet unable to mourn .
used to be , you had to wait years after death to get your face on the stamp , unless you were a president .
he said the us had altered the strategic balance by unilaterally pulling out of the anti ballistic missile abm treaty in .
but friction exists .
united nations officials described the violence as a one time incident and said the situation wednesday was calm .
police said they did not suspect foul play and that his body had been discovered surrounded by pills .
the dreary skies created a grim backdrop , and a sharp contrast to the clear blue of that morning in .
takeshima is the japanese name for the korean controlled dokdo islets in the east sea long an issue of contention between they two countrys .
nasa has until tuesday to send discovery and a crew of to the international space station .
crocker s image was transmitted onto several large flat panel screens , including one sitting on the witness table facing the senators . he faced a tough crowd .
the elections , originally scheduled for january , will take place some time in february , they said .
the french musician s guild says the composer died at his villa in california .
the year old said he and his partner , sean cohen , created the site after concluding that internet dating sites attract a lot of brave and desperate people but not particularly attractive ones .
the two koreas are still technically at war after the korean war that ended with a cease fire treaty , not a peace treaty .
on the ground , troops are edging closer to gaza city .
narita , japan cnn japan started fingerprinting and photographing arriving foreigners tuesday in a crackdown on terrorists , despite complaints that the measures unfairly target non japanese .
the bbc s charles scanlon says that the north s new statement looks like a recipe for continued deadlock .
japan hopes to discuss global warming , food safety and oil exploration in the east china sea .
the impeachment move , a symbolic parliamentary process rather than a realistic proposition in blair s case , is the first since the mid th century .
a jury in the u . s . territory also cleared gutierrez s former chief of staff , gil shinohara , and former airport manager gerald yingling .
on wednesday morning , hundreds of people left temporary evacuation camps in rented trucks and returned to their villages , complaining they had received no food and saying they must tend crops .
the bomb went off in the ground floor restaurant of the four story marhaba hotel in an old quarter of peshawar , a city near the afghan border , leaving a carnage of corpses and body parts scattered among broken tables and shattered crockery .
the demonstrators shouted down with alkatiri ! as they punched the air and waved anti government banners and flags .
the prosecution will also summon again byeon yang kyoon , former cheong wa dae policy planner following a first round of questioning sunday .
the sixth seeded american closed the match with one of his aces , and had numerous service winners against the second seeded spaniard .
although this is drastically reduced from rctv s previous audience , its continued presence is a sign of hope for the staff .
nineteen others were wounded in the suicide attack in mardan , in pakistan s north west frontier province , according to a pakistani military news release .
as a writer you can never know a real person as well as you know your characters .
the british inquest into the august , deaths began october after a decade of british and french police investigations and french court proceedings .
international olympics committee president jacques rogge has confirmed his intention to stand as a candidate for a second term in the position .
the walkout began wednesday night and was expected to last hours , but the backlog of services could mean the effects of the strike last much longer .
watch soldiers search fields for missing u . s . soldiers .
to our immense satisfaction we realized with had reached the top of the world .
the channel program diana
national intelligence service nis director kim seung kyu admitted thursday that some illegal eavesdropping had been committed during the kim dae jung administration , but emphasized it does not seem to be as rampant as in previous governments .
shipman refused , saying she would send help instead .
after suffering a stroke in that limited her ability to speak , she communicated chiefly by writing .
but after finding that they were south koreans , the shiite men released them the following day .
the group says the nearly half trillion dollars spent on the iraq war could be better spent on domestic infrastructure and healthcare .
the fingerprints and photos will be checked for matches on terrorist watch lists and files on foreigners with criminal records in japan .
the political deadlock is a major embarrassment for prime minister yasuo fukuda s government , which has faced calls to show leadership as the stewards of the world s second largest economy amid rising worries of a global financial downturn .
one analyst says there s a lot of panic out there today as the dow opened by going off the deep end , plunging more than points before recovering a bit this morning .
before kishore , his father and grandfather did the same job .
the system was built with a fully redundant backup channel called side b , designed to come online in the event side a ever failed .
it is half as big as the philippines tarsier , which has similar features .
ma describes it as a musical party , a collection of good time collaborations with musical buddies , james taylor and diana krall among them .
but he said that a deal could still be reached monday , which would be the final day of talks .
belgian gert steegmans won the second stage of the tour de france after a pile up km from the finish put about riders out of the final sprint on monday .
sens . barack obama and hillary clinton hit each other hard monday , a day before contests in north carolina and indiana that could break the deadlock over who will be the democratic nominee for president .
the quake , which hit at a . m . p . m . et friday , was centered km miles north of sendai , japan , in southern iwate prefecture , the japanese meteorological agency said . several strong aftershocks followed .
developing countries are likely to demand that richer countries help them adapt to warming global temperatures , which are expected to cause widespread flooding , droughts and rising sea levels .
he added , this is also in europe s interest . some of the countries that have illegally recognized kosovo have committed a historic error .
with his wife by his side , craig said he is the victim of a witch hunt conducted by the idaho statesman newspaper .
the japanese government is seeking to calm a growing storm over comments reportedly made by a member of the cabinet that japan could abandon its ban on nuclear weapons .
the deal allows america forces to remain in iraq for three more years .
the size of the treatment effect is larger than in most of the other medications we ve seen , said dr . mark willenbring of the national institute on alcohol abuse and alcoholism . and all the drinking variables changed in the right direction .
no one has seen an image of the interaction at the edge of our solar system where the solar wind collides with interstellar space , said david mccomas of the southwest research institute in san antonio , texas , the mission s principal investigator .
soldiers , police and volunteers dug for survivors of landslides that killed as many as people wednesday in western indonesia , including dozens who were celebrating the cleanup of a mud covered home , a rescue official said .
on the fourth and last day of the four day talks , the koreas agreed to work toward practical resolution of the issue of prisoners of war pow and abducted civilians .
the nation board of the un s nuclear watchdog , the international atomic energy agency iaea , approved the mission at a meeting in vienna .
i m always finishing films and looking forward to seeing them , and i know bernie didn t see this movie .
another were injured as a result of the . magnitude quake , which struck about p . m . a . m . et .
bush made his case as a democratically controlled congress moves to set timetables for u . s . forces to pull out of the unpopular iraq war and as the president s job approval rating dips low in opinion polls .
partial results put mitt romney and john mccain neck and neck in florida , a key battle for republicans seeking to run for president in november .
from the ibm building to rockefeller center , foreign investors are snapping up american assets .
david saul hammer , a lawyer for rdr books , said the publisher would not challenge the claim by rowling that much of the material in the lexicon infringed her copyrights .
teenage heads bob into sight straining and craning on tiptoe to look in .
the ruling uri party failed to regain a majority of national assembly seats .
the leaders are objects of a pervasive personality cult in the communist north , with father and son portraits hanging in every home and building .
he got hurt in a relationship and he just kind of went into his shell , and he decided to say no to life .
the talks , involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia , will take place over two days , with a possible extension of one day .
in sri lanka , where the death toll reached , , corpses drifted in floodwaters , while thousands fled their homes and cars floated out to sea .
we once again strongly urge them to promptly return home the korean citizens taken hostage , the security policy coordination council said in the statement .
it s very exciting , he said .
when iran is able to go to the united nations complaining about the statements made and get some sympathy , that s a sign that we are taking the wrong approach .
people living at that sea level means there are probably a lot of people potentially in harm s way .
his remarks came in the face of growing opposition from political circles and the public to his proposal , which according to the korea herald is largely seen as an electoral ploy .
musharraf said in an interview with cnn that he had spoken to his military commander in the region , who reported fierce resistance that led him to believe the fighters were protecting someone important .
this accident has proven once again that a human is powerless before the nature , he said .
an estimated . million people turned out for different events across colombia , according to police operations commander gen . jose riano .
however , south koreans who experience wasting hours in long line at the u . s .
one of mickelson s best shots ever ?
more than people have died in floods and landslides in china , and tens of thousands have fled their homes in the east , where dykes are in danger of being breached by a swollen river .
voter turnout stood close to a meager . percent , the third lowest in by elections since .
impossible iii and the upside of anger , and the tv miniseries into the west .
a customs official hid the package in a suitcase belonging to a passenger arriving from hong kong as part of an exercise for sniffer dogs on sunday , reuters . com reported .
charles rangel , a senior member of the new york democratic delegation , also told cnn , i have reason to believe she is open to the vice president slot .
the paper said the trip had caused fury among some in the military who saw it as a waste of time and money at a time when british forces are thinly stretched , fighting in iraq and afghanistan .
several media reports this week said the united states was trying to garner the support and attendance of arab nations , which are considered critical to any peace talks .
the korean people s army kpa air force command said an rc plane had flown over territorial waters on june th , th and th .
still , having to be on camera at a . m . to be in sync with tasters in the united kingdom and north america led to a less than palatable pairing
in an addendum to the main agreement , north korea also would acknowledge concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities take place .
at one point on sunday , officials described foot waves and mph winds .
among the dead were a year old girl , a year old girl , a year old boy and three year old boys .
lindsay lohan was a jailbird for just minutes thursday , becoming the latest celebrity to serve less than a day for a drunken driving offense .
the plan calls for north korea to disable its key nuclear facilities no later than march and disclose details of its nuclear programs , according to the sources .
former chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and several other of the sacked justices remain under house arrest .
rioters bombarded police with baseball bats , molotov cocktail bombs and bottles filled with acid as the violence spread to the nearby towns of longjumeau and grigby monday night .
china launched its first lunar probe wednesday , the first step in an ambitious year plan to send a rover to the moon and return it to earth .
amid growing speculation that other lg affiliates , such as lg engineering construction and lg petrochemical , will also refuse to accept the proposal , market observers say the creditors are not likely to take lenient steps to save the troubled card firm .
the conference also hopes to help countries fund new technologies that will help reduce pollution .
president barack obama said ready to end the practice put into place by his predecessor , george w . bush .
an afghan team that was supposed to have held more talks with the taliban on saturday could not reach the group because of security concerns in ghazni province , provincial sources said .
i know that the senior lee has been very careful in behaving so as not to create unintended misconceptions , said park chan sook , one of the advocates for lee s retirement .
we have given the government a list of taliban prisoners who should be released and that is our main demand , he told reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location .
despite tepco s reassurances , the incident has triggered public concern and criticism of the company .
now we can say we are the best team in the world . we knew they could create problems but i think today we kept them down to a minimum of chances .
i hope the tone is different for him than it has been for me .
rivera said the incident was evidence of the effects of global warming .
in gaza , israeli government spokesman mark regev said .
wenders offers palermo shooting , a thriller about a photographer pursued by a mysterious gunman , and egoyan presents adoration , centered on a youth who reinvents himself in cyberspace .
watson is credited with discovering the double helix along with maurice wilkins and francis crick in .
the move is part of a deal agreed in february , in which pyongyang pledged to disarm in exchange for fuel aid .
beaufort , south carolina cnn the military sunday identified the u . s . navy blue angels aviator who died in saturday s crash as lt . cmdr . kevin davis .
muhammed parvez , a frail year old cab driver , appeared unemotional during his brief appearance at a brampton court .
the us pressed for the release of the democracy activist , aung san suu kyi .
video footage from the scene showed roofs torn off homes , cars flipped over , trees snapped in two and a caved in section of a newly constructed shopping center .
the village is on a thin isthmus linking mainland sri lanka to the jaffna peninsula .
five of the executives are said to have been paid at least million each , and more than got at least a million dollars .
and her sister , constance , was lowered into the ocean , according to karen kamuda of the titanic historical society in indian orchard , mass .
the ambassador , gen . edward pietrzyk , was evacuated from the scene by a helicopter from blackwater usa , the security firm that protects u . s . diplomats , a source told cnn .
sanchez says he has no idea how the nail got there , but it has people talking .
pro democracy activists have said the new supreme court s decisions have no validity .
chugai took a major hit when its american partner , genetics institute , lost a patent fight with amgen for u . s . rights to epo , a lucrative anti anemia drug .
korean students in the first grade of high school were also found to rank second for reading , third for math and fourth for science among countries .
and inzaghi , who had earlier hit both the post and the crossbar , collected a lobbed pass from gianluca zambrotta , controlled it first time and prodded the ball home for the equalizer in the second minute of injury time .
nine people were killed on thursday , official media reported .
the conway area humane society is evaluating successors to take over by the end of january , henley said .
president bush will unveil his alternative to the kyoto agreement to combat global warming , offering businesses incentives to achieve an estimated . percent voluntary reduction in the u . s . over years .
russian olympic committee spokesman gennady shvets told the associated press that russia was absolutely not considering canceling the torch relay .
and obama has already said her first concern is how year old malia and year old sasha will settle in here .
now we re talking about to miles north of alaska , he said of projections for .
while there were questions raised about how flinchum s department handled monday s shootings specifically telling the campus what was going on during the two hour gap between the dormitory and classroom shootings flinchum got the support tuesday of john marshall , virginia s secretary of public safety . watch what swat instructor thinks officers should ve done
at least three victims are in critical condition , eight are in stable condition and six are in good condition , a hospital official tells cnn .
, are from other countries , the state department says .
but doctors say those numbers could be slashed if americans knew more about how to protect themselves against the disease , and if they were better informed about how to detect it in its earliest stages , when the odds for long term survival are excellent .
kumgang as pyongyang has approved new real estate regulations for the resort area , according to the korea times .
stocks were also down in australia , hong kong , indonesia , the philippines and taiwan .
pictures of the bloody tiananmen crackdown are available .
he is seeking the parliamentary majority he needs to pass his promised raft of sweeping reforms .
her imprisonment also reversed a mental disorder she said she had suffered from all her life .
in a televised address , correa called a raid by colombian national police and air force one day earlier a massacre that killed civilians .
in today s music industry , plain janes need not apply .
the prisoners escaped from hwasong camp in north hamgyong , a province close to the chinese and russian borders , in december , the dong a ilbo newspaper reported wednesday .
but putin expressed cautious optimism that the two sides could find a way to cooperate over missile defense and described his eight year relationship as russian president with bush as mostly positive , the associated press reported .
clara rojas said , as she was reunited with her elderly mother , clara gonzalez de rojas , who was tearful as she hugged her daughter .
wednesday s hostage drama unfolded on a warm day just a short distance from city hall , where ducat had driven the students after dismissing the bus driver , authorities said .
adding to their impressive list of electoral debacles since , the uri party failed to win any of the three seats .
and betina joteva , spokesperson of the bulgarian permanent representation to the eu , said in comments reported by euobserver . com it the work is preposterous , a disgrace . it is a humiliation for the bulgarian nation and an offence to our national dignity .
hill said the agreement followed very good and very substantive talks between the two nations .
san juan , puerto rico cnn beauty pageant organizers were investigating sunday who doused a contestant s evening gowns with pepper spray and spiked her makeup , causing her to break out in hives .
in the years since , sir edmund has shown us that the achievement of one dream can be the basis for new aspirations .
sens . john mccain and barack obama will claim victory in all three contests in the potomac primaries , cnn projects .
just over , abortions were carried out in spain in .
yeah man , this is my direction .
oxbridge says percent of its clients get into one of the elite colleges .
the spy agency said it considers the cyber attack a grave threat to the national security .
new york s and chicago s homicide totals were the lowest in more than years , and in philadelphia , slayings dipped slightly after reaching a nine year high in .
the jury , still deliberating on two co defendents , was sent home for the night after failing to reach verdicts on manfo kwaku asiedu , , and adel yahya , .
unicredit chief executive alessandro profumo contended that the merger will reinforce both groups in italy and abroad , mentioning austria , germany and central europe in particular .
again , nedrow wrote back pointing out that the web site actually belonged to the company that made the drink , hardly an objective source .
the congress , comprised of , delegates from all over china , meets only every five years .
chelsea s john terry and frank lampard , who both missed the switzerland win ,
the protesters clashed with police who sprayed water on them to block their march .
one aimed at unfreezing credit markets and making loans more available by lending about billion to holders of securities backed by loans .
louis mayor freeman bosley jr . , chairman of a task force on hunger and homelessness for the u . s .
this makes china s role more important than ever for resolving the nuclear standoff , and at the same time constrains washington s policy choices , beck said in the article for the feb .
the amount of rain and snow that has fallen in the states from maine to florida has been far below normal .
if one of our athletes were asked their feelings on an important issue it would be absolutely their prerogative to answer as they see fit , abbott told national radio .
the world s fourth largest island , madagascar is renowned for its unusual flora and fauna , including , species of plant found nowhere else in the world .
as news of the shooting spread , people gathered outside the mall , checking on loved ones who were inside .
the community guidelines state that graphic or gratuitous violence is not allowed .
these and other findings came up in a recent poll by gallup korea of foreign investors on korea s business environment .
the official declined to say whether the lawmaker was gagged by the ruling party s leadership .
he said that in the second stage of overwatch in the spring , and guided as always by advice of military commanders the reduction will be to , troops with a further decision about the next phase made then .
president lee started the first day of his u . s . visit by encouraging a group of korean americans there .
defectors in south korea say they usually bribe border guards to cross the border .
the headphones were placed on the chests of patients , directly over the icds .
oil investors can interpret such news in one of two ways
sporting , who are also heading to the knockout stages , hit back with goals by miguel veloso and liedson in quick succession just after the hour mark .
powertune is also listed online for about , and tronical says it can be installed on many different models of electric guitars without leaving a mark .
they are expected to discuss the fight against the taliban and al qaeda and the growing number of civilians killed in coalition military operations .
if you find something that s cheaper , print out the ad or find a flyer and bring it with you .
cohen said he purchased it from angola s national diamond company two years ago , and knew immediately he had found something special .
eight people are still missing , said hennepin county sheriff richard stanek .
nowitzki led dallas to a record , tying for the sixth best winning percentage in nba history .
the decision was based on the fact that they were part of a team , that marion jones was disqualified from the sydney games due to her own admission that she was doping during those games , ioc spokeswoman giselle davies said .
broadcast live , the stunt left greek commentators speechless , but in china , state tv cut away to a pre recorded scene , according to the associated press , preventing millions of chinese viewers from watching the tumultuous start to their nation s games .
for defibrillator patients , it is a much bigger concern because the magnet can temporarily deactivate it , says the study s senior author , dr . william h . maisel , director of the medical device safety institute at beth israel deaconess medical center in boston , massachusetts .
okabe said ban was fine and would continue as scheduled on the rest of his middle east visit .
jakarta , indonesia cnn a powerful earthquake shook buildings and caused panic on the densely populated indonesian island of java , but there have been no reports of injuries and no tsunami alert .
parts of a small town some miles north of philadelphia have been evacuated , after an accident involving a truck carrying a hazardous chemical .
the references to church prohibitions against abortion and euthanasia came in benedict s first major speech since arriving in brazil , the world s largest catholic country , on his first pilgrimage to latin america .
no successors have been announced .
gunmen in northern iraq stopped a bus filled with christians and members of a tiny kurdish religious sect , separating out the groups and taking of the passengers away to be shot .
princess diana and dodi al fayed were unlawfully killed due to the gross negligence of driver henri paul and the paparazzi , an inquest has found .
the india pakistan train link was suspended after a attack on the indian parliament that india blamed on pakistan and which nearly led to a war between the two countries .
the u . s . led coalition provisional authority abolished capital punishment in iraq after saddam hussein was toppled in .
a close friend of harry s brother prince william was among those killed this month when a warrior troop carrier was destroyed .
another tip is to briefly close your eyes during the movie .
foreign carmakers are revving up their sales networks with new showrooms and service centers nationwide .
even if it s not ice , the discovery of salt would also be significant because it s normally formed when water evaporates in the soil .
it has forced people from their homes .
nearly four out of five of the crimes child prostitution accounted for some cases , while others violated child protection laws .
jewish dietary laws forbid the eating of pork .
lee kang gil , a spokesman for the prime minister s office , said yesterday that the government would use million from its own budget , while the rest would come from donations from the private sector .
thousands paid their respects to alexandros grigoropoulos at his funeral , but a small number of the protesters there grew violent at the end of the ceremony .
however it happened , here is no doubt that newton s insight was brilliant
london , england cnn police questioned prince harry after two rare and legally protected birds were killed on the royal family s estate last week , the prince s press office said wednesday .
he has always passed the uci s tests and the internal controls . it s bad news .
jewell , , died of natural causes at his home in woodbury , georgia , according to meriwether county coroner johnny worley .
some of the more than , people evacuated because of the flames are being allowed to return to their homes .
there are no beach chairs or tiki bars on these protected beaches , where tourists may only venture with a guide .
the men were also suspected to have dug up muslim graves to get bones which could fetch them thousands of rupees in the black market .
uri party proposed income tax cut of p .
portuguese police are making a great effort .
under a draft plan , the current reporters quarters and briefing rooms in the administrative branches will be consolidated into three in government complexes in central seoul , gwacheon and daejeon .
carey , , said this is the most enjoyable point of her nearly two decade old career , and that s her priority these days , not trying to set sales records or even making pop history .
its peanut butter is not sold directly to consumers , but distributed to institutions and food companies .
the british treasury and some of the nation s biggest banks are expected to unveil details of a capital plan early monday .
they used infrared and heat sensing tools and also walked the area between where the tiger is believed to have gotten out of her cage and a cafe where the attacks took place .
u . s . light crude gained cents to . a barrel in electronic trading .
the shrine honors japan s war dead , including people judged as war criminals after world war ii .
cup of premium roast at competitors like mcdonald s and dunkin donuts is . and . , respectively , the companies said wednesday .
spanish and french interior ministers who were attending a meeting in germany , abruptly left the meeting to return to france .
zardari made his first public appearance before the world only three days after his mother s death when he was announced as the new chair of the pakistan s people s party .
fujimori showed little emotion during tuesday s hearing .
except they both need glasses , and there s only one pair .
it was an emotional final performance for the musical , which closed on may after more than years and , performances , second only to cats , broadway s longest running show .
spain has arrested more than suspected islamic extremists since the madrid train bombings of that killed people , although not all of the suspects remain in jail .
the success of stephen frears film the queen especially helen mirren s oscar winning depiction of queen elizabeth ii in the week following the death of princess diana has reawakened interest in british dramas about recent history .
until recently china s church appointed bishops without vatican s approval .
speaking to the knesset , angela merkel also spoke of germany s unwavering support for israel calling the iranian president s nuclear ambitions a major danger not only to israel , but to the world as well .
flight of the penguins
with her mother , and because her ground level apartment is in an area of vacation homes with a constant coming and going of travelers .
the new york giants thrilling win over the new england patriots was the most watched super bowl ever , with . million viewers , nielsen media research said monday .
it has also said the bank didn t have adequate written anti money laundering policies for its staff .
in early , libya handed over its nuclear components and documents related to the country s wmd program , which were taken to a u . s . facility in tennessee .
police said initial investigations had found that a man driving the front cab of a similar style trailer , which also was stolen , had falsely presented himself to security as the legitimate driver .
steve yohanan loved having a cat around while he worked at home , enjoying how she put her head against his hand or purred in his lap .
authorities said the operation snarled traffic on several highways .
the newly installed iraqi interim government will bring saddam hussein to trial thursday to face war crimes charges likely to include the chemical weapons massacre of kurds and the invasion of kuwait .
starbucks says the holiday shopping season is their busiest time of the year .
but it s a combination of idealism and , if you will , brute force .
the entire industry , including auto workers and dealers , was against immediate bankruptcy , arguing americans won t buy cars from a chapter company .
we re really going there just to understand whether the conditions might have been hospitable for microbial life at some point , said the university of arizona s william boynton , lead scientist for the oven experiment .
before the ceremony , a hamas delegate said the deal set the outlines of the new government s political platform , including a provision by which the factions including hamas would respect previous peace deals between the palestinians and israel .
it was the first time the two leaders had met face to face , although bush said they had several phone conversations .
i had a bit of a letdown , i was too good for my own level , sharapova said of her first set lapse . but i m really happy to get back in the final .
it got into his bag somehow at the location where they were staying , said kay speerstra , executive director of the animal welfare league of arlington . nobody noticed it until he was unpacking , and then he definitely noticed it .
michelle obama taking year old sasha to the sidwell friends middle school in washington , while year old malia begins at the elementary branch up the road in maryland .
nasrallah in a televised address to mark the seventh anniversary of israel s withdrawal from lebanon said that to enter the camp would be crossing a red line , and the palestinians should not be touched .
it dawned on her that the gulf in care was troubling her .
israel s action against hamas and gaza is now in its second week .
and today , barack obama and john mccain will be sitting down together to talk about cooperation in chicago .
the couple s ridley township home is in delaware county , southwest of philadelphia .
it said it is making necessary inquiries for the purpose of verifying the allegations .
many analysts have said that chung will probably avoid a prison term given his central role in running arguably one of the country s two most important corporations , the other being samsung electronics co .
we hope that this takes place in the most optimal way , president michelle bachelet said , according to her web site .
baby found alive in mud days after algeria floods
but the ministry of defense said the explosion came from a bomb in a car parked near the bus .
but the u . s . has cautioned against overestimating the impact of the performance , saying warmer ties will depend on whether the north keeps its commitments under a nuclear disarmament deal struck last year .
to use this technique , researchers introduce a genetic change into mouse embryonic stem cells .
there were also reports of heart problems in adults the committee didn t look at adults .
currently , election laws permit only those aged or older to cast votes in elections , but the age would also likely be lowered to .
egu is a village unicef is no longer able to visit on a regular basis .
the u . s . military is holding seven iranian intelligence service personnel in iraq , spokesman maj . gen . william caldwell told cnn s late edition in an interview taped friday .
the government appealed for help from abroad , and countries were sending planes , helicopters and firefighters , including france , which dispatched four water tanker planes and russia , which was sending three helicopters and an amphibian plane .
it s done phenomenal business , said demeter , , who lives in the california s san francisco bay area . i m very honored that so many people would enjoy my game . i get e mails from year old ladies who say , i don t play games , but i love trism .
the victim was his year old stepdaughter .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is personally overseeing efforts to restore order in basra , said ali hadi , an official in the prime minister s office .
party officials told cnn that the younger zardari , who attends oxford university in england , will take over as chairman once he completes his studies .
the way wars are fought now . . . there s no defined lines of engagement , rose said . the average cook could be hit with a rocket attack while he s carrying potatoes to the mess hall .
the deployment of patriot advanced capability pac launchers , capable of shooting down incoming missiles in the final stage of flight as they near their target , was sparked by pyongyang s firing of a ballistic missile in that flew over japan .
in an interview with the korea herald , gen .
with obama s wins saturday in louisiana , nebraska , washington and the virgin islands , the illinois senator took the pledged delegate lead over clinton , according to cnn calculations .
for a long time he s been a regular worshipper at mass with his family and in recent months he s been following a program of formation for his reception into full communion .
i believe the olympic games will be a great opportunity for us to speed up this transition , yao said . i believe the situation will get better and better .
secretary of state hillary clinton is launching a day trip to mexico , just as the us steps up its border security efforts .
stung by dwindling public support for president roh moo hyun , cheong wa dae is now widening its battle against conservative newspapers to include media outlets once generally regarded as friendly to him .
the korea times reports the probe , initated at the request of former seoul mayor lee myung bak s camp , initially cornered his rival candidate former gnp chairwoman park geun hye .
a year old girl was hospitalized with a gun shot wound and another victim , who jumped out the window , was taken to a local hospital , police said .
zuma was sacked by mbeki as vice president in after his financial adviser was jailed for corruption .
just eight weeks on the job , gates used the conference and a nato gathering earlier in the week to introduce himself to the international community and meet privately with a number of defense ministers .
ryanair spokesman peter sherrard said in a statement that many british newspapers regularly run pictures of topless or partially dressed women .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the won , which fell to a nearly two year low of , . to the dollar on march , has gained . won per dollar over the past three trading days .
separately wednesday , berlin commuters found themselves sharing the road with escapees from a local zoo six horses , three camels , two goats and a llama .
feeling paralyzed and voiceless in the doctor s office is one of the major health care mistakes women make , says dr . christiane northrup , author of women s bodies , women s wisdom .
among the british soldiers killed in iraq this month were two in a scimitar blown up by a roadside bomb in maysan province , the first successful insurgent attack on the kind of tank that would carry harry .
police found a bb gun , a steel mallet , a inch knife and rubber tubing in a bag nowak was carrying and in her car , authorities have said .
india s christians celebrate first woman saint
foreign minister nkosazana dlamini zuma said sudanese president omar al bashir made the request to his south african counterpart thabo mbeki at a meeting tuesday , a day after a spokesman for u . n . and african union mediators pressed darfur rebels to come to peace talks in libya .
last week , israel closed all but the erez crossing on gaza s northern border on wednesday in response to rocket and mortar attacks from gaza a violation of the fragile cease fire between israel and hamas leaders .
more than celebrities and professional baseball players who apparently took steps to avoid being drafted into the military for the mandatory two year term . the joong ang ilbo reports the draft law dictates that an exemption can be overturned by a court if it can be proved that illegal methods were used to avoid conscription .
you can actually see some of the redness in the daylight , but the glowing can best be seen in these pictures .
here life is so removed from the lure of cities that the boys have no choice but to study there is nothing else to do , says hwang min ho , an instructor who carries a short , black baton as a symbol of discipline .
fenske , an attorney by training who has also worked as a forest ranger , was an environmentalist long before hybrid cars like the prius hit the market .
her recording of the saucy christmas song santa baby was certified gold last week .
serbs seeking to drive out bosnian muslims in a policy of ethnic cleansing executed the region s fighting age males , then used bulldozers to dump them into mass graves .
the transfer of the money has been delayed due to unexplained problems .
mclaren has raced and tested on spanish circuits for many years and everyone connected with the team regards spain and spanish people with great affection , lewis included .
staff from the australian embassy in jakarta and members of the australian federal police and the royal air force were traveling in the business class section in the front of the plane , according to australian government sources .
pittsburgh , which has won five super bowls , is a point favorite over the cardinals .
a muslim chaplain cleared of espionage charges in the u . s .
this is a fairly big deal , one senior administration official told cnn .
there would have to be new construction , and that could start right away , putin added .
out of the red cliffs when bamiyan , on the fabled silk road that linked rome to china , was a thriving center of buddhism and culture .
for the boeing dreamliner , ilfc chief executive steven udvar hazy told reporters .
austrian police have uncovered a massive child pornography ring on the internet , tracking downloads of sexually violent material to more than , people in countries , a government official said .
overall business surged , with the top movies taking in . million , up percent from the same weekend last year .
governor arnold schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in seven counties , with , acres burnt from santa barbara to san diego .
japan , the only country in the world to have suffered nuclear attack , adopted the so called three non nuclear principles of not producing , not possessing and not allowing nuclear weapons into the country .
but the two have never met on clay .
as questions continued to arise about how police reacted to the first shooting at the dorm , university president charles steger on tuesday defended the response , saying police believed it to be a domestic fight , perhaps a murder suicide that was contained to one dorm room .
ban made the remark during a luncheon meeting with local and foreign journalists .
the north s kim promised to pay a return visit to the south for a second summit , but has not honored that pledge .
irritating even as the campaign defended their use .
the bbc reports south koreans are voting in a parliamentary election amid forecasts of the lowest turnout since the end of military rule years ago .
the female bites the head off the male during sex .
he has been in exile in saudi arabia since then and under the agreement was not allowed to travel or directly take part in pakistani politics .
lee has pledged to raise annual growth to percent during his five year term , while raising per capita income to , over the same period with a target of creating , new jobs every year .
the modern gondola is big enough for dozens of people .
maoist rebels in nepal say they are stepping up their support for a campaign of civil disobedience against the direct rule of king gyanendra .
liechtenstein is a bowl in the mountains high ridges on the east , milky baby rhine river still giddy from its tumble out of the alps running south to north on its west , and the stout and classic gutenberg castle guarding the entry to the valley on the south .
the governing party failed to win a single victory in the elections for the local legislatures .
we need to insure that such an event is never repeated , meera shankar told daily der tagesspiegel tuesday .
if someone has any information , they should have passed that on to us , he said .
chong wa dae will hold a meeting of senior presidential aides today to discuss hong s fate , after which president roh moo hyun will preside over another meeting of aides , according to presidential spokesman kim man soo on sunday .
state media also say , people were arrested during the recent crackdown on anti government protests .
light , sweet crude for april delivery jumped to a new trading record of . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange before slipping back to . a barrel , up cents .
officials said the accident at suvarnabhumi airport was related to the unusually long wingspan of the plane . it was not due to problems with traffic control or human error of the captain , said thai airways president apinan sumanaseni .
at the same time there were people rushing to get out , there were other people who seemed to be lacking a sense of urgency and didn t seem to realize what was going on , hall said .
the less invasive form of surgery for lung cancer can significantly decrease recovery time when compared to open chest surgery .
china , the host nation , presented a third draft on a joint agreement but details were kept under wraps .
the protesters wanted to capitalize on the massive event to spread their anti china message .
the letter follows the committee s staff report on terrorists internet use . read the report
orange , california cnn with the number of uncontained fires down to nine in southern california , gov . arnold schwarzenegger turned his attention saturday to what he called the ugly side of human behavior during and after the disaster .
the italian presidential palace said prodi took the action after losing , by two votes , a major foreign policy vote in the upper house of parliament .
polls suggest obama is approaching the electoral votes he needs to win the white house .
barack obama is about to hold a town hall meeting in the st .
investigators seized financial documents and computer files at her home , the office of a construction firm run by her mother , and a welfare center in seoul at which yang said she worked .
japan dispatched its whaling fleet to the icy waters of antarctica in november to kill about , whales under a program that tokyo says is for scientific purposes , but which anti whaling nations and activists say is a front for commercial whaling .
the leader of the defendants was henry polanco , who dealt with the drug suppliers in the dominican republic , according to the complaint .
hold their hands aloft and sing we are building iraq !
some opinion polls suggest the british public is opposed to the marriage of the prince of wales and parker bowles .
congratulations to sir alex , his players and their fans but i have to say i m prouder today of my team than when we became champions , he said .
according to the national statistical office nso , the number of people living alone rose . percent to . million in from , accounting for percent of the country s total households .
on the question of gay marriage , percent of respondents in may said they would not support same sex marriage or civil unions , which provide many , if not most , of the same legal protections as marriage .
the endorsement seemed even more unusual because lee was often accused of suppressing labor activity when he was the chief executive of hyundai construction and engineering from the late s to the early s .
the photos were published by the washington post .
alfaroon asked for the most severe penalty for al majid , sultan hashem ahmed , saber abdel aziz , hussein rashid and farhan jubouri because they committed awful crimes and they never had mercy for a woman or a child .
in indonesia , tens of thousands rallied against a planned labor law they say will undermine workers rights .
we had ozzy fans bidding against these sophisticated fine art buyers , which you don t see every day , said darren julien , whose company , julien s auctions , ran the charity sale friday and saturday . for the most part the metalheads were outbidding the art crowd .
i bring the good will of the united states to south america and central america , he said . that s why i m here .
hill also said he discussed the possibility of the peace treaty with north korean and chinese delegates at the multilateral talks held earlier this month to resolve the dispute over pyongyang s nuclear weapons programs .
north korea has long demanded a peace pact with the u . s . and raised the issue again in july before the resumption of the six party nuclear talks .
betty astonished scientists by deliberately bending a straight wire into a hook the feat , it is said , makes her the first animal other than a human that has shown a clear understanding of cause and effect , and fashioned a tool for a specific task using new materials not encountered in the wild .
bp said it had completed the closure of the forties pipeline system by a . m . gmt , when , workers at the grangemouth refinery in central scotland walked off the job .
some copier makers are now adding security features , but many of the digital machines already found in public venues or business offices are likely still open targets , said ed mclaughlin , president of sharp document solutions company of america .
, and he forced his daughter to write letters to strengthen his case .
a cleveland police spokeswoman said friday they wanted to speak to anne darwin .
she won t say whether a suicide note was found .
there are also interneters anonymous , and the member internet addiction support group , founded by a new york psychiatrist .
the large car rental companies are for it .
wall street opened this morning with stocks up a bit after yesterday s selloff and a downturn on world markets overnight , but markets have gone south again today , the dow is now down by about points .
the bomb exploded near the outer wall of the mosque in downtown dera ismail khan as worshippers were leaving after evening prayers , said abdul ghafoor , a local police officer . the blast shattered the mosque s front wall and damaged its dome .
hamas , which took control of gaza in a violent mid june siege , sent members of its executive force to enforce security .
davison said it was wrong to draw the british council , a cultural organization , into an international political dispute .
but sales in germany , audi s home market , slipped by . percent last month to , cars sold .
some of america s closest nato allies reacted with surprise and disbelief wednesday to reported comments from defense secretary robert gates suggesting that their troops fighting the taliban in afghanistan are not up to the job .
from now on , we re going to make those civilian vehicles flex fuel capable , plug in hybrid or cars fueled by clean natural gas . if our great goal is to move american transportation toward lower carbon emissions , then it should start with the federal fleet .
to get the very best advice .
when the freedom they wanted the most was freedom from responsibility , then athens ceased to be free .
the two other security officials , who also spoke on condition of anonymity for the same reason , corroborated his account .
she added that hawaii also expects to see increases in visitors from china , where the islands could not actively promote themselves until recently .
the chosun ilbo reports that in the future , when suspects are arrested , the families of those arrested will be notified immediately , who then will be allowed to watch the investigation process .
the owner , albin schram , began amassing the archive in the early s , steadily building up one of the largest and most comprehensive collections outside a major museum .
while supporters of the new law say it protects america from terrorists , critics say the law harms americans right to privacy .
police at beirut used water hoses and tear gas to drive anti israeli protestors away from the u . s .
the crackdown . . . is far from over , said human rights watch asia director brad adams . harsh repression continues , and the government is still lying about the extent of the deaths and detentions .
many of the dead mountaineers are buried in zermatt s downtown cemetery .
another study of healthy adult workers at one company also showed that administration of the vaccine resulted in fewer illnesses .
but enforcement has been so lax that until recently many people didn t even know prostitution was illegal , says song ae ri , a sex industry expert at the ministry of gender equality .
the international zone , also known as the green zone , is the seat of iraq s government as well as u . s . military and diplomatic agencies .
it is truly a great honor to introduce the th secretary of state of the united states of america , hillary clinton .
and narcisa de jesus martillo moran , a th century laywoman from ecuador who helped the sick and the poor .
the seed vault is the perfect place for keeping seeds safe for centuries , said cary fowler , executive director of the trust . at these temperatures , seeds for important crops like wheat , barley and peas can last for up to , years .
it is interesting because one part per thousand is not a small amount , houtkooper said in a telephone interview .
he was said to be in moderate condition in hospital .
snow white voiced by amy poehler is a haughty queen bee , cinderella amy sedaris is an obsessive clean freak and sleeping beauty cheri oteri is a narcoleptic who s constantly nodding off .
lara also criticized u . s . based cnn for broadcasting video showing anti government demonstrations , followed by images from acapulco , mexico , that showed protests against the death of a mexican journalist and for juxtaposing chavez with footage showing the body of an alleged al qaeda leader and protests in china .
second seed rafael nadal , the only player to beat roger federer at the last grand slams at the last two french opens battled past serbian qualifier viktor troicki in a night match on center court .
you simply use computers wherever you find them , either by keeping all your data online or on a usb flash drive that holds all your files , applications and settings .
rangers and scientists have made contact for the first time in more than a year with critically endangered gorillas threatened by a war in the democratic republic of congo , a national park announced tuesday .
the u . s . military delivered to taiwan electrical fuses for an intercontinental ballistic missile , raising concerns about relations between the u . s . and china .
in a clear shift from its past low key attitude toward japan , south korea will take a firm and resolute policy line in dealing with the neighboring country while trying to reinforce its effective occupancy of the tiny islets , according to government officials .
the judges more than doubled the punishment for the victim because of her attempt to aggravate and influence the judiciary through the media , according to a source quoted by arab news , an english language middle eastern daily newspaper .
libya agrees to pay for deaths of a past bombing .
a working group session on economic and energy cooperation will be held at the south korean embassy in beijing on thursday , the south s foreign ministry said tuesday .
the torch relay was disrupted several times and police made more than two dozen arrests .
republican john mccain is stumping across ohio today in a rally in hanoverton .
obama administration officials say america s new objectives for the afghanistan war could be announced as soon as next week .
organizers say it is their final push to try to force prime minister thaksin shinawatra from power before the poll .
while you want to show that you re goal oriented , be certain you don t come off as entitled or ready to leave behind a job you don t even have yet .
krause began finding fragments of abnormally large frog bones in madagascar , off the coast of africa , in .
to get the very best advice . scowcroft , who opposed the war in iraq , is a fierce critic of the current bush administration s approach .
a visit could be seen as paying homage to kim , who is revered as a near deity in north korean propaganda .
one commentator , noting the carbon dioxide emissions such travel would create , has called that eco suicide tourism .
the iraqi government claims the private contractors , who were guarding a u . s . diplomatic convoy , killed as many as civilians .
he said he d had a rough time in his life and wanted to see about changing it , army sgt . edward dust said .
the ban covers tobacco but not marijuana , which is technically illegal anyway .
on wednesday , a roadside bomb killed two u . s . task force marne troops and wounded four others southwest of baghdad .
klaus got the support of deputies and senators in the third round of voting at a joint session of the upper and lower chamber of the czech legislature .
obama campaign spokesman bill burton declined to comment on the report .
beattie said the both doctors were recruited from liverpool last year , through an ad in the british medical journal , to work in australia .
some western china scholars are even praising it for the scientific basis of its principles .
police are checking the video to see if anyone should be charged .
when yo yo ma enters a room , everything changes .
yellow fever typically is found in tropical regions of africa and latin america .
the arrests included nearly all of the justices on pakistan s supreme court , which was set to rule against the legitimacy of musharraf s third term in office .
he called the attackers enemies of education .
they would be dressed in white tuxedos and top hats during the attempt , the affidavit states .
other beachgoers witnessed the scene , joined in and dropped to their knees more than people in all .
what has been done is spectacular , said eu official jos delbeke , the head of the commission s climate change unit .
skipper steven gerrard admitted liverpool have a mountain to climb after their champions league defeat away to turkey s besiktas on wednesday night left them facing group elimination .
the two had reached a similar agreement in early may , but never ironed out the details and the crisis escalated .
amnesty analysts said that early in china reformed the way capital cases are handled , leading to a substantial reduction in executions .
paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that his relationship with former supermodel carla bruni is a serious matter , but he would not reveal a date for their wedding .
the announcement was made last month from washington that pending changes to an article of the uniform code of military justice will wipe out the grey areas defining penalties for buying sex and allow military courts to kick people out of the military for doing so .
the famous black labels on the company bottles proudly pronounce , established and registered in .
the batasuna party officials were arrested in the northern town of segura on the order of spain s national court , a police official said , speaking on condition of anonymity in accordance with force policy .
al asad air base dates to the s , when it was used by iraqi forces loyal to saddam hussein .
we have been informed if there is a suspension it will be european cup , said manager alex ferguson .
on wall street , where the share decline began , stocks were trimming losses in wednesday afternoon trading following a volatile morning . cnnmoney . com
all i m asking is that , please , let an independent inquiry investigate this matter so that it can be laid to rest .
a california man sold his year old daughter to an year old man for cash , beer and meat
cho presented three forms of identification and state police conducted an instant background check that probably took about a minute , the store owner said .
the attack came a day after a pakistani taliban leader blew himself up to avoid arrest by government forces near the afghanistan border , officials said .
craig would look down at his hands , fidget with his fingers , and then look through the crack into my stall again , karsnia wrote in documents accompanying the arrest report .
it was passed unanimously by the security council after being revised to drop any mention of chapter seven of the un charter , which is legally binding and can authorize sanctions or even military action .
nearly a month into the worst demonstrations to hit myanmar in decades , the saffron robed buddhist clergy are emerging as the focal point of the anti government protests .
the eu , united states and other trading partners say the yuan is kept undervalued , giving chinese exporters an unfair price advantage and adding to the country s surplus .
diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over north korea s missile tests appear to have made little headway with two sets of talks failing to progress .
after touring the area , bachelet said the government would reinforce the area s health services with more doctors and ambulances , as well as a helicopter and a power generator in case of a new emergency .
uk parliamentarians and celebrity campaigners launched a bid on wednesday to impeach tony blair for gross misconduct over his justification for the iraq war .
in killington , the green mountain club has been working this summer to finish a project relocating part of the appalachian trail to get it away from roads .
a fox spokesman told hollywood trade paper daily variety that it s a totally inappropriate question at this time whether he would appear in the movie .
there are plenty of couples who don t have sex and don t think there s anything wrong with it . and there s others that are in a lot of pain about it .
policeman mohammed khan told associated press two policemen were among the dead , and several children had been killed or injured .
in accordance with our legislation his remarks are being treated as a crime .
eh , was that john mccain or the u . s .
the audience included former actress bo derek , now a special envoy at the state department fighting trafficking in wildlife .
accounts of abuse by the military including kidnapping of women and girls for use in the brothels have been backed up by witnesses , victims and even former japanese soldiers .
like many of stalin s ardent admirers , vekshina is from a generation that mostly suffered from the soviet collapse .
it s a sharp turnaround from just two months ago when the same insurgent forces were focused on fighting u . s . troops and driving them out of diyala province , about miles north of baghdad .
puma calls sports fans with their favorite team ring tone to connect them with other fans every time their team scores .
i was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning . that made me so angry , the official quoted her as telling investigators and admitting the allegations .
rescue workers fear it s unlikely they ll find any more survivors in the rubble .
kita said yesterday that korean products have lost ground in the u . s . market for three years in a row .
the latest round of attacks on us forces raised the numbers of americans killed in june to , the afp news agency reported .
christians say they want the same treatment for the papers that insulted jesus .
flight was carrying passengers and seven crew members when it left bangkok for phuket on sunday afternoon .
smoltz hopes to know more about his hopes for a comeback during the next few months .
the first vote was the second was .
atkinson , kipnis and boultbee were also convicted of mail fraud .
the life of all mankind is in danger because of the global warming resulting to a large degree from the emissions of the factories the major corporations , it says .
opposition party leader and former cricket star imran khan launched a hunger strike in jail , saying he would keep it up until the supreme court justices sacked last month by pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , were reinstalled .
three french journalists charged in an alleged plot to kidnap african children for adoption in europe arrived in paris on sunday , hours after french president nicolas sarkozy held emergency talks in chad .
his postseason record is the best of any pitcher with or more victories and he has a . postseason era in starts .
hezbollah militants are active in lebanon , and have pounded northern israel with katyusha rockets in the past , sparking a war with israel in the summer of .
on saturday night rikki and casie were riding an atv , their father ahead of them on a dirt bike outside this northwestern arizona community , a collection of homes scattered in the desert .
california s democrats , a majority in the statehouse , are at an impasse with schwarzenegger s fellow republicans on spending cuts and tax hikes leaving room for partisan fingerpointing .
for the first several years of its existence , the golden globes like many other hollywood awards were an insular affair .
the situation at staunton river high was not an isolated incident .
the police official did not know the man s name or nationality .
photographs showed people wading through inundated piazzas and waves lapping over waterside cafe tables .
the spokeswoman , who spoke on customary condition of anonymity , refused further comment .
bush s next cancer scan will be in three years , his press secretary added , saying that is the typical interval between exams given the amount of growths found this time .
monday s procession marked the end of the three month buddhist lent , but came ahead of celebrations to honor the revered monarch s th birthday on
i don t want a situation where i am then treated like a foreigner .
the severed left foot was taken to the coroner .
jerusalem cnn israel restricted the flow of fuel to hamas controlled gaza on sunday , a move it vowed to take in response to the incessant firing of rockets into israel , an adviser to prime minister ehud olmert said .
in a tv address , singh said those affected by the rush hour attacks had responded with courage and humanism .
rival political parties are engaged in a heated debate over how to prop up domestic demand amid growing concern that asia s fourth largest economy may fall into a longer recession .
one person who won t be around in person to accept awards is singer and songwriter amy winehouse , but she may be taking home a number of trophies anyway .
the government will focus on restoring vitality to the economy and building a foundation for sustainable growth , deputy finance and economy minister kim seok dong told reporters on wednesday .
the attack happened in southeastern turkey , but turkey s military said the rebels were based in northern iraq .
the transplanted neural crest cells also altered how the bird s natural tissues and even genes reacted in the presence of the foreign beak , slightly modifying some surrounding facial features and speeding some gene action , trainor noted .
go to parent teacher conferences in chicago this morning , then sit down to talk about the economy with his financial team .
all rights reserved .
federal judges ruled it would be wrong for the bush administration to continue to hold them , since they are no longer considered enemy combatants .
schirra retired from the navy and nasa in .
the u . s . total was . billion metric tons for that year .
there is such a demand for information on obama s style and outfits that there is a web site dedicated to that theme
the overture follows a series of punishing israeli attacks against palestinian militants in the past two days .
freedom !
rita is this season s th named storm .
historical dramas about romance and bloody coups at the ancient royal court are a tv staple .
it hasn t affected virgin galactic as a business at all , whitehorn said . it hasn t put a stop to anything .
china has been struggling for years to contain separatist sentiment among the uighur minority in xinjiang .
in a televised address , he said prime minister gordon brown had agreed to send a team of detectives from london to help establish what happened .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the phillies and brewers open the baseball playoffs with a mid afternoon start in philadelphia .
and experts say the nation s culture of shame about debts and overall ignorance about the law are a big part of the problem .
the revelation is expected to deal a serious blow to samsung s reclusive chairman lee kun hee and his only son , jae yong , who has been expected to take over the nation s biggest family run industrial conglomerate within the next few years .
it s made paid for by our kids and grandkids .
the vice president s office says he will not go to illinois as a result , and will go to the hospital to have it fixed , presumably with a gentle shock , like the one he had when the same thing occurred last november .
at that time , his abductors warned they would kill johnston if their demands were not met or if a rescue was attempted .
gere said he was confident the issue would be sorted out .
bush said it s sad that we live in a time when a talented and honorable person is impeded from doing important work .
the north korean response came a day after the ministry of national defense sent a letter to the north , urging the north to stop verbal attacks and hostility to protest seoul s tougher stance toward the stalinist state .
the bedroom should be for two things only sleep and sex .
tokyo may ban cash remittances and freeze assets held by north korea in japan , according to local media .
it s this idea of their work potentially spreading via billions of screens that excites the directors who have made the films .
there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u . s . embassy there , mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted .
yet about a mile away sits ala moana center , once the largest shopping complex in the united states until the mall of america emerged .
gunmen could be seen perched on buildings , forcing residents to cower in their homes , the sources said .
ryan henry , principal deputy undersecretary of defense for policy , said , in an organization as large as dod , the largest and most complex in the world , there will be mistakes . but they cannot be tolerated in the arena in strategic systems , whether they are nuclear or only associated equipment , as was in this case .
surgeons operated on ramos horta for three hours overnight to remove bullet fragments and repair his chest wounds , dr . len notaros , the general manager of the royal darwin hospital , told the australian broadcasting corp . tuesday .
scattered outages caused by heavy snow and freezing rain also were reported in vermont , state officials said .
the building was unoccupied except for construction workers one of whom remained trapped by debris , police commander steve allen said .
but even in brazil there are limits .
police said they were investigating the circumstances of mrs muliaga s death .
al masri , who lost both hands and one eye working in afghanistan , is the highest profile radical islamic figure in britain .
the year old korean american from hawaii began the day four strokes behind meunier lebouc .
moscow ap the typewritten letters on a yellowing page spell out the end of an era in striking shorthand .
throwaway cell phones are set to make their debut on united states convenience store shelves , down the aisle from plastic razors , beef jerky and disposable cameras they seek to emulate as spur of the moment consumer purchases .
paan is a mildly intoxicating preparation wrapped in a leaf , usually containing tobacco , betel nut and flavorings , and is hugely popular across south asia .
they said that currency traders are betting on a weaker dollar as the united states could cut its key rates to help boost the economy this year , while european and japanese central banks may move to raise their rates , which should further weaken the greenback .
of four local administrative chief posts available , two went to independents ha jong keun in changnyong , south kyongsang province , stronghold of the gnp , and chun wan joon in hwasun , south cholla province .
thomas jefferson , who succeeded adams , wrote that slavery was an assemblage of horrors and yet he brought his slaves with him .
there has also been a drive to revitalize certain historic cities and a prize for architecture and the protection of culture .
after four hours of intense negotiation this morning , the team made almost no progress on reaching an agreement on government , annan said in a statement . i had to conclude that they were not capable of resolving the outstanding issues .
a german man who was taken hostage by taliban insurgents in afghanistan in july was freed wednesday , germany s foreign minister announced .
oprah winfrey once dubbed it the greatest love story she had ever heard
under a state high court ruling , massachusetts has allowed gay marriage since may .
no matter what she is called , she is our first korean astronaut , pak snapped .
correspondents say the candidates presence reflects the growing influence of such bloggers , seen as a key resource by candidates .
the bbc reports that pakistan has been suspended from the commonwealth because of its imposition of emergency rule after a meeting in uganda .
some students , professors and campus police officers argue a person determined to kill cannot be stopped , but say they are doing everything they can to put a proper security system in place .
the th named storm of the season is expected to pass though the korea strait tomorrow morning , according to the korea meteorological administration .
one of them brought some of the items he found to loenne , who works for the local government .
hilton must wear a monitoring bracelet and remain at her home for another days , said sheriff s department spokesman steve whitmore .
if i were one of the people who started the fires , i would not sleep soundly right now , because we re right behind you , schwarzenegger said , urging the culprits to turn themselves in .
cnn buildings collapsed , power lines were knocked out and gas pipes ruptured when a powerful earthquake hit the northeastern coast of new zealand late thursday .
she walked around the plaza showing her daughter , kang min jeong , the documentary photos on display .
both companies may hit billion annually in sales in china by the olympics , said terry rhoades , managing director of zou marketing , a sports consultant company in shanghai .
the discovery of the planets will spur a host of new searches .
in neighboring uruzgan province , a battle between taliban militants and troops tuesday left more than insurgents dead in a six hour battle .
it hosts about south korean manufacturers and employs nearly , north koreans , according to yonhap .
the manager was asked about damage .
one failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the german company cargolifter ag in the mid s .
specifically , the text authorizes up to , military personnel and , civilian police .
for neville , new orleans hasn t been the same since hurricane katrina roared through in august , flooding percent of the city including his house .
the sooner restrictions on aung san suu kyi and other political figures are lifted , the sooner myanmar will be able to move towards being an inclusive nation , reconciliation , the restoration of democracy and the full respect for human rights , ban said .
billy graham courted her , managing to coax her away from the foreign missions calling and into marriage after both graduated in .
the energy is then abruptly released in the form of a shimmering display of lights , said principal investigator vassilis angelopoulos of the university of california at los angeles .
you know , i ve always wanted to be the ugly stepsister or the person with the problem .
the third round of six party talks will take place in beijing .
eighty nine percent of tuesday s voters in kentucky were white , according to the exit polls .
most of the political killings blamed on suharto took place in the s .
tajikistan and sierra leone both spend less than per person on health care .
the world must quickly take concerted action against terrorism and deny extremists the chance to carry out a nuclear attack , u . n .
north korea says it will punish the us , after claiming it is conducting spying flights over its territorial waters .
such medicine men think tiger bones and other parts can cure arthritis and other joint ailments , according to the humane society of the united states .
the problem is the secretary general and other members of the security council are basing their arguments on sensationalist reports that are coming from zimbabwe , he said . when i talk to people at home , and what you see in the international media , you would think you are talking about two different countries .
groundhog day in its unfunny , nuclear tinged korean format marks a milestone on sunday , july the th anniversary of the armistice that ended the korean war .
and make up your bed with the sheets folded back the sheets invitingly , the way they do in fine hotels .
the bodies are now being moved to a hospital in phnom penh where bereaved family members will be allowed to confirm their identities .
but it didn t work out that way .
darling insisted on monday that the economy as a whole was well placed to ride out the international crisis .
however , we will support boeing , and we will work with them so that the deadline can be met , osamu shinobe , executive vice president of corporate planning for all nippon airways co . , said sunday at a downtown hotel , hours before boeing was to unveil the first of its dreamliners at the company s wide body assembly plant in everett .
if the united states were to take unilateral military action in the area , kasuri said , you will lose the war the battle for hearts and minds .
farc said it would release emmanuel along with his mother , clara rojas , and another woman , consuelo gonzalez , but the mission to free the captives fell apart december , when the rebel group said it could not release the hostages because of colombian military operations in the area , according to a farc statement chavez read on venezuelan television .
a u . s . embassy official based in pakistan , speaking on the condition of anonymity , had said the united states wants to see the election held , but that we would not object to a postponement .
she said the trip quickly turned into a hair raising chase as a vehicle carrying fawcett and another vehicle , believed to contain his assistant , lurched through traffic around kidman s car .
tuesday , he told reporters that the united states and its allies have put everything on the table , and it was time for north korea to make a decision .
forget the tuxedo .
folsom , pennsylvania cnn the skies won t seem especially friendly to anyone taking off from philadelphia international airport if they notice what a suburban couple wrote on the roof of their home .
it was gergiev s idea to take the world orchestra for peace to jerusalem this october .
over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of
we don t hate the american people but we hate the u . s . army as long as they occupy south korea , said kim the war veteran .
unions have ordered workers to go on total strike , but the leader of one of two main oil unions said it would take time to shut down the country s economic lifeline .
rio de janeiro , brazil cnn not even santa is safe in rio de janeiro .
one sheer drop off to the right , another eight feet to the left .
several people on the ground were burned , and the building which houses a clothing store also caught fire .
we bear you no ill will . on the contrary , we respect iran as an ancient civilization and as a nation with a proud and dignified history .
in , while working on the film version of jurassic park with steven spielberg , he teamed with the director to create er .
the un and african union have condemned with disbelief a village rampage by militiamen in sudan s darfur region .
its sailors have plied the world s trade routes since the phoenicians and greeks .
the plane hit an icy patch while turning onto a runway , and slid sideways into the grass .
ban ki moon showed up in afghanistan , saying many challenges remain for the country , where the us is at war with extremists
the show has afghans all over the world , via satellite television , riveted every thursday and friday night , reconnecting them to the country s long history of poetic and musical artistry after three decades of warfare .
the ministry said the government plans to cull a total of , birds , and despite no link whatsoever to the avian virus , other animals such as pigs , and household pets such as dogs and cats in the area will also be slaughtered by thursday .
i know i can go higher , said the year old williams , a former no . who defeated top ranked jelena jankovic in the semifinals .
the bottom line is , when older people read a simulated book page , we see areas of the brain activated that you d expect , the visual cortex , and areas that control language and reading , he said .
redmond based microsoft has invested heavily in honing its own search engine and advertising technology , but neither it nor yahoo have helped close the gap with google , which dominates microsoft and yahoo in u . s . search queries and related advertising revenue .
at first there was no feeling , but then i was so hungry i couldn t crawl any more , xianchen told the beijing news .
andy roddick will not be taking part in this summer s olympic games in beijing , instead opting to play in an atp tournament in the united states .
he said sectarian violence had decreased , and iraqis were increasingly turning against al qaeda .
he s learnt the lessons he had to learn and now we hope the court takes a lenient view .
the lebanese cabinet said it will issue a statement about a specific response to the violence after meeting early in the week . in the meantime , the cabinet declared its full support for military efforts to end the fighting , said mohamed chatah , a senior adviser to prime minister fouad siniora .
the attack came as the commander of us forces in iraq said the next days were crucial to iraq s future .
some chicago activists are upset that burris may not get the post because of the governor s legal problems .
tsvangirai , leader of the movement for democratic change , maintains that he won the presidency outright although independent observers say he fell just short of the votes needed to avoid a runoff .
extended deterrence for south korea in case of an attack from the communist regime .
us president george w bush has threatened the use of force against iran saying all options are on the table to prevent iran from developing nuclear weapons .
they are reported to be christians on an evangelical and aid mission .
he has to find a way to broaden his base of support .
rivers said the company s site has seen a percent increase in the use of coupons for day to day necessities and a percent increase in the use of coupons for casual or quick serve meals since last year .
but egypt also apparently sought to avoid an outpouring of public emotion that might either get out of control or show that the late palestinian leader enjoyed more support than other arab leaders .
time and temperature ?
it lost power and its central computer failed almost immediately afterward , leaving it uncontrollable .
the future of talks is very much uncertain at this point , hill told reporters as he left his hotel in beijing .
washington imposed sanctions on a macau bank in september , accusing it of helping north korea launder counterfeit u . s . dollars .
it was the first explosion in kilauea s main halemaumau crater since , scattering debris over about acres , said jim kauahikaua , scientist in charge at hawaiian volcano observatory on the big island .
prince harry has been sharply criticized by british lawmakers , muslim groups , and many people in pakistan after a british newspaper published video footage of him using offensive and racist language .
but japan s delegation head , koichi haraguchi said , it is deplorable that north korea did not respond sincerely to the abduction issue .
all those funds were withheld after hamas took over the palestinian government following elections last year .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe had said thursday that there was no proof that so called comfort women were forced into sexual slavery during the war .
usually the time difference between new york and london .
the production , loosely based on a classical cambodian love story and performed in both english and cambodian , is part of a bid to revive the arts in the southeast asian country , where most artists died under the khmer rouge , an ultra maoist movement bent on building an agrarian utopia .
president george w . bush and other world leaders are meeting in washington this weekend to search for ways out of the mess , the president calling this just a first in a series of such sessions .
authorities have said one of the two handguns used by cho was a walther p pistol .
the power cut forced already beleaguered gazans to stock up on food and batteries in anticipation of dark , cold days ahead .
in brussels , eu officials said that south african president thabo mbeki had said he would boycott if mugabe was not invited .
the state run news agency quoted police in tibet giving protesters a deadline of midnight monday to stop their criminal activities and offering leniency to those who surrender themselves . those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying .
a french tourist aboard a plane behind the one that crashed told afp news agency she saw the accident happen .
the trial made headlines when the year old soprano testified she watched a farnham concert on dvd and was disturbed by what she saw .
i think the most seriously injured have already left , but there are still some here that will require surgery and further treatment .
the mission will also plant a flag on the seabed under the pole to symbolically claim the territory for russia .
an investigation into u . s . led airstrikes that slammed into afghan homes where taliban fighters sought shelter has found that insurgents and civilians were killed , two afghan officials say .
john travolta s year old son jett has been found dead in the family s vacation home in the bahamas .
the findings will fuel speculation that pyongyang is not telling the truth about ms yokota , whom many japanese hope may still be alive .
it would only respond to u . s . calls for talks and adopted policies of the previous clinton administration .
the camera shook , but the photographer continued filming and traveled through the smoke filled hallways .
for truckers in paranagua , brazil s second largest port for agricultural products .
a government source said yesterday that kim s special train he does not fly is still in north korea .
he slept downstairs .
amid sub zero temperatures in some places , european gas customers aren t freezing in their homes just yet .
trains are the cheapest and fastest form of transportation for office workers commuting between the capital city jakarta and neighboring towns .
but beefed up policing efforts can only do so much , said rafael goyeneche , executive director of the metropolitan crime commission of greater new orleans .
however , remember anything that can happen somewhere else can happen here .
days of fierce fighting with nato and afghan forces left taliban militants in control of one southern afghan district and battling to take over another tuesday , officials said .
grand national presidential candidate lee myung bak yesterday introduced a detailed plan to help north korea boost its per capita income to , within years under the condition that pyongyang dismantle its nuclear program and open up to the international community .
about , anti government protesters have converged on the east timorese capital , dili .
the new white house pet will follow in the paw steps of a menagerie of animals that have had the run of pennsylvania avenue over the years .
midway through the flight , morgan , , will speak with students in idaho , where she taught elementary classes before moving to houston in to train as a full fledged astronaut , the first teacher to do so .
we have the choice to either cut electricity on babies in the maternity ward or heart surgery patients or stop operating rooms , gaza health ministry official dr . moaiya hassanain said .
justice minister mohamed ali al mardi told reuters formal charges would be leveled once investigations had been completed .
also on sunday , as part of its search for three missing american soldiers , the u . s . military said troops drained a canal after receiving a tip from local shiite iraqis that bodies had been dumped in the area . no clues of any interest were found .
members of the couch planned it before the show .
a tour of the back lot area was closed sunday but was expected to reopen monday , park officials said .
baghdad , iraq cnn at least people were killed and wounded in a suicide bombing wednesday evening in abu ghraib , iraq , an interior ministry official said .
that has sent ripples across all sectors of the economy , including the energy market , by raising fears of a u . s . recession and reduced demand for oil and gasoline .
witnesses said elizabeth peterson ran to a neighbor s house to get help , according to the ap .
the filmmakers also suggest that mary magdalene was buried in the tomb , that she and jesus were married , and that an ossuary labeled judah son of jesus belonged to their son .
analyst trilby lundberg says a gallon of gas is still . cheaper than it was one year ago , and pump prices do vary
ice cores from another site farther north , . miles deep , did not yield any dna .
the sophisticated radar arrived in israel in american military transport planes .
the korean government awhile ago announced there s a limit and there are things that can t be solved , they said in the statement . but we still believe in the government and that it s doing the best to protect its people .
cnn heavy snow and high winds have delayed climbers from carrying the olympic flame to the top of the world s highest peak .
two mortar rounds struck a gas station in a mainly shiite neighborhood in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least people and wounding others , a spokesman with iraq s interior ministry said .
after the sparsely attended session some lawmakers were unable to get through the barricades and some opposition party members boycotted
it s a great feeling because we ve come a long way since i ve been here , guard kirk hinrich told reporters . but we have bigger goals than this .
and a report by human rights watch on wednesday said migrant workers were being exploited to build a new beijing .
supporters gathered outside the grand national party headquarters in seoul broke into cheers as television stations started to report news of lee s victory .
upsetting expectations , eight of the court s nine member panel ruled in favor of the citizens who filed the petition in july against the special law that paved the way for the government to move the capital to the yongi kongju region in south chungchong province .
that company would ve been broke , those people would be part of the , unemployed that occur in this country a month , every month , and they would be on the street .
the brooklyn , new york , artist has become famous for photographing thousands of naked people in public settings worldwide , from london and vienna to buenos aires and buffalo .
an estimated , people were killed in croatia , and about , in kosovo .
has unveiled the latest member of its family of jets , at the asian aviation market .
this tells me that unfortunately , the holiday sales season s gonna be pretty weak , and that uh , job losses are gonna continue through at least uh , the winter months and probably into the spring as well .
montgomery , , was convicted monday of kidnapping and killing bobbie jo stinnett on december , , in the victim s home in the northwest missouri town of skidmore .
the dykes that have soaked in high water level for days will be at an increased risk of breach in the coming days , xinhua quoted an official at the anhui province flood control headquarters as saying .
in the case of the arctic region there is a sort of vicious circle of warming occurring .
prosecutors have been taking a hard line against corruption in south korea .
kabul s version of american idol
italian media have published classified sections of an official us military inquiry into the accidental killing of an italian agent in baghdad .
iran said it rejected such efforts to isolate iran among its gulf neighbors , adding that such policies of fooling the people in the region had already fallen flat .
it also included several photographs of cho posing and pointing handguns at the camera .
i firmly believe that education is an indispensable tool for the flourishing of human well being and the creation of a just and peaceful society , and i am delighted to make a small contribution in this regard through this appointment , he said .
the superliga , which offers million to the inaugural champions , is an eight team competition featuring four major league soccer sides from the u . s . and four teams from the mexican first division .
on a whim , he entered a karaoke contest .
correspondents say the lack of progress in this week s talks is a big setback , but there is still probably enough time for north korea to keep to its side of the bargain .
there s a total trust deficit , bhutto said , confirming that she has been placed under house arrest for seven days .
the two koreas have made historic strides toward reconciliation after their leaders met for the first time in , and this week s talks are the th such cabinet level meeting since then .
however , the house arrest was lifted thursday and hundreds of police officers outside her home were dispersing , police sources said .
earlier reports from russia quoted the unnamed north korean official as saying that pyongyang plans to shut down yongbyon in the second half of july .
if such a rock were to smash into the planet , it would unleash the same amount of energy as many nuclear bombs , astronomers estimate .
but after talking to windows users for months , he realized his distaste for vista and strong attachment to xp were widespread .
there s no such thing as safe sex in an erotic thriller .
about , nato and afghan soldiers are involved in operation medusa , which is the biggest military operation in southern afghanistan since the nato led international security assistance force took over the area from a us led coalition at the end of july .
a second group of about korean defectors temporarily hiding out in a southeast asian country arrived in seoul yesterday , completing an airlift of about defectors which had been in the works for more than two months .
i just got such a kick out of seeing santa claus as a human being with , like , his issues of being a saint and having to take care of everyone , and how he s carrying that , said fred claus director david dobkin .
a nearly percent increase over the same period in .
gates said the group which included defense ministers from canada , britain , australia , the netherlands , denmark and romania talked mostly about how to better coordinate their military and civilian activities , including the reconstruction efforts .
jarre won an academy award for writing the haunting lara s theme for the film doctor zhivago .
the disarmament pact requires north korea to seal its main nuclear reactor , allow international inspectors and begin accounting for other nuclear programs within days .
her publicist , leslie sloane , declined comment to the associated press on thursday when asked for details . sloane had confirmed in december that lohan was attending alcoholics anonymous meetings .
south korea is one of several countries due to submit their report to the un on monday , outlining how they will implement the sanctions , which call for an arms embargo , a travel ban for senior officials and a ban on the shipment of luxury goods .
la paz , bolivia cnn president evo morales declared a national disaster tuesday after weeks of heavy storms resulted in widespread flooding blamed for scores of deaths , particularly in northeastern bolivia .
a boat of about migrants most believed to be from pakistan was waiting off the mauritanian coast monday after the west african country refused to receive the craft intercepted by spanish authorities .
he admitted he made a mistake during his time as chair by presuming that lenders were more capable than regulators of protecting their finances , adding he was shocked when the system broke down .
about of the island is used for commercial , residential and industrial purposes .
on wednesday , they definitively chose the latter view .
elvis presley enterprises , which manages graceland , the king s estate and mansion in memphis , tennessee , previously has said it has no comment on the museum , a transformed coin operated laundry miles west of st . louis .
it s hard i think for a lot of youths to avoid these pitfalls .
those hostages who remained inside the bank were then freed , and the captors later released their human shields on a highway near caracas .
received positive reactions from other countries to the choice of zoellick , the administration official said .
mississippi has democratic delegates up for grabs tuesday , and with the race so tight , every delegate counts .
it is the first time that the nts has disclosed that it is also auditing four smaller foreign funds in addition to carlyle and lone star .
a further , australians , and troops from malaysia , new zealand and portugal are also heading to east timor .
the following year she gave birth to a daughter , maureen . they later adopted a son , michael .
the article also questioned whether the un security council had any right to comment on the recent unrest , saying that the situation in myanmar does not constitute a threat to the regional and international peace and security .
half of china s intermediate people s courts which carry out most of the country s executions now use lethal injections .
while this year s festival , which opens wednesday , also includes the cute and cuddly animated comedy kung fu panda , featuring the voices of jack black , angelina jolie and dustin hoffman , the rest of the schedule is mostly serious cinema , much of it from past cannes luminaries .
kimberly del greco , the fbi s biometric services section chief , said adding to the database is important to protect the borders to keep the terrorists out , protect our citizens , our neighbors , our children so they can have good jobs , and have a safe country to live in .
later tuesday , president bush said he had spoken to snow and told him he was in the first family s prayers .
it s not too soon to start thinking about traveling next year .
it will consider whether federal regulation of cigarettes prevents smokers from suing tobacco companies .
some critics complained that the next step would be to give up the name dokdo for a group of islets whose korean ownership is disputed by japan and use the japanese name , takeshima .
in the summer , william will spend time learning about the military s submarines , its surface ships , and the royal navy s fleet air arm , the palace said .
response could include tens of millions of dollars in humanitarian and economic aid but might also be dependent on a transitional government that s committed to democracy .
all of whom have their own pages on the president s web site .
she also said china and india could face worsening water shortages because biofuels require large amounts of water , while forests in indonesia and malaysia could face threats from the expansion of palm oil plantations .
two other scientists not involved with the research said the skulls are an important find that fill a big gap in the african human fossil record , the period between about , and , years ago .
the climbers who were on the bridge for about three hours came down voluntarily about p . m . p . m . et after workers with the golden gate bridge district began cutting down their banner , ziegenbein said .
the men allegedly behind last week s failed terror plots in england and scotland have connections to al qaeda in iraq , u . s . officials said tuesday .
marchers joined the protest from kufa to neighboring najaf , as iraqi police watched ,
coast guard officials created a , yard safety zone around the injured whale , which was shot about a mile east of neah bay in the strait of juan de fuca .
pfizer is threatening trendy new york restaurants chicama and sabor if they don t remove a seafood dish which contains mussels , shrimp and clams but no viagra , has been a popular fixture on the restaurants menus owing to its uplifting side effects .
that s my running mate there , obama said as she trotted back to her seat , her arms in the air .
fired guard james brown was charged with grand theft .
israeli officials , however , stopped short of confirming that a cease fire agreement has been reached .
the fight took place may , , exactly two years from the night he died .
the move comes after a man sexually abused and killed year old lee hye jin and eight year old woo ye seul in anyang , gyeonggi province , last december , and another man violently attempted to kidnap a year old schoolgirl in ilsan , north of seoul , sunday .
putin had left by the time the result was announced .
south korea plans to cut the number of its troops to , by , and gradually shorten the current two year term of compulsory military service by six months by as part of its defense reform and efforts to boost the civilian workforce .
we need to win virginia on the fourth of november
closing arguments underway on alaska senator ted stevens corruption trial .
that s the highest since .
orders for costly manufactured goods and new home sales both logged unexpected gains in february .
it was time to solve this personnel problem .
the second of eight bull runs in the weeklong san fermin festival involved the black and reddish colored miura bulls , renowned as the largest fighting bulls in spain .
comedian russell brand , , and talk show host jonathan ross , , have been at the center of a row after they attempted to contact comedy actor andrew sachs for an interview on brand s weekend radio show earlier this month .
in an interview on abc s this week , pelosi adds that any future federal bailout money for financial institutions should include the government getting an ownership stake in those companies .
the call comes as taiwanese opposition leader , lien chan , continues a visit to china , where he has held historic talks with president hu jintao .
but poverty persists , especially in many of the highland tourist destinations , affecting some percent of the million population .
he is also producing of one of two rival hollywood biopics about pablo escobar , history s most infamous cocaine trafficker .
this traveler s dream is actually a step closer to reality .
both stars are about the size of the sun , and their planets are gaseous like jupiter , only bigger .
there were no other immediate reports of injuries or damage from the magnitude . earthquake , nhk said .
this single player game first lets you choose whether to play as an autobot or a decepticon , each with unique environments and missions .
maybe it was a fire , some kind of forest fire , she said .
the paper reportedly calls the mountain , where the north korea china border runs through the center of the extinct volcano s crater , a cradle of chinese civilization .
if you only visit one museum , pick carefully .
in a statement read by a spokesman , the families urged the utah mine s owner and federal officials to drill a hole into the mine large enough to send down a rescue capsule .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id despite their fearsome reputation , piranhas are wimps that gather in large shoals to protect themselves from predators , scientists said on monday .
then an unknown japanese apparel company , fast retailing , produced cheaper , trendier casual wear that fit better and cost less .
no motive was given , and other details were not disclosed .
an early break set federer , looking for his th career title , on his way and after taking the first set , he broke in the seventh and ninth games of the second set for victory .
bush said top u . s . and turkish military officials have set up an arrangement to keep in touch with each other and with the u . s . commander in baghdad , gen . david petraeus .
auto insurers report that about , vehicles were stolen in just over a year in mexico , the highest figure in the past decade .
the concept of biometric identification systems actually dates back to , when french police clerk alphonse berthillon suggested that individuals could be identified through precise measurements of the body .
what s being pledged is trillion over the next decade , if the president can get congress to go along with a plan for universal health coverage .
but with the denial of bail being upheld and incarceration imminent , i believe it is now important to react to that decision , he said .
now we re holding individual commanders accountable for their crimes .
the lords had wanted an independent audit of the bank s accounts within three months , followed by annual checks .
initially her requests were denied .
in both stages of overwatch around logistics and support personnel will be based outside iraq elsewhere in the region , brown said .
authorities say there have been as many as arsons in the city in little more than a year s time .
the plan centers on fannie mae and freddie mac , which between them own or back about million mortgages worth a combined trillion .
beijing has taken over as one of havana s key economic partners .
paying in cash is more attractive to the merchant .
the body of a second south korean hostage killed was found tuesday in the chahor devor area of ghazni province in central afghanistan , according to an afghan interior ministry official .
in this survey , middle and high school students were asked about their sexual behaviors and opinions starting in .
updating numbers from wall street , dow industrials now have points , nasdaq up .
swiss federer had been forced to battle to in the deciding set when he played almagro in last year s rome quarterfinals .
john edwards was in third at percent , down one point overnight .
authorities also received reports sunday from people who said they saw laurean at a bus station in shreveport , louisiana .
the city did not go back on its plans but agreed to discuss with unions how and when the new licenses will be released .
the players have a lot of reasons to be proud of themselves . we were the best team today , even against a team playing only in the champions league .
politicians almost always wear dark suits with white dress shirts and a lawmaker s badge on the lapel .
computer science and linguistics professors contacted by the associated press said they were unaware of who first used the symbol .
the titanic did not have enough lifeboats for all of , passengers and crew .
the german weekly der spiegel reported last month that an iranian consular attache had been expelled last july .
ankara , turkey cnn turkey s prime minister said tuesday increased military action against separatist kurdish rebels was unavoidable and pressed the united states for a crackdown on guerrilla bases in northern iraq .
aid agencies are working with the pyongyang government to get emergency relief to many thousands affected .
it said two trucks were filled with no less than kg , pounds of explosives .
foreign minister masahiko komura appointed the popular cartoon robot cat as anime ambassador , handing a human sized doraemon doll an official certificate at an inauguration ceremony , along with dozens of dorayaki red bean pancakes his favorite dessert piled on a huge plate .
the japanese fleet had stopped hunting for three weeks while it was pursued in antarctic waters by the environmental activists .
the teenager who called was hospitalized in stable condition , rodriguez said .
a bomb near a shi ite shrine killed eight people .
the statement did not say how many videos were removed , and it was not immediately clear when they were taken down .
exxon mobil has gone after the assets of venezuelan state oil company petroleos de venezuela in u . s . , british and dutch courts in challenges to the nationalization of a multibillion dollar oil project by chavez s government .
rice said cooperation on missile defense with israel would help the united states defend against iran , along with going after iranian agents in iraq and continuing to impose sanctions on the regime .
kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban talks with south korea over the fate of kidnapped south korean volunteer aid workers in afghanistan are progressing well , a taliban spokesman said , adding that he thinks the situation will be solved peacefully .
cimetidine for warts , clonidine for sleeplessness and bethanechol for speech problems haven t yet made it into drug evaluations or the u . s .
he writes that he advised the white house to veto some bills to curb out of control spending at the time republicans controlled congress .
keeping up with the economy now , president bush says it will come back from the current financial crisis , and what many economists expect already as a recession , but treasury secretary hank paulson says there will be a bump in the road along the way .
protests mark china envoy s taiwan trip
the incoming administration plans to abolish the government information agency gia , revive pressrooms at government offices and downsize the prime minister s office .
ebola is spread through direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person , or objects that have been contaminated with infected secretions .
united were the more fluent force for much of the game .
they stand on the podium silently or hum along while winning athletes from other nations sing when their anthem is played during their moment of triumph .
postal ballots are usually requested for civil servants serving abroad , and the total number of soldiers and police in zimbabwe add up to no more than , , he said .
physical evidence of reported attacks on civilians sometimes can be subtle compared to the slash and burn types of destruction that we saw in darfur or zimbabwe . it s also a lush ecosystem where plants can quickly grow to cover burn marks and clouds and terrain often block satellite observation , he said .
marley and me has a christmas to bark about
korean business leaders tuesday united to urge the government to reject what they call a labor friendly set of recommendations by the national human rights commission .
we know we re going to be surprised , he said in a statement .
the proud father , ben byler , described the birth as amazing .
their second leg ended after extra time with the only goal coming from danish defender daniel agger after minutes . with the tie ending locked in a stalemate after chelsea s win at stamford bridge last week , the stage was set for the first penalty shootout at the semifinal stage since the champions league replaced the old european cup in .
the meat from the program is sold as food .
congressman henry waxman says he has internal documents that show that executives at the company were building golden parachutes for executives on their way out the door , as their company was failing .
also tuesday , a car bomb exploded in a parking lot near the iranian embassy in central baghdad , killing four people and wounding three others , an interior ministry official said .
the rise came despite numerous efforts over the past year to improve the mental health of a force stressed by a longer than expected war in iraq and the most deadly year yet in the now six year old conflict in afghanistan .
the releases come a day after the south korean government said it had reached a deal with the taliban .
the parties to the talks the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia had agreed last year to negotiate follow up measures to the joint statement on north korea s nuclear programs dismantlement , in exchange for diplomatic and economic incentives .
countries like china , india and thailand have the responsibility to take action to help hold the generals accountable and to end this long nightmare of military repression .
in a recent paper , casey mulligan from the university of chicago and xavier sala i martin from pompeu fabra university in barcelona tried to calculate an index of human capital based on labor incomes .
thousands of iraqi army and police force personnel backed by us led coalition troops combed kirkuk for insurgents , while us troops lent helicopter support .
al qaeda is in iraq and they re there for a reason , bush said . surrendering the future of iraq for al qaeda would be a disaster to our country . watch bush tie together al qaeda and iraq raquo
and the white house continues to stonewall us when it comes to providing key documents and offering white house officials for interviews , he said .
analyst diane swonk of mesirow financial says you might wanna leave your k statement unopened for now .
hence , now we have to unite for creating an islamic system and start our political efforts so that we can provide a tranquil life and everlasting peace for our muslim countrymen , it said .
campaigners are targeting chinese embassies , as they say beijing holds the key to ms suu kyi s release .
the labor party leader said his government would offer the apology on behalf of the nation early in his first term suggesting a timeframe of next year .
the nomination of zubkov , who has overseen investigations into suspicious financial transactions , caught much of the political elite off guard , which appeared to be putin s intention .
based on available public reports , amnesty international estimated that in china executed at least , people around percent of all executions across the world .
in deciding not to renew the contract , irs commissioner doug schulman said he concluded , after a month long review , that tax collection could best be done by government workers .
michael crichton was outlived by the long running tv series he created .
fitzgerald has previously expressed concern about the impeachment panel interfering with his investigation .
european shares ended strongly for the second straight session on wednesday , with a key benchmark hitting its highest closing level in two weeks , but volume was stifled by a u . s . holiday .
the blasts fueled tension in the power struggle where the opposition , led by the syrian and iranian backed hezbollah , has vowed to bring down saniora s government .
cnn iran summoned the swiss diplomat who represents u . s . affairs to its foreign ministry on wednesday to protest the detentions of eight iranian delegates in baghdad , according to iranian state run media .
erakat agreed that no magic stick would emerge from the hour meeting in annapolis , maryland , but said it would provide the basis for talks that should begin the day after tuesday s meeting .
on saturday , license plates were auctioned off in all , raising a total of million .
santa monica , california cnn tracey ullman prefers pathetic .
youssif could be in the united states for up to a year for the various treatments he needs .
we realize that our domestic sales target of . million units for is very challenging , but we ve seen some improvement in july and we re not changing our global targets , he said .
parreira said he would help officials find a new coach tasked with building south africa into a credible force for the world cup .
we need to see the commitment to bring down labor cost to be competitive with folks like toyota and honda .
podesta said sunday that preparations for obama s transition have been in the works since early august .
thus far , two significant new bugs have been detected , and , in cash bounties have been paid .
even though it is not a stimulant , it may affect a person s alertness .
bill clinton s overwhelming popularity in puerto rico also gave the new york senator a boost .
the victim s husband told cnn he has not received an official letter regarding her pardon , but considers it to be legitimate since it was announced in an official saudi newspaper .
we waited an extra minutes , but there was no contact from either the german government or the afghan government . therefore we killed him as we said that we would .
i have no control over them , he said of arthur and her attorneys .
australia s all ordinaries index finished down a percent and hong kong s hang seng slumped . percent .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id oui , i do .
it s a sad turn of events for rising star jennifer hudson .
astronomers use t ray cameras to see through dust and clouds in space .
state television showed footage of a grey haired zheng who was expelled from the communist party earlier this year appearing in court in beijing flanked by police officers .
it is only in the past three to four years that the solar industry has become profitable .
the request came a day after impoverished north korea rejected seoul s offer to send doctors , saying it already had enough medical help .
we re up to day now , and the ap s rita foley reports the republicans have their own view of how the president s doing
and because a cup of white tea contains less caffeine milligrams than other teas up to mg and coffee mg , it s more hydrating , another key for sustaining energy .
it was probably too far away from populated areas to cause much damage , weinstein said .
the obama camp claimed it was circulated by mrs clinton s staff as a smear .
other estimates put the fish s maximum age at years , spencer said .
the white house this morning says letting the auto industry fail would be nothing short of irresponsible
police said the giraffe kicked open a fence and walked out .
each bomb was placed in a large plastic container in a knapsack and screws , tacks , washers or nuts , were taped to the outside to maximize the possibility of injury , sweeney said . the july devices were triggered , on three subway trains and a double decker bus , the same as those two weeks before .
they can t concentrate that early when driving that early in the dark .
all prescription sleeping pills may sometimes cause sleep driving , federal health officials warned wednesday , almost a year after the bizarre side effect first made headlines when rep .
madrid won the league that year and the following with the dutchman scoring goals after missing large parts of the season due to an ankle problem .
but a long awaited announcement that the beatles would be part of monday s deal was not to be .
heart disease
hamas victory , and its refusal to change its stance , led the united states and european union to cut off millions of dollars in foreign aid .
an indian firm has launched a paan flavored condom designed to evoke the pungent taste of the betel nut and tobacco concoction chewed and then spat out by millions of south asians , newspapers have reported .
the story prompted an outpouring of support to get help for youssif .
huckabee , a former arkansas governor , widened his lead over romney among republicans to percent to percent .
flinchum never got excited , former blacksburg police chief bill brown told the roanoke times .
i didn t sleep a wink last night , but i m not tired . after a night of anxiety and drama , the bbc s alan johnston is finally free .
it estimates that under past proportions , , support troops would be added to the , combat troops . but it revises that figure to , support troops for a new deployment .
marines in the third day of a battle to pacify the sunni muslim city of fallujah fired a rocket and dropped a pound , laser guided bomb on a mosque compound wednesday , and witnesses said dozens were killed .
the korea times reports police wednesday booked people from nine companies without arrest on charges of circulating illegally downloaded software on the internet .
people in their s , s and blue collar workers preferred chung , who also worked as unification minister , to other contenders in the pro government camp .
now at this point , microsoft is focused on its independent strategy , gates told reporters at a news conference in tokyo .
sporting hero park tae hwan , south korea s top swimmer won the meter freestyle title at the international swimming federation fina world championships yesterday in melbourne , australia .
under the scenario , journalists are supposed to leave ministry buildings shortly after news briefings by government officials .
seoul changed hands four times and was almost destroyed .
sleep driving made headlines last may when kennedy crashed his car into a security barrier outside the u . s . capitol after taking ambien and a second drug , phenergan , which also acts as a sedative .
former republican congressman , cabinet member and vice presidential candidate jack kemp has died of cancer at age .
the government cast aside pleas from the roman catholic church , which wants to keep restrictions in place .
fed chairman ben bernanke is expected to deliver the report with two days of testimony in mid july .
u . s . officials refer to the concept as cvid , for complete , verifiable and irreversible dismantling .
merckle s business empire included interests as diverse as cement maker heidelbergcement and generic drug maker ratiopharm .
no additional damage was reported .
and it finds most states aren t doing much to hold schools accountable .
the who said that , cases of cholera have been confirmed across the country , and that more than , people have been sickened by acute watery diarrhea .
with that last bit of fortuitous news , lehane pronounces himself almost embarrassed .
to be sure , japan still faces image problems , old and new .
a week has passed since kim gye gwan , the north s top diplomat to the denuclearization talks , returned to pyongyang with a promise to thoroughly review the request that he received from his u . s . counterpart christopher hill in beijing .
the sum of this knowledge had increased considerably by the middle ages .
many are worried about their jobs and wary of auto prices that have risen by percent a year since .
at no . was year old universal music group chairman ceo doug morris , whom the industry sees as a main influencer of digital music policy moves , including royalties and licensing .
a wave of arson and rioting left more than people dead , including a dozen children , in the western indian state of gujarat .
but marcia hoffman , an attorney for the foundation , says the searches go too far .
by deciphering this genome , we could , in theory , generate data that one day may help other researchers to bring the woolly mammoth back to life by inserting the uniquely mammoth dna sequences into the genome of the modern day elephant , schuster said .
the korea times reports two opposition parties yesterday told president roh moo hyun to stop his illegal pre election campaigning for the pro government uri party or face impeachment .
some of the biggest names in global finance say they have lost hundreds of millions of dollars in an alleged billion pyramid scheme that led to the arrest of a new york financier last week .
glaciers are shrinking at record rates and many could disappear within decades , the u . n . environment program said sunday .
ruic publicized the discovery in both an e mail to college staff and a newsletter to alumni , but no one came forward to claim it .
despite the situation created by the strike , the globes are still considered a key forecaster of the oscars .
south korean president roh moo hyun sunday said north korea detects a crisis because the united states thinks the kim jong il regime will collapse in the end , adding that such hopes are making the current nuclear negotiations difficult .
she is a tremendous ambassador for our game , and we will miss her this week , sorenstam said .
due in theaters july , the movie will not deal with aliens or the intricate mythology about interaction between humans and extraterrestrials that the show built up over the years , carter said .
he also warned lawmakers against relying heavily on a list of benchmarks to measure gains made in iraq .
authorities said thursday s explosion , which took place in the town of ajmer , was caused by a small bomb packed inside a tin lunch box that was detonated during evening muslim prayers .
the four boys , each accompanied by a relative , left afghanistan and arrived in the united arab emirates on friday , said megan colligan , executive vice president of marketing for paramount vantage , which is releasing the film .
the turkish government which so far has restrained itself from undertaking a full scale military operation amid diplomatic pressure wants iraq to handle the rebels inside iraqi territory and has been saying it can t wait indefinitely for iraq to do so .
the law required her to live on the land , but she allegedly never did so .
polygamy , a practice central to flds religious beliefs , is not an issue in the case because the three year marriage between the cousins was monogamous .
it s a prototype , years in the making , of a toy that incorporates brain wave reading technology .
obama told reporters , i have said repeatedly i have the utmost respect for sen . clinton and have considered her an ally in the senate and will continue to consider it that way throughout this campaign .
chavez and his defense minister , gustavo rangel briceno , rejected media reports that sectors of the military pressured chavez to accept the defeat of his proposals after delays in announcing the referendum results .
riot police lined up as night fell and a reasonably peaceful candlelight vigil was held in central athens .
only written it in a draft statement obtained by the associated press .
hwang was stripped of his national honors earlier this week , and his case is being investigated by prosecutors .
and whatever our views of its cause , we can agree that children at risk are not at fault .
lali is god s gift to us , said jaipal singh , a member of the local village council . she has brought fame to our village .
it s something pranav mehta has never had to live without .
meanwhile , a roadside bomb missed a u . s . convoy in eastern baghdad , killing a year old girl and wounding four other iraqis , police said .
counseling is being provided for the workers , it added .
the civil war , of course , put that opinion to the test .
six men have been arrested on charges of plotting to attack fort dix army base in the us state of new jersey .
creating aiko has cost le trung around , , with much of the money coming from credit cards and the sale of his car .
somali refugees pay as much as to cross the gulf of aden in search of asylum .
after nightfall , john paul went to his studio window above the piazza and lit a candle , a silent vigil for peace that has been a hallmark of his year papacy .
several military officials at the pentagon said they have seen nothing wednesday that would confirm the reports of turkish troops crossing the border into iraq .
a violent uprising last month in the tibetan capital , lhasa , quickly spilled over into neighbouring areas .
he used to say that he wants to be a help not only during his lifetime but also after his death .
opponents also accused japan of buying support from other nations in the iwc with aid .
the employment agreement reflects sharp realities in the labor market .
men and women , rich and poor , people of all races and creeds
chancellor alistair darling and the country s financial services authority tried to assure customers there was no doubt over northern rock s solvency .
in ohio , clinton and obama have been focusing largely on the economy and the north american free trade agreement , which many ohioans blame for the loss of manufacturing jobs .
a lab worker escorted each participant up the elevator of yale s psychology building and casually asked for help holding her cup of coffee
more than , workers plan to spend the next two weeks cleaning up an algal bloom that threatens olympic sailing events in the eastern chinese city of qingdao .
the dutch defense ministry summoned the u . s . ambassador for an explanation of a los angeles times article that said gates complained about soldiers from canada , britain and the netherlands not knowing how to fight a guerrilla insurgency .
once these conservatives unite , they can revise the constitution .
other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett
prime minister viktor yanukovych , a native of the mining region , visited the site about miles southeast of kiev , pledging to help victims families .
the macau government said it was aware of the treasury statement and it would work with all parties involved . simultaneously , it expects all parties concerned to come up with appropriate and responsible arrangements respectively , it said on its web site .
the president , whose security forces are often accused of colluding with militant elements in pakistan , defended his record on tackling terrorism but insisted he was not working for the west , despite close alliance with washington .
holders germany began the fifth women s world cup on monday with a stunning rout of argentina the biggest win in the tournament s history .
secretary of defense robert gates said thursday that the united states is ready , able and willing to send troops to pakistan if the government of the south asian nation is interested .
he and jolie rarely argue , he said .
as for unemployment , the labor department reports another , americans signed up for jobless benefits last week .
spanish media says the madrid train bombers had other deadly attacks planned .
kofi annan told a meeting of the security council in new york that he was deeply concerned about the situation in the country .
flight director holly ridings said tani has been coping extremely well , and that his work has not been affected .
as on most indian trains , the windows of many cars are barred for security reasons , sealing in many victims .
the mayor of mexico city is announcing another death from swine flu , but says the outbreak may be tapering off there
this is wonderful watching palestinian women enforcing law and order , said fuad murar , .
the tourists will begin viewing the mummy monday , hawass said .
the jamaican won last year s commonwealth title but only after risking disqualification by veering into a competitor s lane during the semifinals .
as a medium for playing movies , discs are smaller and easier to handle than tapes , and offer nearly instant access to material .
china has filed its own complaint over the antidumping duties the united states applies on chinese paper imports , the first case initiated by beijing against washington in five years .
torsak harnsanam , a police officer at suksumran police station in ranong province in southern thailand , said a village chief alerted police at p . m . a . m . et that he had found the truck .
since october , there have been a number of assassinations and attempted assassinations of anti syrian politicians , including the february assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , whose killing in beirut sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon .
president george w . bush on down went out of their way to highlight the incentives they are dangling from economic cooperation to a formal end to the korean war if pyongyang gives up its nuclear weapons programs .
although he was able to walk off the pitch he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital .
stallone and several people traveling with him were detained for several hours at sydney airport on friday as they arrived .
yoga hotel
he got rid of the protective detail that he traveled with , really just to change his signature .
but only three in voters there who said they voted for mccain characterized themselves as republicans , raising questions about whether he can capture the party s conservative base .
details of the visit , including protocol , will be discussed at working level meetings between the two sides , he said .
men have taken their share of revenge .
xinhua news agency said the construction would turn a rough , mile road stretching from the foot of the mountain to a base camp at , feet , into a paved highway fenced by undulating guardrails .
we also told them we are ready to increase all our outposts and checkpoints on the border and to establish such points where the pkk try to cross the borders .
the italian foreign ministry said on wednesday it was investigating a claim by an iraqi photographer who said militants showed him the body of a man together with an italian passport .
the motown legend on pbs talked about what obama s election means to black kids
zalmay khalilzad called on the military regime to begin talks with detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
but according to the ministry clauses released this week , subsidies will be provided only if the publishers meet conditions such as having editorial committees made up equally of members from labor and management .
the dialogue is going to see how , as kenyans , we can resolve the problems that have arisen from an electoral dispute , wetang ula said in an interview with cnn monday .
the u . s . military has decided to retain its th army headquarters on the peninsula even after south korea takes over wartime operational control of its armed forces from the united states , a seoul government source said yesterday .
that s important , because the place is owned by the same company that runs a georgia plant blamed for a nationwide outbreak of salmonella .
members of an australian tv comedy show , one of them dressed as osama bin laden , drove through two security checkpoints thursday before being stopped near the sydney hotel where u . s . president george w . bush is staying .
it has closed its main yongbyon reactor and last week committed to a timetable for disclosing and dismantling all its nuclear facilities by the end of the year .
we re getting this from senior administration officials now
he said the government should have reported the obtained uranium to the iaea either before or after the experiment but couldn t because it didn t become aware of the experiment until recently .
the speaker s election required a two thirds majority for the first two rounds and a simple majority in the voting reaches a third round , said analyst macharia munene , an international relations professor at nairobi s united states international university .
top seed maria sharapova won her first claycourt title by defeating dominika cibulkova in the final of the wta amelia island tournament on sunday .
militants and radical students holed up in the mosque two weeks ago after a battle with police .
last august , the first day of class was cut short at virginia tech by a manhunt for an escaped prisoner accused of killing a blacksburg hospital security guard and a sheriff s deputy .
add that up and you have more than . million jobs tied to the auto industry .
others are worried the rate cuts will cause a continued weakening in the value of the dollar and a further spike in commodity prices
police received a report about p . m . p . m . et that someone was shooting inside the year old first congregational church .
i am confident , that when it s all said and done , there will be a robust plan .
for better or worse , googling your date has become standard practice .
but last month , a court in
baghdad , iraq cnn the iraqi government said it will file criminal charges against employees of security firm blackwater usa who were involved a gun battle in baghdad in which civilians were killed , an iraqi interior ministry official said sunday .
in fact , everything in the room is made of lego a cash register , a monkey , a bowl of fruit , a vase of flowers .
oil markets remained jittery after prices briefly spiked up percent to above late on tuesday on rumors of a clash between u . s . or british forces and iran .
what if north korea doesn t show them to inspectors , if they say we ve stopped this and shut down that , what if they say you have to trust us ? said liu gongliang , a physicist at china s institute of applied physics and computational mathematics who has followed north korea s nuclear program for the chinese government .
belongings that are voluntarily surrendered become property of the federal government , which discards all food and liquids .
efforts had been underway to ease tensions between current leader lee myung bak and two time candidate lee hoi chang , who is being pushed by his supporters to run again , a move that would split the party .
he pulled out of the election , citing political violence and intimidation .
at that time , kim jong il promised to make a return visit to seoul , but he has yet to keep that promise .
concern about a chinese interest rate hike also pressured spot gold , which fell . , or . percent , to . .
the protests come as thailand grapples with its worst economic crisis in a decade .
the labor department reports the number of first timers filing unemployment claims bounced back above a half million to , , and the situation is not expected to get any better any time soon .
wolfowitz has agreed to step down next month after the bank determined that he violated rules when he approved a raise for his companion , shaha riza .
the odds are no better in tv production .
thailand s public health minister mongkol na songkhla said that of the survivors who remain hospitalized , were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to tna .
the statement concluded by saying murphy views this as a private matter , and as such , will not be making any further comments about it .
brothers meng xianchen and meng xianyou became trapped while working at an illegal mine in beijing s fangshan district late on saturday , aug . , the latest in a series of disasters to strike the world s deadliest coal mining industry .
president bush has responded affirmatively to a request from kosovo to establish diplomatic relations between our two countries .
one of the music players , made by evolution technologies inc .
militants from fatah al islam began shooting at the forces , who returned fire , triggering clashes in the vicinity of the nahr al bared palestinian refugee camp .
the economic toll has been estimated to cost the chinese economy . billion per year .
they have recommended a localized approach .
huntington books of its loans in off hours .
the opposition says its supporters are being attacked ahead of a possible run off claims denied by the government .
another bodies were pulled from the remnants of a hilly slum on land belonging to bangladesh railways in another part of the city , said nasir ahmed , a fire brigade officer .
his negotiating efforts have not yet resulted in a dialogue between the government and opposition .
police also say they believe the men identified as doctors khalid ahmed and bilal abdulla were behind two car bombing attempts in london a day earlier , the sources said .
the socialist party s parliamentary leader alberto martins said he was starting work on new legislation immediately with prime minister jose socrates , the party leader .
an army statement on friday accused the government of tolerating radical islam and vowed to defend secularism .
life under the military junta in myanmar can be brutal .
camels are big business in the desert kingdom and are traded by bedouin tribes for thousands of dollars each .
on tuesday , the hong kong economic journal reported that lenovo and taiwan s acer had vied for packard bell , which hui bought from nec in october of . lenovo denied acer was involved .
mccartney , who has spent the last week in court trying to settle his acrimonious divorce from heather mills , closed the show with a crowd pleasing medley of hits , including hey jude and live and let die a song he co wrote with his deceased first wife linda .
the government s planned overhaul of the property tax scheme threatens to aggravate an already troubled real estate market and the reeling construction industry , analysts said .
israeli television reported bush will stop in israel a significant event because it would be bush s first visit as president , although he did go as governor of texas .
sacred defense is a local reference to the iran iraq war of the s .
while an order giving federline custody of year old sean preston and year old jayden james remains in place , attorney mark vincent kaplan said spears time with the children will gradually be extended .
other doctors say she might have survived the trauma with prompt medical attention .
i lived with even an elementary classmate of mine .
more than of university students have experience of sex .
the fire destroyed an area called new york street , which includes movie set style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of new york city .
the report also criticized western companies for cooperating in cyber repression , citing the case of u . s . company yahoo !
her husband , shaul bakhash , said she had been questioned for weeks before her arrest .
the media blitz started late thursday , when the paparazzi turned out at los angeles international airport for the beckham family s arrival .
according to schneider , the main reason giuliani does better than thompson in head to head matchups is that he s better known .
it marked the second deadly attack on pilgrims sunday , the official said .
flights from phuket international airport were canceled after the crash , affecting four flights to bangkok and hong kong and about , passengers , according to thai news agency .
security guards stopped the man and escorted him away after alarms sounded , museum spokeswoman hannah boulton said .
fans stake out spots in front of stages or under shade trees at the fair grounds race track , chowing down on boiled crawfish , po boys , fried chicken and even sushi .
obama s hoping when all is said and done , the plan can win bipartisan support .
nashville , tennessee , guitar maker gibson and tronical said powertune is the world s first self tuning technology , and gibson says it is particularly useful for beginners , who tend to find tuning a headache .
his wife , anne , is believed to be in the united states after leaving panama on a flight late thursday , a panamanian immigration representative told cnn .
.
instead , people will have to check the state department web site to see how fast expedited is .
if the sounds aren t enough , wildlife officials will try a different tactic lining the channel with more boats to herd the whales in the right direction , said frances gulland , director of veterinary science at the sausalito based marine mammal center .
our country will never return to the talks under u . s . sanctions , kim yong nam , president of the presidium of the supreme people s assembly , told the nonaligned movement summit in havana on saturday .
rudd promised to name his new cabinet by the end of the week , with one of his key appointments expected to be julia gillard as deputy prime minister .
obama also finished first in the texas democratic caucuses .
minneapolis , minnesota cnn the search for bodies in the mississippi river was painstakingly slow as divers navigated debris and coped with low visibility after wednesday s deadly bridge collapse , officials said .
north korea said yesterday that the united states has agreed to take it off the list of state sponsors of terrorism and remove some trade sanctions if the communist country discloses and disables all of its nuclear programs by the end of this year .
it is still too early to consider grayken s criminal punishment .
the military alliance between south korea and the united states has shown signs of friction in recent months , affected by a series of developments between the two allies .
the last king of scotland premiered in uganda last week and goes into general release in the country friday .
in one of the most unusual moments in korean baseball history , lee , , now a coach for the first place sk wyverns , stepped out of the dugout after the fifth inning stripped down to his under shorts attached with fake buttocks , socks and cleats and jogged toward the outfield followed by members of the team s official fan club .
the ship and its passengers is continuing its planned voyage .
five unconfirmed deaths were reported in neighboring papua new guinea . among the dead were a bishop and three worshippers at a church on simbo island , the uniting chursh said .
howard said immigration was out of control and said the issue should not be swept under the carpet .
hill said the declaration will also include uranium enrichment programs , which the united states fears could be used to make nuclear weapons .
everyone on board is believed to have exited the airbus a , the federal aviation administration said .
and one geneva county sheriff s deputy is talking about his loss
but after visiting the famed historic port , you might wonder why the explorer ever left .
ryo saito of bs , the cable channel that runs the d shows , says more content is needed for the technology to catch on , and other manufacturers need to start making d televisions .
kumar was on the run for two weeks before being captured in neighboring nepal .
nancy peterson , feral cat program manager for the humane society , urges vets to educate cat owners about destructive scratching .
koreans liked the zip of garlic , so it was easy to adapt to the new , spicy seasoning .
the six victims , who were taken to a hospital , have not been identified publicly .
it s the same war that we initiated after as a consequence of those attacks on , americans who were just going about their daily round .
it s alarming to see what just a one meter rise could mean . while the sea level rise doesn t sound like a huge amount
countless small , often illegally run operations exist across china and make money cutting corners by using inexpensive ingredients or unsavory substitutes .
launch , military radar detected an object moving rapidly away from the shuttle .
when the top companies are giving the kind of guidance they re giving and announcing layoffs , that tells you we are looking at at least a few more quarters of this recession , said john wilson , chief technical strategist at morgan keegan .
last month , cagliari sacked giampaolo again and rehired sonetti who had also coached the club previously .
that always happens , the exiled spiritual leader of tibet s buddhists said with a laugh , speaking to reporters gathered outside his downtown washington hotel .
both sides would toast each other for peace and cooperation on the korean peninsula .
and she told cbs face the nation that the election ultimately is not about the candidates , but about what we re going to do as a country and the lives of the people watching us .
a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of . struck japan s northern island of hokkaido .
i worked years , and now i m retired , and they took all my money , he said .
the israel defense forces had no comment on the report , and have refused to comment further on the new revelations .
and manchester united won t be taking them lightly either .
gonzales was also questioned on the white house s use of wire tapping for terrorism surveillance , which critics have said is illegal .
a procedural roadblock in the us senate has ended the legislative journey of a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage .
the first plane load of supplies was due to arrive tuesday , a thai spokesman said .
sydney , australia cnn newly elected australian leader kevin rudd renewed a commitment monday to apologize to indigenous aborigines for past indignities .
a check of employment web sites found about , listings for marketing jobs in southern california .
the resolution urges the administration not to lift the designation until it can be demonstrated that north korea is no longer engaged in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and no longer counterfeiting american currency .
in addition , visitors to asia should talk to their doctors about vaccine protection against typhoid and japanese encephalitis .
michael jackson s publicist wants you to know that , despite a tabloid report to the contrary , the year old singer is in fine health .
last week , pakistani ambassador murad ali sent a letter to justice minister chung soung jin , urging the seoul government to allow qualified pakistanis the english teaching visa .
iran s main partner in its effort to develop nuclear power urged tehran to continue co operating with the un nuclear watchdog , the iaea .
carbot figures the frog lived million years ago , based on the geological strata where the amber was found .
it s being dealt with and no other country should interfere in china s independent judicial system , opium growing in southeast asia s infamous golden triangle area has increased sharply as the price of the drug has doubled because of falling production in afghanistan .
her son was diagnosed with cholera as well , the ministry said .
plasma display panels are the principal component in flat screen television , one of the fastest growing segments of the television market .
since operations began at the terminal , hundreds of flights have been canceled , a backlog of thousands of bags remains and passengers have been forced to spend the night in the gleaming new building .
the vatican also said it was suspending all financial aid to amnesty over what it said was the group s recent change of policy on the issue .
many teams are looking for planets circling other stars . they are especially looking for those similar to our own , planets that could support life .
the scene of the attack in the province of baghlan was left littered with bodies and splattered with blood in one of the worst attacks in recent times .
the korea medical association said about , members in the two cities participated in the three hour rally outside the government complex in gwacheon demanding the government scrap the revision .
the border conflict has wider implications for the middle east and asia , with the united states concerned that prolonged cross border fighting would serve to destabilize the region , where kurdish separatists pose challenges to power in iran and syria , as well as turkey raquo
they removed an ear bone , the otolith , which contains growth rings similar to rings in the trunks of trees .
in the aftermath of a deadly terrorist attack in the kurdish city of irbil in northern iraq , which killed at least and left hundreds injured , south korean forces stationed in the area raised their alert status , the south korean joint chiefs of staff said yesterday .
mccain , with dwindling competition from the only other major republican candidate , former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , took the day off .
the agreement to restart the inter korean talks comes after the nuclear pact , reached on tuesday among the two koreas , china , japan , russia and the united states .
the meeting ended three hours later , and olmert s convoy left jericho .
going to the olympic games and having the opportunities to compete in front of a home crowd in sydney and being part of such a wonderful team and continuing to be a part of a wonderful team in beijing this year have been the highlights , he said .
britain denied that the award was intended to insult islam .
wu dawei , china s top envoy to the six party talks , will visit seoul for talks with his south korean counterpart chun yung woo on north korea s nuclear weapons programs , a chong wa dae official said on sunday .
i think we will find that bones will heal much better , says dr .
more than two feet has fallen in other parts of washington state , and portland , oregon , is getting pounded as well .
it was not until that scientists discovered nine year old jinzhu s ovaries were positioned in the wrong place , and gave her a two hour operation to make her a normal girl , xinhua said .
the survey of european companies found the majority are skeptical about the government s ability and willingness to implement wto regulations , said a report by the european chamber .
his new government will be italy s nd since world war ii .
scientists have just released images of the brightest stellar explosion recorded .
we had a wonderful rendezvous today , it was extremely smooth ?
the asia pacific nations , where more than half of all programs in use last year were stolen , are increasingly accounting for worldwide piracy .
the clashes began when the u . n . and nato forces tried to remove about serbian demonstrators who had taken over a u . n . building in north mitrovica a divided kosovo town where ethnic serbs control the northern half and ethnic albanians control the southern half .
in nebraska , the most snow reported was inches , five miles north of harrisburg in banner county .
former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries .
business is being lined up in plus countries , it says , and the service works equally well in tokyo or small town india .
south korea s consumer sentiment plunged in the fourth quarter as koreans became more pessimistic about their living conditions and the economy , a central bank survey showed on monday .
instead students will be tested throughout their school years on their language ability .
studies show that women who walked and took calcium decreased their risk of developing osteoporosis or thinning of the bones .
local tv footage showed police swinging truncheons to beat back crowds of tourists , some of them elderly .
president nixon s disapproval rating in august stood at percent
that was probably the key to my win today , said murray , who will be the first briton in the open era since fred perry in to finish the year at no .
rajesh chharia , president of india s internet service providers association , explained that some firms were trying to reroute via pacific cables and that companies serving the eastern us and the uk were worst affected .
ronaldo added a spectacular second just three minutes later with an unstoppable free kick over a static portsmouth wall that left james no chance .
at the age of just , kim is the youngest player in the top , and ended the year ranked an impressive th in the world .
gusmao was chosen as the new premier to end weeks of deadlock , after no single party won a majority in june s parliamentary elections .
landed it in one piece after losing both engines to bird strikes .
it s been a long time coming , said limone , who served years in prison before he was freed in . what i ve been through i hope it never happens to anyone else .
brancato , , was also acquitted of two counts of burglary , but could face three to years in prison on the attempted burglary charge .
time to dream of mom s pumpkin pie and tear out your hair .
until wednesday , the heavy fighting had remained focused in the western coastal town of mannar and the northeastern coastal area of weli oya .
russia s lower house of parliament confirmed former president vladimir putin as prime minister thursday , beginning a new era in russian politics a day after his chosen successor took over the top role .
they said they would create a new party with reform oriented political forces free from ideological disputes ahead of the dec .
the overly confident samantha ?
general assembly on monday delayed a vote on a resolution urging compliance with a world court ruling that israel s security barrier in the west bank was illegal and should be torn down .
cabrera , whose one stroke victory over americans tiger woods and jim furyk landed him the top prize of . million , quadrupled his earnings for the year to , , euros . million .
elbaradei , whose inspectors were expelled more than four years ago as the north korean nuclear crisis escalated , said he hoped to focus on how to bring . . . north korea closer to the agency as well as working on implementing all of last month s agreement .
they accuse the government of turning a blind eye to the situation .
the discovery of millions of extra ballots proves that president robert mugabe intends to rig next week s elections in his favor , zimbabwe s main opposition party said sunday .
but the conditions were dismissed by pakistani government ministers .
richard griffiths , who portrays harry s mean uncle vernon in the potter movies , reprises his london role as the psychiatrist who treats the stable boy , who has blinded six horses .
amid soaring crude oil prices , the refineries increased consumer prices , thus expanding sales margins .
would hillary clinton visit north korea ?
what is serious is saddam hussein s continued defiance of the united nations security council . and on the very day that hans blix said there can be no negotiations over the destruction of his al samoud missiles , saddam hussein again refuses to even acknowledge that the missiles are in violation of the u . n . resolutions , said mcclellan .
unveiling the sites to replace seoul , the presidential committee on administrative capital relocation , an advisory body to president roh , named eumseong jincheon towns in north chungcheong province and three locales in south chungcheong province the city of cheonan and districts of yeongi gongju and gongju nonsan .
a nasa spacecraft circled the earth on monday at the start of a project to study the edges of the solar system .
the bbc reports one of the most eminent us cultural institutions , the new york philharmonic orchestra , has performed a landmark concert in communist north korea .
the u . n . security council unanimously condemned the zimbabwean government monday for its campaign of violence and intimidation but stopped short of calling for a postponement of the runoff or for a new election . tsvangirai , however , was clear .
brothers jay and robert pritzker acquired marmon in when it was a small manufacturing operation in ohio , according to the release .
seoul , south korea cnn north korea expressed gratitude to the united states thursday for helping one of its ships repel pirates , the latest sign of improving relations between the longtime foes as the north scales back its nuclear program .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
david albright , a former u . n . nuclear inspector , said in an interview tuesday that north korean officials told him they also wanted the lifting of u . s . financial restrictions imposed for alleged north korean counterfeiting of u . s . currency and money laundering that
relations between the two countries further soured after the north tested a nuclear weapon in october .
representatives of the most honored or most powerful afghan families choose the people who elect loya jirga members .
yash told cnn that the militants are members of lashkar e tayyiba army of the pure .
the guests were circling the world s largest fish tank through the aquarium s swim with gentle giants program , which plucks six snorkelers and six divers into the . million gallon fish tank each day .
but this year is different .
but , as an american studying abroad at moscow state university , i sometimes felt perplexed in this immense modern metropolis that still makes certain familiar conveniences inconvenient .
we had a prosecutor who was faced with a very unusual situation in which the confluence of his self interest collided with a very volatile mix of race , sex and class .
two other children were able to escape without injury .
the reason is they wanted to salute japanese astronaut koichi wakata , who becomes a member of the international space station crew when the two spacecraft dock .
virginia tech police chief wendell flinchum said ballistics tests show that one of the two guns recovered at norris hall was used at the dorm .
she won re election in and , but was forced to resign three years later during an internal leadership struggle after she introduced a poll tax levied on community residents rather than property .
he made the rare revelation about his closely guarded family life during a public speech at a student graduation ceremony .
danish police confirmed that numerous text messages have been sent with his name and address .
in december , beekeepers associations , scientists and officials formed the ccd working group , in hopes of identifying the cause and solving the problem of ccd .
even though the president says the president elect has not yet asked for that money , the senate banking committee chairman says he expects congress will dole out the final billions to bail out banks .
he said he was unable to conclude that tina s death was an accidental drowning .
president george w . bush in washington on thursday committed themselves to six party talks aimed at defusing the north korean nuclear crisis , and called on the north to return to dialogue .
one of only such odd days this century
the senator from new york turned her attention to the upcoming contests in west virginia , kentucky and oregon .
but clooney insisted on paying , sending someone over with a bill .
the fire was quickly put out .
police believe the gunman , who appeared to be in his s or s , initially began shooting at the sheriff s dispatch center from a parking lot near the moscow courthouse , shortly before p . m . saturday a . m . et .
the sophistication of the attack , in which english speaking guerrillas in american style uniforms drove sport utility vehicles past checkpoints to attack a government compound , was beyond what insurgents in iraq have shown they are capable of , u . s . officials said .
the statement also said her government would pass a resolution wednesday that will oblige naftogaz to pay the past due gas bills .
honolulu right behind it . .
the typhoon was packing kph mph , ap reported .
the cia reached the same conclusion . but two nationwide polls conducted this year found that a majority of pakistanis believe musharraf s government was complicit in bhutto s assassination .
if you learn to work well in and lead a group that includes , say , ethnic minorities and handicapped workers , you may convince your superiors that you are one of the select few who can function brilliantly in a global marketplace that is ever more inclusive and complicated .
like threads twisted together to form a rope , the possible flight paths formed tubes in space , jpl said in a statement .
he still faces trial in arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy .
in addition to the five ships that sank , many others were grounded , russia today reported .
a witness said a blast shook the neighborhood .
a big jump in the number of people looking for jobs
a white house briefing has been set up for this afternoon .
patel is years old , a muscular feet , inches tall and right handed .
but toasts for the happy couple are the most frequent requests .
israel has launched night air strikes on bridges and roads in southern lebanon , as the search goes on for two soldiers seized by hezbollah militants .
carter , who also directs the new movie , said it takes place in the present and uses a story envisioned when the series ended .
when you re going through difficult times , it is still very important to market and showcase your business , fiona jeffery , chairman of the world travel market , told cnn .
those countries have said that until the russian gas supply resumes , they will increase their gas imports from other suppliers or rely on other energy sources .
hadley said the intelligence community came to the new conclusions on tuesday , based on information gathered over the past few months , and president bush was briefed about them on wednesday .
there is no talk whatsoever of any sort of storming the site , he said .
on tuesday , blagojevich , a democrat , named former illinois attorney general roland burris to serve the last two years on obama s senate term .
didier has , arguably , been chelsea s best and most consistent performer this season no mean achievement when he is playing alongside so many top class players at stamford bridge , said taylor .
sandy kozel , the associated press .
all eight would also face kidnapping and conspiracy charges , a spokesman told reporters at the california camp where the defendants were being held .
rejecting criticism that he has been relatively quiet on the violence in gaza , obama said he believes the one area where the principle of one president at a time has to hold is when it comes to foreign policy .
urg had completed their transportation mission of rti personnel and were returning to their base of operations at the time of the incident , he said .
in the interview , dadullah restated earlier claims that he communicates with bin laden on a regular basis and works directly with al qaeda in the field .
charisma matters more or less , depending on the business .
many computer users take their old machine straight to the scrapheap because they do not know it could have an afterlife .
the boy s mother , veronique robert , was visibly upset after the sentence was read and promised to appeal .
i found excuses to explore newer , wilder wine country .
at his home in northern mexico , where he can still do little more than sit up on a bed , uribe said that more than two years of steady dieting have helped him drop about pounds from his guinness record weight of , pounds .
the telephone call came minutes after visiting venezuelan president hugo chavez aired a new videotape of their weekend meeting in which he sang revolutionary hymns to castro and called him father of all revolutionaries .
the blaze was about percent contained after destroying structures .
wayne bent , who also goes by the name michael travesser , was arrested at the compound that is home to his lord our righteousness church , called strong city by members .
three missionaries were killed instantly and a fourth died while being airlifted to a military hospital .
the memo obtained by the house oversight and government reform committee says walter reed operations and patient care services are at risk of mission failure .
kathmandu , nepal cnn nepal s newly elected leadership changed the country from a monarchy to a republic just before midnight wednesday , a historic move that ended more than years of autocratic rule in the country .
the statement added , the presence of media photographers and other uninvolved individuals in areas of warfare is extremely dangerous and poses a threat to their lives .
the rain forest deserves , yes , our protection , benedict said , but mankind does not deserve it less as a creature .
admitting another mistake , bush said that he should have pursued a comprehensive immigration overhaul after the election , instead of social security reform .
and lately , adapting the book into a screenplay for the film , what just happened , starring another hollywood veteran , robert de niro .
with the exception of foreign minister ban ki moon who is leaving for the post of secretary general at the united nations , the resignations are said to be closely tied to north korea s oct .
with mammoth hairs , scientists were able to avoid the bacterial and viral contamination they had encountered using bone tissue .
video smuggled out of the secretive country has shown unarmed protesters being beaten by government security forces , and one man a japanese journalist shot and killed at close range .
obama will also pick up a win in oregon , cnn projects , giving him the larger share of the state s delegates .
on april , australia s foreign minister alexander downer said he believes the north korean statement was a mistranslation .
thirty three people had managed to escape the state owned mine , operated by zhijian mining , xinhua news agency said .
rumors have swirled that foster would replace patton as usher s manager , but the singer said
astronomers aren t able to see planets directly with telescopes because light from the stars they orbit is too bright .
federal investigators had bugged the vehicle carrying the suspects during the traffic stop and could hear one of the police officers loudly exclaim that the men were on a federal watch list , the source said .
they engaged in scuffles with some ruling lawmakers and traded barbs with the assembly speaker .
the poll also shows of those surveyed approve of president obama s job performance , and among the right direction people , , not surprisingly , are democrats , independents , republicans .
the korea herald reports the agreement , the second of its kind for korea , should give korean companies greater access to singapore s construction market and government procurement contracts .
at the time , the seoul western district court struck down the request , saying she is not a flight risk .
meanwhile , two goals by skipper stanislav vlcek gave slavia prague a shock win over ajax for a aggregate victory .
bush and koizumi played up their friendship , and koizumi was treated to a presidential tour of elvis presley s graceland home .
the player s team mates went directly to the stadium from the airport after returning from athens where their champions league match against aek had been postponed because of his death .
bangkok , thailand cnn deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is expected to return to thailand on thursday after months in exile , a pro thaksin web site said .
in australia , two children in new south wales and one child in queensland have been hospitalized in the past two weeks after swallowing the beads .
the lebanese army said they had killed a number of militants in the renewed clashes , but were unsure how many remained holed up inside .
authorities did not identify the year old sitter , who is a relative of jenna and lived in the house in this rural pennsylvania town , miles south of erie .
other blue chip banking stocks were also down , with alliance leicester falling percent and halifax bank of scotland slipping almost percent .
all this as new home sales tumbled in august to the slowest pace in years , and while the average price fell with the biggest drop on record .
the department of health said visual warnings may be more effective than written ones .
they said that we don t understand the question
andrew card , the white house chief of staff , publicly announced the test , saying it was not surprising .
vershbow was in the u . s . making an annual tour of major cities with his south korean counterpart , amb . lee tae sik , in an effort to muster public support for the bilateral alliance and the fta .
peak beach season is december february summer in the southern hemisphere .
he said winehouse s medication made her ill and her doctors asked her to come in so they could investigate .
house of representatives voted on thursday to outlaw harsh interrogation methods , such as simulated drowning , that the cia has used against suspected terrorists .
there were suspected suicides in january that s six times as many as in january , , and more than all combat deaths in iraq and afghanistan last month .
about said it would get worse , and said it will stay the same .
asian champions gamba started brightly , but were undone when vidic was left unmarked at the far post to head home a ryan giggs corner .
other states have sold desks , police cruisers , and armored personnel carriers .
christodoulos was the spiritual leader of roughly million greek orthodox christians worldwide , including about million in greece .
gottlieb argued during the trial that braunstein was so mentally ill that he was incapable of forming the intent to commit the crime and therefore should not be held criminally responsible .
for three centuries they were persecuted , then a terrible famine .
train riders love the trip route , which winds through the rockies and climbs to , feet .
all of a sudden there was a loud bang . i thought it was a bomb , said surinder purewal , who works in the metropolitan police authority building opposite the structure . i saw the whole building come down , there was a lot of dust .
gen . than shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime , bush said . they should step aside to make way for a unified burma myanmar governed by legitimate leaders .
but i must admit i was a little nervous when entering pyongyang .
the militants had surveilled the area , set up a safehouse and were awaiting word from their superiors , he said .
or as her colleague , dr . helen fisher put it when you fall in love , exactly the same system becomes active as when you take cocaine .
i was in the denver airport on christmas day and wondered if my insurance would cover a rental car .
the nomination could hinge on two major matters
in a dismissal of both the neo liberalist and leftist labels attached to his administration , roh argued that such theoretical categorization does not help the nation tackle a number of problems in the era of globalization .
britain s david millar gave the home crowd some cheer by getting away in an early breakaway and claiming enough points on the scoring climbs to take the polka dot jersey of the king of the mountains leader .
that was the deal , and there was nothing implicit about it .
speaking about iran and syria , rice told the senate appropriations committee , we hope these governments seize this opportunity to improve their relations with iraq and to work for peace and stability in the region .
earlier , foreign minister abdullah gul , the ruling islamist party s presidential candidate , said he would not withdraw his candidacy despite tuesday s setback from the constitutional court , a strongly secular body , and urged parliamentary elections as soon as possible .
the phillies have the lead as they face the brewers tonight in milwaukee .
the wireless internet will come as a dealer installed option and will work over cellular telephone links .
washington is one of states with laws defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman .
i must say we will not apologize even if there s a resolution , abe told lawmakers in a lengthy debate , during which he also said he stood by japan s landmark apology on the brothels .
the dow is now up points .
the hospital issued an urgent appeal for blood donations .
the minister cannot change what the court set by having another person to do the assessment , the court will not listen to anyone else apart from the one it appointed , he said .
internet company yahoo said it will cut its workforce by percent following net income decline of percent , while pharmaceuticals company merck said it will lose percent of its staff .
initiated by the bank of korea , the issue of a new currency has emerged as a major agenda item among academics and politicians .
but a document on a trial run , submitted to representative cho gyeong tae of the governing uri party by the korean national railroad , exposed major problems in the train s core components , and in parts that affect its ability to accelerate and decelerate .
but cmdr bainimarama said the security situation remained unchanged for the fijian people , as the measures were aimed only at qarase and his political allies .
henry saw his th minute header well saved and minutes later the frenchman watched on in agony as his fierce shot rebounded off the post .
analysts say the move shows the north koreans are serious about a pledge to shut down and seal the reactor .
we have to keep talking , maradona told reporters . there are some things to resolve .
nearly half of korean university students believe that the united states maintains the most hostile attitude toward the possible reunification of south and north korea , an opinion poll showed on wednesday .
syria s official news agency sana said rice and moallem discussed the situation in iraq and the need to achieve security and stability in that country and the need to develop u . s . syrian ties in a way that serves the achievement of peace , security and stability in the region .
stingray city , grand cayman
more than half of men and a quarter of women said they had masturbated during the previous year , a figure that remained constant whether they were sexually active or not .
what happens to the clubs then ?
civic elections might seem like small beer , but the persecution that compelled milk to run for office is no trivial matter .
to further encourage local tribesmen to turn against al qaeda , the u . s . military pays local sheiks to provide security in their area they receive up to per man . it s a controversial policy , but one that has helped the u . s . military identify and stop insurgents , kershaw said .
the hybrid s co figure is g km .
the bangkok airports have been closed for two days , leaving the city without any access to air traffic , stranding thousands of passengers and dealing a severe blow to the economy at the height of the tourist season .
the patent holder included
neither he nor his lawyer have commented on the charges .
two european engineers were shot to death in a drive by attack tuesday , the latest killings in a rash of ambushes against foreign civilians in iraq .
onodera said someone on the activist boat , the steve irwin , threw bags of butyric acid aboard the japanese vessel the nisshin maru .
before departing kingston for montego bay on thursday , all members of the pakistani contingent players , managers and trainers gave statements to police and were fingerprinted .
the interior ministry has activated the maximum alert to fully guarantee security for citizens during the campaign process that concludes with the elections on march , an interior ministry statement said .
assistant district attorney jason samuels recommended three years behind bars for the theft charge and one year for the drug charge , to be served concurrently .
in fact , there is only one person in this saga that deserves an apology and that s princess masako , he added .
he s now out on , bail .
after tuesday s rate cut , the dow jones industrial average posted its biggest one day point gain in nearly five years a surge of . points .
president bush said thursday he s optimistic compromise will be reached with congress on an iraq spending bill . i think we ll get a deal .
they shouted in demonstrations
a senate committee vote on john bolton to the next u . s . ambassador to the un has been delayed again .
a gunman fired into a crowd of people at a los angeles bus stop wednesday , wounding seven , including children , authorities said .
it is just amazing how this fire selects whatever it wants and burns whatever it wants , he told cnn .
hu planned to travel on monday to namibia his fifth stop on an eight nation african tour intended to increase chinese investment in the continent , which is rich in natural resources although it suffers from widespread poverty .
the monks protest came as they toured the jokhang temple one of tibet s holiest shrines .
in the adjoining kennel eight boxer cross puppies have been similarly abandoned .
albergo del sole al biscione
mccain , romney and the three other candidates engaged in a civil debate in florida thursday night .
it was right there in black and white .
he s the being who replaces jesus on earth .
the human lie detector , sebastian black , describes himself as a mind reader and a psychic hypnotist .
korea s exports climbed straight in november .
helicopters , boats and fire trucks have joined in a dramatic water rescue right outside washington , d . c .
it has a history of violence between the majority sunni and minority shiite muslims .
global teamwork needed to fight crunch
putin was speaking thursday amid a mounting diplomatic row over moscow s refusal to hand over a suspect in the poisoning death of an ex kgb spy .
a succession of efforts to overhaul the service has since failed due to conflicting interests of different medical sectors .
he said the state veterinarian and other agencies were consulted , and that to animals were killed .
but obama still leads clinton in states won , pledged delegates to the democratic convention and the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses held so far this campaign season .
cnn s alessio vinci says people entering the square are screened with metal detectors .
nasa is set to launch a robotic spacecraft next month that will dig into the soil near the northern pole of mars to check for conditions favorable to microbial life now or in the planet s past .
also incoming foreign tourists have found that it is more costly to travel to and in the country than other asian nations , which negatively affects the local tourism industry .
hundreds of veterans from other wars watched on as the solemn ceremony progressed .
officials say the tanker , carrying hydrochloric acid , overturned on a highway at the edge of wind gap , pennsylvania .
odinga will likely be sworn in within days .
small draws in weekly u . s . product and crude stocks were overshadowed by fears surrounding the world s fourth largest oil exporter , which has been holding british sailors and marines since friday and was hit with new u . n . sanctions at the weekend .
it was worse right after the twins were born .
then he attended a dinner hosted by browne and joined by their counterparts from the other nato allies with troops in southern afghanistan the netherlands , canada , australian , romania , denmark and estonia .
stern vowed that the league would give its full cooperation and conduct an exhaustive review of its security practices .
the messenger spacecraft , launched in , buzzed miles km above mercury s surface monday at almost , mph .
seventeen ministerial posts are empty or filled by members boycotting cabinet meetings amid protests at maliki s faltering government .
some couples write their names or a message on the lock .
in the s , some of pakistan s nuclear labs were controlled by abdul qadeer khan considered responsible for leaking technology to libya , north korea and iran .
whether it s his hair , good looks , acting chops or a combination thereof , hamm s star is on the rise in hollywood .
he went before a judge wednesday for a preliminary hearing .
the labor department says consumer prices fell by ths of a percent last month , and rose by just a tenth of a point for all of last year .
harald zur hausen of germany was cited for his discovery of human papilloma viruses causing cervical cancer in women .
in the voting at the nd general assembly of the paris based bureau of international expositions bie , which selects the host city for the internationally recognized event , the southern coastal city obtained a majority with votes .
the american author of best selling book that attacks barack obama s being unfit to be president is being deported from kenya .
ex it would be in your interests to accept .
seoul has said it could resume the food aid it suspended after the missile tests if it saw progress in the six way talks on ending pyongyang s pursuit of atomic weapons .
australia , one of few close u . s . allies with any ties with north korea , said this week it will send diplomats to pyongyang soon to start thawing relations that were frozen in .
information and communication minister chin dae je urged lg , the country s second largest conglomerate , and hanaro to settle the dispute on their own .
washington cnn top bush administration officials are shifting into damage control mode after a house committee narrowly approved a resolution that labels the killings of armenians in turkey during world war i as genocide .
it adds that the curriculum is problem based and infused with technology .
the grim discoveries bring to eleven the number of people known dead in the accident .
the ministry confirmed a report that the nine refugees were repatriated to the north in october , right after being arrested by chinese police at a private home in shenyang , northeastern china .
measured by income , however , wealthy americans are still the most likely to cyber shop .
crocker said the iranians did not respond directly on monday to the u . s . allegations .
it is the first time that she has been called in by prosecutors .
news of al sadr s impending directive came as smith expressed concern that shiite militants from the iranian backed special groups had staged deadly attacks in baghdad this week .
suffolk , virginia cnn virginians faced a massive cleanup project tuesday after at least three tornadoes damaged dozens of homes and injured more than people .
robbers posed as flower deliverymen to get into an year old woman s apartment and steal at least , in savings her husband kept in cash , the victims and police said .
but some aborigines say it should have been accompanied with compensation for their suffering .
that shift in production has led to the cuts at home for the munich based luxury car maker .
reiss made pointed reference to north korea s failure to respond to a series of initiatives undertaken by the south korean government , which has sought to encourage more moderate behavior from pyeongyang .
when video footage of popular actresses and singers having sex with their boyfriends turned up on the internet in recent years , they were expelled from public life , with tv stations scrambling to cancel their appearances .
experts warn the brewing crisis could undermine the success of india s hugely profitable outsourcing industry that earns billions in dollars annually and has shaped much of the country s transformation into an emerging economic power .
most of the victims of sunday s four blasts were policemen three from an elite commando unit .
some reports suggested all passengers and crew had made it off the airliner , but one report suggested four people might still be trapped on board , a naha city fire official said .
this drawdown in australian forces reflects the improved security situation , rudd said .
finding a mutually acceptable way of defusing the north korean nuclear crisis will be the key topic of the may white house summit between u . s .
a gas explosion in an inner mongolian mine that was operating illegally killed seven people on saturday , as officials began handing compensation to families of miners trapped
it came at a time of fewer flights , higher ticket prices , new fees and fewer passengers .
papa had its inaugural assembly .
but a woman who is not the primary wage earner has the option of staying home , says one .
general musharraf imposed emergency rule two weeks ago following growing opposition and unrest .
we don t use high temperatures or high pressures , which is a huge advantage in terms of scaling the project up , mcleish said .
you know , it s really interesting .
she is taking a leave of absence from the department .
it was not known whether the north korean delegation would include comfort women .
obama s campaign blamed the loophole on former sen . phil gramm , a texas republican who serves as republican candidate sen . john mccain s co chairman and economic adviser .
cho railed against the wealthy and other unnamed enemies in the angry messages .
the charge is murder against an army sergeant in custody following a deadly shooting at a military counseling center in iraq .
still , observers say what would shock the french is not a divorce , but the image of a president lacking control of his personal life .
after all , it is your money as a taxpayer .
puerta collapsed after jogging back towards his own goal minutes into the game against getafe at the sanchez pizjuan on saturday night .
the company was incorporated in bermuda , according to gome s web site .
police in japan arrested a man who ran an internet suicide site for allegedly killing a woman who paid him to do so , an official said thursday .
iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , namely energy for power lines , and in the past has described interactions with the iaea as positive .
a limited number of of bit desktop pcs also are expected to ship in , following the delivery of intel s bit itanium processor .
they are also still in with a chance of winning the league and the king s cup .
a lot of anxiety among the breadwinner or the person that s watching their money go down .
election officials in texas have resumed counting votes from tuesday s caucuses after overwhelming turnout pushed the caucuses later than expected .
no recall was announced at that time , but wal mart said in a statement tuesday that customers who bought one of the products should return it to the nearest store for a refund .
shim was one of korean christian korean aid workers of them women seized on july .
a u . s . treasury department delegation worked monday to resolve sanctions against a macau bank accused of helping north korea launder money a key condition in the north s agreement to give up its nuclear weapons program .
many captives were taken to hospital suffering from the effects of the chemical .
the announcement came several hours after the army reported they may have been kidnapped by local militants with suspected ties to the taliban .
roh is expected to be the fourth head of state to renounce his membership in the governing party like his predecessors roh tae woo , kim young sam and kim dae jung .
the freezer was in the cellar of a house in the city of wenden , and the babies appeared to have died shortly after birth , police said .
the legislation calls for the pentagon to begin withdrawing combat troops within four months .
the debate becomes moot with disney s epic deal
in chicago , zeta jones played a jailed vaudeville scamp scheming for celebrity after slaying her husband and sister .
sturmgeist identified himself as auvinen , and said he chose the name sturmgeist because it means storm spirit in german .
capecchi , , who was born in italy , is at the university of utah in salt lake city . smithies , , born in britain , is at the university of north carolina in chapel hill .
i m a very aggressive supporter of senator clinton , but i think you need at least a popular vote , gov . jon corzine , d new jersey , expressed in an interview on april . later that day , rep .
dhaka , bangladesh cnn a powerful cyclone slammed into bangladesh on thursday night , tearing down flimsy houses , toppling trees and power poles , and forcing hundreds of thousands to flee their homes in the low lying nation .
he is accused of creating slush funds to pay politicians and officials for business favors as well as transferring funds and shifting corporate control to his son , chung eui sun .
this month , mattel inc . , one of the largest u . s . toy companies , was forced to recall , plastic preschool toys made by lee der because they were decorated with paint found to have excessive amounts of lead .
the reduced price , once daily pill combines the drugs tenofovir , lamivudine and efavirenz .
this is the latest in a series of grisly killings in japan , a country renowned for its alleged low crime rate .
the weapons known as explosively formed penetrators efps are capable of destroying an abrams tank .
there was less intensity and the court became smaller at that moment .
but leftists , who last year voted for prodi , turned out by the thousands saturday to decry his approval for u . s . plans to expand the military base in the city of vicenza , home to the rd airborne brigade .
in this field , parcak is a pioneer .
one was killed near diwaniya shortly after midnight . six u . s . soldiers and an iraqi interpreter died in an attack in western baghdad .
the next was scheduled for march .
in a second suicide attack , a bomber blew himself up in the middle of a funeral procession in western baquba , killing nine people and wounding others , a baquba police official said .
paris , france cnn the chief of the french army resigned tuesday after an accidental shooting sunday at a military open house that left people wounded .
to hear norm ornstein tell it , we re lucky to have president barack obama .
the year old former porto , chelsea and atletico madrid player has made appearances for his country and played a central role in portugal s run to the euro final and the world cup semifinals .
she said i am ok and then read a letter in the afghan language , dari , calling for the release of unknown prisoners .
our reaction is clear , we may kill him , he said , when asked what the taliban would do if none
it covers the mujahedeen leaders who fronted the anti soviet resistance in the s and plunged the country into civil war in the early s .
ibm hasn t done that , hopes never to have to .
ternent waits minutes , but she is still awake , so he shoots a second dart . this one does the trick she s completely out of it .
habsburg , a year old new york architect , pledged to keep it open as a museum until and offered to sell the castle last year to local authorities for million , but the offer was rejected .
cnn the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u . s . navy reported tuesday .
antiquities officials hope the move will encourage more surveys in the eastern nile delta in northern egypt , parcak said , where encroaching development in the burgeoning nation of million poses the greatest threat to the sites .
bush , with former new york mayor rudolph giuliani at his side , criticized democrat kerry s strategy of pessimism and retreat and told voters in colorado that in every critical respect , my opponent and i see the war on terror differently .
the government plans to propose to the united states the idea of making the target year for the transfer of wartime operational control of south korean troops flexible based on the security situation on the korean peninsula , according to a defense ministry spokesman .
the youngest of seven children , zerola was placed in foster care at age after his parents split up and his mother became ill .
five people were killed and three more were wounded during the five hour iraqi army operation conducted with u . s . support , the interior ministry official said .
she was called to active duty in april with her army national guard unit and was sent to fort benning , georgia , on may in preparation for deployment , said lt . col . alicia tate nadeau , an illinois national guard spokeswoman .
on the web site , digg s ceo jay adelson said the decision had been made to protect the company .
one of the men lying on the ground and another man came up with a pole , and started smashing it into his head .
for now , the barrages continue .
the number of people killed in friday s clashes remained in dispute .
on saturday about , pro chinese demonstrators gathered outside of cnn s bureau in los angeles demanding that a cafferty apologize and be fired from the network over comments critical of china and the u . s . government s relationship with it .
each over the top party has a theme and is run by a team trained in child development , says dinsfriend .
they have slept for days in tiny one person tents near the hajj s sacred sites and walked for miles from ritual to ritual despite his wife s bad knees .
woods , tied second at the u . s . masters and u . s . open this year , had opened his birdie account at the third with an eight footer and he rounded off his outward half by converting another from a yard further away .
the median weekly income of a farmer in was , a little more than , a year , according to the department of labor .
the republican battle between arizona senator john mccain , former massachusetts governor mitt romney and former arkansas governor mike huckabee could be decided in tuesday s vote with more than , of the , delegates needed to clinch the presidential nomination at stake .
democrats said they continue to want goodling to testify .
the exploit will be featured in the next edition of the u . s . based journal science .
the other airstrikes , also directed at hamas , targeted a training camp in khan younis , a weapons cache in rafah and a weapons warehouse in gaza city , the spokeswoman said .
a couple of children begged strangers for money .
we disagree with the court s holding and intend to pursue this case vigorously to protect all americans from vindictive government officials who abuse their power for their own political ends , she said in a statement .
another concern abc and the academy had was the seeming lack of drama in most of the major categories .
one woman , complaining of sickness , was taken to a hospital .
commercial hunting , civil unrest and habitat loss due to logging and forest clearance for palm oil plantations are compounding the problem , said the swiss based group known by its acronym iucn .
dictator general pervez musharraf has announced three days of national mourning .
the authorities were alerted when fossett s family reported him missing after he failed to return from a trip which should have lasted just a few hours .
but tadic is a western leaning leader who has pushed for serbia to join the european union , while nikolic supports closer ties with a resurgent russia , the serbs historical ally .
the archives posting of additional detail includes commentary from some of the books and other material previously published about the war and its aftermath .
the steelers hines ward said his sprained knee is getting better by the day and should be good to go .
prosecutors in the case are recommending probation for the time all star .
he then appealed unsuccessfully to a regional court in december .
it was not immediately clear how the sailors were freed , or whether any ransom was paid for their release .
the main opposition grand national party gnp filed a compliant against the two ministers with the prosecution last month , accusing them of using their public posts to campaign in favor of the ruling uri party .
gambari is expected to arrive in myanmar the first week of november after the leadership of myanmar , also called burma , agreed to move up the date of his arrival , according to a u . n . press release .
i was a little afraid in the beginning , because our society imposes a certain lifestyle for women , abu srour said .
hamas militants killed at least members of the rival fatah faction wednesday after setting off explosives in a tunnel beneath a security compound in southern gaza , palestinian security sources said .
fulfilling his promise to work right to the end of his tenure , blair will attend his last prime minister s questions session in the house of commons .
only half of the local legislative assembly s lawmakers are also directly elected .
prosecutors recommended the judge sentence pichushkin to life imprisonment , with the first years to be spent in isolation given the convicted man s violent nature . the judge has not yet set a date for sentencing .
aaj tv was taken off the air at p . m . a . m . et , hussain said . it was not known when the station could resume operations . instead of programming , viewers are greeted with the message
at p . m . , when he had not returned , a search began that ultimately included thousands of volunteers .
however , before norway could formally bid for the games it would have needed economic guarantees from the norwegian government and parliament .
italian filippo pozzato of the liquigas team came home third .
the death toll from the blast had risen to while people were rescued , the ministry said .
more than celebrities and professional baseball players who apparently took steps to avoid being drafted into the military for the mandatory two year term .
on economic cooperation , baek said , the south could propose the establishment of a gaeseong industrial park like economic zone , as a step for the joint economic community . he said it is inevitable for the two koreas to deepen business cooperation if the north and south want co prosperity .
the three are suspected of stealing the ruby along with diamonds and and other gems recovered in the raid from a german jewelry dealer in milan , italy in august .
lieutenant general john sattler declared on thursday his forces had broken the back of the insurgency in falluja , but u . s . troops still faced dangers in the city and guerrillas attacked elsewhere in iraq .
this is a man who is prepared to be president , giuliani said of his old friend .
the leader of the country s largest conservative civic organization monday expressed support for the main opposition grand national party gnp in next year s presidential election .
godwin said he had breakfast with falwell tuesday morning and said they talked about the future .
putin used his last news conference with more than , journalists and lasting almost five hours to highlight differences between russia and the west .
more than two dozen people were killed in the attack , including four mexicans and raul reyes , the second in command of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia . the problem is very simple , uribe told cnn en espanol in this seaside resort , where he was attending a meeting of the world economic forum .
the two ships mavuno and were being escorted to aden port in yemen by a u . s . navy warship at the request of the south korean government , the ministry said in a statement .
i want to make use of my year experience as president to work for japan and the world , ntv quoted him as saying .
we are still working details , but it seems that there was a suicide bombing there , tariq azim khan , pakistani information minister , told cnn .
bulgarian nurses , welcomed the visit .
the president wants to take a little or a lot off the top for some executives at financial bailout firms .
teams of forensic doctors struggled thursday to identify the more than people killed , most burned beyond recognition by the fire that tore through the garuda airlines boeing .
one group , working with the lightning fast machines known as supercomputers , is always pushing for more blazing speed .
tebow was picked off twice , passed for yards and grounded out key yards on the ground .
lima s last words are go !
spears also arrived at court for that hearing but then quickly turned around and left , chased by photographers .
it shows how mainstream the internet is becoming , said lee rainie , director of the pew internet and american life project , a nonprofit group that authored the study .
a security guard told labeouf that he needed to leave the walgreens store because he appeared to be drunk , police said .
for kassouf , small changes started with soda .
washington described the discussions as frank but that there was no sign the burmese military government had changed its basic opinions .
the bridge collapsed as workers were removing scaffolding from its facade , xinhua said .
in the executive order , president bush accuses syria of actions including , but not limited to , undermining efforts with respect to the stabilization of iraq .
the jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict armento .
namely , ford explorers , jeep grand cherokees and range rovers .
yes , it scared us , julio lara , , a parking attendant in downtown mexico city told the associated press . it was strong .
las vegas township justice court chief judge douglas smith put a no bail hold on simpson , meaning bail is not an option for him before zimmerman makes her decision .
but privacy advocates say etc could turn highways into massive surveillance systems .
but their limited payload make them unsuitable for other purposes .
the film is based on a short story written by f . scott fitzgerald in the s .
forces were almost finished searching the many rooms of the complex for unexploded grenades , booby traps and other weaponry .
ulyanovsk gov . sergei morozov has decreed sept . a day of conception and is giving couples time off from work to procreate .
the korea times reports detention of yoo hoe won , ceo of lone star advisor korea , came after former lone star executives shin dong hoon and woo byung ik were grilled by prosecutors .
the new package includes the original billion euros . billion plan with the government paying up to billion euros billion of that sum and banks funding the remainder as a line of credit .
years of mismanagement and an army first policy have left the economy in a shambles .
american landis said in a statement posted on his website that usada had stopped a rider s observer from attending the retesting of the samples at a french laboratory .
researchers found that participants taking crestor cut their risk of heart attack , stroke and death by nearly half
whooping cough vaccine
the chinese leadership refused to talk to former japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi because he insisted on visiting the yasukuni shrine where japan s war dead and war criminals are buried .
a u . n . investigation into the assassination is continuing , but lebanon has been hit by a string of bombings in the past two years that many government supporters blame on syria .
an unexpected perk along a lonely stretch of warehouses in culver city , bluebird caf eacute
it would have been ideal to build rescue centers first and then issue the ban , said n . jayasimha , a lawyer with the people for ethical treatment of animals . but the order is positive and a step in the right direction .
a year old palestinian boy with a suicide bomb vest strapped to his body was caught at a crowded west bank checkpoint wednesday , setting off a tense encounter with israeli soldiers whom the army said he was sent to kill .
the blaze at the studios back lot destroyed several movie sets and the king kong exhibit , and damaged a video vault .
the new importance of venture capital and ipos mean that the new economy , unlike the old economy , is subject to tech booms and tech busts .
president obama has picked new york city s health commissioner to head the centers for disease control and prevention .
that individual , reed raymond prior , was ordered released from prison in february .
the business generated by such customers is impossible to quantify , but it s big enough that several stores , including wal mart , home depot and best buy , devote
a man sentenced to death in kuwait for the bombings of the u . s . and french embassies now sits in iraq s parliament as a member of prime minister nuri al maliki s ruling coalition , according to u . s . military intelligence .
police said they found shells and more than unused bullets at the scene .
benedict greeted tens of thousands in jesus biblical hometown of nazareth today .
the california supreme court on thursday voided the nearly , same sex marriages sanctioned in san francisco this year and ruled unanimously that the mayor overstepped his authority by issuing licenses to gay and lesbian couples .
lee , who served as taiwanese president from to , arrived in japan on wednesday for an day cultural visit .
the former head of communist china s state food and drug administration , zheng xiaoyu , has been executed for corruption , the state run xinhua news agency reports .
officials at the military manpower administration said that people who are not subject to criminal charges involving avoidance of the draft would undergo physical examination by nov .
l oreal recently said it was looking to buy a small indian ayurveda brand to launch a worldwide foray in ayurveda .
addressing his cabinet in forceful tones sharon said that palestinian president mahmoud abbas s immediate test was to act against islamic jihad , which claimed responsibility for the first deadly palestinian in attack in israel since november .
we have people confirmed dead at this location , one person at another location .
major indexes fell more than percent after the fed cut the benchmark fed funds rate for a third time to fortify the economy against a credit crunch and housing slump .
healthy magellanic penguins grow to about inches tall and weigh about pounds .
clinton loaned her presidential race . million over the last month , her campaign said , an indication of her deteriorating financial position .
there were , arrests and about billion in property damage in los angeles .
he says that can definitely make a difference in the classroom .
it then travels to the brain , where it begins to feed .
, with its shaded patio and turquoise window frames reminiscent of a friendly caf eacute
the irish republican army used letter bombs in the early s as part of its campaign to end british rule in northern ireland , targeting numerous british government offices .
daiwa sushi and iwasa sushi are exceptional .
riggle , clements and bleyer visited several bases including balad air force base near baghdad and two forward operating bases over five days .
the tech loaded nasdaq shed . , or . percent , to close at , . .
lange produced three of twain s albums
but some are questioning whether she s ready to follow the path taken by her father and her two uncles .
the composer later apologized , but the city still canceled performances of his concerts .
an autopsy in the bahamas is planned for monday .
new york cnn when aaron jones walks gozer , his rottweiler hound mix , people cross the street to avoid them .
the seattle supersonics settled for kevin durant , thrilling fans disappointed by the trade of all star ray allen to boston .
last month , nearly half the members of australia s parliament signed a letter to the u . s . congress appealing for help repatriating him .
it is a slow but steady trickle all day long at the hamilton county board of elections the ohio presidential primary is tuesday , but turnout is already smashing records .
girotti said the catholic church continued to be concerned by other sinful acts , including abortion and pedophilia .
pointing out that south korea , in the past has been extremely reliant on the united states , which had overwhelming priority in the country , ban stressed that today such a relationship is undesirable and korea is pursuing a cooperative self reliant national defense .
the action was a goodwill gesture for the iranian new year , he said , adding that iran had received a letter from britain promising not to intrude into iranian waters .
after losing democratic contests in the delegate rich states of ohio and texas this week , presidential candidate sen . barack obama won the wyoming democratic caucus saturday .
advocates for a bailout argue that if the big three can hang on until then , they ll be in position to be competitive long term .
president barack obama is meeting with congressional leaders from both parties this morning , trying to move along his economic stimulus package .
but the iraq war damaged his reputation .
the anti government protesters are trying to lay siege to other government buildings near the parliament in the capital city , bangkok .
russell , who previously worked at scottish salmon farms and took the northern ireland job just three days before the attack , said he had never seen anything like it in years in the business .
bin laden was one of several men appearing and speaking on the tape .
new jersey has not put anyone to death since , according to the death penalty information center .
massive demonstrations against the government recently have been held in ankara , istanbul and izmir .
shaun wright phillips pushed his england claims in front of new national coach fabio capello by inspiring man chelsea to a dramatic carling cup semifinal first leg home win over everton .
in september , the u . s .
markets in britain , france and germany closed well down despite the coordinated rate cuts led by the united states .
the dutch government and others , including the european union and the organization of the islamic conference , have rejected the film .
the snl skit featured cast member fred armisen as the governor .
new river valley is one of four hospitals treating students wounded in the shooting spree that left of their college peers and faculty members dead .
on questioning , the patient stated that she had had a habit of eating her hair for many years a condition called trichophagia , they wrote .
musharraf told cnn in an exclusive interview on the sidelines of the world economic forum in davos , switzerland .
in jamaica , it tore off roofs , uprooted trees and destroyed power lines as the storm s centre passed just south of the island .
russia pushes for the resumption of the six party talks on n . k .
approximately researchers , mostly hwang s former associates , will join it , said lee , who currently acts as a de facto spokesman for hwang .
he thought that there was no difference between al gore and george bush and , eight years later , i think people realize that ralph did not know what he was talking about , sen . barack obama said a town hall meeting sunday .
in comments made years ago when he was still a cardinal , pope benedict is reported to have called the trial reasonable and just .
on monday , exactly years after the first documented group of korean immigrants set foot in hawaii , those first korean immigrants to america will be honored by the centennial committee of korean immigration to the united states .
jupiter is changing its stripes , perhaps because its seasons are changing , scientists reported thursday .
a beggar detonated the device when he tried to pick up what appeared to be a parcel left on the median strip , police said .
an american physicist and two physicists from japan will share this year s nobel prize in physics , the nobel foundation announced tuesday .
people vote for the top of the ticket .
a gop candidate needs , delegates to secure the nomination .
a land mine exploded in chechnya sunday during a world war ii ceremony , killing chechen president akhmad kadyrov and a senior russian military commander .
i am not really interested in all that kingdom culture , stuff that shows this was once the greatest kingdom city or something , said the veteran rocker who performed wild horses with the rolling stones last year in shanghai .
state department had said late saturday that the north had informed it of the shutdown .
a global moratorium on commercial whaling has existed since , but japan kills hundreds of whales each year under a scientific whaling program conducted within the commission s rules .
the deputy chief minister for the state of maharashtra , r . r . patil , said the entire state was also on high alert .
many will pay up if doctors deem a prescription medically reasonable and necessary .
day one
the soyuz tma craft and its passengers yi so yeon , a south korean bioengineer , and cosmonauts sergei volkov and oleg kononenko hooked up with the orbiting station two days after its launch from the baikonur cosmodrome .
in chicago , kinko s has hooked into a different dimension of the hour economy by opening an office in the lobby of the stouffer renaissance hotel .
they are responsible for two thirds of the known exoplanets .
now fashion has swung back its way , and nike is reaping the reward .
according to the top chinese diplomat , however , the north is sticking to its previous stance that the united states should change its hostile policy towards the north and the agenda of the six party talks should be focused on u . s . compensation in return for its nuclear freeze .
as a result , the park estimates its bison herd has dropped from , in november to about , today , prompting the government to halt the culling program early .
however , law enforcement authorities are being criticized for negligence in their reaction to the apparent kidnapping attempt .
the rapid growth in china s internet use can be tied to its swift economic gains and the government s push for the construction of telephone and broadband lines in the country s vast rural areas , the report says .
but for all its perfunctory stabs at the cutting edge , the movie s cyber angst seems a decade out of date .
he says he collects bottles and plastic for three cents a sack .
we didn t want to hide .
the pro democracy leader has been held for of the past years .
korea is seeking to build company towns to promote investments and enhance corporate competitiveness , the korea herald quotes the ministry of construction and transportation as saying yesterday .
farmers nationwide went on strike shortly after the government implemented the tax , on march , but they suspended the strike in early april to allow time for negotiations . on tuesday , the farmers said the government had agreed to re examine the issue of taxes on exports .
north korea has angrily denounced a united nations resolution condemning its missile tests and said it would build up its military arsenal .
he offered four tips for succeeding .
gasoline prices will likely continue its rising rally in the coming months , as the government plans to raise gasoline taxes in july while revising the nation s energy tax laws for the second time .
after authorities finished rescue efforts on thursday , the official xinhua news agency reported the death toll , citing province officials , but it did not say how badly hurt the injured were or explain the cause of the explosion .
three politicians viewed by pundits as possible running mates for republican presidential candidate john mccain will join the senator at his arizona home this weekend , but campaign officials said wednesday the gathering is purely social .
we have enough reserves for the time being , but under the conditions of limited consumption , bulgarian prime minister sergei stanishev told cnn .
vilnius , lithuania cnn unidentified hackers broke into several hundred lithuanian web sites over the weekend , plastering them with communist symbols , government officials said monday .
it gave him another sweep of pga tour awards named after three of the biggest names in history the jack nicklaus trophy for player of the year , the arnold palmer award for leading the money list . million and the byron nelson trophy for having the lowest scoring average . .
families in most of the vulnerable areas prone to landslide and those families living along the coastline have been evacuated , he said .
it needs instead to encourage banks to keep lending in the wake of a financial market crisis that made them fearful of taking on new risks .
stocks are mixed , after comments by fed chairman ben bernanke that if the bank bailout program is a success , the recession would probably end this year .
first , the global economic slowdown and the subsequent drop in consumer spending stymied demand for discretionary goods made in china .
prime minister nuri al maliki , in a statement , denounced the attack .
several taliban militants were killed in two attacks on the base saturday , and about insurgents were killed by u . s . troops , backed by airstrikes , tuesday when the insurgents ambushed the base from three directions , the coalition reported .
sheikh fa ez al ubeid , head of khalis salvation council and deputy head of the diyala support council , was hosting a gathering at his home when the suicide attacker walked in and detonated his bomb , khalis police and the u . s . military said .
he said medications the mother was taking to prevent labor had a side effect of making them sleepy .
lesbian and gay film festival
under the relevant law passed last june , people sentenced to a three year prison term for breaking criminal , tax or national security laws lose previously awarded orders of merit and military decorations .
i could hear people shouting and screaming .
the victims were residents of srebrenica , which was officially a u . n . protected muslim enclave during the bosnian war . in belgrade , presiding judge gordana bozilovic petrovic , who read the verdict , said the recording presented evidence that proved the guilt beyond any doubt and that medic , as the commander , had the authority to issue such an order .
through the first half of june , total auto sales in the u . s . were running at an annualized rate of about . million vehicles , according to j . d . power associates .
china , as the north s major aid donor , is thought to bear some influence .
seoul and washington reached a consensus in more than half of the negotiation sectors in the just ended eighth round of talks in seoul .
the statement said that grylls is returning to the uk to receive medical attention .
perhaps the interviewer answered every question or concern you had about the position , but if you re interested in a future with this employer , you can probably think of a few things to ask .
it s a stirring sight with the chance for a refreshing shower before tackling the climb back up the cliff .
he got the idea for the book while teaching at columbia university in new york during the s .
gay couples can be married in washington state .
the korea times reports hwang made the remarks yesterday before leaving for philadelphia in the united states to participate in the annual symposium of the american society of reproductive medicine .
moscow , russia cnn a man accused of killing dozens of people and keeping count of his victims on a chessboard paced back and forth inside a glass cage as a jury was selected thursday at the start of his murder trial .
in a statement on the tsa s web site , administrator kip hawley said , we work very closely with law enforcement and intelligence communities about possible methods of attack and it appears that terrorists may have an interest to use these remote control toys as a means to initiate these devices in a terrorist attack .
tensions had been simmering for months between police and the students at mosque , who are blamed for a string of recent kidnappings of civilians , chinese nationals and pakistani police .
cardinal joseph ratzinger has been elected as the pope the head of the world s . billion roman catholics .
new york cnn warning to starbucks junkies who usually get a fix on their way home from work you re out of luck on tuesday .
electronic toll collection is clearly in its infancy , and state planners are only now confronting privacy issues .
korea ranked th in the public sector , down from th a year earlier , the report showed .
many citizens have raised speculation that the korean and u . s . governments had already shared information about the kidnapping , but kept it secret for political reasons .
some shopkeepers shuttered their stores and universities postponed exams .
bush acknowledges the global stock selloff has been startling .
earlier , asian markets , which had suffered the most damage earlier in the week , enjoyed healthy gains with hong kong s hang sen rallying more than percent and japan s benchmark nikkei gaining more than percent .
washington has been realigning its troops worldwide to transform them into more agile , mobile forces to cope better with new security threats , characterized by asymmetric adversaries , transnational terrorists , and non linear battlefields .
according to cnn s kathy quiano , the shaking caused many in the capital to flee their homes .
even coming off the highs of the day , shares of the company have risen nearly percent in the three months since it announced it was looking to sell chrysler .
the film follows retired university professor craig ewert during the last four days of his life in , when he visited a swiss clinic with his wife , mary , in order to die .
southeast asian countries told myanmar barring pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi from elections because she once was married to a foreigner would be odd and not in keeping with the times .
yeltsin s image on the international stage was very different , said cnn s jill dougherty , who served as the network s moscow bureau chief during yeltsin s presidency .
there are some others suspected of having the disease in south korea .
hospital officials said about people were injured in scuffles with police .
the adventurous views of dave evans , chief technologist at business solutions company cisco systems , highlight the types of changes we could soon see in airports and indeed the new features we may witness in spaceports .
washington slapped restrictions on banco delta asia in and put it on a money laundering blacklist .
lieberman , the chairman of the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee , also wants youtube staffers to have a system that will prevent the video from reappearing .
wrong part of the animated kingdom , my friends .
china has shut down nearly , internet cafes across the country and has ordered , to suspend operations and make changes .
the opposition party submitted a request for a parliamentary inspection of the national tax agency and the intelligence service .
included in the report was a list of governments and private companies who had broken the un trade embargo on iraq .
the quake was strong enough , however , to be felt in malaysia and thailand . several aftershocks have been recorded , including a . magnitude temblor about an hour later .
ground controllers were able to download data , which is currently being analyzed for clues as to what happened .
now everyone must tell me when i m right .
israel radio analyst hanan crystal said the final count was , for barak and , for ayalon , a margin of percent . an official announcement was expected later wednesday .
it now also operates in uganda and tanzania .
a curfew is now in force in the city , where the situation is said to be calm .
at the heart of the controversy is why kim , the president of gana general trading co . , has been reluctant to come back to his home country , with the government scrambling for ways to determine the true date of the kim abduction .
the first israeli strike saturday night killed a hamas militant in the town of rafah , an israeli military spokeswoman said .
the main opposition grand national party gnp called on president roh moo hyun thursday to veto a bill of reinvestigating financial fraud allegations of its president elect lee myung bak .
japan says it has shown sufficient remorse over the issue , but survivors and relatives say it should go further .
kansas city , missouri cnn president bush drew parallels between the aftermath of the vietnam war and the potential costs of pulling out of iraq in a speech wednesday .
politicians and analysts struggled to make sense of the lack of public enthusiasm .
he said scrapping the gia and reviving pressrooms were campaign pledges of the president elect . cheong wa dae , however , made it clear that the current media policy will remain intact until president roh moo hyun steps down on feb .
china s state council has blasted which called for an independence referendum and implied that taiwan is a country .
are eagerly awaiting the bush era restrictions to be lifted .
one of the most contentious issues before the judge was the collection of dna from smith s body to help establish paternity , and to reinforce that smith is the mother .
the group plans to meet every tuesday with fillon , who will travel to marseille on wednesday for a major ump rally ahead of the legislative vote .
now the antwerp zoo has urged visitors to , please , stop staring at the chimpanzees .
in they asked more for development programs than emergency .
using ct scans the researchers were able study the inside of the animal s skull where the orientation of canals in the organ that helps keep balance disclosed the habitual low pose of the head , they reported .
the dead animal was to be tested for rabies .
reuters reports presidential candidates hillary clinton and barack obama waged a tight campaign fight across ohio on sunday two days before crucial voting that could virtually nail down the democratic nomination or prolong the party battle into the spring .
the ngo urged the government to find a profound solution to tackle the corruption problems .
that is coast guard captain james fitten .
hence anastasia and the handful of other women bodyguards currently at work in the country .
i ve watched the news , and i liked what putin said . i think he s a brave and noble man .
nuon sary , deputy police chief of kampot province , said that the russian made an flying from siem reap to the south seemed to have hit the mountain , leaving no survivors , according to afp .
the resolution draft stresses the urgency of , and calls for , an immediate , durable , and fully respected cease fire which will lead to the full withdrawal of israeli forces from gaza .
i couldn t understand why every time i saw a monitor next to a patient i was so upset .
a international conference on north korea s human rights hold in washington .
with so much at stake , clinton needs a very strong performance in thursday s debate , the only time the two candidates will share the same stage in texas before the state s primary .
even though now proven a hoax
in , for the first time in years , the united states was forced to import honeybees in order to meet its pollination demands .
the hotel is classic trastevere
each year , about percent of the million people using gray line s hop on , hop off buses around new york take the uptown loop , which includes harlem and stops on th street across from the apollo theater .
the candidates ran into each other at the aipac conference and had a brief chat , obama spokeswoman linda douglass said .
timothy keating , head of the u . s . pacific command , was on the first of three u . s . aid flights allowed into myanmar this week .
a story visual development guy , not the star of the show .
he dipped his right pinky in ink , collected his paper receipt from the voting machine and then gave an uncharacteristically short talk with the news media .
officials with the beijing olympic organizing committee declined to comment , saying they had not seen the report .
speculation about a nuclear test mounted after south korea s defense ministry reported last week that korean and u . s . intelligence have been tracking north korea s construction of underground tunnels in a northeastern region of gilju county .
the iucn , in updating its trademark red list of threatened species , emphasized that conservation efforts could help turn the tide .
obama , the illinois senator who would be the first black u . s . president , traveled to north carolina on sunday morning to seek former opponent john edwards endorsement .
what governments have to do is to fight it on their home territory , and that means , if necessary , you know , to vet incoming travelers from infected areas .
low cost carrier southwest had the lowest complaint rate .
stranded airlines passengers , angry about being left on the tarmac or in the terminal for hours and hours two winters ago , because of weather delays .
sheehan said both muliaga and her son told the technician she was dependent on the oxygen machine to stay alive and invited him into the house to see it . then he cut the power off , sheehan told the associated press .
just don t bring it up prior to the salary negotiation offer stage .
these capital injections are something that secretary henry paulson is actively considering , said perino .
earlier on monday , hong kong police freed an additional south koreans detained for taking part in the street protests following the release of south korean women and a child on the same day .
analyze each goal and figure out what skills you will gain , what new experiences you will have and whom you might meet .
clashes in sadr city , a shiite enclave in the capital , has killed iraqis and wounded since sunday , and nine u . s . troops have died in baghdad during the same period .
that is specifically why she was in the region why she was hoping that japan , china and south korea might together be able to push along these six party talks and get north korea to denuclearize .
he said customers systems were patched and secured by january though just to be safe , he plans to have extra support staff around this weekend in case clients have time related problems .
film star leonardo dicaprio is slated to produce and star in a new film on the collapse of the giant energy company enron , warner bros . movie studio said tuesday .
he acknowledged his government had not always lived up to high expectations but said he had been very blessed to lead the greatest nation on earth .
iran can now produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale , president ahmadinejad has announced , in a move likely to further strain tensions with the west .
a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of . struck japan s northern island of hokkaido early monday , swaying buildings , throwing objects off shelves and triggering a small tsunami wave that reached the shore .
some , palestinians have fled a refugee camp near tripoli after three days of fighting , according to the red crescent .
news reports , however , say that person is hudson s brother in law , william balfour .
columbia , houston , we see your tire pressure messages and we did not copy your last .
as land costs account for up to percent of new apartment prices , having people pay just the construction costs would help cut home prices , although the feasibility of the policy remains to be determined .
obama has vastly outraised mccain , who now faces a huge cash disadvantage .
fhm said nearly million votes were cast for the th edition of the annual poll .
rooney powered two thunderous efforts towards goal that jose cevallos managed to deal with while park ji sung fired an angled shot straight at the keeper and then lifting a close range chance over the bar .
in april , chavez told a graduating class of medical students in caracas , venezuela , that the level of consumption of alcohol in the country represents a threat to public health and ought to make residents feel ashamed , according to an abn report .
make sure liquids are in bottles containing no more than ounces each , and put the bottles in a single quart sized clear plastic bag .
airbus confirmed the crash in a written statement , saying the jet was owned by air new zealand and operated by xl airways germany .
the demand came a day after the aug .
some people seem to think , we will all die if we don t have the u . s . military .
he also said the attack was probably the work of militants operating in swat and the federally administered tribal areas , which have long been havens for foreign fighters .
guillaume moche pitt de tonquedec , of france , and austria s max herr jaquelin heller .
she also urged the public to stop buying sensationalist newspapers .
the ministry said it would restrict some koreans from traveling abroad in an effort to stop what it called ugly koreans from giving the nation a bad name and to prevent well behaved korean tourists from being considered troublemakers .
the home team made a strong start and carlos tevez could have scored twice in the first five minutes .
after the election s over , we basically go back to our normal type of making fun of tv and movies and stuff .
the poll showed that more than percent of koreans consider the current real estate boom a potentially harmful bubble , while only . percent of respondents believe the land and apartment prices are undervalued .
all the others believed killed were aboard the russian jet , separating year old twin egyptian boys joined at the crowns of their heads could result in death for both , so doctors are returning to egypt for meetings with medical and religious officials to decide what to do .
the house approved the bill but it is still a long way from becoming law .
the navy says sailors aboard the uss hartford were slightly injured when the submarine collided with the amphibious ship uss new orleans in the strait of hormuz , between iran and the arabian peninsula .
cnn an off duty sheriff s deputy shot and killed six people in crandon , wisconsin , early sunday before dying himself under circumstances that remain under wraps , the town s police chief said .
merseyside police , who are investigating the theft , issued a statement warning people that if they handle the book before saturday in anything other than a legitimate manner , they could face criminal charges .
president lee said he wants to meet with putin even after president putin steps down on may .
however , she has appeared in public only rarely in recent years .
at a meeting between north korean and u . s . officials in new york on wednesday , the pyongyang delegation demanded that sanctions imposed by washington on a macao bank be lifted before north korea would return to nuclear negotiations .
over the weekend , microsoft withdrew its three month old unsolicited bid for yahoo after seeing the impasse with the internet search engine s board over a mutually acceptable sales price .
in one day alone , more than , posted comments .
a diplomat familiar with the talks said that investigation now was focused on the most delicate aspects of iran s past atomic work , including programs linked to u . s . suspicions the country conducted experiments linked to nuclear arms .
the tensions have been compounded in recent days by allegations of additional less serious crimes by american troops .
prime minister ehud olmert asked the cabinet to release the funds as part of a package of moves in support of abbas .
now the chances of that appear slimmer than ever .
the drug costs at least a month , plus the price of doctor s visits .
save china s tigers said this was still in the
the commerce department reports retail sales took an unexpected drop last month tenths of one percent that s triggered a sharp drop on the stock market with the dow down more than points in early going .
in an interview on nbc s meet the press , obama said
meanwhile , the top un nuclear official said force should be a last resort .
the spanish media accused him of not wanting to play at the bernabeu in front of a critical real crowd when capello left him out of the starting line up for several home matches .
correspondents say that by threatening to use the veto for the first time in his presidency , bush has made it clear he will make a stand .
in a nairobi slum , more than one in four children under will die , but in a wealthier part of the kenyan capital , the mortality rate is one in almost , according to a world health organization report released tuesday .
the new citizenship test is expected to be introduced later this year .
another anxious morning on wall street
the first officially sanctioned ivory auction in nearly a decade happened tuesday in namibia , with opinion split on whether the sale will help or hurt efforts to stop elephant poaching .
secretary general ban ki moon will press for speedy deployment of a , strong peacekeeping force in darfur and a quick start to new peace talks to end the four year conflict there during his visit to sudan starting monday .
a major relief operation has swung into operation , with teams from across the country and abroad arriving in the disaster zone .
cnn the presidents of colombia , ecuador and venezuela , entangled in a crisis sparked by a raid by colombian forces into ecuador , plan to join other latin american leaders at a summit friday .
washington cnn perhaps it was one of those eureka moments , when the scientists realized they had discovered a new dinosaur with mouth parts designed to vacuum up food .
but north korea had not withdrawn the funds , apparently seeking to prove the money was now clean by receiving it through an electronic bank transfer . other banks have apparently been reluctant to touch the disputed money .
. . . i guess i m just feeling more of the concerns that people have , and they want relief , she said on cnn s american morning on monday .
her friend hung up on her , nowick says , and that was that .
in his new role , tony will help palestinians develop the political and economic institutions they will need for a democratic , sovereign state able to provide for its people and live in peace and security with israel , bush said .
meanwhile , in berkeley , california , north korea s u . n . ambassador met with officials from south korea , the united states , china , japan and the european union for talks aimed at allaying tensions on the korean peninsula .
. how long until i get a promotion ?
rising household debt and a possible double dip in private spending would hurt property market sentiment in the coming months , he added .
the successtech academy is a student alternative high school that specializes in business and technology .
now , she finally wants to make the album public .
so obama s clamping a salary lid of , on the biggest named companies that took bailout cash , places like aig , citigroup , and us car makers .
the resolution monday takes the party one step closer toward that goal .
defense department official said tuesday the united states will slightly reduce its troops in south korea following the planned transfer of its wartime control of the south korean armed forces to seoul .
chavez said rice s visit to brazil and chile this week is aimed at mounting pressures against our government and against me .
it says the pull out must start by october this year , and sets a target of completion by march .
last month , federal health officials recommended that the consult your physician advice to parents on the labels of cold and cough medicines aimed at young children be dropped and a warning not to use the medications in children under be added .
it is also allowed at any time when a pregnant woman s physical or mental health is deemed as being in danger , with a doctor s certification .
a spokesman for the federal prosecutor s office said the suspects had been
the diamond has a royal lineage . christie s traces it thus
he sets up shop in the attic of the author s building after wiring his telephone and apartment , but after weeks of listening in on his daily life , finds himself sympathizing with his target .
the new report follows a study released by ucla last month which found that nearly three quarters of the freshmen it surveyed thought it was important to be very well off financially .
palin emphasized her admiration for the president elect in the interview .
student textbooks will include sections on preventing suicides .
soon after , friends close to the tenor told italian media that he had been unhappy in the marriage , and that mantovani was fighting his grown daughters from an earlier marriage over his estate .
firefighters had to break that ice with a mallet , and then drag duke to shore .
however , a radical islamist web site reported earlier wednesday that a statement from bin laden was coming soon .
siljander is accused of lying to federal agents and prosecutors about his work for the group , which allegedly steered , to gulbuddin hekmatyar an ally of the taliban and al qaeda .
environmental imperialists who are trying to dictate their morals to the world .
british airways said tuesday it was in talks with australian rival qantas that could see a merger of two of the world s most prestigious airlines .
it took about two hours to assemble my er , which came in dozens of pieces tightly packed in a box along with screws .
you would ideally prefer european opposition , but you know that you will have to play an english team at some stage if you want to go to the final .
and the field is advancing rapidly .
aside from the revolution , maidan is noted for the soaring foot statue of a young woman in the national costume representing the newly independent ukraine .
crichton , a medical doctor , was attracted to cautionary science tales .
south korea asked the united states to delay its troop reduction on the korean peninsula .
it sounded like a huge explosion , hung said . it s the biggest accident i ve ever seen .
scott said wednesday the body was found in a car outside the family home in the northern city of auckland .
the eccc , which was established by both the united nations and cambodia , became operational in , but the first formal hearings took place in fall of last year .
once pyongyang takes additional steps to disable its nuclear program , including taking inventory of its plutonium stockpile , it will qualify for another , tons of fuel oil or equivalent aid , according to the terms of the deal .
the portents of this disarray were there from the start .
the associated press news agency quoted a customs official as saying that no weapons , drugs or other prohibited material had been found on the ship or the strong crew after a search from bow to stern and top to bottom .
iraqi doctor bilal abdulla has been charged in connection with last week s failed car bombings in london and glasgow , a scotland yard spokesman said .
s . korea embassy in iraq urged koreans to leave the nation immediately .
monday s meeting was a historic formality , but it was also a time for serious talks .
rice noted that she had been serving as president george w . bush s national security adviser during the period covered by the panel s questions , and stressed the administration s position that presidential aides not confirmed by the senate cannot be forced to testify before congress under the doctrine of executive privilege .
the deputy told judd that conditions on the road worsened suddenly .
terrified students ran through the campus as ambulances arrived .
french anti doping agency afld president pierre bordry confirmed the agency had known there would be another positive test .
atlanta , georgia cnn a federal court has ordered a kuwait based contractor to pay nearly million in damages to the family of a u . s . military officer killed in iraq a rare court decision holding a contracting company accountable for its actions in the war .
the goods
after the raid , the iraqi and u . s . forces were attacked with three roadside bombs and small arms fire from insurgents who were attempting to flee the area , the military s statement said .
the pope and the vatican , however , have worked to forge dialogue and reconciliation with the muslim world , including a visit to turkey by the pope in november .
there is a very small , right wing , very conservative political party in india , and they are the moral police in india and they do this kind of thing quite often , he told comedy central s the daily show with jon stewart on thursday .
a couple of hours north of las vegas , these desolate miles of blacktop average cars a day and so many ufo sightings that in february nevada s department of transportation renamed the extraterrestrial highway .
the procedure worked years ago with another humpback that wandered for nearly a month in the sacramento san joaquin delta before returning to the ocean , said bernie krause of wild sanctuary in glen ellen , california
maria angelina sarmento , a member of the national election commission , sounded on sunday a warning on more violence .
samsung electronics co . , the world s second largest chipmaker , announced that it is preparing for mass production of a gigabit nand flash memory chip next year .
your body feels a strong visual sensation of movement but in reality , you aren t moving at all .
all public events have been cancelled in mexico city for the next days , as government officials work to contain a swine flu outbreak that s suspected in about a thousand cases and more than deaths .
singapore airlines received its first a in october last year to become the first carrier in the world to operate the double decker aircraft , which it is currently using for the singapore sydney route .
speaking as news of the vote was announced , u . s . president george w . bush who said there already are turkish troops stationed in iraq said we are making it very clear to turkey that we don t think it is in their interests to send troops into iraq .
the fact that hong is one of the key figures working for park has dealt a blow to her and makes earlier allegations that her supporters orchestrated the smear campaign plausible .
no more bloodshed , no more lives pointlessly taken , abdullah declared .
forecasters say this could be the coldest day in years in the upper midwest .
police urged people with information to come forward , saying the suspect may have been seen smeared with blood because he or she would drain the animals blood and take their heads .
half a million had waited more than three months since applying for the travel identification that historically has been ready in six weeks .
the columbia disaster delayed her mission from fall of that year until now .
i think our only alternative in this monument is to be percent french , he told the associated press .
mccain is in miami , campaigning in a state where he s running about even with barack obama
turner , who died december at age , was perhaps best known for the blues , soul and funk music he and his then wife tina performed with the ikettes during the s and s .
russian coal mines are notoriously run down and outdated , but ulyanovskaya was relatively modern .
the court barred ebay from running ads for the perfume and cosmetic brands or it would face a fine of , per day .
while some urge the government to change its north friendly policies , others say that although the north deserves criticism , the government s pursuit of a spirit of co existence and inter korean cooperation should not be shaken .
a bbc correspondent in kabul says delicate diplomacy , not military muscle , is at the forefront of efforts to get the south koreans out safely .
according to the national statistical office and quoted by the chosun ilbo thursday , oecd member nations sustaining greater consumer price increase rates than korea of last year were in the order of turkey , slovakia , hungary and mexico in , korea ranked th with a . percent rise in consumer prices , with last year s ranking climbing six notches from the previous year .
mugabe rejects criticism that the meltdown is the result of mismanagement and instead blames western sanctions .
australian swim star hackett quits the pool
few aspire to a skinny look , as those who look starved and ill too often are that way through misfortune , not choice .
the world health organization who says it is extremely worried about a cluster of recent human deaths from the virulent h n strain of bird flu .
a norwegian journalist was killed , along with at least seven other people , in the brazen attack on serena hotel .
britney spears hospitalization and concerns over whether the continuing hollywood writers strike would keep next week s golden globes ceremony off the air dominated red carpet chatter at the palm springs international film festival gala .
why did you lie to me
another person was killed in a roadside bombing in a shiite neighborhood in southwestern baghdad . the blast also injured six people , the official said .
she has been living in jordan under the protection of the royal family .
we want him to be successful , and we want the transition to work , he said .
north korea is not serious about disarming in a timely manner , jay lefkowitz , the president s envoy on north korean human rights , told an audience at the conservative american enterprise institute .
but independents abandon mccain for obama .
djokovic , who has yet to drop a set in the tournament , saw off hewitt on rod laver arena .
it is the same old broad conspiracy theory that never made any sense and still is not supported by any hard evidence .
this seattle area woman got stranded in a flooded road .
unspecified foreign institutional investors bought the majority of kt g shares from the icahn led funds , it said .
libya s higher judicial council last week commuted death sentences on the six , accused of deliberately infecting children at benghazi hospital , to life imprisonment .
a former general of bosnian muslim is decided to surrender to the un war crimes court .
some people think that missiles can solve everything , he said , without specifying . we were told in this way the problem of iraq would be resolved .
he noted that johnston was seen smiling during the theft and later laughed about it in a nationally televised interview .
at its heaviest shortly after dawn , some shells a minute were hitting the camp , said one witness who watched the fighting from a distance . it was deafening .
but carrie wilson , a biologist with the california department of fish and game , said experts are content with the animals remaining in the isolated port area for the weekend since heavy recreational boat traffic in the sacramento san joaquin delta could complicate rescue efforts .
the harry potter series which has sold million copies worldwide has been nothing booksellers have ever seen before , and as with the previous potter titles , retailers are pulling out all the stops .
jerome corsi had been detained for not having a work permit his book is supposed to hit the stores there today .
this virginia ten year old says she ll be running with a pack
if the doctors don t like what they see , matsui might be headed to the disabled list .
they are employed by kia s subcontractors , not directly by the company .
when we got here , there were victims out here in the parking lot and everyone else was in the church , he said .
mushrooms are a low calorie food with little nutritional benefit .
turkey s ruling ak party on wednesday proposed to bring forward a parliamentary election to june to ease tensions after an increasingly bitter standoff between the islamist rooted government and the secular elite .
all eight deny charges of murder and torture .
the palestinian rockets are a near daily occurrence but have only occasionally injured or killed people .
democratic presidential candidates faced questions directly from voters on monday in the first cnn youtube debate .
provoking his critics and striking political discord on the th anniversary of korea s liberation from japan , president roh moo hyun said that a new law is needed to compensate those whose rights were violated by past governments under japanese colonial rule and later south korea s military regimes .
the san francisco chronicle reported the former president got red faced when the subject of richardson came up and said , five times to my face richardson said that he would never do that .
a cool sea breeze and morning fog have provided some relief for those crews battling the wildfire that s destroyed scores of homes along the california coast .
europe s tiny countries have historically offered businesses special tax and accounting incentives .
after years , israel has no better friend in the world than the united states of america .
the buzzword in sleep science these days is sleep hygiene , and it s about more than clean sheets it helps you create an atmosphere that s restful , so you ll sleep well and wake up energized without the need for sleeping pills .
everything went well . i felt last year that i could make it in berlin .
it s not always an easy task .
we and also voters are worried about security , particularly in dili , which is a very high risk area , she told reuters .
new york governor eliot spitzer has resigned , after being linked to a prostitution ring .
among the highlights
sunday s newspapers ran pictures of empty seats and fans in masks .
of marriage to bruni , sarkozy revealed , i ve thought a lot about this .
spanish news media reported that authorities became alarmed recently when a known pakistani militant arrived in barcelona .
buenos aires , argentina cnn a train slammed into a chartered bus on sunday killing people and injuring , police said .
bicycles are the only form of transportation that north korean families can afford .
it would be the first opportunity for substantive u . s . discussions with pyongyang since october , when u . s . officials said north korea admitted having a nuclear weapons program in violation of a agreement .
the visit came at the request of north korean officials , to discuss the modalities for verification and monitoring of the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear facility , the statement added .
about homes were destroyed , damaged or deemed uninhabitable , cnn s rob marciano reported from suffolk .
in september , he got off the ground for six hours .
all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences .
i m here to say very strongly that whatever the challenges facing colombia , they are not going to be easier if this free trade deal does not pass , rice said thursday in the andean nation s second largest city , medellin . in fact , they will be harder .
dubbed london s biggest filmic free for all , by the capital s listings bible , time out magazine , the event takes each august .
he was regularly named greece s most popular public figure in opinion polls , the ap reported .
abukar , who said he associates mostly with kids from mogadishu who have been through similar experiences , now lives in a camp with relatives and comes to the world vision center to play soccer and to rest .
if so , you might not recognize the newest product dreamed up by the brain trust at radio flyer s chicago , illinois , headquarters .
hackett said he saw at least two or three motorcycles chasing the german car he had said four or five in the earlier statements with one pacing the car on the right side .
but he said diplomatic pressure has spurred other countries to give up nuclear weapons programs before .
rita foley , washington .
the unrest stemmed from the june death of li shu fan .
their last album , forever , released in and without halliwell , fared poorly .
bush , olmert and abbas will attend a monday dinner hosted by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice .
i ve gotta have every single one of you voting and you gotta grab five more .
a catholic priest doled it out to hundreds of the city s most down and out residents .
the two countries are now important trade partners , but their political relations have often been affected by rows stemming from the colonial rule .
that s wachovia economist mark vittner on this morning s word from the labor department that another , people lost their jobs last month , driving the unemployment rate up over to . .
in march of , two k assault rifles were stolen from the capital defense command and then later used in a bank robbery in seoul .
it s good sense to use them .
when asked by a lawyer whether he would be prepared to kill americans , he said
the united nations will launch an appeal early next week for north korean flood aid of around million , a senior u . n . official said on friday .
he told cnnmoney . com that although the fed news from the previous session and the financial news from wednesday s session were positive , credit crisis fears remain .
felix will likely hit belize tuesday or wednesday , then head back over the gulf of mexico .
if i win , i will bear a wooden cross almost as heavy as christ s , said ramos horta , , who claimed he would prefer to retire , write books and travel . if i lose , i will win my freedom .
people were killed and others injured on packed commuter trains that were hit with explosives .
the clashes started monday when workers tore down a condemned building in christiania , a partially self governing section of copenhagen that is home to an alternative lifestyle community .
marks the maccabees victory over the greeks and the rededication of the temple in jerusalem .
synonymous with cuba , just like castro and che guevara , cigars are revered by connoisseurs and part of the country s political landscape .
there s no question the koreans in hawaii , and in many parts of the united states where they have settled , have done a great deal , moon said . when we speak about years here , i think the koreans have gone very far .
close aides of lee also vented deep anger against park as one of her aides was reported to have masterminded another case of leaking classified information that had fueled attacks on lee .
that day finally arrived this summer , when my friend leslie and i decided to celebrate her birthday with a trip to the small country north of albania and south of bosnia and herzegovina .
ben hur , and the lord of the rings
melbourne is a city of tram cars , one of which offers free rides around a perimeter downtown with stops at sites such as fitzroy gardens , where capt . cook s cottage has been relocated .
he said their terror plot , which was aimed at american military installations and other western targets in germany , was initially uncovered after u . s . intelligence officials alerted german authorities .
half the size
it took a lot of time for us to come up with the feb .
the alliance organized a one day strike in to protest plans to raise taxi owners liability insurance requirements and other changes .
zoey s dilemma is not altogether unlike spears own , as the actress , now a high school junior and pregnant , ponders her future .
warmer waters entice seawolf and cod to swim farther north in the atlantic into greenlandic nets .
now he has an obligation to explain his plan to responsibly end this war , reid said .
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet , the titanic duo reuniting for revolutionary road brad pitt and cate blanchett , once the stars of babel and now pairing off in the curious case of benjamin button
tell us who s going to lose their jobs !
police strengthened security around the islam mosque after kim sun il s death .
if you google the word darfur , you will find about million references to the atrocities in the western darfur region of sudan what the united states has said is this century s first genocide .
turkish authorities blame the group for the deaths of dozens of soldiers and civilians in recent weeks , and wants iraq to handle the rebels inside their territory .
george w . bush is welcoming north carolina senator john edwards to democrat john kerry s ticket .
delavan , wisconsin ap a shooting inside a home killed six people , and a toddler was found in a nearby vehicle with a gunshot to the chest , the police chief said sunday .
bc card had decided to apply the higher fee of percent at the new store compared to the . percent at the discounter s other locations . the korea herald reports wal mart korea , the local operation of the world s no .
last month , the u . s . state department released a report saying the olympic host has one of the most repressive human rights record in the world .
although the bionic isn t coming to your local dealership , mercedes does expect it to significantly influence the design language of its next generation of small cars .
commenting on reports that u . s . officials had tapped his phone conversations with iranian officials , the international atomic energy agency iaea chief told al arabiya television that he had no secrets to conceal .
those measures include a percent tax break for corporate investment in energy conserving technologies and a so called cash back plan , in which the government offers , won to every household that reduces spending on electricity by percent during the summer months .
on saturday night , we took the voluntary decision to suspend all production here at our pirbright center , said david biland , managing director for pharmaceutical company merial animal health .
the head of the british army , chief of the general staff sir richard dannatt , said harry s deployment had been kept secret after striking an agreement with the media .
santiago , chile cnn a finnish tourist was detained after allegedly stealing a piece of volcanic rock from one of the massive moai statues on easter island .
how does that make hamm feel ?
the taliban military commander said he has readied his military to take on the , strong nato force in afghanistan .
everything was normal , including take off and landing , until the pilots were told the airplane was on fire , china airlines spokesman johnson sun said .
about a dozen relatives of victims attended thursday s court session to get their first look at pichushkin . they must give him life in jail
the spokesman said the taliban leadership council would decide later saturday about the fate of south koreans also kidnapped thursday .
both the sudanese and chadian governments have previously accused one another of fomenting violence in the other s country by giving support to rebel groups .
nearly inches of rain fell in just three hours early monday , submerging the downtown in about feet of water , the local weather service and witnesses said .
we were on the way to school when two men on motorbikes stopped next to us .

david paterson proposes a ipod tax in his first state budget .
a potential third party would not be able to crack the code .
sixty million chinese faced the problem that their names use ancient characters so obscure that computers cannot recognize them and even fluent speakers were left scratching their heads , said li , according to a transcript of the briefing on the government web site www . gov . cn .
it is not focused on commercial ends , but on providing a service to the communities which have never enjoyed a modern communication system , he said , according to the bolivarian news agency .
nader registers percent , and barr gets percent .
the region is about miles south of stuttgart .
insoo kim , , is a typical junior high school student in seoul .
dillon said he was thrilled to be asked by joel .
as many as army soldiers committed suicide in , a jump of more than percent over the year before , officials said thursday .
there is near universal coverage , said praekelt during the launch of the project . and in the absence of other services , the mobile phone has become the central component for people to get access to information .
in a police confession broadcast on ntv television shortly after his arrest last year , pichushkin bragged about what he said was his passion for killing .
i am the man in the tape , health minister chua soi lek said tuesday , referring to dvds that began circulating in his home state last week showing him performing sexual acts with an unidentified woman in a hotel room .
the legislative analyst s office shows the deficit reaching a staggering billion by mid .
prosecutors thursday raided the headquarters of the korea exchange bank keb and the houses of its former executives .
but a state department official said new information indicated the threat was not only against the embassy in yemen but also against u . s . embassies in unspecified gulf states .
i think all of us anticipate that this is a years long process , he said , adding that the coalition members also understand that they have to establish a secure environment in afghanistan in order for the other improvements to take hold .
on a recent hot saturday afternoon , about people were at the beach .
london based human rights group amnesty international denounced the latest executions , saying that president hamid karzai had assured
we don t know yet what caused the collapse .
more than people , including children , have been rescued after working as slaves in brick kilns in central communist china , state media reports .
the pair helped hammer out a free trade agreement with washington .
he was noticed in the late s by beverly sills , then general director of the new york city opera , which hired him .
it is not clear how iraqi courts will attempt to bring the contractors to trial .
bolt is disney s first animated feature since pixar guru john lasseter took over the company s animation division , so it s no surprise the voice cast is loaded with top talent .
zam zam displacement camp , sudan cnn sudan s darfur crisis has exploded on many fronts violence , hunger , displacement and looting but united nations peacekeepers say the biggest issue now affecting the region is the systematic rape of women and children .
at stake in the primaries are democratic delegates and total gop delegates .
ntel corp . , the world s largest chip manufacturer is pulling out of korea .
the president s calling it bold and decisive legislation needed to stabilize the nation s financial system .
those who doubt the apollo moon landings maintained the united states lacked the technology to send humans to the moon and was so desperate to appear to win the space race against the soviet union that it faked the moon mission on movie sets .
this compares with donors per million in britain and per million in america , he added .
cbs news reported monday that a chemistry professor at ohio s ashland university tipped off the agency about the joke teeth after testing a variety of halloween themed items for lead content .
it also might be displayed at mount vernon , washington s former home and slave plantation in virginia .
zhao , if convicted of providing state secrets abroad , faces a minimum of years in jail .
every morning we heard bullets . i thank god we left that place .
but the only major surviving opposition sided tv channel is globovision , which is not seen in all parts of the country .
six decades of single party rule in paraguay came to an end on sunday after colorado party candidate blanca ovelar conceded a loss to former catholic bishop fernando lugo , who claimed the historic win on his promise to help the poor .
hass , , is a former u . s . poet laureate who grew up in san francisco and still lives in the bay area .
president roh moo hyun accepted his resignation , cheong wa dae said .
the daily nk report said the area was put in a state of emergency after the prison break , calling it unprecedented .
but it also has a feeling of victory over death , hirst said as the sparkling skull was unveiled to the public for the first time amid tight security at central london s white cube gallery .
the fbi is contacting more than one million pc owners who have had their computers hijacked by cyber criminals .
sun exposure .
baghdad , iraq cnn the governor of muthanna province in southern iraq was killed by a roadside bomb in the city of samawa monday morning , an official with iraq s interior ministry said .
residents in tongduchon , kilometers north of seoul , are struggling to overcome devastating effects of the u . s . troop redeployment on their livelihood , especially after , soldiers of the nd infantry division transferred to iraq early last month .
but they failed to detonate fully , and no one was injured .
the deal sets out the principles of the coalition government , including a promise that it will respect previous peace deals with israel , delegates said .
it was his eighth goal in champions league appearances .
after sampling its wines , visitors can dine at palladio , barboursville s northern italian restaurant where chef melissa close uses local produce and regional ingredients , such as crab and rockfish from the chesapeake bay .
serious trash talk leading up to thursday night s bcs title game between florida and oklahoma
it s like a mirror that you smash on the floor . then , like a jigsaw puzzle , you try to piece the dna back together , schuster said .
the european union said it would restrict all live animals , fresh meat and milk products from mainland great britain after laboratory results friday confirmed the disease was found in cattle at a farm in surrey county , england .
but this year , evangelical leaders have split over presumptive republican nominee john mccain , who is struggling to mend fences with some evangelical luminaries like james dobson who have expressed disappointment with his selection .
a team at quilmes national university in buenos aires , argentina , came up with the jet lag study , which found that hamsters given the anti impotence drug needed percent less time to recover from a six hour time zone change .
another robots work in surveillance .
nato has repeatedly asked that member nations fill the shortfalls in troops and equipment , as well as loosen restrictions on some forces who are limited in what they can do or where they can go .
the japanese government spent million to million to develop the supercomputer over the past five years .
kim issued a statement yesterday through his secretary , choi kyung hwan .
the package was sent by overnight mail , but did not arrive until wednesday because the address and zip code were wrong .
i was in great shape and ready to go , but i made a huge mistake in the final , he lamented at the time .
the gnp constitution requires the primary to take place sometime in june with some , people participating in the event .
nationwide children under the age of are more likely to be killed by guns today than they were in .
the soundtrack is the insistent chirping of crickets .
chirac , at a news conference later , praised bush for getting
atlantis is on its way after a day voyage into space to service the hubble space telescope one last time .
she s a fighter , obviously , rider said . she fought to stay alive in the car and she s fighting now .
pinheiro said his trip would be somewhat different than gambari s visit because it would involve more fact finding than a dialogue with the authorities .
barry bonds smashed his st career home run in cincinnati , to move within five homers of breaking hank aaron s all time us major league baseball record of .
hong kong cannot afford to let its english continue to slide if it wants to continue as a cosmopolitan , international city . as matters stand , there is that danger , and the government ought to act decisively to reverse the trend .
at stake are delegates .
house speaker nancy pelosi , senate majority leader harry reid , will be getting the details on monday .
with the beijing olympics less than a year away , sports is grabbing greater attention in an already sports crazed country .
new york cnn sony corp . on thursday cut the price of its playstation game console in the u . s . and announced an even cheaper model that will arrive before the holiday shopping season .
holder is said to have accepted if he passes the background check , he would become the first black to head the department .
the shoe intifada in iraq should not be overlooked easily , iran s islamic republic news agency reported ayatollah ahmad jannati as saying friday .
let s get more live now from the ap s sagar meghani
burrell said he suggested to the princess that she wear it on the fourth finger of her right hand , rather than the left , as is customary with engagement rings .
the year midfielder , wearing the captain s armband in his first start for the major league soccer mls club , curved one of his trademark strikes into the top left corner of the net from meters , leaving goalkeeper troy perkins stranded .
in the elections wednesday , the main opposition united democratic party udp failed to secure seats , which are necessary to block the any possible move by the gnp to change the constitution .
representing america s anguish , president bush said tuesday that he prays for comfort for those victimized by the dark turn of the day at virginia tech that turned into the nation s deadliest shooting spree .
scotland s murray added to his victory at the previous masters series event in cincinnati , which helped spur him to reach the final of the u . s . open last month before being beaten by federer .
economists cautioned the incoming administration not to artificially bolster growth to meet a campaign pledge made by president elect lee myung bak .
cooks in aceh province and other regions in the north of sumatra island say they use tiny amounts of crushed marijuana leaves or seeds as a spice in certain dishes .
citigroup and regulators reached agreement early today on a rescue plan for the banking behemoth that was the third try at this .
the surgery to separate lakshmi tatma from her parasitic twin continues , he said , with a team of some surgeons .
deutschneudorf , germany cnn digging will resume tuesday at a site in the southeastern german town of deutschneudorf , where treasure hunters believe there are almost tons of nazi gold and possibly clues to the whereabouts of the legendary amber room , a prize taken from a russian castle during world war ii .
he did , however , leave the door open for a possible trip in the future .
it s not clear to me why i d be apologizing for someone else s remark , obama said , according to his press secretary , dan pfeiffer .
the national eating disorders association notes there has been unprecedented growth of eating disorders in the past two decades .
chinese premier wen jiabao tuesday dismissed the dalai lama s claim of cultural genocide in tibet as lies and blamed supporters of the dalai lama for the violent protests over china s rule of tibet .
the person we believe to be the shooter has died of a self inflicted gunshot wound .
her crew mates tossed snacks of orange pieces at her in the weightlessness of space .
i was feeling shy until she made the birdie on and took the lead , meunier lebouc said .
it is our belief that any job that has the blessings of lord hanuman is bound to be a success , said kangdi .
china s economy is based largely on exports , and with people around the world buying less , they are buying fewer chinese made goods
the international zone , the seat of u . s . power in baghdad known as the green zone , was hit again wednesday by rockets or mortars , the u . s . embassy said .
in just four minutes , he mentioned freedom and liberty seven times .
at least , of the , mammals on earth , or percent , are endangered species , the international union for conservation of nature iucn said at the start of its world conservation congress in barcelona .
both sides came into the game having won their opening matches , although germany had looked far more impressive in seeing off poland than croatia had in defeating austria .
monday brought plenty of corporate news , including aig s loan restructuring , circuit city s bankruptcy and more weakness for the automakers .
the interior ministry did not say the militants would fly aircraft into oil refineries , but it said in a statement that some detainees had been sent to other countries to study flying in preparation for using them to carry out terrorist attacks inside the kingdom , according to ap .
the spokesman , who declined to be named , said the girls would not have to serve the full sentence because they had already spent more than six months in jail .
on sunday , beckham was accused of snubbing a group of child cancer survivors .
they are quite within their rights . but i just wonder if they need it that bad , jim shank said .
on the highest level visit from a western government since the crisis erupted last year , the prime minister also said progress had been made in getting humanitarian aid into darfur , but problems remained to impose security .
historians say that up to , women mostly from korea and china served in japanese military brothels throughout asia in the s and s .
on strike since november , the writers guild of america refused to let union members work on the star studded banquet style show , prompting actors to boycott the ceremony rather than cross picket lines .
the u . s . military has said the delegates iraqi security escorts were carrying pistols and a rifle but had no weapons permits .
a total meltdown would take centuries but global warming , which climate experts blame mainly on human use of fossil fuels , is heating the arctic faster than anywhere else on earth .
it s very tight quarters as the string quartet plays everything from bach and smetana to czech folk favorites and s anti fascism blues .
airlines canceled flights at portland international airport on monday , cnn affiliate katu tv reported .
six people pushed his iron bed on wheels out to the street as a mariachi band played and a crowd gathered to see the man who once weighed , pounds .
americans overseas galvanize for u . s . elections
the dane , who lives in sweden , told a court hearing sunday that he had consumed beers before storming the field .
he published the andromeda strain while he was still a medical student at harvard medical school .
variation in loneliness among people also has an explanation in evolutionary biology .
sen . barack obama leads clinton among all democratic delegates , , to , , in the latest cnn count .
to mark years of smurfdom , organizers are planning everything from a d animation feature film expected to be released next year to new comic book collections .
moss says many of the items in the collection were inspired by clothes in her own closet .
a military option against north korea can be held as a possible card to keep the north from joining the nuclear club , but it seems impossible at the moment for the united states to launch a preemptive attack or surgical strike , experts say .
the obese year old is not known to have had serious health problems in recent years .
with percent of precincts reporting , clinton was leading barack obama by percentage points .
bush and his republican allies in congress call the withdrawal timetable contained in the bill an admission of defeat .
the california governor has said he no longer wants to be honored by graz , where he has been criticized for denying clemency to a death row inmate .
the clinton campaign has been raising million a day since clinton s victories tuesday , a campaign adviser tells cnn .
clinton and her supporters have been pressing for a compromise that seats as many delegates from the two states as possible .
guterres , who attended the briefing for reporters , said that while resettling refugees is very important , providing aid to neighboring countries so that refugees living there temporarily can live dignified lives is also critical .
although still largely undiscovered , irvington revels in its new identity as a destination thanks in part to the tides inn .
a london spokeswoman said the concerns surrounded a four second piece of animation shown at the logo s launch on monday and recorded by broadcasters .
the most fun that i have right now is charles barkley because i can walk around calling people knuckleheads and . . . everybody just laughs .
to have her identified is on the same magnitude as king tut s discovery , molecular biologist paul evans of the brigham young university in provo , utah told the ap by phone . hatshepsut is believed to have stolen the throne from her young stepson , thutmose iii .
but other prohibited items must either be placed in checked baggage , given to someone not traveling or left in a car .
however , the number of crematoria is far short of the demand .
honolulu ap a century ago , ronald moon s grandfathers arrived here from korea facing a future of working in hawaii s sugar cane fields .
president roh broke the decades old mold when he hired south korea s first female justice minister and ministers younger than their deputies .
the year old huntelaar is ajax s captain and under contract until with the amsterdam club .
several countries are producing vaccines to protect against h n , the strain of bird flu responsible for human deaths around the world , around one third of them in indonesia .
the purge has begun .
in august , miners died when two mines flooded in eastern shandong province after heavy rains .
police requested a detention warrant for the suspect yesterday on the charge of arson resulting in casualties .
but there is now a widening rift over decisions regarding sanctions on north korea since the united nations security council resolution on july .
the shutdown comes amid other supply outages that have helped to support oil against a strengthening dollar .
this guy says how can you do anything in grand folks , north dakota when it s below ?
he did not elaborate except to say , she was not taking a particular medication when she was in our custody , and thus her inexplicable deterioration became a great concern .
questions had arisen over how he had died after the americans revealed he had still been alive following the bombing of a safe house by us planes on wednesday .
by , argentine police were using a system that combined scanned fingerprints with digital processing and radio technology to send biometrical information from the police cars to a central database , in order to track down suspected individuals in buenos aires .
it at first seemed like it was calming down today , but then at p . m . athens time it kicked off again , according to joel brown , a cnn senior press officer visiting athens . there are lots of burning bins and debris in the street and a huge amount of tear gas in the air , which we got choked with on the way back to our hotel , he said .
daniel radcliffe , the star of the harry potter movies , will make his broadway debut on september , playing the disturbed stable boy in a revival of peter shaffer s play , equus , it was announced tuesday .
the speed with which this storm is developing is forcing us to react as fast as we can , ranulfo marquez , veracruz s deputy secretary for public safety , told the associated press .
the afghan coalition patrol had been near the same spot , northeast of deh rawod , where more than three dozen insurgents preparing an ambush were killed last week .
by suffering , writes li , he is repaying his debt .
the talks follow three previous meetings between u . s . and iranian officials in baghdad .
flaherty spoke at a news conference in which university provost mark g . mcnamee announced that the slain students will be awarded honorary degrees .
about sheep were euthanized because of poor health , said michael williams , director of the wake county animal care , control and adoption center .
those who have lost their job in this recession will be able to receive extended unemployment benefits and continued health care coverage , while of working americans will receive a tax break beginning april st .
over the past month , the google project s web site received more than . million unique visitors , and its video was watched more than a million times .
in effect , an automaker that files for chapter could eventually wind up going out of business anyway .
and though we used to think that lying in bed made us slothful , in fact sleep is the best diet there is .
after decades of guerrilla warfare against the burmese government , largely funded by his drugs empire , khun sa signed a peace deal in .
a u . n . special envoy will meet myanmar s detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi on thursday , the united nations said , the last day of the envoy s frustrating mission to try to ease the country s political crisis .
at least six other people died and were wounded in the explosion , believed to be from a car bomb , in the seaside neighborhood of manara , according to lebanese security sources .
it was lowe who proposed to ibm s top brass that they build a personal computer made of components provided by outsiders , bucking ibm s long standing practice of using its own hardware and software .
the united states does not mandate military service for its young men .
president hu jintao has wrapped up a rare visit to north korea , the first by communist china s most senior leader since .
the findings were reported by brig . gen . avihai mendelblit on monday .
the year old son of actors john travolta and kelly preston died friday morning after suffering a seizure while vacationing with his family in the bahamas , travolta s attorney told cnn .
a strip of honey colored flypaper spirals down from a thumbtack that anchors its now empty canister .
but beckham won back his place and helped madrid win the spanish league title last season .
meanwhile , hilton s lawyers have filed a notice with the court indicating their intent to appeal the decision .
if you re seeing your grocery bill go up , you re not alone .
president of the national electoral council , tibisay lucena , said the process shows the entire world that we are a democratic country .
the report says the poor will be hardest hit by changes including desertification , drought , and rising sea levels .
also , soldiers said , the people in the car seemed nervous and the groom refused to lift his bride s veil when soldiers asked him to , according to the official .
one theory holds that some of these apparent bird ancestors learned to flap their wings to power flight while they were gliding from tree to tree .
israel s attack on lebanon will not resolve the problems , but will only lead to a vicious cycle of retaliation , they said in a statement .
it was a diver diving into a pool which had multi color ripple effects , the spokeswoman said .
speaking after the meeting , abe told reporters that , japan and china shared the view that a north korean nuclear test is unacceptable .
we have made it clear that if we had intelligence that could have prevented the attacks we would have acted upon it , the spokesman told cnn .
diyala province , north and east of baghdad , is a sprawling district bordering iran with a mixed ethnic and religious population .
the official exchange rate is , .
berlusconi supported the u . s . invasion , despite overwhelming opposition at home .
president barack obama is meeting with congressional leaders from both parties this morning , trying to move along his economic stimulus package .
we have two grills , chairs , umbrellas , they re much easier to take , she told the paper .
people jumped from windows in century old buildings many of the buildings had poor emergency exits and fire security .
this has been a long campaign , and i will be making no decisions tonight , she said .
more than one third of and year old boys surveyed said they had intentionally visited x rated sites in the past year .
south korea pulled out all of its troops from afghanistan late last year after a group of south korean church volunteers were kidnapped by taliban insurgents in july .
when the circadian rhythm is disrupted by traveling across time zones or disrupting sleep during shift work the most common symptoms are insomnia when trying to sleep and excessive sleepiness while trying to remain awake .
new york cnn track star marion jones pleaded guilty friday to lying to a federal investigator about taking banned substances .
park , who has just begun an eight day visit to the united states , pointed to the economic assistance and normalization of diplomatic relations as examples of ways to draw north korea back into the six party talks .
anchorage , alaska cnn more than years ago , rats jumped ship for rat island .
the international olympic committee said earlier this month that it will retest samples from the beijing games for cera .
co founder , jerry yang , who assumed the position in june and has since come under fire for failing to turn around the company .
fears that korean farmers could be harmed by the abolition of rice tariffs led to nationwide protests against trade liberalization over the past few months .
last year , korea paid billion won while a government official said that the u . s . side has indicated it expects the amount to rise next year to about billion won .
didn t you used to be johnny depp ? that will be the clincher .
list prices for the begin at million , although customers typically negotiate discounts .
so we asked her , and three other women s health experts , for their favorite sites on women s health .
pre race favorite vinokourov , a winner in briancon in , burst into tears when he told reporters
washington afp iraqi president saddam hussein said in an interview monday that he has no plans to comply with a u . n . demand that he destroy his banned al samoud missiles .
their may meeting marked the first public and formal talks between u . s . and iranian representatives since the united states cut off diplomatic relations years ago .
president hu was not there to see them as he had already left hong kong for the mainland earlier in the day
if . . . they re not going to offer anything of any value , then i might just take it , he said in one conversation .
iwata in an interview also played down the threat to nintendo s business of a price cut in sony s playstation and the introduction of a thinner playstation portable .
obama picked up a slew of superdelegate endorsements on tuesday .
hawking announced last year that he would step down from his post as lucasian professor of mathematics , a title once held by the great th century physicist isaac newton , at the end of this academic year .
later , at least people died when two car bombs exploded near a shia mosque in the capital , police said .
a judge has barred stern from taking the girl out of that country until a custody ruling is made .
reversing earlier decisions by lower courts , the supreme court on thursday ruled that married women have equal rights with men in sharing the wealth of their paternal families .
engineers are developing a sensor , which detects signals coming from the muscle movements in the cheek and jaw made when people are speaking .
she keeps up with all the latest health news , and a while back , she called her daughter wanting to know whether she should start taking the herb ginkgo biloba .
england snuffed out smoking in bars , workplaces and public buildings on sunday in what campaigners said was the biggest boost to public health since the creation of the national health service in .
beatie spoke to walters about susan s birth , which was not via caesarean section .
all bodies but one were found inside the plane .
us district judge john bates said cheney and the other officials had a right to respond to criticism .
the associated press put the death toll at , making tuesday s attack in baghlan province the deadliest in afghanistan since the taliban was overthrown by a u . s . led coalition in .
sen . hillary clinton claimed victory in ohio , a state considered a must win for her campaign .
the united states is willing to open an office in pyongyang if north korea takes concrete steps of dismantling its nuclear weapons programs , alexander vershbow , washington s top envoy to seoul , said on wednesday .
however , the latest polls show a halt in the decline of lee s approval ratings .
but the u . s . embassy in cairo and a military spokeswoman said they had no reports of casualties , noting that they had accounted for all warning shots fired at the small boat .
interstate remained closed from valdosta , georgia , south to lake city , florida , said col . chris knight , director of the florida highway patrol .
the commission says the ppp people s party led by benazir bhutto until her assassination in december has received seats for the seat national assembly .
the state department considers hamas to be a terrorist organization , and u . s . officials have refused to hold direct talks with it .
papers endorsing john mccain include the arizona republic , which says mccain would be a leader in the tradition of harry truman , with what it calls a noble willingness to stand up and stand alone .
how would the th century russian writer nikolai gogol feel if he knew that a bunch of foreigners were dancing the ymca at a nightclub named after him ?
representatives for labor unions represented in the strike , however , said the strike has merely been suspended .
track cyclist hoy wins top british award
china launches its second manned space shuttle .
i heard some gun shots like from two blocks away , and we turned back around , and they was layin out on the ground .
kim han gill and several other senior party lawmakers tuesday requested that roh focus on reviving the economy and dealing with diplomatic issues , instead of meddling in politics .
and a double murderer who had claimed that he was too fat to be executed humanely has now been put to death in ohio .
more than percent of ukraine s some coal mines are classified as dangerous due to high methane concentrations .
this gotta have it technolust has in turn forced the government to deliver the future .
the inflation surge could complicate government efforts to keep the fast growing economy from overheating .
the proposal is outlined in a classified directive booklet by the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , which was issued after the north s atomic test in october , the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said .
strandings are not uncommon in tasmania , where the whales pass by on their migration to and from antarctic waters .
he is surprised at how far relations have progressed .
in dera ismail khan , a town miles southwest of islamabad where the teenager was arrested , a district police commander said the suspect had made
sen . hillary clinton will narrowly win in indiana , cnn projects , edging out sen . barack obama by a percent margin .
there may be certain kids who have a compulsive component to what they are doing , he said in an interview .
but its critics say it restricts consumers and therefore hinders the growth of legal music uses .
it also reiterates concerns at north korea s abduction of foreigners , referring mostly to kidnapped japanese citizens , and calls for their immediate return .
cnn the overnight long haul doesn t have to be a killer . follow some simple steps to survive the red eye flight .
this time it was a ch sea knight transport helicopter , which came down near baghdad .
the georgia democrat says he was trying to remind americans that toxic language can lead to destructive behavior .
it means i m trying to protect our troops . that s what that means .
president bush s message of goodwill in latin america ran into a wall in guatemala on monday , as his defense of u . s . immigration law met with disapproval from his hosts .
san diego , california cnn there were growing signs of optimism wednesday in the battle against the southern california wildfires the largest natural disaster in the united states since hurricane katrina .
the senate had voted on friday .
once a suspect is secured on the table , interrogators wrap his or her face in a cellophane like material , kiriakou said .
hit by a stronger won and higher prices of raw materials , the country s manufacturing sector shrank . percent in the first quarter , the first negative growth since the first quarter of .
kader is a member of the axis of evil comedy group , a collection of comics with mideast roots who have formed a niche by taking on mideast stereotypes and making subjects such as war , terrorism and suicide bombers funny .
britain s benchmark ftse rose . percent to , . .
shanghai , china cnn chinese energy conglomerate petrochina saw its shares triple in value in its trading debut monday in shanghai following an initial public offering that raised . billion a record for a mainland bourse .
the , local fans in attendance gave cannavaro long applause when he finally exited .
east asia will be the world s fastest growing economic region the world bank says , with growth likely to hit . percent .
elsewhere in iraq , a roadside bomb targeting an iraqi army convoy killed at least two civilians and wounded four others in southeastern baghdad s zafaraniya district about a . m . sunday , according to an interior ministry official .
state officials discovered the presence of the species in may , when an angler caught a suspicious fish and provided a photo for identification .
employed by daewoo , they are working at a thermal power plant construction site , about minutes drive inland from port harcourt in the niger area of the west african nation .
my heart goes out to my friend dr . bruce kennedy and all involved with this terrible incident , he said .
six nation discussions on the north korean nuclear issue are set to resume in beijing during the week beginning august th .
they ve brought an early end to more than one game .
the military also rejected his proposal of a three way meeting with the leaders and ms suu kyi as premature .
jankovic was assured of taking the top ranking monday from serena williams regardless of the outcome of the final .
. women tend to over research
a woman was carrying the equivalent of a pound bowling ball in one arm , and sticks and rocks in another arm to protect herself in this dangerous environment .
the national tax service says it is carrying out tax audits of six foreign funds , including the carlyle group and lone star funds , to check for possible tax evasion .
from our perspective , the security threats that north korea claims to face do not exist or are exceedingly exaggerated , roh said in a meeting with national unification advisory council members at the blue house .
the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by police , but chinese officials put the death toll at .
the brawl broke out when more than members of parliament from the ruling democratic progressive party dpp stormed the speaker s podium .
melbourne , australia cnn police were forced to use pepper spray to subdue three spectators and five were ejected from the grounds at the australian open on tuesday .
an fbi official told cnn sunday that agents were continuing to search multiple locations in the disappearance of jessie davis and that they continue to talk to people involved in the case that may have information that can help the investigation .
everyone is really very shocked , she said .
it s not just that large dogs can be frightening
washington ap nasa released what it called the most vivid snapshot of the infant universe ever taken , capturing such stunning detail that it may be one of the most significant scientific achievements of recent years .
the auto execs were leaning on market research to avoid tough decisions .
lee myung bak s tennis mire is deepening , as more questions continue to arise about his games at a namsan tennis court and who paid for them .
about . million somalis now need assistance more than a third of the country s population , representing a rise of percent since january , according to a may u . n . news release .
the noaa researchers reviewed computer scenarios of the effects of warming on sea ice , used by the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate
after a year long hiatus , oprah s book club is back , and the sales surge that greeted the selection of steinbeck s classic shows she has lost none of her clout with the american public .
security video showed a man , believed to be xue , accompanying the girl in the station then leaving her by an escalator .
it is logically possible for the united states to consider such a measure , he said on condition of anonymity .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s justice minister said a friend of a friend . . . is a member of al qaeda and had entered the country several times , using various passports , an officer of the justice ministry told cnn .
it has not yet been sold outside of the u . s .
the main dow jones index fell . points , or . , to , . .
i am very excited about being in moises new play , fonda said in a statement .
a potentially explosive announcement by the supreme prosecutors office is due on dec .
my commiserations , melinda , cause you are one heck of a singer , said a glum cowell , who covered his face with his hands upon hearing the news .
the g also includes italy , france , germany and britain .
another source , a law enforcement official familiar with the investigation , says federal investigators approached both campaigns with information the u . s . government had about the hacking , and the campaigns then hired private companies to mitigate the problem .
the resignations follow an announcement by the military junta which took over the country last month that members of any party found to have broken electoral laws would be banned from politics for five years .
the year old programming consultant helped create twitpay , a service designed to let people settle casual debts , like splitting a bar tab among friends , using the micro blogging site twitter .
murray s father was an iwo jima survivor .
police at the scene said a suicide car bomber pulled up next to the embassy at about p . m . and detonated explosives .
new york sen . charles e . schumer , a democratic member of the senate judiciary committee , also suggested that a chertoff confirmation hearing would be contentious .
an american , south korean and a bulgarian have been beheaded by a group led by zarqawi .
that climb years ago had a big effect on the way we new zealanders regarded ourselves and our country , prime minister helen clark said at a recent parliamentary reception .
he added , i think it will be a short vacation for mr . laurean .
at least were killed civilians and eight security officers and were wounded in the blast and gunfight in samarra , police said .
david johnson practices computer law in washington , d . c .
the dalai lama underwent the medical examination in the indian capital of new delhi as a follow up to his hospitalization in august in mumbai for abdominal discomfort .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
murray said an official announcement would be made at the steelworkers constitutional convention in las vegas , beginning in june .
they re russians not a military threat , bush told reporters thursday .
cnn turk , citing turkish government and military sources , reported the activity and said it had been taking place since sunday .
violence is creating widows and orphans on a daily basis , many of whom are left to struggle for survival , the report says .
this is the time to want to be president .
a necessary evil , say the cattle ranchers , gold miners and plantation owners .
some protesters threw rocks at the water cannon trucks , but others were urging peaceful demonstrations .
rights groups said several people had been killed in the clashes , though this could not be verified .
even if it was a person s first offense and the offender did not know the prostitute was being controlled by a pimp or had been trafficked .
the people of zahid s village of barnala accused him of writing his own name in copies of the koran in place of the name of prophet mohammad .
neighbors have long complained about the sheep .
senators seemed stunned when the fda s food safety chief told them there is no requirement for food manufacturers or state inspectors to reveal when products are found to have been contaminated by salmonella or other dangerous bacteria .
he returned to south korea in september last year after spending decades in self imposed exile .
content hawks like eisner argued that people pay for entertainment , not distribution
brown says the economy may be down , but spending is up for quick fix cosmetic procedures .
but japanese chief cabinet secretary shinzo abe made clear that the fate of the abductees would top the agenda .
hsbc holdings plc . , the world s fourth largest bank , earlier this month announced its takeover of a majority stake in keb from lone star funds for . billion .
the sale was the first of four approved by the secretariat of cites , which stands for the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora .
the changing of the guard came on the same day that iraq resumed train service from basra to baghdad after a four year hiatus .
london , england cnn benazir bhutto s widower , who now heads her political party , is protecting pakistani president pervez musharraf , despite accusing him for having an indirect role in her assassination last year , a pakistani politician said in a recent interview .
the increased competition has chipped away at disney s lucrative theme park franchise .
stern said the investigation involved games that donaghy , a year nba veteran , worked over the last two seasons .
in addition to attempted kidnapping , nowak was charged with battery and burglary of a vehicle with a weapon .
the plane is set for its first flight this summer and is due to enter into service in .
in a written statement , britain s home office said that even though homosexuality is illegal in iran and homosexuals do experience discrimination , it does not believe that homosexuals are routinely persecuted purely on the basis of their sexuality .
robbie bach , president of microsoft s entertainment and devices division , said the timing of the announcement about the charge for the quarter ending in june and a new extended warranty were unrelated to any potential move by sony .
and on sept . he will have his memoir the age of turbulence
in the first quarter of this year , they delivered jets already .
the united states rebuffed what seemed to be moves by china to get the united states to talk directly to north korea about its nuclear program outside six country negotiations .
they , i think , have rather over interpreted the ioc charter by making all our athletes sign this declaration .
after a month of deadlocked procedural negotiations , north korea and japan resume talks today to establish diplomatic relations .
the waters are receding , but very slowly , said do minh chinh a disaster official in thanh hoa province , where people died .
it is expected to darken prospects for inter korean relations and resolving the international standoff over the north s nuclear issue .
russia warned the united nations and european union tuesday against taking any unilateral steps with kosovo , saying such action would create a destructive precedent .
however , vitamin d behaves like a hormone in the body , relaying chemical messages something no other vitamin does .
it is also becoming an increasingly popular destination for chinese tourists .
thousands more many of them monks were thought to have been detained .
this show followed two international space fashion shows in japan and the u . s .
london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he does not plan to boycott august s olympic opening ceremonies in beijing or the torch relay in london this weekend .
the protesters tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of medan and ripped down a flag , said dutch embassy spokeswoman gonneke de ridder .
we made a terrible start to the match and they started very well , inter coach mancini told rai television . roma probably had more incentive than us .
the two koreas remain technically at war although they signed a nonaggression treaty in .
an s p index that looks at big cities nationwide shows they tumbled by more than in the year ending in november .
hong and lee kun hee , samsung group s chairman , are brothers in law and both involved in the prosecution s x file probe of wiretapped conversations in which samsung group discussed illegal political funding of lee hoi chang , a presidential candidate , ahead of the election .
the korea times reports the th round of the future of alliance policy initiative talks , which began in to reshape the half century military alliance , is drawing attention as it comes amid the u . s . move to realign its forces on the world s last cold war frontier .
if demand doesn t pick up again , i would have to say no , it s certainly not going to survive in the size that it is now .
doctors on wednesday said ramos horta who won a nobel peace prize for his nonviolent campaign against the year occupation was stable and recovering well from gunshot wounds , but remained in extremely serious condition at an australian hospital .
according to the big brother web site , there had been growing tensions between the two .
the london based human rights group amnesty international found in a report that workers from myanmar take jobs that thais consider too dirty , dangerous or demeaning , the ap reported .
blasphemy is punishable with lashes under islamic sharia law , britain s press association news agency reported .
the housekeeper went to tell him the masseuse had arrived and found him dead on tuesday afternoon .
these companies , greenpeace said , are complicit in the expansion of palm oil at the expense of indonesia s peatlands .
she stayed aggressive , said zvonareva , who last qualified for the championships in . in the second and third , she was dictating .
clashes over bread in egypt killed at least two people last week , and similar food riots broke out in burkina faso and cameroon this month .
six percent of those questioned in a survey of , patients admitted they had resorted to self treatment using pliers and glue , the uk s press association reported .
there was no immediate reaction from beijing .
in the struggle against terrorism , and pledged to work with the international community to fight terrorism .
eia said the forecast for oil use growth worldwide in was unchanged at . million barrels per day .
we welcome the release of idris osman , and are pleased that he will be reunited with his family , sheeran said in a statement released by the wfp s rome based headquarters .
kathmandu , nepal cnn
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad accused the united states of applying a double standard in dealing with terrorism by its lack of action against kurdish rebels who launch attacks against turkey from northern iraq .
the bush administration hopes to resettle about , iraqi refugees to the united states this year , the state department said wednesday .
the books we used in two previous trips to italy carry nary a mention of the city . our last trip was centered in the piedmont region around turin and we decided to add genoa and the italian riviera .
pichushkin scowled as he was brought into moscow city court under heavy guard for a preliminary hearing at which he opted to be tried by a jury , instead of a panel of judges .
my decision is a very political decision . i want to get people in this country off their dependency on foreign oil , said fenske , , who lives at the copper mountain ski resort near frisco , colorado .
we have decided , while negotiations are under way . . . to prepare for eventual sanctions outside the united nations , which would be european sanctions , he said .
ibex will let us visualize our home in the galaxy for the first time and explore how it may have evolved over the history of the solar system , mccomas said on the space agency s web site .
in the democrats weekly address , obama promises programs that would generate . million jobs in two years .
when maureen reagan first noticed a spot on the back of her right thigh about five years ago , she wasn t too concerned .
wie never missed the cut in her four previous u . s . women s opens .
the heat became first defending champion since the san antonio spurs in to be eliminated in the first round .
elbow beach on the south shore , which was named best place for falling in love by the bermudian magazine .
hamas , which currently controls gaza , opposed negotiations and supports continued armed resistance against israel .
to establish the asian regional headquarters for the asset management division of its subsidiary , prudential international investments .
among the dead was the local head of the brigades of th revolution , a former sunni insurgent group that is now an ally of the u . s . military .
traditionally , the torch relay has been a chance for the international olympic committee and host country to highlight the positive ideals of the olympic movement .
it said it extended the window for the giveaway from to hours , added a toll free line to handle consumer requests for the coupons and set up an interactive voice recorder to accept coupon requests .
world stock markets were shaken thursday as problems facing the ailing u . s . economic juggernaut continued to send ripples of fear through investors .
predatory mice are critically threatening the albatross population on a remote south atlantic island and have caused the birds worst nesting season on record , a british bird charity said thursday .
this was further evidenced by super bowl champions new york giants playing a regular nfl season game against the miami dolphins at wembley stadium in london , but the nba s leaked plans go far beyond that .
even before the iaea report was issued , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said the u . s . and its allies would use the security council and other available channels to bring tehran back to negotiations over its nuclear program . watch rice explain how the u . s . is open to talks
this pattern is common in islamic extremist groups , which to carry out an attack usually send in the suicide bombers shortly before it will occur , the judge wrote .
instead , work today has become more central than ever to people s lives , providing personal fulfillment and a sense of community , as well as a paycheck .
i don t want our country to be treated like that , she said .
it s totally unacceptable to keep occupation forces there forever , he added .
on the morning of the wedding , the bridesmaids and i are going to be walking to the church .
rove , who has held a top position in the white house since bush took office in january , is to stand down on august .
london , paris and frankfurt were off more between . and percent at the close despite the bank of england and european central bank cut interest rates by . and . percent respectively .
including the atlantis , the palm , a sister to the atlantis resort in the bahamas .
the federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives is working with local police and fire on the investigation .
ian hume , emeritus professor of biology at sydney university , said he and his researchers also found that the amount of toxicity in the leaves of eucalyptus saplings rose when the level of carbon dioxide within a greenhouse was increased .
the decision follows moscow s refusal to hand over the former kgb agent accused of murdering alexander litvinenko in london last year .
sudan ali ahmed , the head of the mogadishu based elman human rights group , accused the rebels of using civilians has human shields , while the transitional government s ethiopian allies shelled residential neighborhoods with tanks and artillery .
during the minute meeting , the two leaders are said to have also talked about a free trade agreement fta between the two sides to promote bilateral trade .
gasoline prices still heading south
beatie was born a woman but underwent hormone therapy before he was legally declared a man .
a powerful quake tore into a rural area of coastal central japan on sunday , killing at least one person as it toppled aging farmhouses and temples , set off landslides and caused a small tsunami .
keanu reeves doesn t owe photog anything
it is the first time the beijing regime has sent back north koreans who sought asylum at international schools .
tests of those who were in contact with the woman were negative for bird flu , the who said .
michelle palmer , , and vincent acors , , were sentenced last week after a court found them guilty .
i ve personally never seen anything like this all these animals , the sheer volume all waiting for food from the current , expedition member and marine biologist dr . mireille consalvey said monday . it challenged what we as scientists thought we knew .
los angeles , california cnn an oscars contingency plan that would include history , film clips and out of the ordinary concepts for the awards show is in the works , academy president sid ganis told the associated press on wednesday .
we want to keep the opening concert the following april exactly as solti had planned it .
who is going to be the next u . s . ambassador to seoul ?
fog rolled in to santa barbara , bringing moisture to the air and making it more difficult for the fire to spread , and hopefully the firefighters here ?
in the case of someone who is not in the terminal stages of illness , a third medical opinion must be sought .
clinton recently has fended off calls from prominent obama supporters including sen . patrick leahy of vermont to drop out of the race .
obama s projected victory followed wins in saturday s louisiana primary and democratic caucuses in nebraska , washington and the u . s . virgin islands .
doing a genre novel or several at once , as the yiddish policeman s union is part detective story , part alt history , part modern jewish folktale
a construction worker was killed when the storm s winds knocked down scaffolding , taiwan s disaster relief center said .
russian officials have said they believe more than million people were victims of communist purges before stalin s death .
the xinjiang autonomous region in northwestern china is home to about million people , most of them muslims and other minorities .
the u . s . military in japan has charged a marine with rape and other violations of the uniform code of military justice in the alleged sexual assault of year old girl in okinawa .
berkshire s subsidiaries include insurance , clothing , furniture , natural gas , corporate jet and candy companies .
the paris conference focuses on short term priorities for the palestinians , and french president nicolas sarkozy said those include providing immediate support for the palestinian people particularly those living in gaza and stabilizing the palestinian economy .
mccain is the presumptive nominee for his party , but he must pick up , delegates to seal the nomination .
how much is being held in savings and what s the plan for the rest ?
south korea s main opposition grand national party chairwoman park geun hye called on the united states yesterday to initiate more concrete and realistic proposals to persuade north korea to return to multinational disarmament talks .
the arrested french nationals include six members of zoe s ark and three french journalists , vincent said .
the hwaseong plant , which represents percent of kia s total output , stopped operations after about workers , including parts suppliers dispatched to work in the plant , occupied the painting and polishing lines .
bush , in his taped weekly radio address , said president pervez musharraf recognized the failings of the north waziristan agremeent and was taking action .
still others have sets that receive analog broadcasts as a complement to cable , satellite or digital sets in the same household .
the labyrinth of narrow streets lives in nearly perpetual shadow as year old buildings lean in until they almost meet .
after the close , starbucks reported weaker earnings and higher revenue , both of which missed estimates .
korean government refers , north korea is a brother and u . s . is an ally .
a civic group said yesterday it has discovered illegal or unfair share transactions committed by affiliates of chaebol , or family controlled conglomerates , in the past years .
interior ministry spokesman khalaf told the station by phone that a source close to the al qaeda leader informed mosul police that al masri would be at a house in the city s wadi hajar area at midnight wednesday .
we re hearing now that us missiles have hit an alleged taliban training facility in south waziristan tribal region , and people are dead , according to our intelligence sources .
he was known for conducting nearly all of the premiere performances of his works .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan has entered an era of real democracy according to president pervez musharraf , who said sunday that he hoped the incoming government would maintain the pace of growth the nation has enjoyed .
meanwhile , the philippine national red cross was preparing in full force for typhoon mitag s arrival , benjamin delfin of the red cross told cnn .
cnn u . s . military planners quietly have stepped up a review of alternatives in case the turkish government restricts u . s . access to turkish airspace or cuts off access to the air base at incirlik , turkey , cnn has learned .
boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world .
one of the customs of the holiday is to give gelt , or coins , to children , and the archaeologists are referring to the find as hanukkah money .
the documentary draws on james earl ray s personal hand written account at the time , which describes how he purchased his white mustang and the rifle left
the fire was visible from across the river on the east bank of the tigris .
members of congress from both side of the aisle are raising questions about the billion plan .
he said the pair will appeal the verdict .
peter s square for his traditional noontime blessing that he would travel to holy land to retrace the steps of jesus christ in a pilgrimage , and use his voyage to pray for peace and unity for the middle east and the whole of humanity .
a key sunni ally of the us and iraqi governments has been killed in a bomb attack in the iraqi city of ramadi .
we must condemn the bad actions of terrorists , and the sons of all tribes must come together and forgive each other , shekti said . we need to work for reconciliation .
we have our mercenary reasons , of course , you know .
we have an opportunity for her to kind of step back and think about the message she wants to deliver . so she s really working on it as we speak .
the national front s loss raised questions about the future of its party leader , prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi .
today , she is recovering from a successful kidney transplant thanks to her local starbucks barista .
i was like a bad kid running around with add .
attacks using homemade bombs in business disputes or personal grudges are reported frequently in china , where most gun ownership is illegal but explosives are widely available .
around people attacked the al furqon mosque about a . m . , damaging a nearby school , police said .
eurocopter , a subsidiary of european aeronautic defense and space co . , beat u . s . helicopter maker bell and british italian joint firm agustawestland .
it was the second time bush met with north korean defectors since last june when he invited kang chul hwan to the oval office .
hillary clinton and barack obama both called for an end to a bitter fight in a racially charged debate that has roiled the democratic presidential contest over the last few days .
wednesday s strike started with fighting between gunmen and iraqi national police guarding the site .
the smiley award , sponsored by yahoo inc . , carries a cash prize .
thousands of south koreans have joined anti war protests in seoul and other major cities in recent days .
the ambassador from singapore tried to defuse the anger aimed at myanmar , urging those in the special session not to politicize the situation .
the still abducted israeli soldier , cpl . gilad shalit , was a key part of the interview , and meshaal was more than willing to talk about him .
it denies the ruling people s action party the guaranteed victory it has enjoyed in the last three polls .
it referred to cocaine use , with armisen saying he became governor because of a sex scandal i was miraculously not at the center of .
this year has seen tremendous work from actress sarah polley , making her writing and directing debut at just with the stirring alzheimer s drama away from her .
his youth , personal history and message of a new politics has fused with the historical moment to create someone larger than life , says the artist s dossier about the work , titled expectation .
given the employment numbers that we re seeing , the economy is going to contract a great deal in the fourth quarter .
cnn google co founder sergey brin has paid million to secure a seat on a russian soyuz spacecraft , officials said wednesday .
and cent picked up a , diamond encrusted watch at caesars .
china is extending a ban that virtually locks out all foreign cartoons from airing between p . m . to p . m . in a bid to protect its fledgling domestic cartoon industry .
a shuttle program source told cnn the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation .
since no pottery vessel was discovered adjacent to the hoard , we can assume that it was concealed inside a hidden niche in one of the walls of the building .
the center of the building has been largely rebuilt to include a new grand staircase and a skylight .
the bush family shared their eight years at the white house with a cat , a feisty english springer spaniel and two scottish terriers
but one downside is edwards relative lack of experience .
the year old djokovic had not lost a set in six matches including his stunning success against hat trick chasing holder roger federer in the semifinals .
local of the international alliance of theatrical stage employees said producers walked out of the weekend negotiations late sunday after telling the stagehand representatives that what the union had offered was simply not enough .
i was blown away . it came out of the clear , blue sky just like an asteroid .
separately , police said bullet riddled bodies were found by iraqi police across the capital on sunday .
the woman has been the only witness through nearly three days of trial .
greenspan , who some analysts say did not do enough to control financial institutions during his two decade tenure , made his comments in prepared testimony to the house of representatives oversight and reform committee .
labs were looking for an efficient test , but the fully validated test was not available until very recently , she said .
south koreans showed a willingness to do so as they voted for lee myung bak whose platform aims at revitalizing the economy , said the concurrent chairman of the dubai international financial center authority .
the team , which has slipped to eighth place in the premier league after a poor run of results , plays tottenham on sunday .
but ashton , who was criticized in dallaglio s recent autobiography , is expected to favor younger players as he begins rebuilding the team .
north korean prime minister kim yong il will spend three days in the south korean capital , seoul , in discussions with counterpart han duck soo .
i ve always loved to sing and i ve always loved music and listened to lots of music and all kinds of music .
poland and ukraine s preparations to jointly host the finals of the european championship appear to be back on track .
jesu has been leading tours of pompeii for nearly years and on this hot summer morning , he has brought his teenage daughter along to help our big group of families .
the car inexplicably left the roadway , jumped a median and crashed into a palm tree just east of downtown , shelor said . it destroyed the car , he said .
as he presented the medal , bush hailed the nobel peace prize winner as a universal symbol of peace and tolerance .
two recent outbreaks one involving peanut butter , the other involving tomatoes and hot peppers have put the agency on the spot , so the fda has asked the pentagon , homeland security , agriculture , and the cdc to lend a hand .
however , he had to be withdrawn in march after his secret deployment was revealed in a media report .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
he cannot speak or move .
up against a march deadline , roh is facing huge resistance to the negotiations from civic groups that once formed the base of his support .
posters respond to the latest celebrity gossip with mockery or worse .
also last month , google took a big step to unify its different categories of internet search for images , news , books , web sites , local information , video in one service .
but amid the bleak toll , survival stories emerged . rescuers pulled at least people alive from debris .
some of the other swimmers looked back to see the victim up out of the water flailing , and he was pulled back under the
her father , ikufumi yamada , and grandmother traveled from japan to pick her up and take her to her new home .
nasr was allegedly transferred by vehicle to the aviano air force base near venice and then by air to the ramstein air base in germany and on to egypt , where critics say he was tortured .
he was pronounced dead just before midnight thursday at a home in the las vegas suburb of henderson , authorities said .
real reportedly set to sign m huntelaar
the us imposed sanctions targeting burma s military leaders and called on china , one of burma s closest partners , to put more pressure on the country .
for european tours , the demand and , therefore , the price spikes in late spring and early fall .
another of the injured , modou mbengue from senegal , underwent an operation on his left forearm .
he was called up during the korean conflict in before retiring as a sergeant , his daughter said .
purchases of private airliners have hit record highs , with manufacturers set to deliver more than , planes in , and industry experts predicting sales of about billion over the next decade .
white first heard the music from his japanese grandmother , who moved to the united states with her army husband after world war ii .
huh apologized for the deaths on tuesday morning but said he would not step down , and he repeated that statement after president roh moo hyun apologized to the nation later the same day for the deaths .
a saudi adviser to saudi arabia s oil ministry said there was no link between the explosion and the opec summit .
pairing up bluetooth devices is a laborious process that requires as many as steps .
hilton will stay in a unit that contains two person cells reserved for police officers , public officials , celebrities and other high profile inmates .
london , england cnn amy winehouse and paul mccartney set their recent troubles aside to steal the show wednesday at the brit awards , the british music industry s most prestigious prizes .
i m involved in a different kind of campaign , not for myself not as a candidate , but to change people s minds about the most dangerous crisis we ve ever faced , and the greatest set of opportunities we ve ever confronted to solve this climate crisis , he told cnn s larry king on thursday .
created by scientists at the u . s . national security agency , the clipper chip would let users encode telephone , computer transmissions , and other communications devices while allowing law enforcement agencies to decode them .
though members of team obama are struggling to order supplies and figure out the intercom , they got the white house website switched over within minutes of the president s swearing in .
a strict curfew was extended indefinitely in the iraqi capital sunday as the death toll mounted from clashes between government troops and shiite muslim militants .
the california supreme court struck down the state s ban on same sex marriage as unconstitutional in a may ruling , clearing the way for the state to become the second to legalize such marriages .
russia has refused , citing its constitution , which forbids the extradition of russian citizens .
korean government is going to change its attitude toward dokdo problems .
in ordering pichushkin to receive compulsory psychiatric therapy , the judge said the defendant has a mental disorder but is still sane and cannot avoid responsibility for his crimes .
japan has refused to provide aid until pyongyang fully accounts for the abductions of japanese citizens by north korea .
murrow this instrument can teach , it can illuminate , yes , and even it can inspire .
so perhaps it s best we begin when jack was first introduced to whiskey , which we know was early in life .
last year s wave of new virus attacks could be duplicated this year .
prime minister tony blair said on wednesday britain would respond to the captors of hostage kenneth bigley in iraq if they made contact with his government .
another breaking story now
we had a spotter who watched the tornado form and dissipate in minutes , said west plains emergency management coordinator kent edge .
while saddam challenged the court s authority during his court session , many of his former lieutenants addressed the judge politely .
bradford leads the nation , touchdowns throwing for , yards , only interceptions .
the u . s . million global hawk can fly at an altitude of kilometers . miles for up to hours to provide high resolution , near real time imagery of large geographic areas .
secretary general ban ki moon guided a conference of donor nations in myanmar on may .
then brigadier general janis karpinsky was demoted to colonel after the abu ghraib abuses became public .
more than a hundred firefighters poured water on the more than year old structure , trying to save it .
unlike in london , where he stands along with major world leaders , hitler s likeness in berlin will be hunched over a desk in a dimly lit bunker , she added .
real david frost remembers fascinating nixon
katharine and her father missed a connecting flight and had to drive part of the way to vermont .
some companies advertise peak season prices and discount off season prices .
this particular section of freeway was under repair , minneapolis fire chief jim clack said .
he deals with victims in darfur , where more than , people have died and . million have been uprooted in years of conflict .
i ve tried to put it in a museum setting , and i ve created very large scale sculptures that are on tour for the next couple of years .
what we need to do is examine
police cautioned that the numbers could rise .
paulson had spearheaded the effort to find wolfowitz s successor .
hill went into the geneva discussions insisting that pyongyang fully reveal all details of its nuclear weapons program .
police are reportedly investigating if the australian actor , who earned an oscar nomination for brokeback mountain , died of a drug overdose .
people there never saw this happen in a divorce . it is very interesting for them .
thousands of french police were expected to protect the olympic torch relay monday as it departs from the eiffel tower and crisscrosses paris amid threat of protests , news services reported .
there will also be four moments of silence to mark the times when each plane hit the towers and the times that each tower fell .
the window of time allows anyone who objects to the divorce
in the u . s . the dow jones industrial average , the standard poor s index and the nasdaq composite all declined between and according to early tallies at the close of trading after poor retail and job figures .
bush noted that arlington national cemetery holds the bodies of seven generations of americans , including , from the civil war , , from world wars i and ii , and , from the korean and vietnam wars .
it will also also require a determination to defeat those who are committed to violence and who refuse to accept the basic right of the other side to exist .
we consider the parties which propagate the lie of the rape responsible for this massacre , the statement added .
and an angel still rides in the whirlwind and directs this storm .
the suspects , whose identities were not known , boarded the train
police say they have not been able to identify the to year old boy , nor do they have a preliminary autopsy report as to how he died .
the two koreas remain in a technical state of war because their conflict ended in an armed truce that has not been replaced by a peace treaty .
president barack obama meets with the israeli president at the white house today .
cnn the defense for former astronaut lisa nowak has filed notice that it may claim she was temporarily insane when she accosted a romantic rival and shot pepper spray at her , court documents say .
pirates have freed a taiwanese vessel and its crew , kidnapped almost six months ago off the coast of somalia .
this vote marks a new chapter in our nation s year experiment with capital punishment , said richard dieter , executive director of the death penalty information center , which opposes executions .
wrestler banned following olympic protest
the council issued three demands to iran last december freeze uranium enrichment , stop building heavy water facilities and fully cooperate with the iaea .
markus groh an austrian lawyer died after being gnawed during a dive led by jim abernethy s south florida company .
the who were kept in custody include eight pakistani nationals and two indian nationals who are muslim .
what particularly troubles peiser is that scientists only first spotted yb in early december .
they subsequently killed two male hostages , and freed two women .
the alternate service term will be months compared to the months of military service , which will be shortened to months in .
all survivors have been taken off the bridge , said minneapolis police chief tim dolan during a news conference wednesday night .
demand evaporated for electronics and semiconductor chips , key drivers of economies such as south korea , taiwan , singapore .
religious experts say he may be something much more dangerous , a cult leader who really believes he is god .
but they accounted for only . percent of the . million eligible voters , short of the percent needed for the vote to count .
in , irish year olds were among the top performers in an international league table of literacy standards compiled by the organization for economic cooperation and development .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in september , north korea committed to abandoning its nuclear program in exchange for aid and security guarantees .
wen is the first chinese prime minister to visit japan in seven years .
yang is one of yahoo s directors and has been trying to engineer a turnaround since taking the job of ceo months ago .
while teens who take virginity pledges do delay sexual activity until an average age of compared to about age for the average american teen , the reason for the delay is more likely due to pledge takers religious background and conservative views
the series , which is one of the highest rated on the nickelodeon channel , earned an emmy nomination in for outstanding children s program .
in washington , president george w bush said mujahir would be on our list to bring to justice , during talks on iraq with military and diplomatic planners .
one out of every seven democratic party voters was not registered as a democrat at the beginning of the year , and percent of them cast their ballot for obama , according to the exit polls .
after the shooting on monday , bush expressed shock and sadness about the killings .
theophane nikyema , u . n . humanitarian coordinator for uganda , said the money will help address the devastation left behind by the rising tide of water .
the issue of a treaty suggests that we should pay something right now for their misbehavior , secretary of state colin powell said .
china s is rapidly extending its military reach and could pose a threat across asia , a pentagon report warns .
the package will partly nationalize banks in an effort to restore stability .
they re also waiting to hear from the fed chairman ben bernanke is scheduled to speak at a convention of independent community bankers .
the ministry released a plan for the base relocation after months of negotiations with the united states .
sarkozy , currently on a state visit to china , had urged residents monday to cool down and let the justice system determine who is responsible for what .
two toddlers who wandered away from home while their teenage baby sitter slept accidentally drowned in a nearby pond in northwestern pennsylvania , officials said .
the fed said damage from the housing slump and problems in the credit markets will slow economic growth to between . percent and percent this year , down from a previous forecast for gdp growth of between . percent and . percent .
choung s stance on the judicial reform plan came a day after the uri party announced a draft bill to give police greater freedom to conduct criminal investigations with less control from the prosecution .
claudia alta taylor johnson , the widow of former us president lyndon b johnson , has died at the age of .
her children convinced her otherwise .
at least of the victims , who range in age from less than year to years , have been hospitalized , an official with the centers for disease control and prevention told reporters on a conference call .
somali prime minister nur hassan nur ade had no immediate comment on the latest fighting , the latest in a lengthy insurgency against his government and its ethiopian backers .
but his initial denial of serving in the german army unit and then assertions that he and fellow austrians were only doing their duty led to international censure and a decision by washington to place him on a watch list of persons prohibited from visiting the united states .
it s comforting to know that there is a place on earth so isolated that it remains the absolute realm of wild nature , said expedition leader bruce beehler .
although all of her characters are fictional , bushnell said each one is based on a common type of person .
did you see the old video of john f . kennedy on nbc news last night ?
we re excited since this is the first time we have issued a prediction that an object will enter earth s atmosphere .
any reading below percent indicates that the manufacturing sector is contracting .
president bush has authorized federal aid by declaring a state of emergency in new hampshire and massachusetts .
a potential rift between afghan president hamid karzai , the u . s . , and its nato allies .
even more , beta carotene , vitamin a , and vitamin e seem to increase mortality , according to the researchers .
edwards dropped out of the democratic race in late january after poor showings in the early contests , in which he racked up just delegates to the party s august nominating convention in denver .
he said he has lived abroad in japan and knew immediately what it was , but felt that a lot of those in england didn t really know what was going on .
during his first campaign trip this weekend , the illinois senator told a crowd in iowa we now have spent billion and have seen over , lives of the bravest young americans wasted . watch obama announce his candidacy
its name derives from the rocky ridge on which it stands , which is known as cimbronium .
wall e is a solar powered garbage drone , the last one still operating on an abandoned toxic planet that looks an awful lot like well , is earth .
the plane involved in wednesday s crash was about years old , according to a garuda airlines spokesman .
the victory means the blues are now unbeaten in consecutive league games at stamford bridge and they remain in third place four points behind the top two .
the ap has obtained a copy of his convention confession .
the most controversial of the images , which appear in the june issue of vanity fair , is the classic , guess what i just did pose , showing miley apparently topless , with a silk bedsheet gathered around her chest , her hair and lipstick mussed .
in an effort to isolate iran diplomatically , britain has appealed for support from both the european union and u . n . security council .
early friday the court rejected requests made by the prosecution a day earlier for arrest warrants for lone star officials ellis short , lone star vice chairman michael thomson , general counsel paul yoo , lone star advisors korea president and steven lee , former head of the fund s korean unit .
the next morning is cool and gray .
after taking those measures , we were able to raise supply by . million kilowatts , the official said .
close to shots were fired .
you know the afghan tradition we are going to buy sheep to slaughter them and to give to the poor to celebrate their homecoming , wahab said .
we can do things which will be devastating .
seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after violence flared before the champions league draw against roma in italy .
the contract provided what we wanted and we are officially signed up and our lawyers have told us that the mayweather camp have also signed , ray hatton was quoted as saying by the bbc .
sen . hillary clinton s aides blasted sen . barack obama s campaign monday after a major obama supporter referenced the blue dress at the heart of former president bill clinton s impeachment scandal .
it was unclear whether petrie was given a deadline to leave the country .
bush mismanages the war on terror .
zoellick proposed an action plan to boost long run agricultural production .
responding to a question about pyongyang s latest statement that it was abandoning talks over its development of nuclear arms , the former president called the announcement unexpected and said that in light of international expectations the north s action was problematic .
william harding , who witnessed the crash from another one two go aircraft that had landed just five minutes before , said he saw flames engulf the plane .
in practice this is unsatisfactory .
the inquest required by british law when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown causes had been delayed for years because of the two exhaustive investigations by french and british police .
cnn an italian artist missing for nearly two weeks while on a tour to promote peace has been found dead in turkey , her web site and turkish media outlets reported saturday .
it had been widely expected that the new ceiling would be around percent , leaving private moneylenders scrambling to understand what happened .
high level economic talks in beijing brought together the largest number of cabinet officials from the two countries since they opened diplomatic ties years ago .
he s hit point zero , martin s son and project coordinator , borut strel , said by telephone from the amazon saturday , the world s second longest river after the nile . there will be a ceremony sunday in belem , but he finished today .
officers at the scene found a usable amount of a drug tentatively identified as cocaine , mccann said . he declined to say where the drug was found other than to say lohan was not carrying it .
it s midweek of super bowl and two question marks remain
it was then that rowling began writing the first harry potter book , which was eventually published in .
he s done , said steve tsang , director of the asian studies center of st .
the mission claimed that the timing of kim s visit to taiwan was sensitive .
he was then contacted while on his honeymoon in italy last week by cdc officials and asked to turn himself over to italian health authorities , he told the newspaper .
in paris , french foreign minister philippe douste blazy declined to comment on the video , saying the footage was being analyzed .
the international monetary fund said last month inflation may reach , percent by year end .
the chinese have responded to past reports by saying they pose no threat and accusing the us of seeking excuses to sell weapons to taiwan .
lawmakers and representatives of the federation of korean seafarers visited the prime minister s office yesterday to urge a quick resolution to a standoff that began may th when sailors , including four south koreans , were taken by somali pirates miles northeast of mogadishu , the capital of somalia .
the report also found that while crew members were wearing their pressurized suits , one astronaut did not have on a helmet , three were not wearing gloves and none lowered the visors before the module lost cabin pressure .
after an emergency session , it also called on burma s generals to allow a special un envoy into the country .
more than , damaged and destroyed villages will be visible , as will the remnants of more than , homes , schools , mosques and other structures destroyed by the janjaweed militia and sudanese forces .
the wfp said pyongyang significantly cut the u . n . group s operations in . before the cut , the program had been assisting more than million north koreans
los angeles county sheriff lee baca , who was responsible for deciding to release her to home confinement , told reporters friday night , the purpose of the release was the fact that her medical condition was deteriorating .
the congress , held once every five years , is a crucial test of strength for president and party leader hu jintao .
the illegal trade in conflict diamonds sometimes known as blood diamonds has fueled and funded wars in africa , killing thousands in angola , sierra leone , liberia and the democratic republic of the congo .
but three hours after the quake , tsunami alerts were scaled down .
an asteroid that could pulverize a country zipped close by the earth last monday , only weeks after astronomers first noticed the big space boulder heading in our direction .
in his weekly radio and internet address , the president says his billion recovery plan would put millions of people to work on repairing the country s crumbling infrastructure .
aig says it was contractually required to pay out the money .
however , he returned inside after appearing on his porch and waving and accepting gifts from his supporters .
wednesday s spacewalk fell on the eve of the th anniversary of the launch of nasa s first satellite , explorer .
wie has not made the cut in eight tries on the pga tour , where she twice shot in the sony open to set the record for lowest score by a female competing against the men .
it s a gentleman by the name of carl allen , who has kind of stopped living .
incomplete returns showed the ppp running strong in its traditional provincial strongholds of sindh and baluchistan , pakistani television reported .
a vision of america where growth is not based on real estate bubbles or over leveraged banks , but on a firm foundation of investment in energy , education and health care .
but the dogs enthusiasm waned when they saw other dogs being rewarded but received nothing themselves .
the computers watched to see if any of the stars got brighter for a period of one to four months .
dunkin donuts to ensure that no coffee lover is denied a delicious espresso based beverage announced that it will offer small lattes , cappuccinos or espresso drinks for a promotional price of cents on tuesday from p . m . to p . m .
the groups , including the country s largest environmental organization , the korean federation for environmental movement , issued a joint release saying the canal plan should be left to the voters to decide through a national referendum .
the pirates left the ching fong hwa in skiffs that took them to shore , said cmdr . lydia robertson of the u . s . fifth fleet in bahrain .
electoral commission officials announced friday neither mugabe nor tsvangirai won a simple majority in march , making a runoff necessary .
sydney , australia cnn in a rare public exchange highlighting the delicacy of political diplomacy , president bush told south korean president roh moo hyun a formal end to the korean war begins when north korea halts its secretive nuclear weapons program .
interior minister nicolas sarkozy had told deputies france was facing one of its sharpest and most complex urban crises , which required firmness .
the rally came on the day her latest detention period was due to expire .
a seoul court rejected civil suits filed by a group of lung cancer patients who have waged a seven year battle against the nation s tobacco maker , citing a lack of evidence to prove the correlation between smoking and lung cancer .
in chronic water shortages will affect about of the world s population in about countries , according to the world bank .
zoellick left the government last year to join investment bank goldman sachs .
my idea of a win win is you keep the paperwork that says you won and let us keep the money so i can take care of my wife , he said .
with considerable increases in the price of gasoline and food , life for low income households is becoming more difficult .
according to the national emergency management agency , four mountain climbers died at about noon yesterday near the top of yonghyeolbong , a peak on mount bukhan in the city of goyang , gyeonggi .
the hoopla could not camouflage a basic fact about the american car market , however
the world sailor of the year award is a massive honor for a sailor , it s huge .
mount pleasant , a town of about , , is located about miles north of lansing , michigan .
to think they are in good , loving homes and they have been rescued from a difficult racing life that s a positive thing , said daphna nachminovitch , a peta spokeswoman .
also , the state department imposed travel restrictions against the same junta leaders .
tetsuya shiroo , a senior member of yamaguchi gumi , japan s largest organized crime syndicate , was wrestled to the ground by officers after the attack and arrested for attempted murder , police said .
student groups also discussed ways to participate in the protest , while religious leaders released a group statement denouncing the assembly s passage of the impeachment motion .
kim was kept under house arrest and in prison for several years after that , but re entered politics as south korea moved from military rule to democracy .
african paradise , which sells jewelry , wallets , sculptures and other african imports , is expected to move from w . th st . in mid january .
the group said research had already begun to produce in vitro meat that is , meat created from animal stem cells placed in a medium to grow
he said if key amendments to the iraq constitution are not made by may , he will step down and pull his sunni politicians out of the member iraqi parliament .
four atoms of hydrogen bound to a carbon atom is the main component of natural gas on earth .
former u . n . nuclear inspector david albright and jacqueline shire of the washington based institute for science and international security said the slowdown could be a combination of both technical difficulties and political considerations .
four years later , he spent days in intensive care with heart and breathing problems and reentered rehabilitation .
three people were also killed in mosul in the north , and another in baghdad .
both the eu and the united states fully back independence for kosovo , a province of serbia that has been under u . n . control since shortly after nato warplanes forced out serbian forces in .
north korea s nuclear weapon test is unavoidable .
president elect barack obama goes to ohio today to pitch his economic stimulus package .
the height of irresponsibility
landslides caused at least half the deaths .
moscow could aim nuclear weapons at targets in europe as part of retaliatory steps if washington proceeds with building a missile defense system on the continent , russian president vladimir putin said monday .
her style is relaxed , never more evident than with her wardrobe .
it was a different story across asia , as most markets rose .
over the use of the name apple and the apple logo .
after the assassination attempt , australia sent more than troops and police to help stabilize east timor .
seven people died and more than were injured friday when a commercial airliner overshot the runway and traveled into an adjoining street , where it crushed three vehicles and cracked into three sections before coming to a halt a few feet from a house , officials said .
it means he has just posted new cyworld content .
the storm forced schools and government offices to close , blocking major roads and leading to the cancellation of all domestic and international flights .
two israeli soldiers have also been killed .
they had the option of finding pickton guilty of first degree murder , second degree murder or manslaughter or not guilty on any of the six counts .
the finance ministry said the european investment bank would be making a . million long term loan to greece to help reconstruction efforts , with more to come .
the second was too actually set up the factory from ground zero with no experience . and then as the factory grows bigger and bigger how to manage growth is also a challenge for me .
the ministry has already made public the list of chosen universities and the admission quota for each institution .
that s when prosecutors said armento shot the officer through the heart with his . magnum .
a report released by the information ministry said government and large private web sites will be required , beginning in july , to include ways to track all posters on those sites by their national identity number .
diana s friend rosa monckton last week testified that it was difficult to judge the intensity of diana s romance with fayed , but monckton said it was clear to me that she was really missing hasnat khan , a heart surgeon with whom she had had an affair .
baby beluga in the deep blue sea
we had a wonderful rendezvous today , it was extremely smooth ?
a white canopy on the steps of st . peter s basilica protected the year old pontiff from a downpour while thousands of pilgrims , tourists and romans braved thunder and wind whipped rain to attend easter mass in the square .
by monday night , many of the men had been relocated , but were found dead .
barton said the wfp was reviewing whether to lift the suspension of the program , which provides food relief to some , people in the war ravaged city .
bell was to be revealed as america s tallest man on abc s good morning america on thursday , when , people worldwide were expected to celebrate guinness world records day by attempting to set records of their own .
cut from it was minutes of a more than minute closed court session at guantanamo bay to determine whether mohammed should be declared an enemy combatant .
and as they will tell you , the experience is altogether different from surfing in daylight hours .
the lightest of the animals , a miura named majito , weighed kilograms , pounds .
father bryan masche , , said in an interview last week that the couple were terrified when they learned in december they were going to have six babies .
if the decision stands , it will null the possibility of clashes between the two camps on thursday .
roh also was to meet premier wen jiabao and wu bangguo , chairman of china s legislature , and visit shanghai during his four day visit .
fire officials say the building was engulfed in flames when they arrived early this morning .
article allows the use of air , sea , or land forces .
the interior ministry reported . percent of france s million voters cast ballots in sunday s first round vote .
the neolithic is a very formative period for our society , he said .
the ministry of education , science and technology said wednesday that the preliminary exam will be held at nine public schools nationwide from may through .
tourists comprise the other audience arizona wants to win over .
scientists said last year that the foja area was not under immediate threat , largely because it was so remote .
but there s a downside .
citing security concerns , mccormack would also not address unconfirmed reports that the vehicle was part of a convoy for departing u . s . ambassador to lebanon jeffrey feltman .
the commander of the soldiers organization agreed .
most of them , who range in age from s to s , had sought shelter in the city since last july , according to the monthly chosun .
earlier wednesday , security forces used water cannons and tear gas against the crowds in the capital , tbilisi .
two suicide bombers rammed cars into a convoy as a roadside bomb also went off .
today we will search for the missing in the river with rafts , police superintendent bahadur jang malla said on thursday from surkhet .
since then , rat island , as the piece of rock was dubbed by a sea captain in the s , has gone eerily silent .
it is the city s second bid to host the event after losing out to vancouver to stage the winter olympic games .
perugia , italy cnn an american student has accused a congolese pub owner of knifing her british roommate to death , saying she covered her ears to drown out the screams , according to a judge s ruling friday ordering the woman , her italian boyfriend and the pub owner kept in jail .
he added that kennedy was resting comfortably , and watching the red sox game with his family .
one each died in sichuan and gansu .
but glenn and other conservationists worry that the possible return of breeding jaguars to the united states could be stopped in its tracks .
the anglo dutch company s production was . million barrels of oil and equivalents per day , down . percent from . million in the same quarter a year ago .
cruising at . miles per second , the big boulder could have unleashed some major firepower had it struck , according to the neo near earth objects information center in leicester , england .
i feel a little bit better coming out of this than i have in the past . but at the same time , same result .
an unusually aggressive squirrel attacked three people in a german town before its last victim finished it off with a crutch , police said wednesday .
whoever wants to access the european market will have to offer products that are in conformity with those rules , he said .
and sharif asked sarcastically
however , as the u . n . entry referendum situation is still developing , we will continue to pay close attention and undertake necessary preparations for a serious situation , said the statement , carried by the official xinhua news agency .
many of taylor s fans loved him because of the way he played football , said his father , florida city police chief pedro taylor , in a statement to the news media .
our chinese friends must understand the worldwide concern that there is about the question of tibet , and i will adapt my response to the evolutions in the situation that will come , i hope , as rapidly as possible , the president said during a visit with a military regiment in tarbes in southwest france .
after the last elections in july , women raised the intensity of the campaign for voting rights .
he has been serving as ambassador to the u . s . since february . his grandfather was home minister during the student uprising that toppled the corrupt and despotic regime of syngman rhee in in which students were killed by police and over wounded .
garrison s prison break character david tweener apolskis was killed off the fox tv drama earlier this season .
battles between palestinian factions in gaza claimed more than a dozen lives wednesday , while hamas militants launched rockets into israel , provoking israeli military airstrikes on hamas .
the remarks drew applause from christodoulos .
paris , france cnn a french newspaper said sunday that recently divorced french president nicolas sarkozy may marry former supermodel turned singer carla bruni , his new girlfriend , next month .
all were arrested last week after workers from zoe s ark a french based charity group were accused of trying to fly children out of chad in a kidnapping and adoption operation .
sen . hillary clinton was in the white house on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with monica lewinsky , according to newly released documents .
cnn a former congressman has been charged in connection with his work for an islamic charity accused of funneling money to an afghan warlord , prosecutors announced wednesday .
earlier on monday , a spokesperson for prime minister ibrahim al jaafari said he was deeply concerned by the reports and had telephoned us military commander general george casey , who had promised a full inquiry .
the bus landed on its roof at the bottom of a roadside embankment .
jimenez and fouty went missing along with pfc . joseph j . anzack jr . , , of torrance , california , following a may ambush on a military observation post south of baghdad .
the alien stories that emerge around here , most of
eastern europe has had the highest piracy rate each year , with percent of its software illegally copied in .
a woman has been booked on charges of using a mobile phone while in flight .
when kuwait s emir decreed women should have the vote , the freewheeling parliament a rare symbol of democratic ideals in the persian gulf used its constitutional powers to overrule him .
new talks between north korea , its neighbors and the united states over pyongyang s nuclear weapons program opened monday in the chinese capital , five months after the last round of negotiations , china announced .
the u . n . nuclear watchdog also said it would finalize plans on how to deal with safeguards at iran s natanz uranium enrichment plant by early august .
even in the best case , he predicts a substantial slowdown in the us , with repercussions across the globe .
the united states and the european union consider the group a terrorist organization .
what we should consider is how much we want to lose aspects of our privacy in order to attain a sort of notional security , said david murakami wood , director of the surveillance studies network , which deals with surveillance and privacy issues . in most cases this isn t real security it s a sense of safety that has very little real effect .
britain , which has command of coalition troops in southern iraq , has suffered deaths , of them in hostile circumstances .
but some do better , at least in the short run
the energy department raised its oil and gasoline price forecasts , but also predicted that high prices will cut demand more than previously thought .
third seed roddick looked in control early on but was frustrated by brilliant retrieving from ferrer , who forced him further and further back behind the baseline .
he s calling for patience , expressing confidence the economy will eventually rebound .
sherman and posted them online .
i m cuban , so i m drawn to things that sparkle . i like to use accessories to give things a bit of my own flavor .
the developing agreement is expected to benefit both companies and their audiences , viacom chief philippe dauman said .
on monday , a severed human leg was reportedly found in a small river in central tokyo .
we do have a large amount of water .
auto analyst john mcelroy says something s gotta be done to keep a ford in your future , and prevent gm from running out of cash
xinhua quoted zhang dekuan , deputy secretary general of shandong s government , saying that miners were underground when the flooding began , and were rescued .
but bailey said he could not rule out the theory altogether .
the credit agricole rider , who won the green jersey in , launched the bunch sprint meters from the finish line to edge barloworld s south african rider robert hunter .
they said the man contended the amount of his pension was less than promised .
they also called on him to give more than half the royalties he gets from book , at the center of the storm , to u . s . soldiers wounded in iraq and families of the dead . watch sec . of state condoleezza rice talk about tenet s book
he was found unconscious in his hotel room on sunday and declared dead at a hospital soon afterward .
abe said he spoke with bush and a u . s . congressional delegation about the issue . i do have deep hearted sympathies that the people who had to serve as comfort women were placed in extreme hardships and had to suffer that sacrifice , abe said through a translator .
the president s guards killed rebel leader alfredo reinado .
in fact , we had to cut a few times because we were laughing so hard .
zheng has only won three titles on the wta tour in her career , and her best previous grand slam performance came at the french open when she reached the fourth round .
there s no chance of getting hold of a ringside tickets , but you can pick up a standing ticket for about . .
the international community stepped up efforts over the chuseok holiday to stop north korea from testing a nuclear weapon , as concern grew that a test might be imminent .
the planned nato operation would target villages in the arghandab district of kandahar province .
about skiers at two ski lodges were evacuated from the mountain before the short , sharp eruption was declared over .
wagoner was taking his company in the right direction , while many of the bankers in new york are refusing to cooperate with the federal government , yet they still have their jobs .
seen on regular tvs , d programs split the screen vertically so the same image appears in both the left and right halves .
the date when the colossus was caught also was not disclosed .
that was wrong , but i think it was a view that i think i would have found it very hard to change her mind about .
johnston urged british and palestinian officials to resume negotiations , adding , they re willing to turn the hideout into what they described as a death zone if there s an attempt to free me by force .
musharraf is also pakistan s military chief .
in the kennedy airport case , the informant was a twice convicted drug dealer who found himself in the midst of a terrorist plot conceived as more devastating than the september , , attacks .
south korea s decision to hold face to face negotiations with the militants may dismay the united states government , which refuses to talk to the taliban .
nowak , an active duty naval officer , began her detail with nasa after her selection as a member of the astronaut class of . she flew one mission , sts , in .
the recruitment has become urgent as while the gnp has secured out of the seats , this is short of the required for an absolute majority in the national assembly .
joint statement of principles on denuclearization and have held a couple of bilateral talks since , but no progress was made .
the ap s paul schemm is in cairo
the missile can carry nuclear and conventional warheads with high accuracy , the military said in a statement .
axelrod says the incoming administration s already working on plans to turn the economy around
benazir bhutto earned degrees from radcliffe college and oxford university and received an honorary degree from harvard university in .
gendreau says tests show that escalators in airports are full of germs .
palestinian prime minister salam fayyad called the pledge of money a vote of confidence in the palestinians .
local hospitals were overwhelmed and had called in surgeons from ho chi minh city to help .
if you admit you made a mistake , the customer will always cut you slack .
the unrest has stretched across southern iraq s shiite heartland up to baghdad , where a ban on pedestrian and vehicle traffic was kept in place just hours before it was due to expire sunday morning .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert previously announced israel would unfreeze palestinian tax funds .
abukar , just years old , simply added sports to his list of banned activities no joining up with militiamen patrolling the streets .
a new picnic shelter has been built , from wood hauled up to the site by foot , just before the trail s final section .
dirty dancing star patrick swayze is in a los angeles hospital with pneumonia .
but he said he did not know who was directing the force , and denied laying the groundwork for an attack on iran .
at a . m . she drives ten minutes to her firm s office .
also this morning word that consumers spent less last month .
troops in riot gear also raided buddhist monasteries on the outskirts of yangon and beat and arrested dozens of monks , according to witnesses and western diplomats .
at the time , co lasers were like the perfect weapon for soldiers , but one that also happened to weigh five tons .
health undersecretary alexander padilla said the health department would conduct a separate investigation .
christen said that recently the staff took steps to try to assist in mating .
the town of aosta , your best valley home base , is a two hour bus ride from the base of the lift in la palud hourly departures , change in courmayeur .
he s apparently all right , but the vice president has had to cancel a campaign appearance today because of a recurring heart problem .
we re very confident that bse is not common in canada because of our surveillance , said george luterbach , a veterinarian with the agency .
the crash occurred about a . m . , when the bus drove into the path of an approaching train in dolores , about miles south of the capital .
but a mile behind it , low slung , identical huts of cinderblocks and gray tiles clustered on hills shorn of trees .
somehow , insurgents got into the site and detonated explosives around the remaining two minarets of the mosque , police in samarra said .
the report by transparency international india and the center for media studies said poor people in india paid about million , million rupees in bribes last year to the police , schools , hospitals and power companies .
it was not clear what his relationship with the girl may be , though detectives said items in the tape s background indicate she may have been entrusted to his care .
how the children have grown , how relatives have aged .
if we re to move forward on this war on terrorism , we need a secretary of defense whose instinct and judgement we all trust .
forty three people have died and were injured after two passenger trains collided in eastern china , said state run media agency xinhua .
those who have committed crimes against civilians do not qualify for the amnesty .
with carla , we decided not to lie , sarkozy said .
it s an olympics with a twist .
earth hour , highlighting the threat of climate change
the questioning of witnesses and presentation of evidence was
defense secretary robert gates ordered army deployments to iraq and afghanistan extended from a year to months last april , a move aimed at keeping current force levels in the war zones for another year .
yao suggested it would be difficult to change every permanent toilet in the venues , of which are in beijing .
there will be no more dialogue , said deputy information minister tariq azim . it has to be an absolutely total surrender , unconditional total surrender .
two years ago , the last time the survey was done , only one quarter of men didn t wash , compared with percent of women .
flu shots are not generally recommended for healthy people in either of these age groups because they have a low risk of developing life threatening illnesses .
a final farewell from the rd president of the united states .
a global trade union group has accused factories in communist china of using child labor , forced overtime and low wages to boost profit .
in what is considered a cynical move aimed at positioning himself to run for prime minister , thailand s military dictator , general sonthi boonyaratglin resigned as head of the so called council for national security .
no bodies have yet been retrieved in the painstaking effort , slowed by the presence of huge , heavy boulders at the site .
washington cnn terrorists increasingly favor using women as suicide bombers to thwart security and draw attention to their causes , a new fbi department of homeland security assessment concludes .
uribe says despite the setback , he still hopes to go out with his girlfriend on june , when he will turn .
president bush had argued the bill would give the immigration system a much needed overhaul .
the current state of nanotechnology mirrors the level of development in the field of polymers and plastics in the s , when it was in its infancy , said kevin ausman , director of the rice university center for biological and environmental nanotechnology .
with those words , the president announced a billion package of short term loans designed to tie the big three over till march .
we don t want war , but we will not allow the north american empire which is the master and its sub president alvaro uribe and the colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us . we will not allow it .
placido domingo and jose carreras , who memorably performed alongside luciano pavarotti as the three tenors , have led tributes to the opera singer who died thursday at the age of after battling cancer .
democrats welcomed the call for a reduction of presence as supporting their plans for us redeployment .
he claims that the state s constitution can t be amended to reject what he says is a constitutional right .
during the meetings , he expressed his misgivings over legal practices , suggesting judges toss away prosecutors investigation records and calling lawyers deceptive .
retired army general john batiste told cnn s late edition that under rumsfeld , the u . s . went to war , underresourced and overcommitted .
the ministry of education and human resources development on wednesday announced a plan to provide elite education for about , students , or percent of the total students from elementary to middle and high schools by .
they also argue it is against international norm of equal treatment for all .
i m not sure we ll ever fully understand why this happened , but i do think this is as close as we ll come to having a glimpse inside the mind of a killer , steve capus , head of nbc news , said on the network s today program .
abu dujana is accused of direct involvement in the bali nightclub bombings of that killed more than mostly western tourists and subsequent attacks on the australian embassy and j . w . marriott hotel , both in the indonesian capital , jakarta . behind the scenes chilled by words of hatred
the hostages former colombian legislators were released in the southern jungles of the country around midday , said icrc spokesman yves heller in bogota .
after the election , a special prosecutor will be named and he will be given up to days to look into the allegations again .
tehran , iran cnn iran released thursday what it says is a second letter from captured british sailor faye turney in which she criticizes british policy in iraq . isn t it time for us to start withdrawing our forces from iraq and let them determine their own future ?
johnson set the world record of . at the seville world championships .
dr hwang s landmark claim to have cloned human embryonic stem cells was false , a university panel concluded .
in addition , cargo planes fly supplies to u . s . soldiers in remote areas of iraq from incirlik , avoiding the use of iraqi roads vulnerable to bomb attacks . u . s . officials say the arrangement helps reduce american casualties .
under the deal , the funds will be transferred into an account held by north korea s foreign trade bank at the bank of china in beijing , according to u . s . deputy assistant treasury secretary daniel glaser .
the power of the internet has saved more than cats from being skinned and served up on chinese dinner tables .
the city of americus lost its fleet of ambulances when the tornado hit at the sumter regional medical center just before p . m . et , said buzz weiss of the georgia emergency management agency .
chaos in the former soviet republic could affect the stability of the region , which plays an important role in producing and supplying oil and gas to the west .
but the meeting looks still meaningful as seoul is set to raise the most contentious issue to the japanese politician who is expected to become the next prime minister in september .
the mars reconnaissance orbiter turned its uhf radio off , possibly because of a cosmic ray , cutting off communications with the lander , said fuk li , manager of the mars exploration program for nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california .
in his last visit to the state before voters go to the polls , mccain said , the pundits have written me off just like they ve done four or five times in the past .
sarkozy , on his first presidential visit to russia , said the two countries had bridged some of their differences over how the world should respond to iran s nuclear activities .
worst affected is the northwestern shaanxi province , where the state xinhua news agency said bodies have been recovered after torrential rains triggered landslides and burst river banks across counties .
a group of angry canadian beef producers said on friday they ve launched a multimillion dollar suit against the u . s . government in a bid to force the reopening of the canada u . s . border to live cattle .
garriott said he would use the space trip to conduct protein crystal growth experiments for a biotech company co founded by his father .
but that s where the difference of opinion comes in .
the torch ends its round the world jaunt in august in beijing .
but computing experts don t expect major problems to erupt .
we continue to urge restraint on the part of the chinese government in terms of how it responds to these protesters .
well , tim , the obamas left about minutes ago , background noise
i ll be there tuesday night , clinton said .
on insoo s nate on messenger , provided by the same company behind cyworld sk communications , a small icon pops up next to insoo s friend s name .
no federal law restricts sex offenders internet use .
the president will defend his record once more
the visit comes at a sensitive time , with u . s . lawmakers considering a nonbinding resolution urging japan to apologize formally for forcing thousands of women into the brothels .
they beat everyone , including women and girls , the dissident group quoted an unidentified female detainee as saying .
london , england cnn rock legends led zeppelin are to reform for the first time in years for a one off concert in london , the band announced wednesday .
a memorial service to the . terror held in ny .
meanwhile , the death toll from this month s earthquake in china reached , , a government official said sunday . another , are still missing .
the firm said the service will be four times faster than current internet connection rates in the united states .
we on our side are completely committed in ensuring that this agreement will succeed . the ball has moved partially from the hands of the negotiators and ourselves to the court of parliament .
nadal also said he hoped that his absence would buy him time for the davis cup final against hosts argentina from november .
a boy held at a nazi concentration camp during world war ii and a girl on the outside who tossed him apples to keep him alive .
holyhead , wales cnn a man who dressed up as darth vader , wearing a black garbage bag for a cape , and assaulted the founders of britain s first jedi church was given a suspended sentence tuesday .
geneva , switzerland cnn infectious diseases are emerging more quickly around the globe , spreading faster and becoming increasingly difficult to treat , the world health organization who said on thursday .
we talk a lot about so called pledged delegates , but every delegate is expected to exercise independent judgment , she said .
a passing japanese vessel picked up the crew members , but the ship s captain and a technician remained aboard to try to rescue goods , the news agency said .
on saturday , indonesia s attorney general made an offer to suharto s family to settle civil claims of . billion that the ex president is accused of stealing from the state during his year regime .
the company has also asked six other japanese power companies to sell it emergency electricity until the end of september .
although the islets are under korean control , japanese authorities including prime minister junichiro koizumi have constantly claimed sovereignty over them in an apparent bid to attract international attention , according to a government official .
london , england cnn artist mark wallinger won britain s prestigious turner prize for a fiercely anti war exhibit based on a lone protester s six year vigil outside british parliament .
let s act boldly , let s act swiftly .
the words could be bureaucratese for something as innocuous as a tax deduction .
but the consequences of attacking pyongyang are unacceptable .
it turns out horrisberger , , a retired english teacher from atlanta , georgia , isn t the only man who is reluctant to put on a hospital gown .
we think maybe just a few more people remain buried if anyone left , guler said .
the big problems remain . the fallout from the sub prime crisis continues , housing values continue to fall , consumers are retrenching , earnings are under pressure .
kellerman was , and lived in a house valued by the county at about , .
the palestinians had sought a vote in the member assembly urging israel to obey the july th court opinion , but european union states sought to include mention of the middle east peace process in the resolution , a european diplomat said .
a court in the northeastern city of shenyang convicted yang of all charges , including the illegal use of agricultural land , contract fraud , forgery of financial documents and offering and taking bribes , according to an assistant to his defense lawyer .
unfortunately , the market segment of full sized suv s is shrinking and continues to shrink .
of course , hubble is used for lots of other observational purposes .
sauger magoni at the white house .
worldwide , there were shark attacks recorded last year , of which only one was fatal .
bangalore , india cnn two year old lakshmi tatma , an indian toddler born with four arms and four legs , made her first public appearance tuesday , a week after surgeons in india successfully removed her additional limbs .
china has reacted with anger .
vick , , and three associates were indicted by a federal grand jury in richmond , virginia , on a conspiracy count alleging they bought and sponsored dogs in an animal fighting venture and traveled across state lines to participate in illegal activity , including gambling .
he was convicted in of eight counts of drug smuggling and racketeering and sentenced to years in federal prison , later reduced to years .
the new article , preparing the battlefield , is the latest in a series of articles accusing the bush administration of preparing for war with iran .
the shuttle , steered by commander christopher ferguson , landed at p . m . , ending a mission that lasted more than two weeks .
u . s . private equity fund lone star on wednesday denied what are thought by some to be politically inspired claims by south korean state auditors that the fund conspired to lower the capital adequacy ratio of korea exchange bank keb to purchase it at a bargain price in late .
purr i really loved it .
two administration officials tell the ap chrysler s talks with creditors broke off after a small group refused to settle for about cents on the dollar . that flashing light ?
palestinian security sources and media reports said there were three israeli airstrikes , but the israel defense forces would only confirm two .
to make an apology for defaming roh or face a libel suit by today .
abdi ud , a journalist with somalia s shabelle media network , said the protesters were angry because mogadishu shopkeepers refused to accept somali shillings and instead demanded payment in u . s . dollars .
in the brief time they were there they found only one five member group outside of the park and vulnerable to crossfire , wildlifedirect said .
maybe , though , the cold calculus of psychological science is missing the intensity of joy that time spent with your child can bring .
but these soviet old people aren t alone .
detectives were called to the area of duisburg after a pedestrian heard the shots and stopped a patrol car , police spokesman , reinhard pape , told ap .
samsung group chairman lee kun hee and three company officials were indicted thursday after a four month investigation into corruption allegations , according to a special prosecutor .
california has long taken the lead in the fight for clean air
for more than a week after the adam air flight disappeared off the radar screens , indonesian authorities scoured the mountainous terrain of western sulawesi province and the java sea for any sign of the missing aircraft , but found nothing .
zimbabwe s government introduced a bill thursday to give zimbabweans majority ownership of foreign companies , a move critics say will deepen the economic crisis .
in a statement , the outgoing commissioner said his choice to leave before the termination of his two year term stems from concerns that his successor would be pressed for time as he tries to implement new policies .
in mosul , in northern iraq , troops detained three suspected terrorists with ties to the al qaeda in iraq network .
the timing of the operation
next summer , drive .
following initial inquiries and the post mortem carried out last night , surrey police can confirm that at this stage there is no indication that the sudden death of badri patarkatsishvili was from anything other than natural causes , a police statement said .
the french humanitarian mission sent to colombia to try to secure to release of the hostage ingrid betancourt is being withdrawn from the country .
it will be larsson s sixth major championship he was a substitute for sweden in the world cup and his experience could be needed on a team that has been plagued by injuries to key players .
the three gorges dam is unprecedented in the scale of both its construction and the dislocation imposed on people whose families have lived for centuries along the densely populated yangtze .
the retailer doesn t want to take up that precious store space for products that aren t selling .
currently , the mandate calls for the mission to play a leading role in helping the government with its electoral machinery and constitutional development .
saudi arabia , the united kingdom , germany , vietnam and poland were among the countries providing humanitarian assistance , according to xinhua .
mississippi governor haley barbour in the gop s address says the obama budget is a threat to the economic future
but if the fec , which regulates campaign financing , were to side with the democrats , it could severely hurt his campaign , because the public financing system also imposes a spending cap on candidates .
muliaga , a schoolteacher with four children between the ages of and , had been off work since february with an illness and had fallen behind in her payments to mercury , said brenden sheehan , a relative who provided a copy of the bill .
the beans of kupi luwak are harvested after first being ingested by civet cats and only around kilos of the coffee is produced each year .
during the foreign ministers meeting , the two men are believed to have discussed the possibility of creating a new war memorial to be used instead of the yasukuni shrine .
he wanted to humiliate tyrant
i wanted to do solar energy . i wanted to legalize drugs versus the terrorist problem , which i was aware of in the s . because where else are they getting illegal money at that level ?
astro s mother abandoned him at ano nuevo island off the san mateo coast in june , prompting biologists to bottle feed the pup .
hundreds of kenyans fearing new political violence fled the country s west wednesday , but the president urged refugees not to abandon their homes and insisted he would hold onto power despite allegations he stole an election .
twenty and thirty year olds are getting their news from the internet , he said .
ex the alliance was forged in the crucible of war .
officials say the maersk alabama is the first ship with an american crew to be held by pirates in those waters , and the crew has been trying to negotiate the release of their captain .
baghdad , iraq cnn a truck bomb ripped through a crowded square in the capital tuesday , killing at least people and wounding others , an interior ministry official said .
united nations secretary general ban ki moon is expected to visit cyclone struck myanmar this week in an attempt to accelerate relief efforts in the aftermath of the devastating storm , which may have killed more than , and affected . million others , the un said sunday .
kumar , who also uses the alias dr . santosh rameshwar raut , may not be in india anymore , police said .
the u . s . space agency nasa on thursday confirmed it had discovered the apparent sabotage of a noncritical component of the international space station due to be carried up by the space shuttle endeavour .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld left his job immediately following the election , as the iraq war s influence on voters became clear .
analysts say online video could play a big role in the white house race .
the british personnel were seized on march while patrolling the northern persian gulf for smugglers .
other protests were planned for edinburgh , scotland and cardiff , wales .
he starred discovery channel s man vs .
some posed for pictures while others talked on cell phones .
the one laptop per child non profit headed up by mit s nicholas negroponte is coming up against its self imposed deadline of may to secure three million orders for its little green computers .
the blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of .
since founding motech solar eight years ago tsuo estimates the solar electricity industry has grown by an average percent to percent a year .
he said the envoys would go not only to the north , but to four other countries , presumably the other members of the six way nuclear talks with north korea .
nevertheless , israeli prime minister ehud olmert resisted pressure sunday to launch a broad offensive against gaza rocket squads .
the us military in iraq is facing growing political pressure over a raid on a baghdad mosque complex that left about people dead on sunday evening .
khreshchatyk is at its best in may , when the chestnuts the city s symbol are in full bloom and they fill the air with a delicate sweet aroma .
park is accused of having violated farmland and real estate laws in the process of investing in properties across the nation over the past decade .
he said the gap between the rich and poor in the country is one of the worst among member countries of the organization for economic cooperation and development .
the eighth round of the future of the alliance policy initiative talks will be held may in washington , according to brig .
but a series of polls showing him closing the gap on clinton s national lead including in california , the most delegate rich prize in tuesday s race left obama s campaign enthusiastic about his prospects to clinch a large number of delegates tuesday .
on the way to a shelter , mridha lost contact with his wife , mother and two children .
the taliban is claiming responsibility for that bombing .
romney , a former massachusetts governor who has been on the attack against huckabee , slipped two points overnight .
during the past five years of ak party government , gul has championed turkey s eu bid , and helped push through human rights reforms and judicial amendments .
the company found that the average e mail user spends minutes managing e mail on the job each day , and a quarter spend more than an hour a day managing e mail .
kaplan added that the company had subcontracted the work .
washington cnn two u . s . air force f s escorted two russian bear long range bombers out of an air exclusion zone off the coast of alaska , u . s . military officials said wednesday .
the nationalists favor unity though without putting a time limit on it while many in the ruling democratic progressive party support a formalization of taiwan s de facto independence .
it s great to beat someone you ve never beaten before , said mathieu , who lost to grosjean in their three previous matches .
afghan groups agreed to set up a six month government following the ousting of taleban rulers .
the former chairman of the us federal reserve alan greenspan has said president george w bush pays too little attention to financial discipline .
the four year old videotape shows the year old girl being raped in las vegas , nevada . last week , she was found safe .
malaysia and thailand , which have competed with korea for several years , also took higher positions this year , rd and nd respectively .
homeowners must be days or more late in their mortgage payments , owe at least of their home s current value , live in the home on which the mortgage was taken and have not filed for bankruptcy .
after securing a green card , he ran his own liquor store .
cnn now that she has ended her historic run to become the first madame president , many are speculating about what sen . hillary clinton will do next .
it s better than nothing . . . but it s such a weak attempt at security .
but authorities now say zerola had another , darker sideline as a rapist who preys on young women .
oscar winning film composer maurice jarre has died at the age of .
a british military spokesman said iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki personally authorized the raids .
in , a dog was locked up for days after biting
according to a manifest obtained by the u . s . embassy there were passengers and five crew members aboard the plane when it crashed .
the enrollment specialist told me if i wanted to change my statistics , i d have to go through my tribal organization .
get rid of all the junk that accumulates in your bedroom .
several people at the airport to pick up passengers became paparazzi themselves , snapping images with their cell phones .
the justice ministry said the new visa rule will apply to an estimated , illegal ethnic koreans .
despite the general s strong words , it is not clear how far turkey will go to express its dismay to washington .
the central bank predicted gross domestic product would expand percent , slower than its initial . percent outlook .
six people were arrested after they tried to stop police from taking their signs , soekarno said .
the goal would be to elect a government with a fresh mandate and resolve a crisis that has seen the stock market plummet and the pro secular military threaten to intervene .
the fbi already has million sets of fingerprints on file .
president george w . bush said on friday it is hard to believe a leader of any country would encourage abduction of a young child .
he inherits an island nation with several problems .
bush acknowledges the global stock selloff has been startling .
mccain took the offensive in the hofstra university debate , reflection of obama s lead in a growing number of polls .
charles marcus edwards , granted immunity from prosecution , testified monday in the federal kidnapping and conspiracy case against longtime friend james ford seale .
in january , a man rescued his colleague from a crocodile s jaws but accidentally shot the unlucky co worker in the process .
we are looking into the incident in terms of whether american citizens were involved , consulate spokesman todd huizinga said .
officials alleged that gregg bergersen , a weapons systems policy analyst for a defense department agency in arlington , virginia , sold highly classified information to kuo , , a naturalized citizen who lives in new orleans , louisiana .
i m confident that democrats will come together , because we recognize there s so much at stake , obama said .
musharraf suspended javed from broadcasting earlier this month because of critical comments he made about the president , according to the pakistani web site , pk politics .
but karzai s spokesman said the government has information of a serious debate in some groups of taliban about how long militants want to continue fighting .
bush approved a national security directive in november committing the united states to removing all nuclear weapons from the peninsula . forces korea conducted military exercises in preparation for an aerial nuclear attack against north korea in , a lawmaker said yesterday , citing recently declassified u . s documents .
ma won a comfortable victory over frank hsieh of the ruling democratic progressive party on saturday .
heller identified the four as gloria polanco , luis eladio perez , orlando beltran and eduardo gechem .
embattled world bank president paul wolfowitz said sunday he will continue to lead bank efforts to reduce global poverty , resisting calls to step down over his involvement in securing a huge pay increase for a close female friend .
south korea condemned nk s announcement of its first ever nuclear test yesterday , saying it supports international efforts to discuss the issue immediately at the united nations security council .
shakeri , founding board member of the university of california , irvine , center for citizen peacebuilding , is the fourth dual citizen detained in iran in recent months
media on dominica reported a woman and her son died in a landslide .
a joint statement hailed the talks as a breakthrough toward a just and durable solution to the mindanao conflict .
it s a very busy hotel , he said . i m absolutely certain that someone saw something that could help us in this investigation .
at least one death is being blamed on the remnants of tropical storm erin in oklahoma .
i think they re unsure about their own regulations to be honest , director stephen pearson said .
you watch tv , you see these kinds of incidents happening here and there , but you look with a kind of detachment because it s happening . . . elsewhere , he told good morning america .
scores of flights were canceled wednesday after thousands of airport workers walked off their jobs at several german airports .
truckers are demanding more money to compensate for rising fuel prices , which in italy is mostly a result of taxes .
until now , clinton had maintained a consistent double digit lead in the state .
the new price policy falls short of the expectations of consumer groups and some politicians who wanted mobile service operators to cut their basic fees and call charges indiscriminately , rather than to introduce complicated , prejudicial discount plans .
washington cnn a u . s . marine videotaped throwing a puppy over a cliff while on patrol in iraq has been kicked out of the corps , and a second marine involved has been disciplined , according to a statement released by the marines .
using hotenough . org saves time and it does the searching for you , narrows it down to the people that you are interested in meeting , he said .
exit polls out of west virginia indicate that only percent of clinton s supporters would vote for obama if he were the nominee .
the us wants china to use its influence to put pressure on pyongyang .
they insist it is based on a credible and factual account of charles dickens works and the world in which he lived .
the provocatively named miss bimbo web site launched in the uk last month and is described as a virtual fashion game for girls .
in the presence of former president carter , who signed the treaty that gave panama control of the waterway , panamanian president martin torrijos celebrated the start of construction
mobile phone internet users totaled million by the end of .
another have been wounded , emergency medical services reported .
he was granted bail in june and returned to work in july .
up to , kangaroos will be shot this week on the base in an effort to reduce starvation amongst the animals and improve safety on the puckapunyal base there are more than , kangaroos on the , hectare base , about double the number the natural environment in the area can successfully support .
tsuo expects the cost of a module to halve from the current us . per watt in the next five years .
last year , households borrowed more to finance purchases of homes on expectations of higher home prices .
chinese police pleaded with the public wednesday for information about five newborn babies discovered in the back of a stolen car .
those lobbying for unesco protection have argued that its inclusion would fend off the watered down clones assailing its integrity worldwide in this age of killer fast food .
serious trash talk leading up to thursday night s bcs title game between florida and oklahoma
they went to bed early to keep warm .
authorities said the arrest of safe bourada , who had been under surveillance since his release in , highlights potential risks posed by unrepentant militants being freed after serving prison sentences in connection with bombings in the s .
then she threw her hands up and covered her mouth , overcome with emotion .
washington ap hillary rodham clinton , acknowledging tirades and tears over her husband s affair with a white house intern , says president bill clinton lied to her about the relationship until the weekend before he admitted as much to a grand jury .
authorities there have closed the schools and kindergartens , and are spraying the streets with disinfectant .
delivered amid growing tensions between the u . s . and russia and to an audience including many iraq and afghanistan war skeptics , the speech was the first public test of gates diplomatic skills .
murdoch started out as a newspaper owner in australia , and today his news corp . media conglomerate has operations across the globe including twentieth century fox , fox news channel , the new york post , satellite tv broadcasting and the social networking web site myspace .
korean animal rights activists ?
earlier prime minister ehud olmert ruled out an immediate truce , saying israel would continue its offensive as long as its security was threatened .
the web site s mission
the presumptive republican nominee heads to mississippi on sunday , where the tour kicks off the following day .
imf managing director dominique strauss kahn welcomed the board s decision monday to propose a new framework for the fund , designed to close a projected million budget deficit over the next few years .
the iranian government s last minute decision to ration monthly fuel allotments , as well as increase the price of gas , triggered protests and riots a rarity in the islamic republic according to iranian media reports .
the agreement came a day after the north agreed to end its nuclear plans .
colombian president alvaro uribe has said the computers contain evidence that chavez supported the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc .
the images show scientists never before seen landscapes on the planet s surface .
i tried to help her , and then they threw acid on me , too , latefa , , told the qatar based satellite network .
formed in after a global search , il divo italian for divine male performer consists of spanish baritone carlos marin , american tenor david miller , french pop singer sebastien izambard , and swiss tenor urs buhler .
it was airborne for less than three minutes , she said .
the amount of crying babies can tolerate varies by age .
getfriday and ask sunday are two companies catering for a growing demand among time poor professionals and business travelers for someone else to deal with life s tedious chores .
it is estimated that around million people out of china s . billion , drink contaminated water .
williams , a two time tournament winner this year , slipped and fell near the net when trailing in the first set .
while much space trash and debris have safely crashed to earth after burning up in the atmosphere on re entry , authorities said what makes this , pound satellite different is the approximately , pounds of frozen toxic hydrazine propellant it carries .
so xiang xiang may have fallen from trees when being chased by those pandas .
although it s unknown how many of those deaths are linked to gum disease , oral pathologist dr . dwight weathers of emory university suspects that the number would be high , given that percent of people over age and probably half of people younger than that have some form of periodontal disease .
i think it s a lot of flying which has done it , she said .
since gordon brown took over from tony blair as british prime minister last month , he has been at pains to underline there will be no cooling of anglo american relations but two of his ministers have offered mixed signals .
more than two thirds of uri members , including some of lee s own supporters , view his resignation as inevitable .
they have looked after us and made sure that we re getting enough food , and we ve been treated very well by them , so we thank them for that .
how about a little rock lobster for lunch ?
however , some critics attributed the movie s success to its appeal to patriotism and ignited disputes over the movie s quality . the suicide of a female star was the most shocking news this year for korean netizens .
in there will be a growing realization that the success of cities depends on their integration with their surrounding urban areas .
on monday , abdullah told the bbc that saudi arabia had sent warnings to british authorities before the london subway bombings that killed people the city s bloodiest day since world war ii .
the statue , by sculptor antony dufort , shows her in a typical lively and swashbuckling posture , right arm outstretched , as though she is addressing the house of commons .
bad cholesterol levels were reduced by percent and hs crp levels dropped percent .
south korea on thursday decided to halve its year old screen quota , the mandatory period for theaters to show domestic films a year , to days to clear the way for its free trade agreement fta with the united states .
one major factor is that , according to the polls , the majority of french people are not behind the unions .
it has an average daily inventory of , goods and donates unclaimed possessions to charity .
so that would be illogical .
if the election laws are rewritten , most college freshmen would be able to vote in elections .
democratic presidential candidate barack obama is apologizing for saying the lives of the more than , u . s . troops killed in the iraq war were wasted .
it is not known where or when he was killed .
a pakistani radical opens fire on paramilitary gunmen .
the largest study conducted of about , ground zero workers reported last year that percent of patients suffer respiratory disease years after the cleanup .
ingrassia , , said the decision was unrelated to dow jones s agreement to sell itself to rupert murdoch s news corp .
korea ranked th among oecd countries for consumer price increase rate last year .
i think when our staff got together , we were not surprised at all that either the fans or the players were going to vote him in and that somehow we would put him on , la russa said . he s having a good year .
the u . s . geological survey reported a magnitude . earthquake about miles north northeast of padang at a . m . p . m . et monday . a . temblor followed two hours later within miles of the first quake s epicenter .
there were fresh signs wednesday that some republican senators are impatient with the white house plan for iraq and are demanding that the president change his war strategy now .
the rays flopped in their first game in baseball s ultimate event , managing just five hits .
the rift valley town of eldoret has been the scene of much of the post election violence , which has resulted in at least deaths and driven thousands from their homes .
if congress does not pass an immediate plan that gives the economy the boost it needs , i will make it my first order business as president .
but a wall street journal article on monday in which news of rove s pending resignation came out said rove will offer advice , if asked , but at years old says he is done with political consulting .
pro junta thugs in myanmar clashed sunday with hundreds of supporters of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , hurling abuse and preventing them from marching to a prayer vigil for the detained nobel laureate , witnesses said .
kraft says she enjoyed her maiden voyage on the train , which came courtesy of a local home builder that bought group tickets in one of the club cars . i loved the convenience of the train , she says .
the county argues in a lawsuit that the faa s environmental impact study violated federal regulations and that the new flight paths will only marginally reduce airport delays .
rebel sources told the bbc that the raiders were members of breakaway factions from two rebel groups .
a computer instructor and his four bodyguards
the nigerian government and rebel militia fighting in the oil producing niger delta agreed a truce on wednesday while talks took place on rebel demands for autonomy .
the incident occurred saturday on us airways flight from orlando , florida , to philadelphia , pennsylvania , the ntsb said in a statement . the separation occurred over maryland .
anyone buried in an earthquake can survive without water and food for three days , said gu linsheng , a researcher with tsinghua university s emergency management research center told the associated press . after that , it s usually a miracle for anyone to survive .
the national weather service received two reports of tornadoes monday in mississippi , and numerous reports of hail and damage from high winds in a swath from eastern texas to alabama , according to the weather service s web site .
it has taken such a high ranking chinese official six decades to visit this island because deeply rooted hostilities and suspicions have prevented such exchanges .
woolmer s death came only hours after pakistan s shocking elimination from the cricket world cup competition by the relatively unknown irish team on st . patrick s day .
an embassy spokeswoman said seven manchester united supporters were taken to hospital after fighting broke out on the pont duca d aosta bridge which fans cross over the river to get to the stadium .
level on points with manchester united having played a game less but top on goal scored .
we believe they all died after inhaling carbon monoxide from the charcoal , a police spokesman said .
the rally comes two days after the junta extended suu kyi s house arrest for a fifth year .
iaea , more than countries possess nuclear technology to make weapon .
the safe haven in pakistan .
the rest should be vaccinated before they try to get pregnant because catching the illness during pregnancy can lead to devastating birth defects .
questions have arisen about when geithner knew about the bonuses , and whether he did enough to try to head them off .
the total reworked deal is worth about . billion .
instead of field drills , south korean troops will participate in computer simulations .
rescuers are trolling the atlantic off the florida coast in search of survivors , after a boat overlaoded with about people capsized and sank .
chavez rejects allegations that he poses a threat to democracy .
along the east coast , a big storm is revving up
the ministry of finance has released figures indicating the august surplus fell to below six billion dollars , from . billion dollars in july .
earlier friday washington had called for restrictions on bhutto to be lifted .
even when he decided to stay in brooklyn for its cheaper prices , he ended up with a bill for close to a night , he said , adding , that s crazy .
and s sea of dreams .
what kind of corinthian leather was it that ricardo montalban pitched for chrysler back in the s ?
humpbacks are very sensitive and live in close knit pods so even one death can be extremely damaging , greenpeace spokesman junichi sato said .
nowak s visit comes at a time when a public debate is going on in the chinese media about the use of torture and coercion by the police .
iran fired a rocket from its newly inaugurated space center monday , laying the groundwork for what it says will be the future launch of its first domestically produced satellite , the semi official fars news agency reported .
it s an expansion of a small shopping web site that carried keychains and t shirts .
eu lawmakers backed a final report concluding a year of investigations into allegations that the u . s . central intelligence agency secretly held terror suspects in europe and flew some to states that practise torture .
dressed in a white lacy dress with her hair curled and pinned , it s hard to imagine she has still a year of her sentence to serve .
even as italy s national team was making its successful run for the world cup this summer , club soccer at home was ravaged by a match fixing scandal that led to sanctions against several top teams .
edwards served a single senate term from north carolina and was the democratic vice presidential candidate in .
near the southern afghan city of kandahar , afghan and coalition forces on tuesday killed two taliban militants and detained five others .
two others were sent to a juvenile court they were both years old .
at the time , microsoft s cash and stock offer was valued at . billion , or percent above yahoo s market value . judging by friday s closing share prices , the deal is now worth just under billion .
on sunday the pro communist chavez said the king was imprudent and asked if he knew in advance of the brief coup against him .
messenger , however , won t make it s first fly by of mercury until , and will not begin its main mission until .
this os will be either a windows derivative or a mac linux fusion .
i am confident we can achieve the definition of a state , bush said .
oil prices fell below a barrel tuesday on a growing sense that soaring gas and oil prices have cut demand for fuel during the normally busy u . s . summer driving season .
citing lee s remarks that the new administration would ease corporate regulations to make korea a destination favorable to foreign investors , the ceo said the situation in which the lone star issue remains unsettled is a problem .
gov . joey salceda of albay , where last year s typhoon durian unleashed tons of volcanic debris that wiped out entire villages , said some schools will be used as temporary shelters .
at least one network source was pleased that the lists of finalists were leaked .
these events underscore why i believe the bush administration has been wrong to downplay human rights in its policy towards china , said clinton .
a man and his niece from the same area who had slaughtered chickens were also suspected of having the virus .
jeremy s schoolmates offered a very different message of hope from their fallen colleague .
that is how it was originally contemplated by ourselves and aberdeenshire council .
schram s interests spanned russian poets , argentine authors , french philosophers , english politicians and italian sculptors .
problems arose with making the key known to both parties and then protecting it from third parties .
one witness said the boy , a keen everton fan , was shot after a youth league football match on wednesday evening .
a country s growth potential is the level of economic expansion that can be achieved without causing downside risks , including inflation .
no other information could be made public on the probe , said fbi special agent robbie burroughs , and it is not immediately clear if copperfield is a target of the probe .
i ve told people when my money runs out , then i ve got to go .
rhoades said matson called her and said , well , linda , it s got chocolate all over it , but it doesn t look adjustable .
researchers agree that intense physical exercise is not the only way to gain better health .
beheadings of hostages executions of women in hijab , the traditional muslim attire
the slam dunk issue arose last september , the fifth anniversary of the september , , terrorist attacks .
or maunalani . com .
phillies fans have been waiting to close to thirty years for the club to win the world series again .
the latest economic numbers are adding to the impression of a recession that s easing , but hasn t quite shifted into recovery mode .
a national football league spokesman said the allegations against vick would be reviewed under the nfl s personal conduct policy .
several years ago , a poster and billboard campaign showing star sarah jessica parker in a skimpy , sequined dress was quickly pulled and replaced with new ads of her in a dress that covered her arms , back and thigh .
insoo clicks on the icon to read the new post and leaves a comment something insoo is expected to do as a chon cyworld buddy .
it was unclear how close the satellite will be to the space station when it is shot down .
those channels carry such popular shows as the daily show with jon stewart , the hills and icarly .
pak hong yul , the head of south korea s space agency , sounded somewhat vexed when russian officials said they were referring to yi as a participant of space flight because of her lack of previous space experience .
if you say you don t know anything about it , the interviewer will wonder why you re applying for the job and will probably conclude you re after money , not a career .
the troops left one person dead on the ground , she said , and they returned a few minutes later to retrieve the body .
led by a two story golden lion , the samba group estacio de sa kicked off the party in a hail of fireworks and roars from crowds waving the flags of their favorite samba groups at the , seat sambadrome stadium .
the first recent voluntary protest by th graders on saturday in seoul attracted only students , partly because of teachers who threatened their pupils against joining what was initially planned to be a big candlelit rally .
authorities have found what they believe is the body of a suicide bomber .
to compare that number with some other notoriously bloody cities , the rate for gary , ind . , was . and detroit s was . .
conservative forces have often questioned roh s ideology , emphasizing that his father in law was a communist .
kassouf said he lost about pounds just by making the coke and doritos changes and then lost more by cutting down on sweets and switching from white flour to wheat flour .
a survey conducted by the korean health teachers association for healthy society and the korean teachers and education workers union showed . percent of students have seen porn photos or video footage .
according to the national agricultural statistic service , honey production declined by percent in , and honey prices per pound increased percent , from . cents in to . cents in .
the two politicians were elected together in after a period of brutal military rule .
a short time later , the volcano erupted again , blanketing the footprints with a thick layer of ash that preserved them for the ages , said paolo mietto of the university of padua , italy .
henderson tells cbs early show that even with all the changes , gm will still need billions of dollars just to stay in business .
that may explain the success of the dangerous book for boys , a deliberately retro tome that has become the publishing sensation of the year in britain .
kate and gerry , we are truly sorry to have added to your distress , the daily express wrote . we assure you that we hope madeleine will one day be found alive and well and will be restored to her loving family .
the independent newspaper el nacional , citing unidentified government officials , reported that military officials had pressured chavez to concede during late night deliberations .
i didn t think of it much , she said . it is a mother s reaction , and a basic duty as a police officer to help .
our ambassador is working with senior levels of the egyptian government to understand what happened , mccormack said . he said the ambassador s discussions are an effort to make sure that it doesn t happen again .
but maj . gen . benjamin mixon told cnn on wednesday that it is possible the number of troops in the north could drop by sometime next year .
the government , which declared a state of emergency over the weekend , said arson might have been the cause of the fires , and several people have been arrested .
one survivor was saved by the coast guard .
beijing , china cnn a growing number of rich and powerful people in central china are brazenly flouting the country s one child policy , a newspaper said wednesday .
human rights watch said it was unable to gather information on killings and detentions from other cities and towns where demonstrations took place .
now the program has been further curtailed no bison have been killed in the past week .
he may have low polls , but he s going to be around .
cecilia sarkozy was a smiling figure at her husband s inauguration in may as she stood with the children .
in iraqi or arabic he starts to screamin , here is your farewell , kiss you , dog .
during those gap years , the united states must rely on the good will of other nations if it wants to send astronauts and cargo to the international space station .
abdul waheed , , who suffered burns from the blast , said the bomber struck as a member of the party was reciting verses from islam s holy book , the quran .
an agent saw the journalists success and proposed the stocking stuffer book .
a ministry official said five are still at a military hospital .
chrysler s situation was especially bad .
in a nationally televised address , karamanlis suggested the blazes might have been deliberately set by political extremists ahead of next month s national elections . the fires have placed a damper on campaigning .
police in the netherlands say they have cracked a crime ring which allegedly trafficked nigerian children into the west to work as sex slaves .
instead , consumers are hunting for deals on where to dry clean their clothes , get their oil changed or take the family out to dinner , said maryann rivers , ceo of entertainment publications , which publishes community based coupon books and web sites .
i also believe that words that degrade individuals have no place in our public dialogue , whether it s on the campaign stump or in the pulpit , obama continued . in sum , i reject outright the statements by rev . wright that are at issue .
the korea herald reports the consumer confidence index fell to last month from . in september .
malia and sasha have already put their lists together .
they re meeting with the president at the white house .
dr pepper rolled out a marketing campaign in march promising a free soda to everyone in america on one condition axl rose , lead singer and frontman for guns n roses , had to finally release his year in the making belabored masterpiece , chinese democracy , in .
wednesday s ruling from u . s . district court judge paul huck may at last clear the way for noriega s transfer from a u . s . prison cell to france .
she says finding that part of her past uncovered both shame and pride and what she calls the tangled history of this country .
shaun is lonely , vulnerable and a ripe target for bullies .
the government wants north korea to resume sincere dialogue and the north needs to change , president lee said in a meeting with top military generals at cheong wa dae .
they were being pursued at the time by the paparazzi after leaving the ritz hotel .
this is a serious error , harper said .
they used phony papers and the identities of a dead man and a year old boy .
christine koubek , who reviewed the wonder for the web site cruisecritic . com , said that what disney cruise line does best is prove that elegant and family friendly don t have to be mutually exclusive .
cancun , mexico cnn hurricane dean picked up intensity as it churned toward mexico s yucatan peninsula monday .
the reports come as us president george w bush prepared to meet his communist chinese counterpart , hu jintao , at the apec summit in sydney , australia .
the seoul metropolitan government has demanded that president roh moo hyun put his government s controversial project to relocate the capital to south chungcheong province to a national referendum .
prosecutors said alexander ponosov had violated microsoft s property rights by allowing pupils to use computers with unlicensed copies of microsoft windows and office software .
authorities say daniels and another man drove up to the market about a . m . , smashed a window , wrapped a chain around the atm and used the pickup to rip it from the floor .
she was later joined by scott mcintyre and jorge nunez , and guess who s back back in tears
everybody looks at you funny , and you feel like you have a disease .
bush said he had ordered secretary of state condoleezza rice to write up a draft resolution that will be presented to the u . n . security council .
blair also said that he didn t believe the investigation would have led anywhere , except the complete wreckage of the vital strategic relationship for our country in terms of fighting terrorism , in terms of the middle east , in terms of british interests there .
in a press conference later following talks at mount vernon , the historic home of inaugural us president george washington , bush said the pair had agreed to work jointly to convince the iranian regime to give up their nuclear ambitions for the sake of peace .
but the event comes at a time when debate is growing about what it means to be malaysian , analysts say .
he would get bailed out that night and head to the next town with his snake oil brand of salvation .
some of the movie takes place around the e . t .
during their time in basra , british forces have helped the iraqis take more responsibility for governing the area , she said .
switching the habit of a lifetime has been tough for araujo s mother .
monks are our only hope now as they always have been in myanmar political history , said hla myint , a year old schoolteacher .
when most people think of jaguars , they think of the jungles of central and south america , not the remote desert ranges between the united states and mexico .
the protests began when university of dhaka students called for the removal of an army post from the campus .
he also expressed concern that the rise in energy prices oil is now trading at about a barrel could lead to both higher inflation and weaker levels of economic growth .
one of them threw acid on my sister s face .
marie therese de givry , prosecutor in the regional seat of pontoise , said people were arrested , raising the number from about cited earlier by police .
chris barber , chief of stancliff hose co . , said the year old sitter was frantically trying to help the children when emergency workers arrived .
the ap s bob ehler reports most of the auto dealers meeting in new orleans are trying to find ways to stay in business
some arizona researchers recently discovered that caffeinated coffee helps improve memory in older adults .
it was not immediately clear if a court could overturn joya s suspension .
juppe s defeat is a severe blow to sarkozy , who had ruled that ministers would have to leave his government if they lost .
the candidate , abdullah gul , earlier said he would not quit despite growing criticism from opponents and the army .
the next step is in sorting houses , which are hugely important , both economically and socially , for their place in the community .
more than rangers have been killed in the past decade at five national parks in eastern congo while protecting wildlife from poachers , rebels and illegal miners .
i think they went with the story before they had the evidence , bennett said during an appearance on cnn . if you really analyze the story it s like a big piece of cotton candy .
stern hugged birkhead and said he is not going to fight him for custody .
lying in a hospital bed in this rural hub of kenya s rift valley , a man describes surviving two machete wounds to his head and multiple slashes to his hands .
the film , which pollack co produced , received seven oscar nominations , including best picture and a best actor nod for clooney .
google is hoping to elicit oohs and ahhs with street view , which was introduced on its maps for the san francisco bay area , new york , las vegas , denver and miami earlier this week .
sen . arlen specter s admonition came sunday after the washington post published an editorial in which the embattled attorney general said he never asked that any prosecutor be fired for an improper reason .
oh i think we re behind .
the storm was moving northeast at about mph and was expected to continue in that direction and at that speed for the next hours , the nhc said .
embassy to protest the war . put something off until later
manchester united were unbeaten in their two group f matches against roma this season , winning at old trafford and drawing in rome .
serena di matteo , head of the iom sub office in herat , said , many of these people live in incredibly poor structures with practically no protection from the cold and have almost nothing .
to charges stemming from what prosecutors say was the biggest ponzi scheme in history .
so i think we want to minimize that as much as we can .
tourists sleep in while locals rise with the sun .
after centuries of expansion , tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its million residents .
south korea and the european union eu continued negotiations on tariff reductions in their free trade negotiations on thursday , but both sides failed to make a significant breakthrough , seoul s chief negotiator for the trade negotiations said .
viagra , for instance , has caused cardiac problems in a number of its users .
we can and we must exploit these vulnerabilities .
the half point cut wednesday followed news that the economy had slowed significantly in the final three months of last year with the gross domestic product expanding at a barely
the jogye order said the chosun ilbo defamed it in its coverage of the scandal involving former art curator and professor shin jeong ah .
the failure to release the results of last month s zimbabwe elections could cause the situation in that country to deteriorate further , with serious implications for its people , united nations secretary general ban ki moon warned wednesday .
the biggest quality that we are looking for is a desire .
john howard , who trails labor s kevin rudd in opinion polls ahead of a saturday s general election , claimed the liberal party had not authorized them .
just make yourself comfortable and enjoy the scenery .
the lengthy feud between the prosecution and court over arrest warrants sought for some korean executives of lone star funds is escalating to new heights .
have you stopped reading yet ?
according to the latest poll by the hankook ilbo , lee was leading the race with support of . percent , followed by park with . percent .
in return for playing the role , new line cinema offered the scottish actor up to percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role
exhibit organizers say they have sold and reserved , tickets ahead of the opening day on thursday and predict more than million visitors by the end of the year long show .
eddie bloomberg is staying at a shelter in santa barbara , but is still amazed at how quickly the wind has been spreading the fire
a senior palestinian official told reuters that arafat was suspected to be suffering from leukemia , a cancer of the blood that can be fatal . he spoke on condition of anonymity .
cayupi , who was at the fjord at the time of the quake , told the associated press by telephone that the waters were calm on sunday .
i m very angry at what happened , ambassador cameron munter said of the attack on the u . s . embassy in belgrade .
moroccan police seized numerous weapons in the february raids and later contacted european police for help in locating other suspects in the group .
internet users and company officials in china on wednesday blamed a series of disruptions to cross border email traffic on adjustments to the country s vast internet surveillance system .
the fbi said it was awaiting official confirmation of mughniyeh s death and the details .
a seoul prosecutor said a probe is under way on the alleged link between the two groups .
in its early years favorite movie honors went to the sting and one flew over the cuckoo s nest
transgender activists saw the masculine pronoun as disrespectful saying it was clear that araujo , who adopted the name gwen after singer gwen stefani of the alternative rock group no doubt , would have wanted to be referred to as a girl .
waldheim s ascendancy to the presidency led to a bruising controversy at home , and it damaged austria s reputation abroad .
after a peaceful start , the demonstration turned violent and some protesters started to throw bottles at officers , police spokesman lyder behrens said .
at a summit designed to bridge the divide between democrats and republicans , bloomberg said in january partisanship is limiting the nation s progress .
the judges convicted four others on lesser charges and acquitted one prime defendant of all charges .
two weeks from today , voters will have their say on the presidential candidates .
tough new zero tolerance laws to curb the sex trade and trafficking in women went into effect yesterday and authorities vowed to enforce penalties that include lengthy prison terms and heavy fines .
he said the armistice has successfully prevented unwanted combat and maintained peace between the two koreas .
although the system is not mandatory , banks and individuals are likely to embrace it because those who use the format will be given incentives , such as a higher daily transactions ceiling , on top of better security .
the view from the balcony is so wide that the american writer gore vidal who owned a nearby villa once defined it as the most beautiful in the world .
imagine finding a meter foot snake in your plumbing .
riot police were deployed sunday around the capital , but there were no signs of major protests , dealey said .
scientists have discovered evidence that hordes of dark , miniature galaxies surround ordinary galaxies , lending credence to the theory that the universe is comprised mostly of cold , dark matter .
germany s bild newspaper said sunday s arrival in paris would be a funeral procession .
and at comm , a massachusetts company , operates the north south tollway west of chicago , the largest etc installation in the country , with over lanes and more than , drivers billed electronically .
the white house has described media reports that it attempted to mislead the public over the destruction of cia interrogation tapes as pernicious .
as a way of fighting cash shortages amid spiraling inflation .
in a conference call after the results were announced , yang said the company was working to reduce costs in other ways than just slashing jobs , including relocating offices and consolidating real estate .
i wasn t too happy when i saw the draw , playing almagro first up , because he s a great clay courter and a very dangerous player on any surface , said federer , who finished runner up in the italian capital in and .
the spacecraft broke up while re entering earth s atmosphere near the end of its mission on february , .
the channel nine worm charts the changing opinions of undecided voters in the upcoming november elections .
tensions have been high along the iraqi turkish border , with turkey threatening to launch a full scale cross border offensive against separatist guerrillas from the pkk .
more than , homes in the area were damaged by the aftershock , according to local television reports .
some lawmakers say the state should be careful .
bmw said the united states remained its single biggest market for its bmw and mini cars , with combined sales up . percent to , in .
in addition to the fatalities , people were wounded , most of them civilians , an iraqi official said .
that abdominal fat , sometimes described as making people apple shaped rather than pear shaped , has already been linked to higher risk of developing diabetes , stroke and heart disease .
libya s supreme court last week upheld the death sentences , placing the medics fate in the hands of the high judicial council , which is controlled by the government and has the power to commute sentences or issue pardons .
the former boss at aig is joining the finger pointing over the company s near collapse .
taiwanese president ma ying jeou has been cultivating ties with beijing since winning office in march .
she and obama are now dead even at percent among likely democrats , according the newly released numbers from gallup .
like many of her counterparts on the ground , she took a couple of short breaks of a minute or two to stretch her legs or adjust her harness .
the international community should help in a constructive way to help myanmar to realize stability , reconciliation , democracy and development .
i chose to leap with clothes on , from a platform , feet above the city and gleaming lake wakapitu . their advice as i peered to the ledge below
japan claims to be hunting the whales for scientific purposes but the whale meat invariably is consumed in expensive japanese restaurants .
however , the pro government uri party showed a lukewarm attitude over closing the agency .
fewer still will be able to gain the government permission needed to gain access to the internet from their homes .
there s a sci fi familiarity to areas like shibuya , shinjuku and akihabara
the case reflects a marked increase in executions for the offense of communication with people outside the totalitarian country , reporters without borders said .
they may instead talk about sex , substance use , or violence because they are contemplating doing those things , or because they want to brag without actually doing what they say , moreno said .
when police tried to question the driver , he and another male in the passenger seat refused to get out or roll down their windows .
democratic voters remain evenly split over which of their candidates they would rather see get the nomination .
he said the two had been in touch within two months of cossey s october arrest in suburban philadelphia , but he said cossey was shocked by auvinen s november shootings at his high school in the finnish town of jokela .
earlier this month , rioting at a game in sicily caused the death of a policeman and forced authorities to take measures , including barring fans from many stadiums .
but services and facilities at the center will not be available for undocumented workers unless they are seeking assistance in voluntarily leaving the country
the taliban claims responsibility for the attack .
north korea is scheduled to host japan on june a qualifying match for the world cup .
the judgment stems from venezuela s june decision to take control of two projects it had entered into with exxon , the world s largest publicly traded oil company .
sweden sealed their place at euro with a group f victory over latvia in solna which rendered northern ireland s bid to win in spain irrelevant .
malouda refused to let rio ferdinand block him as he chased ashley cole s lofted pass and , aided by a tug on united defender s shirt , the france winger got in front off him to poke the ball past van der sar .
the press association president jorge camara said , we are all very disappointed that our traditional awards ceremony will not take place this year and that millions of viewers worldwide will be deprived of seeing many of their favorite stars celebrating s outstanding achievements in motion pictures and television .
and microsoft are working on ways for pcs to receive video programs directly from satellites .
what is certain is that cristiano ronaldo will be in the starting line up after serving a three match ban after being sent off at portsmouth .
when president george h . w . bush hosted president elect bill clinton after the election , the two talked for nearly two hours .
sarcoidosis is a rare and debilitating disease which causes lesions , most often appearing on the liver , lungs , skin , and lymph nodes .
the year old soccer great who led argentina to the world cup championship has been in the hospital for most of the last three weeks with ailments linked to excessive drinking .
in the u . s . military began allowing women to serve in posts other than front line infantry , special operations and artillery units .
singapore s . million people live in square kilometers .
this comes straight from the federal government , and it s not an email scam .
this means that we can maintain the course that was proposed by president putin , medvedev said .
clinton was asked about remarks her husband , former president bill clinton , made while on the trail for his wife in south carolina last month in which he seemed to imply that obama s success in south carolina would largely be based on his race .
so few tonkin snub nosed monkeys have survived in the wild that scientists thought until recently that they were extinct .
but with an eye on the newly affluent chinese , indians and other asians who increasingly travel overseas , singapore has begun work on several new attractions , including two big casinos , a universal studios theme park , and a ferris wheel , even though none of these is particularly singaporean . bollywood blockbusters
we re a close family and we try to take care of our own , he added .
in a letter to backbenchers , howard , who is , said he had made his decision after consulting liberal party colleagues .
analysts say the fall is in line with stocks heavy beating on wall street as many economists in the united states fear that the credit crunch will further impact the world s largest economy going forward .
the eight story telescope is a minute drive away , in the thin air above , feet , meters .
castro s brother raul , the year old acting leader , is strongly tipped to replace him .
president hugo chavez dared the u . s . on friday to put venezuela on a list of countries accused of supporting terrorism , calling it one more attempt by washington to undermine him for political reasons .
a malaysian cabinet minister has denied reports that his government has imposed a ban on migrant workers from india .
as christopher hill , top u . s . envoy to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms program , indicated saturday that washington was considering options other than negotiations , a senior official in pyongyang blamed washington for the collapse of the talks and said the north would continue to build its nuclear arsenal .
mccain trails obama by some percentage points in the latest ap yahoo news poll .
iraqi leaders want to make changes to a tentative agreement which would extend the stay of u . s . troops to .
the policeman died late monday in a french military hospital , u . n . spokesman alexander ivanko said from pristina .
london , england cnn british foreign secretary david miliband said thursday that british territory was used to transport two suspects in the cia s rendition program .
then , they and their guests were to party at vaux le vicomte , a th century chateau miles southeast of paris .
next , doctors this week will begin getting letters notifying them of the new warnings .
the search for the cause began immediately .
prosecutors claim they confirmed irregularities in the way lone star funds acquired the korea exchange bank keb in that could possibly force authorities to nullify the sale .
but the united states and north korea cannot agree on what items need to be on the list .
mugabe opened a new session of parliament tuesday by saying his government was battling to turn around the economy , which he says is a victim of sabotage by western and local opponents trying to end his rule .
half of all men whose partner has postpartum depression are depressed themselves , courtenay said .
two men accused of terror attacks in britain planned to kill themselves in a suicide bombing , sources told cnn wednesday after police found an apparent suicide note .
there is no treatment for severe ev infections nor does a vaccine exist .
it doesn t seem to me that any further inquiries at this stage would be appropriate or necessary , lord justice scott baker ruled . obviously , i will keep the position under review as we proceed to the hearing .
foreign governments would be strongly criticized because ransom payments are thought to encourage kidnappings .
u . s . assistant secretary of state chris hill said the talks had snagged on the amount of energy assistance pyongyang is to be awarded as an inducement for disarming .
i want to do it with all of us working together , said rudd , .
sen . barack obama scored big with new democrats in pennsylvania , early exit polls show .
a source in the popular resistance committees said the aim of the joint operation was to abduct an israeli soldier .
the status of the remaining two passengers is not clear local citizens aiding in the rescue effort believe no one survived the crash .
myra lopez , the associated press with ap news minute .
the two followed a more general warning at the start of the month .
north korea releases photo of kim jong il
a functioning workplace that is also a living laboratory for researching office design .
japan s korean population of about , is mostly second and third generation residents whose parents and grandparents came to work during japan s colonial rule of the korean peninsula .
some passengers were onboard , andy mallarangeng , a spokesman for the indonesian government , told cnn . watch what details first emerged
communist china has urged its citizens to be calm amid further anti western protests in the country , focused on french supermarket chain carrefour .
former virginia state police superintendent col . gerald massengill will lead the panel .
a widely expected move that allows him to avoid strict spending limits and take advantage of an unprecedented grass roots fund raising haul .
the program s directors pitch it as an innovative and safe way to help visitors better understand animals they d otherwise never see .
facebook surpassed myspace and bebo as the uk s most popular social networking site just last year with more than half a million daily users .
the diamond has received the highest possible grading , sotheby s said .
foreign ministry officials said that they had received no official notification on the agreement from moscow , despite meetings there two weeks ago between president roh moo hyun and president vladimir putin of russia .
the iskander missile system will be deployed in kaliningrad region to neutralize , when necessary , the missile shield , medvedev said . we are also planning to use the resources of the russian naval fleet for these purposes .
the korea times reports yongi kongju in south chungchong province was officially picked as the site for south korea s new administrative capital on wednesday , promptly adding fuel to a simmering debate on the capital relocation project across the nation .
ap national security correspondent sagar meghani reports the military is getting into social networking , and not to share posts about how awesome or terrible wolverine is
the rebels said only four sea tigers were killed when the navy attacked them during a training exercise .
awareness of the global cancer burden pandemic and its causes will help establish and enforce policies , resources and programs to control cancer and tobacco , and to de stigmatize cancer , according to the who report .
saudi arabia plans to cut oil production .
the quake destroyed , homes in a string of villages .
that s why she s pressing congress and the white house to support a financial bailout for the industry .
abbas aides said the two also explored ways to get moderate arab states involved in israeli palestinian peace making .
jinzhu subsequently mated with a male in march and gave birth days later , xinhua said .
small time whalers now commercially hunt only whales that are not regulated internationally .
sources familiar with the case have said that the pirates are demanding a ransom of about million , but that the ship owner is arguing that beyond , the company is not able to meet the demands .
following the mission , china and the united states would begin discussions to develop bilateral agreements on food and feed safety and on drug and medical device safety , the statement said . the two countries hope to have strong , action oriented documents by december , it added .
paramedics say they expect the injury toll to rise as demonstrators continued to clash with police .
accusing gonzales of contradictions in statements he has given about the firings , schumer complained that we still don t have all of the documents we requested from the justice department .
we have played some big matches in the past in big tournaments , hewitt said .
.
following a two day meeting in washington , d . c . , presidents and prime ministers from group of countries managed to find some common ground on both the causes of the crisis and areas that need to be fixed .
quoted below are the chairman s letters of the annual reports of companies that made workplace america s list of the biggest job reduction announcements .
roh told cheney , i understand the principle and necessity of relocation of american forces in south korea . but , he added , such a realignment of u . s . forces affects korean politics and the economy , according to the south korean statement .
in this case , you ve got some detective work to do .
rafael nadal came back from two sets down to beat mikhail youzhny and reach the wimbledon quarterfinals on thursday .
philip markoff allegedly lured them into hotels to rob them , killing one woman who fought back .
the final confirmation will be made next month after a series of public hearings and presidential approval .
they ve gone through too many servers , said leahy , d vermont those e mails are there , they just don t want to produce them .
a raid on a suspected gang of international jewel thieves has recovered an uncut ruby known as the prince of burma worth . million euros . million , austrian authorities said thursday .
captain peter burkill made a public statement friday praising his crew , especially coward , who did a most remarkable job .
the official , who asked not to be identified , did not elaborate but his comment suggested the administration had concluded that north korea had , in fact , not started reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods .
beckett said britain was following the precedent of the first security council debate on another very important global issue hiv aids in . we want to see the same thing happen with climate change , that it comes from the fringes into the mainstream , she said .
to earn the recognition and validation of the voters , milk has to shed his reborn hippie uniform and ponytail , put on a suit and get a haircut .
pope benedict will make a pilgrimage to the holy land in may .
the top republican on the ways and means committee , which developed the tax proposals , he cited statistics that show that oil companies already pay more taxes than many other industries .
the fund dubbed the mekong a biological treasure trove .
lawyers for the sheikh say the money was given to jackson while he was short on cash , and struggling to revive his career after his child molestation trial .
the former president stressed the need to hold the summit , urging the north to show a more active attitude .
the bureau said authorities will do everything they can to figure out who is responsible .
but beijing is gradually reforming its use of the death penalty .
in the historic city of gloucester , the river severn is expected to burst its banks later monday .
skype , the online phone service bought by ebay , noticed that many of its customers were small businesses .
how all this will impact spears career , and sales of her new album , has yet to be seen .
voting is at pcavote . com .
the student , whose name was not released , was shot three times monday and underwent surgery at new river valley hospital near radford , hospital spokeswoman deb sydnor said .
the somali forces scared off traders after firing shots in the air , witnesses said .
the bill also proposed tougher border controls to prevent more illegal immigrants from entering the country .
myanmar s government has put the death toll at , .
the un has launched a m m aid appeal for strife torn lebanon and the us has announced its own million package to ease the suffering of civilians .
when north korean boats towed our ships , south korean navy ships gave chase but it was too late , lee said .
paul mccartney , who is in the midst of a bitter divorce from his second wife , has been photographed kissing another woman in the hamptons .
the latest violence underscored the volatility of pakistan as the nation heads into the elections .
it s also probably fair to say that there isn t as much at stake here as there was in iowa the first primary of the season .
wrong part of the animated kingdom , my friends .
he should recognize that statements of this sort have racist functions and are to be deeply , deeply regretted , said professor steven rose of the british open university .
the six were reportedly also ordered to pay , to each of the children in their african sentencing , but it has not yet been revealed if the french court upheld that part of the punishment .
an afghan man charged with converting to christianity is set to be released from jail while his case is reviewed .
the lack of lyrics in spain s anthem has long created awkward moments for winning spanish athletes at the olympics .
los angeles , california cnn jane wyman , an academy award winner for her performance as the deaf rape victim in johnny belinda , star of the long running tv series falcon crest and ronald reagan s first wife , died monday morning at .
purr i really loved it .
a letter from kathleen turner , a spokeswoman for the office of the director of national intelligence , said that office and the national counterterrorism center concurred with the report s assessment that the united states has not met its national security goals in the tribal region but maintained that there was a plan in place .
they identified the bomber by two aliases , saeed and bilal , according to majeed .
he lied repeatedly to the american people to get us into the war . most americans oppose the war and want us to get out .
he felt a sharp pain , brought his hand out and saw the bite , said benjamin barksdale , assistant chief and chief fire marshal of the arlington county , virginia , fire department .
an illegal copy of the film has appeared on the internet , which often contains bootleg copies of films , even before they hit theaters .
zimbabwe state media have reported that the ruling party has opened its runoff campaign , urging president robert mugabe s supporters to get out to vote and denouncing violence .
city officials say , people are expected for the event , which will include lectures , book signings , tours , entertainment , and , according to the organizers , perhaps an alien abduction or two .
another israeli airstrike targeting a rocket cell in northern gaza killed one civilian and injured three others just outside jebalya , palestinian medical and security sources said .
keating , who lost his bid for re election as sheriff last year after serving a year term , faces at least one state charge of having sex with an inmate .
kim , who was , first went to iraq in june of last year as a translator for a korean trading company , gana general trading co , and was due to come home next month to celebrate his father s th birthday .
british people love pubs so much , in fact , that a recent survey found that they cherish only fish and chips and the queen more .
in a rare move saturday , the presidential office released a statement calling on the police to investigate the incident quickly and thoroughly , responding to growing public attention to the case .
after world war one , memorial day became a day to remember those who died in all the nation s wars .
marijuana possession should remain a crime in indonesia , but chefs who use the herb as a traditional way to season curries should not be arrested , the country s vice president told local reporters .
well , food scientists spend their days in laboratories developing and perfecting new flavors so that low fat birthday cake ice cream tastes good and not , well , low fat .
universal bought the items from vaccaro for million and spent more than million transporting the goods from new jersey to las vegas , altomare said . the goods were insured by lloyd s of london for more than million , he said .
the same day , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon is expected to arrive in an attempt to accelerate relief efforts , a spokesman said .
but craft using the space freeway , which resembles a complex arrangement of tunnels and passageways , take advantage of previously untapped gravitational relationships between the planets and moons .
cars and electronics account for a large part of south korea s exports to the nation economic bloc , which totaled us . billion last year .
the korea development institute , an autonomous economic policy think tank set up by the government in , switched to the national teachers pension plan in may .
meanwhile the israeli pm has hinted he may consider giving up palestinian districts in jerusalem in a peace deal .
authorities believe the militia has been responsible for killing sunnis and rival shiites .
his comments were relayed by airbus spokesman stefan schaffrath .
a woman with a baby was released by the hostage taker early on , she told a witness , lettie tzizik , who spoke to wmur .
under the plan , the ministry will reduce troops in three stages to around , by , while boosting its defense capability by aiming for greater agility and state of the art weapons systems .
in the northeast baghdad neighborhood of ur , a parked car bomb detonated at about p . m . sunday , wounding at least five civilians , the official said .
when i rushed there around p . m . , police had already sealed off the area , the newspaper quoted a manager surnamed liu as saying . i saw that our boss had two deep marks in his neck .
one protester had been hit on the head by a brick thrown from the government building , and two injured officials had also been brought in for treatment , he said .
so far , nearly british service personnel have died in iraq .
a union official says the boston globe and its largest union have reached a deal that could keep the year old paper in business .
the pills appeared to be over the counter sleeping medication , said police spokeswoman barbara chen .
beijing ap promoting china s future and his own , new premier wen jiabao promised principled , committed leadership on march and said his country must continue its path of reform and elevate rural living standards to keep the future bright .
now , a new study from italy is adding to the evidence that the mercury based preservative , once used in many vaccines , doesn t hurt children .
japan must confront its past of coercing women into prostitution with japanese troops in world war two , china s foreign minister said on tuesday , nonetheless stressing hopes of improved ties between the two asian powers .
although opec opted not to intervene , it did pledge to maintain constant vigilance over the market .
bush ducked , and the shoes , flung one at a time , sailed past his head during the news conference with prime minister nuri al maliki in his palace in the heavily fortified green zone .
some states require their delegates to support the candidate they are pledged to but most do not .
peterson is a member of teen mania s honor academy .
philippine ambassador susan castrence said it is bizarre that korea does not allow filipinos the visa even though an increasing number of koreans go to the philippines to study english .
twenty temblors above magnitude . have hit the area since , xinhua said .
abbas chose all political independents for the cabinet .
russia has called on iran to stop work on uranium conversion immediately , a day after it resumed operations at its nuclear facility at isfahan .
they were also to meet there with venezuelan president hugo chavez , who brokered the operation .
the u . s . military has recently intervened several times to help ships hijacked by somali pirates .
kennedy , , was airlifted to massachusetts general hospital after suffering the seizure on saturday .
his parents were rendered speechless .
toy maker fisher price is recalling types of toys including the popular big bird , elmo , dora and diego characters because their paint contains excessive amounts of lead .
the body of a fourth person
while full technical details will not be made public until late this week , the detection of sub surface water ice on mars is just what mars odyssey was sent into space to investigate .
hein verbruggen , the inspection team leader , said the impact of pollution on athletes performance was a particular concern .
yang jung rye of the pro park geun hye alliance , who was elected lawmaker in the april elections under the proportional representation system , faces questioning for alleged fabrication of her academic and career records .
somewhere there is a balance .
bomb warnings and plane hijackings are far from unknown in turkey , where a number of radical groups ranging from kurdish separatists to far left militants operate .
using genetic engineering , scientists at tokyo university say they have successfully switched off the rodents instinct to cower at the smell or presence of cats showing that fear is genetically hardwired and not learned through experience , as commonly believed .
in beichuan , parents of middle school students waited , hoping recovery teams would pull their children alive from the rubble of a middle school but search teams thursday could only recover bodies .
pound emerald at center of dispute
china s export driven economy is starting to feel the impact of the economic slowdown in the united states and europe , and the government has already cut key interest rates three times in less than two months in a bid to spur economic expansion .
ayurveda declined with the growth of modern medicine during the british rule but it is thriving again , particularly in kerala and tamil nadu in the south where home medicine chests contain ayurvedic pain balms and digestives alongside modern medications .
authority to make a film of it , translate it , sell it abroad , etc
serena williams set up a quarterfinal match against maria sharapova at the family circle cup , overcoming a sprained ankle and sluggish performance to beat katarina srebotnik on thursday .
patterns in the afterglow of the big bang are frozen in place only , years after the big bang , nasa said . at that time , the universe was filled with hot gas heated to , degrees kelvin , celsius .
pacemakers are designed to boost slow heart rhythms , and when exposed to magnets , they may deliver signals that tell the heart to beat faster , whether it needs to or not .
accordingly , qantas will proceed with strategies and plans for its future , the statement said .
banco delta asia had been blacklisted by washington since september for its complicity in north korean money laundering .
by the end of may , will shut because they are not expected to meet higher environmental standards , according to state media .
argentina s merval index of the bolsa de comercio de buenos aires tumbled more than percent , driven principally by stocks linked to petroleum industry companies tenaris and petrobras .
if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .
in , strel swam the length of europe s , kilometer , mile danube river , and then broke that record two years later when he swam , kilometers , miles down the united states mississippi .
he said thaksin , who was in hong kong , had telephoned to offer his congratulations after hearing the results .
he s been an outspoken critic of obama and his plans for closing down gitmo . he plans to make a national security speech in washington shortly .
kim , whose overseas visits are usually announced once they are over , held talks with president hu jintao , north korea s kcna news agency said .
residents hit by the deadly california wildfires have been warned to beware of extremely hazardous air quality .
there was a revolution going on , and everyone who was black was being swept up into it , like it or not .
envelopes containing the powder came in both today and yesterday .
pregnant man expecting a second child
all apologies , but here we are now , years after nirvana s breakthrough album irreversibly changed music , and the naked baby pictured on its cover is still chasing dollars .
the korean won briefly breached the psychologically important won to the dollar barrier during yesterday s trading , hitting its highest point since august .
they are donkeys , aren t they ? they have to be beaten to perform commands , fekadu said .
beijing pledged to hold a smoke free olympics and last month proposed a smoking ban in government offices , sports venues , hospitals and museums .
blair said a solution to mid east problems was possible but it required huge intensity and work .
government officials have not yet determined the cause of the blasts but think they were not intentional .
north korea , squeezed by u . s . imposed restrictions on its finances , tried to open accounts at a south korean bank , seoul government and bank officials said yesterday .
during testimony last week before congress , petraeus and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , said they believed the u . s . troop increase in iraq has had some success , an assertion that critics of the war have questioned .
as long as the marginal cost of driving is so low , the big changes aren t going to happen , said schipper , who supports both a larger u . s . gas tax and more fuel efficient vehicles .
time may be running out for polar bears as global warming melts the ice beneath their paws .
though indonesia s health minister last week announced that the country had shared three viruses with a who accredited laboratory in japan , it is uncertain whether further viruses will be shared .
global climate change , nasa s eyes on the earth provides up to date up to the minute in some cases information about how the planet is changing in a detailed and engaging format with graphs , tables , reports and interactive features which are easy to find , follow and understand .
they bowed their heads in prayer , and presenter nelson bustamante declared long live venezuela !
we must remember that turkey is part of this world and diplomacy has certain requirements , erdogan added , suggesting the world expected turkey to exhaust all nonmilitary options .
gates praised the doctors and other medical personnel at walter reed , and said they deserve support .
koreans are shunning ready to eat kimchi .
the high speed train ktx started its service .
pittsburgh , pennsylvania cnn a newlywed couple spent the night in separate jail cells she in her wedding gown after police said they brawled with each other , then members of another wedding party , at a suburban pittsburgh hotel .
the mccanns flew from faro in southern portugal with their year old twins sean and amelie .
a year old tokyo consultant , who asked that his name be withheld because he is worried about losing his job , had to declare bankruptcy when he found out that he had co signed more than million yen us million bank loans for his father s machinery business , which eventually went bust .
the draft resolution is pursuing political purposes other than human rights , li jong song said .
it took us a long time to get into this mess
the poll also indicates that more whites than blacks think the country is ready for
the reason the film needed such a visual and many others is because it s largely from the perspective of a man paralyzed by a stroke , left with full consciousness but only the use of his left eye .
they said all armed men were being asked to get off the streets of gaza and the west bank .
the talismanic striker , who scored the equaliser with a stunning free kick in saturday s serie a draw at cagliari , suffered a thigh injury during the game and has not recovered in time .
iraqi authorities are questioning three cafeteria workers and several security officers , said hassan al sineid , prime minister nuri al maliki s adviser .
the number of newborn babies also dropped from to , from , .
but krause teamed with fossil frog experts from university college london to determine that beelzebufo isn t related to other african frogs .
after the mishap , an official rolled up enough of the carpet so other players wouldn t have to step on it .
the aftershock was centered miles southwest of kalamata and miles southwest of athens , the usgs reported .
not long after businesses hopped aboard with tools geared for them .
serena will play no . jelana jankovic , and henin will face sharapova .
the train station that the militants allegedly targeted is used daily by thousands of commuters in the metropolis of more than million people .
i am waaaaay excited about this , said a fan nicknamed sprout .
and loenne said her team may have only begun to scratch the surface of the forest .
the most difficult decisions i have made in my life were to stay married to bill and to run for the senate from new york , she writes .
he was later captured but broke out of prison and returned to lead disaffected troops , said damien kingsbury , an analyst at australia s deakin university .
u . s . trade representative susan schwab was staying behind to meet with brazilian officials on saturday morning . brazil is the largest economy in latin america .
the number of people on the bridge at the time of the collapse is estimated at between and , , said nepal police officer nibandha budha .
but glenn was stunned when he saw what his hunting dogs had chased up to a high mountain perch .
pakistan imposed emergency rule on november . the commonwealth statement said
a los angeles galaxy spokesman was unaware of the claims . i don t know anything about it , and won t have anything for you today , he said .
the us officials , speaking off camera on condition of anonymity , said efps had also injured more than us personnel since june . they said us intelligence analysts believed the bombs were manufactured in iran and secretly sent to iraqi shia militants on the orders of senior officials in tehran .
chicago co stars renee zellweger and richard gere won for best musical comedy acting , and meryl streep and chris cooper received supporting performer honors for the loopy screenwriting comedy adaptation .
last may , the agency tested , people between the ages of and using a special internet addiction diagnostic test .
the suspect was granted million bail and confined to house arrest but fled to seoul the following year .
and in a statement issued sunday evening in new york , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon s office called for an immediate end to the campaign of violence and intimidation that has marred this election .
the democratic party is likely to meet rule breaking florida and michigan halfway when it comes to seating their delegates at the national convention , two members of the rules committee said wednesday .
the judge also fined each of the six defendants to pay , , to each of the children , according the cnn paris based affiliate , bfm tv .
employees go on vacation , which leaves the company short on help during this time .
about , people a year stay here during its brief summer season july to september , with , of them seeking glory on top of the matterhorn .
israeli officials maintain that iran still is working aggressively to build nuclear arms , despite the new u . s . conclusions .
milan , who beat genoa in their opening league game , join fiorentina as one of seven teams with four points in the league table .
but a new cnn poll of polls puts clinton s lead at just points over obama in pennsylvania , down from a double digit lead two weeks ago .
it puts gas at a national average . a gallon this morning .
according to courtenay , it s a double whammy . not only do our testosterone levels go down , but our estrogen levels go up and these female hormones coursing through our body can really wreak havoc on a man s functioning .
labor s victory over howard s center right liberal national coalition ends howard s quest for a fifth term .
senna , who had part of both legs amputated because of diabetes , got around town on a special , motorized four wheel cart .
she s the prize of the town s locals who say that in these tough economic times they ll take a gift horse
the three former employees are believed to have obtained u . s . green cards , a prosecution investigator said .
the heart of this city since it was founded by the aztecs in , the zocalo measures about , square yards the size of five football fields .
and while the power cut method worked well , maasdriel doesn t plan on a deliberate repeat .
myanmar s jailed opposition leader anung san suu kyi faces trial tomorrow
the new measure came after the restriction on dating among cadets was criticized as running counter to the academy s goal of producing sound individuals for the nation s armed forces .
the explosion happened at a tunnel whose entrance is located in a pigpen at the farm , the agency said . the cause was not immediately known .
in a reaction reminiscent of the authoritarian military rule of general park chung hee , the mbc television network decided to on sunday shut down its live music program after members of a local underground band were arrested for indecent exposure after a telecast on saturday .
citing phone records from the police investigation , al lahim said the man was trying to blackmail his client .
robertson says it s simple
. trillion , according to a senior administration official .
london , england cnn supermodel naomi campbell has been arrested at heathrow airport s terminal for allegedly spitting at a police officer , sky news television reported thursday .
at the same time , car makers are set to miss a target they set with the european commission nine years ago to bring down average emissions from new and imported cars to grams of co per kilometer by .
and the skiing couldn t be better some inches of snow a year .
concerns about hill s health he has been sick several times in the cold beijing winter and looked ill several days ago have elicited almost motherly concern from some female reporters .
cooked by steaming in immense bamboo baskets , they are similar to but usually much bigger than the dumplings found on dim sum menus familiar to many americans .
he said that he pretended to be gay in order to gather information about those who damage the image of the church with homosexual activity .
york says it s pretty obvious that jobless people are reluctant to spend .
ryan madson pitched a perfect eighth .
they found that two years after the change in fayette county s school start time , the crash rate for teen drivers dropped . percent .
chaebol on edge over samsung ruling .
two black bear cubs are suckling , and their mother looks back at ternent , alert but relaxed .
north korea is facing a december deadline to hand over a document declaring its past and present nuclear secrets .
when competing with bigger tour companies , small tour organizers need to stress their undeniable strengths .
it was a bit of redemption for all the losses , the jokes , the slights .
would mean that those committing the new offense would be given a criminal record and fined , ,
at some point , the two do become linked .
the shanks didn t notice in the fine print of wal mart s health plan policy that the company has the right to recoup medical expenses if an employee collects damages in a lawsuit .
as a strong believer in free markets , i would oppose such measures under ordinary circumstances .
more now , on tonight s showdown in st .
journalists and other witnesses have said troops opened fire with machine guns and tanks ran over protesters , killing hundreds , perhaps thousands .
stone talked with cnn about her career , her concerns and even britney spears . this is an edited version of the interview .
it had cut most of the seals that international inspectors placed on a deactivated nuclear reactor and has blocked monitoring equipment at the reactor .
a prominent scholar looking into the factual basis of a popular but widely criticized documentary film that claims to have located the tomb of jesus said tuesday that a crucial piece of evidence filmmakers used to support their claim is a mistake .
four soldiers and an iraqi soldier were killed in the ambush , which targeted a u . s . military observation post just outside mahmoudiya , south of baghdad , in an area known as the triangle of death .
san diego city councilman brian maienschein is walking neighborhoods and helping compile a list of homes that have been destroyed or badly damaged .
she , her husband , five children and other relatives erected a hut to live in
more rain is in the forecast for tonight for philadelphia .
president roh moo hyun s latest reshuffle of his security and diplomatic team is not going down well with political parties including his own .
government spokesman alfred mutua repeated kibaki s position that the opposition should take its grievances to court and said the administration is very open to dialogue .
asia market did well but as the day moved in , european and u . s . markets could not follow suit .
yushchenko summoned thousands of troops to the capital saturday , but forces loyal to yanukovych stopped them outside kiev .
sondra oster baras is an orthodox jew doing an unorthodox job .
in morning european trading the euro bought . , up from . late monday in new york .
she has won all the grand slams except wimbledon and took olympic gold in athens in .
both sharif and his brother , shahbaz , will run , said ahsan iqbal , spokesman for the pakistan muslim league n pml n .
the commission s report came a day after a un envoy accused the army of being in denial over the issue of extra judicial killings .
it presents objects from tutankhamun s tomb and more than artifacts from other royal graves of the same dynasty , all of them between , and , years old .
putin s united russia party had . percent of the vote from nearly percent of precincts reporting , according to the central election commission enough to form a majority with per cent of seats in the duma , russia s lower house of parliament , party leader boris gryzlov said .
i will work to build a single nation of justice and opportunity .
mccain will swing through virginia , maryland , florida and arizona in the upcoming week .
puffins , auklets and storm petrels are most at risk because they leave their eggs and young for extended periods while foraging .
a lot of attention centers on the fact that avocados are rich in monounsaturated fat , the heart healthy kind .
those arrested included two american guards , along with people from sri lanka , nine from nepal and iraqis , al moussawi said .
this time , five numbers flashed on the screen only briefly before they were replaced by white squares .
henry waxman , a democrat from california .
case closed , says the conservative advocacy group judicial watch .
a abc news poll found that nearly three quarters of those surveyed had observed someone using a phone or e mailing and text messaging in midconversation .
his neighbor , soleman khan , lost seven members of his family during the cyclone .
the new york police department said the incident , which blew a large hole in the street , was not terrorism related .
still , bush s approval number is still better than the lowest number for his father , george h . w . bush , who bottomed out at percent in july
the iraqi official rejected syrian calls for an immediate withdrawal of u . s . led troops in the area .
korean credit card spending overseas increased by . percent in the first two months of this year compared to the same period last year , reaching . million , according to bc card co .
in , the number reported was .
reality television featuring law enforcement officers on the beat is nothing new .
bush rallied the nation after the september , , terrorist attacks .
i asked her , does this mean , you think mccain is gonna win ?
caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro said in a statement that those who committed this cowardly act were neither believer of any religion nor of any human ethics .
calling it one of the worst safety violations he has ever seen , rep . james oberstar , d minnesota , is expected to call a hearing as soon as possible to ask why the airline put its passengers in danger .
we are looking for alternative suppliers because within to hours , we will have no more meat , said miguel calvete , who runs a chinese supermarket in the capital .
before moving to chile , fujimori had fled peru for japan , where he holds dual citizenship , as his decade long presidency neared its end in .
the korean ballistic and guided missile defense system would take a basic form compared to the u . s .
the online hangout facebook is getting more serious about grammar .
there are going to be bad days . you are going to have to work at loving someone when they are being an idiot .
the . magnitude earthquake hit monday afternoon , when thousands of children were in class .
extreme sexual violence against women is pervasive in the democratic republic of congo drc and local authorities do little to stop it or prosecute those responsible , a u . n . investigator said on monday .
recent controversy over korea exchange bank well demonstrates the uncertain prospects of merger deals involving major korean companies .
the league ii players can target the body part they want to injure on a football rival .
he said the group s leadership council has decided today that the two female hostages who are under custody of the taliban without any condition or return , and as a gesture of good will , will be released , so that the korean government , people and others would try to decide regarding the freedom of the rest of the hostages , and release our prisoners and accept our demands .
there will be big reductions in numbers if the ice melts , jon aars , a polar bear expert at the norwegian polar institute , said by the fjord in longyearbyen on the arctic archipelago of svalbard , about miles from the north pole .
this is a direct threat to the republic and its foundations , said deniz baykal , leader of turkey s main secular party , chp .
madrid , spain cnn sevilla midfielder antonio puerta , one of spain s most promising young players , died on tuesday three days after collapsing during a primera liga match .
it wasn t up to steve jobs standards . phil is not the showman that steve is , but he didn t have much material to work with .
many state and party organizations have made large amounts of money by going into business .
iraq had been a divisive issue for our party and our country , brown said .
patti solis doyle has been reassigned to a senior adviser s job , the clinton campaign announced in a memo to its staff .
kim man soo , presidential spokesman , said that the government or will reconsider whether roh will visit japan later this year as scheduled .
that order , by superior court commissioner scott gordon , provided no details and did not name any specific drugs .
travel across afghanistan s war torn provinces in search of the country s most talented singers .
fellow defense lawyer stephen scaring said another of the sabhnanis children , daughter tina , told him
hong kong s major index closed down . percent , while tokyo s bellwether nikkei lost more than percent , closing at its lowest level in years .
the tony nominations are out
this week s talks are also expected to discuss restoring south korea s humanitarian aid of rice and fertilizer to the north , and resuming reunions of families split by the border .
roh also attacked former gyeonggi governor sohn hak gyu , asking how he could be categorized as a candidate for the pro government camp .
before the anti impeachment rally started in the afternoon , about , protesters , mostly college students , gathered in daehangno , minutes by car away from gwanghwamun , to protest the u . s . presence in iraq on the first anniversary of the war .
the benchmark kospi index shed . points , or . percent , to close at , . , while the tech heavy kosdaq dropped . points , or . percent , to . .
president jose ramos horta , , looked thin and walked gingerly as he left the hospital where he had been recuperating after rebels shot him in the back during a coordinated attack in east timor s capital , dili , on february .
they agreed that both countries will not use any kind of force , a south korean diplomat said .
the u . s . delegation in seoul , led by assistant secretary of defense richard lawless , told the south koreans the troop reduction would not affect u . s . defense capabilities in the theater because the united state plans to bring in more modern weapons systems , according to kim sook , head of the south korean foreign ministry s north american bureau .
thousands of spectators watched saturday as the two whales swam looping half mile laps around the port of sacramento after declining earlier efforts to lure them into the pacific ocean .
a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky
the frenchman , who has won a string of matches on grass , including a challenger tournament in london at the same time as he was qualifying for queen s , looked much more at ease on the surface than the year old former wimbledon champion .
as the story goes , princess roro anteng and her husband , joko seger , settled in the foothills of the volcano .
who doesn t want to run away with the circus and i m a clown with or without makeup on .
on sunday , the weather service posted tornado warnings during the afternoon for parts of kansas and oklahoma , and severe thunderstorm warnings were extended across parts of missouri , kansas , oklahoma and texas .
at baghdad s al quds elementary school , the commandments are painted in black and red on the walls of the entrance and in the classrooms .
gone is the simple back rub with some oil tossed in .
economic growth in the united states is expected to slow to a crawl of just . percent this year , which would mark the worst pace in years , when the country last suffered through a recession , the imf said .
former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who has been living in exile since , says she plans to return to her country on october .
university police chief wendell flinchum said police were still investigating whether the two incidents are related .
president reagan died in june after a long battle with alzheimer s disease .
when in use , headphones are a safe distance from the implanted device .
one memory test included three year old chimps who d been taught the order of arabic numerals through , and a dozen human volunteers .
for a worldwide economy already on the rocks , the credit freeze up could mean a global recession as banks hoard money and business can t expand .
security was stepped up around the hotel and at the three archaeological sites sarkozy and bruni were to visit the luxor temple , the city s museum and the karnak temple .
two iraqi cabinet members warned parliament that if the pending security pact with the u . s . is not passed , the country will face economic trouble brought on by security problems .
that s being done through plug in conversions and adding more powerful batteries to currently available gasoline electric hybrid cars , such as the toyota prius .
the rate is used to set rates for a wide variety of consumer loans , including credit cards , and many business loans .
dozens of firefighters and rescue crews converged on the multi story red brick office building and police cordoned off a four square block are around the rubble littered street .
his remaining rival , sen . hillary clinton , does not plan to concede the race tuesday night , campaign chairman terry mcauliffe told cnn but one of her leading supporters said a moment of truth was at hand .
madrid , spain cnn sevilla s year old spanish international antonio puerta was in a very serious condition in hospital after collapsing with a heart attack during the win over getafe on the opening day of the primera liga season .
vice foreign minister yu myung hwan called the japanese ambassador to the ministry to make an official protest against the japanese premier s visit to the shrine .
her mother made the same journey years ago as one of nine black students integrating the previously all white school . i always want people to realize that this is their history too .
a british woman , who managed to cling to a part of the cave , was found alive after a long search , pichan said .
their meeting , china s foreign ministry told reporters , resulted in agreement on the issue that generally echoed a un statement issued friday .
she was one of the first back after katrina and said her neighborhood had been a lonely place for too long .
it s like christmas in june .
but correspondents say expectations for any lasting progress are modest .
leader said that while seoul would not tolerate the north s alleged atomic weapons program , it wanted to move ahead with reconciliation efforts .
a day after israel and the palestinians formally relaunched negotiations , olmert s comments appeared in thursday s haaretz newspaper on the th anniversary of the passing of a u . n . resolution to partition british run palestine between jews and arabs
the ministry of health recommended that residents and travelers to the high alert area in northern argentina , near the borders of brazil , bolivia and paraguay , also receive the vaccine .
at p . m . et , all storm warnings and watches had been discontinued in the area , according to the national hurricane center in miami , florida .
tidal wave warnings went up today all the way from hawaii to california to the west coast of canada .
he cast a positive outlook for the korean economy , saying i believe we can make some serious achievements . however , he said many investors are not certain about the factors required , including openness and transparency .
in an unprecedented attack on press freedoms , the roh moo hyun government ordered journalists tuesday to either use its recently established consolidated press rooms or leave government buildings , while cutting the electricity supply in lobbies and other areas where journalists defying the new system have been writing stories .
some of the victims were waiting in line to get christmas presents wrapped at von maur , an upscale department store .
shuttle discovery will be docked with the international space station for the next days .
the hotel has more than , rooms , including penthouse suites , and conference rooms .
the nobel peace prize winner has been held by burma s military junta , mostly under house arrest , for of the past years .
and he ordered the parents to go through joint co parenting counseling and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys .
the us appears to be moving the goalposts in the fta game .
rome , italy cnn a vatican official has listed drugs , pollution and genetic manipulations as well as social and economic injustices as new areas of sinful behavior .
in a televised address , morales announced that the referendum on his administration and the governors of the nation s nine departments will be held august .
as they were turning around , the other tree fell on the car .
a bloody , naked year old woman who police later determined to be marquez s daughter and the girl s mother was in the room , chanting something that was religious in nature , tranter said .
his remarks came as the six party talks on pyongyang s nuclear programs set to resume in beijing .
democratic rivals barack obama and hillary clinton offered up their solutions for fixing the subprime mortgage crisis as people in wisconsin braved the single digit weather to cast their votes .
korea ranked only th for quality of life .
the hard rock hotel was packed to capacity as it hosted concerts by west , cent and linkin park . hilton , ciara and mario lopez took in s poolside show . .
a visitor to the island , miles from anchorage doesn t have to look far to find evidence of vermin .
europe s financial markets suffered more heavy losses wednesday despite the world s leading economies slashing interest rates to tackle the global financial crisis .
it was not yet clear whether the gun went off in the struggle or was a shot aimed at the president .
the canadians then forwarded the information to the new york police liaison officer in canada , who alerted police . however , it was eventually determined by the canadians and nypd that the incident posed no threat .
according to the chosun ilbo , the recent issue of newsweek magazine reported that president roh moo hyun s continuing pursuit of mega projects such as the administrative capital transfer that need excessive government fund spending may lead korea into a debtor status .
but the documents also provide a glimpse into clinton s life during her husband s publicized affair .
critics , however , said the measures discriminate against foreigners and violate their privacy .
under the program , students from families earning less than , a year do not have to contribute to the cost of tuition .
instead , reach for your baking soda .
villagers have been warned not to venture into a . mile permanent danger zone around the volcano .
washington cnn citing tiger population counts that have dwindled to a few thousand , several hollywood stars have come out in support of a preservation campaign announced monday by the world bank .
the pkk , which seeks more rights and autonomy for turkish kurds , is labeled a terrorist group by europe and the united states .
the white house claims that president bush has the right to reject congressional requests for documents or testimony from staff members .
death toll is over now .
atlanta , georgia cnn during the first seven years of their relationship , judy kelly doesn t remember her boyfriend , bill horrisberger , ever going to a doctor .
india s current crop of missiles have been largely intended to confront neighboring archrival pakistan .
it s an important region to study , researchers say , because it shields most dangerous cosmic rays that would otherwise rush into the space around earth .
while people may be looking to spend less , they aren t necessarily cutting back on necessities or luxuries .
the national police commissioner has said in kenyan society , churches are considered sacred and no one would expect such violence there .
sarkozy is also strongly opposed to turkey joining the european union .
in china , kitty fever has already broken out .
world bank president paul wolfowitz admitted thursday he made a mistake and apologized for his handling of the promotion and pay increase of his girlfriend and staffer shaha riza .
we assess that these activities are coming from the senior levels of the iranian government , one official said .
remember all the talk about a gallon gas prices that awaited us last summer ?
heavy snows have been known to slam into the nation s capital on inauguration day .
we are confident that it will be technically feasible to achieve a reliable neanderthal genome sequence , paabo and his researchers reported .
the scene was reminiscent of the summer of , when avid korean soccer fans donned red t shirts and flocked to cheer for the national team during the world cup .
it belonged to a queen . hawass said he believes the pyramid belongs to queen sesheshet , who is thought to have played a significant role in establishing the th dynasty and uniting two branches of the feuding royal family .
hotel antico borgo di trastevere
justice minister harriet harman who has called for the government to apologize for mistakes over the iraq war won a vote among of . million party and labor union members and was named brown s deputy party leader , beating a challenge from five fellow legislators .
what i don t want to do is contribute to the divide , he said . at least for this moment , i think the reasonable thing for me to do is let voters make their decision .
it was like a tornado , she said .
i m mark smith , live at the white house , where president bush has given a desperate detroit a reprieve .
tech stocks led the way , and there are high hopes for export driven recoveries for rebounds worldwide and an easing yen .
polls suggest that many south koreans see the us as a bigger threat to peace than the north , and demonstrators were planning a raucous reception for rumsfeld as he prepares for talks with south korean leaders .
the united states , the iraqi government and the autonomous krg have launched diplomatic efforts to keep turkey from launching an offensive against the pkk .
he will be the first russian president to travel to iran since joseph stalin attended a summit of the allied powers in .
we really hope that someone will manage to photograph it .
intelligence officials say daqduq is one of hezbollah s top special operations commanders , an expert in the use of roadside bombs .
coach raymond domenech had enlarged his squad to players when he called up manchester united defender mikael silvestre and psg defender zoumana camara .
their monthly house payments will be based on applicants income and subsidized by funds raised by pitt s foundation .
the indian rail system one of the largest in the world , with , trains a day serving million people is simply too big to protect fully , many experts believe .
masondo said of the city s cemeteries were already at full capacity and , although enough spaces remain for the foreseeable future , other options must now be considered .
east timor s president xanana gusmao is taking control of the country s national security and defense in a bid to defuse mounting unrest .
the presidential security council yesterday issued a statement denouncing the taliban for killing one of the korean captives .
the kenyan sunday nation newspaper quoted the local district commissioner abdi halake , who said that six people were killed and houses were burned to the ground in the weekend violence .
ebert has been a film critic at the chicago sun times since .
ismael rios , a spokesman for the puebla government , said the landslide brought down at least tons of earth and rock piled feet high .
thirty percent of those questioned favored the war , while percent opposed it .
the urban unemployment rate through october this year was percent , lower than the government s projection of . percent .
he went straight in without waving .
the fight began when armenian clergy were holding a procession to commemorate the finding of the cross believed to have been used in the crucifixion of jesus , according to the associated press .
it will be produced in a manufacturing plant being built in the northeastern indian state of west bengal .
i decided to become a politician to change society , to deliver the message that we aren t ashamed to be what we are .
the andalucians became only the second side to retain the trophy after a pulsating game , played in driving rain , ended after minutes , condemning espanyol to more european final heartbreak years after they lost the final on penalties to bayer leverkusen .
sadly , after this interview was conducted , her father , emilio diaz , passed away unexpectedly .
roh described gnp candidate lee myung bak s campaign pledges as empty , while calling park geun hye , another gnp hopeful , the daughter of a dictator .
i cannot go to the markets because of him . i am asking people for help because i cannot leave him alone in the house .
the endorsement anticipated readers asking how the new york paper could reject giuliani , a man it endorsed for re election in and praised for his work cleaning up crime in the city and during the time of the september , attacks .
the others were treated at a local hospital , mostly for minor injuries .
these days , the internet has forever changed the rules .
schwarzenegger s announcement comes on the heels of another special session he called in august to deal with the budget shortfall .
but the greatest of these is charity . obama campaigned as someone who would strive to bridge the nation s bitter partisan divide .
light , sweet crude for november delivery dropped cents to . a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange by midday today in singapore .
an internet oversight board gave the web a new batch of domain names , choosing . biz , . name , . info , . pro , . museum , . aero , and . coop to help ease the dot com name crunch .
also , ucsf s fred cohen points out , a prion can alter healthy brain proteins only if it resembles them
not guilty to all charges , obviously .
after an emergency session , it also called on burma s generals to allow a special un envoy into the country .
on wednesday , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice met with guterres to outline a new u . s . program for iraqi refugees , which includes million for additional funding for unhcr
the political can t get more personal than that .
chinese officials said at a monday media briefing that winds gusts were measured up to mph km h on everest s north slope , making a climb too treacherous to attempt .
the aircraft suffered multiple bird strikes as it was approaching ciampino airport , mcnamara said .
president roh moo hyun yesterday tried to relieve pressure on the government to produce breakthroughs in his summit with north korean leader kim jong il later this month .
officials said the red mosque , or lal masjid , complex had been cleared of militants but troops were combing the area for booby traps and explosives .
kazemi s lawyer will have the option of taking his case to the european court of human rights to request an interim measure that could allow kazemi to stay in europe until further notice .
the outspoken baldwin has now written a book , a promise to ourselves
another political complication for prodi is the first criminal trial in the cia s extraordinary rendition program .
israeli defense minister ehud barak echoed bush s comments tuesday .
el nino , which can affect weather conditions around the world , is often first seen as increased sea surface temperatures in the pacific along with changes in wind patterns .
speaking on nbc s today show , branson described his friend fossett as a remarkable individual who touched the lives of those he knew .
he traveled to panama and spent four years with the emberas indian forest population .
odka said he believed it was the biggest explosion in mogadishu to date .
israeli government spokeswoman miri eisen welcomed damascus decision to attend .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id days of clashes between the army and rwandan and congolese militias in eastern congo have killed at least combatants and forced thousands to flee , the army and u . n . officials said tuesday .
in , petraeus , sent ward a postcard during the division s first deployment to iraq , thanking him for keeping his shop open during the deployment and giving haircuts to children of our families .
more than people died in pisco , and almost percent of the city of , residents was destroyed , minister of health carlos vallejos told andina television . there aren t any buildings that are in good condition .
the new strain is suspected in at least deaths in mexico .
what matters here is that it was done in line with the law , he said .
both countries still have large state sectors .
patients trying to view the web site of a united kingdom hospital instead found themselves watching instead of information about queen s hospital in burton upon trent , visitors unwittingly downloaded adult material after the site s webmaster in the united states reallocated its internet address to another company .
the north korean army announced yesterday that it would re examine the armistice agreement that suspended the korean war and agreements between pyeongyang and the united nations command .
ike skelton , d missouri , chairman of the house armed services committee .
new polls show barack obama bolting ahead of john mccain in three crucial battleground states just five weeks before election day .
korean air will be forced to cancel , or percent of its scheduled flights today as its unionized pilots enter the second day of their strike .
kennedy , , will return to his home in hyannisport , massachusetts , after undergoing a hour operation on june to remove the majority of a malignant glioma from his left parietal lobe .
obama lost the democratic primary in pennsylvania by percentage points .
chadian ambassador to the united states mahamoud adam bechir said the rebels were mercenaries supported by the government in neighboring sudan .
she asked that the will of her husband of years be admitted to probate .
in addition to the dual baghdad bombings , random gunfire across the capital led to the deaths of two people and the wounding of , the ministry said .
police have said no motive has been determined .
the resolution was tabled in response to north korea s decision to test fire seven missiles earlier this month , including a long range taepodong , which is believed capable of reaching alaska . japan is reportedly considering further sanctions against north korea , after pyongyang denounced a un resolution criticizing its recent missile tests .
perper went into detail , after an attorney for birkhead pressed him about the integrity of the chain of evidence .
we believe it s possible the executors of the attack were iranian or iranian trained , the u . s . official said .
a u . n . spokeswoman in gaza city described the scene as chaotic and said palestinians were running in all directions and were fighting among themselves .
the mine is in the city of novokuznetsk , about , kilometers , miles east of moscow . it is in a major russian industrial region , with some of the world s largest deposits of coal .
at times it was pretty violent , police spokesman flemming steen munch said .
ford acknowledged that some of the group s registered members may not be ready for the auction block .
phillips cruises and tours offers a glaciers in one day tour aboard a high speed catamaran from whittier , miles southeast of anchorage , to see glaciers in prince william sound .
government forces used tear gas and water cannon to disperse the crowds .
withdrawing prince harry from afghanistan was a decision that has been made by the defense staff , and i think everybody will respect that to be the right decision , british prime minister gordon brown said friday .
a private interment service will be held the next day in charlotte .
some of those arrested had trained abroad as pilots so they could fly aircraft in attacks on saudi arabia s oil fields , the interior ministry said friday , according to the associated press .
the trial , at the university of east anglia in norwich , eastern england , will test whether a natural compound found in cocoa , the main ingredient of chocolate , could cut the risk of heart disease among women with diabetes .
they allow me to buy it in bulk , but i have to pay for my lego like everybody else .
seattle , washington cnn a woman who spent eight days trapped in a wrecked vehicle has severe injuries , but her brain function is normal and she can move her arms and legs , her physician said friday .
he is the latest in a run of senior officials to leave the white house .
the incident took place shortly before the relay was to begin , prefaced by a ceremony of cleansing and dancing conducted by aboriginal australians .
at the same time , the european central bank said it was pumping money into the banking market to boost liquidity .
the war czar would report directly to bush with the power to tell cabinet secretaries what to do and yet have the diplomatic skills not to use that tone of voice , the official said .
the obama campaign has bought a half hour slot on cbs , nbc and fox for million per network .
otsuji , who served as a local legislator in the western city of osaka for four years until april , said her decision to become a politician was inspired by the pain and isolation of the five years it took her to accept that she was a lesbian .
unlike other genes thought to be involved with appetite or calorie burning , scientists have no idea yet what fto is supposed to do .
the situation remains severe , japanese envoy kenichiro sasae told reporters late sunday .
i was much better today than yesterday . i was in a good rhythm and much more aggressive .
the violence followed a peaceful rally earlier by at least , people outside the main parliament building .
melatonin like drugs only exert a modest sleep promoting effect . instead , they wrote , they amplify day night differences in alertness and sleep quality .
the korea times reports about percent of key public office holders , including president roh moo hyun , increased their personal wealth last year .
russia took over the rotating security council presidency on tuesday , setting an agenda for the month that focuses on the crisis in sudan , the u . n . role in iraq and the world body s counter terrorism efforts .
the beads are meant to be coated in a non toxic glue , but a batch in australia was found to be covered with a substance that did not match the approved formula .
ruslana korshunova , , was a native of kazakhstan who was living in new york s financial district .
the government can search your sensitive personal information at the border .
i am writing to the state government to provide money to build the temple and help the parents look after their daughter , ram said .
democrats argue mccain used expected funds as collateral to get a multimillion dollar loan last year , but mccain s camp denied that .
. what areas do i need to develop to advance my career ?
he was in the news in december after he used his long arms to save two dolphins by pulling plastic out of their stomachs .
more than percent of south korean people want the country to have a more independent policy toward the united states in the future , according to a korea times hankook ilbo survey .
if fundamental human rights are suspended , we will not accept it . the nation will not accept it , and i know other political parties will also not accept it .
canada agreed this month to extend its commitment of about , troops until so long as nato contributes more troops to kandahar .
there is a long tradition of presidents issuing pardons and commutations during the holiday season .
gael monfils advanced to the round of eight for just the third time all year by beating michael berrer , , .
afghanistan has seen a wave of kidnappings in the last week .
shortly after israeli prime minister ehud olmert said his country s policy of restraint could not continue , an israeli strike on a hamas training camp in southern gaza killed four people .
asset values are likely to rise and , for occupiers seeking modern office space , the occupation costs of new leases will increase .
but you know , to lock in losses when you know you got companies out there that are making money .
his popularity has prompted a wave of calls by political allies for him to change his mind .
the objective , he said , is to put all the information on one web site , where people can access not only trails but also other programs that are accessible , such as museum exhibits , camp sites and visitors centers .
it was in the context of promoting the sci fi remake that hamm revealed his tonsorial frustration .
it s the idea of social computing holding families together .
the girl s disappearance more than four months ago received prominent coverage both in the uk and internationally , with celebrities , including soccer icon david beckham , offering their help to draw attention to the case and raise money for the search .
a south korean patrol boat was sunk that left at least four south korean sailors dead and others injured , officials in seoul say .
she s a little tentative , not having skied since last season , but the hip , young instructors put her at ease right away .
last year , however , the band s drummer , oh joon , went to new york as a deputy permanent representative to the united nations . vershbow reportedly heard rumors that the band was looking for a drummer and wanting to participate in the parade of nations , and told the host of the event that he would like to play with them .
the figure is up . percent from some . million outbound passengers in the same period last year , when overseas travel diminished in the aftermath of the global outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , sars .
i don t think i realized what the term was called , witherspoon told the associated press at september s toronto international film festival , where rendition played in advance of its theatrical release friday .
he was pardoned by former president clinton at the end of his second term , while holder was deputy attorney general .
it was around feet at mid day , and the weather service says it ll fall another feet by thursday morning .
but the affection no longer seems a shared experience .
specifically , thompson leads among men , southerners , voters age and older and ideological conservatives .
endeavour is scheduled to land in florida sometime tomorrow .
sderot , israel cnn israeli children thursday morning toted colorful backpacks to school in this town on the gaza border , on the first day of a truce that israel hopes will end the barrage of rockets that have pummeled sderot in recent months .
china , russia and south korea have already voiced opposition to sanctions .
his visit is the first by a chinese defense minister in over nine years .
in response , the seoul government said on tuesday that it will conduct investigations into the affected products to determine the truth of the allegations , while trying to hold a high level consultative meeting to resolve the looming kimchi trade war before it gets out of hand .
the game had almost all the ingredients fox could have hoped for
every time sunlight warms our skin , your body produces vitamin d .
critics said there was also a striking resemblance in the portrait with the monarch s mother , queen elizabeth the queen mother , who was famously captured by photographer cecil beaton in traditional poses .
on arriving at the stadium , the princes greeted singer nelly furtado and s chart toppers duran duran .
musharraf announced in that he had pardoned khan .
in afternoon trading wednesday , the index gained another . points to , . .
a peacock that roamed into the parking lot of a burger king in new york city was beaten by a man who insisted it was a vampire .
this was paul and donna cooney on the day they won million in the florida lottery .
famous ap photograph was taken of a second flag raising later the same day .
one lower lumbar vertebra is wedged shaped in women and more square in men
he specifically cited iraq and afghanistan .
concerns out here of some kind of a grand bargain , developed in secret , are completely unrealistic .
a slew of products , from games like nintendo s brain age to more sophisticated computer assisted software , are marketed at consumers worried about losing their mental sharpness .
right now i am only years old , so i m really excited about what i
in a milestone , the tribunal opened its doors tuesday for its first public courtroom proceeding .
most dinosaurs lived to only about age , though some reached , the researchers said .
others are concerned that the ultra cheap vehicle could dramatically tax india s already poor infrastructure and contribute to the country s existing urban gridlock .
clinton s pennsylvania victory was buoyed by support from working class and white voters , but obama dismissed the notion sunday that race will be a factor in the presidential election .
the attack occurred wednesday inside a police recruitment center in the southern part of the town , eight kilometers five miles from where the korean troops are based .
to help cushion the blow , the bush administration and congress speedily enacted a billion stimulus package of tax rebates for people and tax breaks for businesses .
then shot the president in the chest and stomach .
reigning world cup downhill champion didier cuche of switzerland finished third , bouncing back after a disappointing nd place in saturday s downhill .
they have nowhere to go .
the experimental approach , which utilizes a genetically engineered protein to help the body grow new bone exactly where it is needed , has proven percent effective in early tests in patients with slipped vertebrae and fractures , researchers say .
he spoke of his excitement at being involved in the record journey and said he believed the record time would never be beaten . i feel very honored to have driven the train today , said the year old .
at times , they face violence .
how many recording artists have enjoyed years of success while never having toured ? the fans are very , very loyal , says the irish chanteuse .
then years old , gatlin had been taking the medication for attention deficit disorder since childhood .
washington cnn travelers from england , france , germany , japan and about two dozen other visa waiver countries will be required to register electronically before boarding a plane or boat to the united states , the department of homeland security said tuesday .
according to mattel s uk office , the online version of the popular board game was created by a third party organization based in india .
the assistant principal at one of those schools is in critical condition and on a breathing tube .
the year old former emcee of the price is right won his th trophy as game show host , beating a field that included last year s winner , alex trebek of jeopardy !
time to hit the beach , and a sandy strip in hawaii has been named no .
the united states and other countries have pushed for international sanctions , but china said that only a more conciliatory approach would work .
besides freeing up the funds , countries involved in the six party talks are to provide emergency energy assistance equivalent to , tons of heavy fuel oil .
his publicist , judy katz , told the associated press on monday that he s fine , he had something removed , he s coming out tonight .
at least suspected kurd militants were killed , the turkish military reported , adding it suffered casualties .
but the memories of the may temblor still haunt the young boy .
a computer instructor and his four bodyguards
evenly applied law and a level playing field are also important , eldon , , told a press conference in seoul .
police cordoned off the new life church and locked down several local buildings .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack confirmed that rice called musharraf early thursday , characterizing it as a good discussion , without providing details .
it then shows mounties purportedly shocking robert dziekanski with a taser device after confronting him . dziekanski did not speak english .
hezbollah denied firing any rockets at haifa israel s third largest city . there were no reports of injuries or damage .
all the things that have been published over the last eight years are wrong .
he said it offers unique evidence that an advanced honey industry existed in the holy land at the time of the bible .
the find triggered a wave of outrage among political leaders on tuesday , with prime minister shinzo abe saying anonymously throwing out a child is unacceptable .
incredible individual , branson said .
the campaign plays off regional superstitions that contact with women s panties can sap a man s power .
that s important to oscar broadcaster abc .
before sarkozy spotted him , cole had driven his boat up to the patrol boat , identified himself and received permission to be there .
this helps explain why we do crazy things for love , says dr . brown .
experts said the hackers appeared to disguise their origin , but vast amounts of rogue data in the attacks were traced to south korea .
van marwijk , who now coaches dutch club feyenoord , will begin his new job in july and has signed through the world cup in south africa , the dutch soccer federation said monday .
the us president and australian prime minister have reaffirmed their alliance in the wars in iraq and afghanistan after talks at the white house .
fbi agents arrested blagojevich and his chief of staff , john harris , early tuesday on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of president elect barack obama s successor to the senate , the u . s . attorney s office said .
footage from the scene showed firefighters trying to extinguish the tanker , which was charred along with nearby cars and gas pumps .
on january , google will make the top ideas available online for public voting for one week .
ono , , the wife of the late beatle , made the comment on desert island discs , the british broadcasting corp . radio program that interviews famous people and plays their favorite songs .
he thinks it s more likely the name hanun .
obama had been courting edwards for four months .
los angeles , california cnn heiress and entrepreneur paris hilton said saturday she has directed her attorneys not to appeal a judge s friday decision sending her back to jail following her brief release on home detention .
the olympic flame s run was limited to a track around the senayan sports complex to prevent disruptions from protesters , something that has marred the relay in several other cities , the indonesian sports committee said . the relay was shortened to just over miles km .
it said the jet carried passengers .
when obama faces giuliani head to head , giuliani wins by percentage points , to .
fortis has been positioning itself as a broker in the energy market , purchasing credits and selling them to companies that need to meet european pollution standards with offset carbon credits .
marathon director , the reverend michael hall , says it started sunday evening , and will continue day and night , rain or shine , until thursday , the national day of prayer
i apologize to the people , . chung told reporters before entering the office where his son , chung eui sun , president of kia motors , had been quizzed for hours last week . the prosecution said .
smith s estranged mother , vergie arthur , wants to take the body home to texas to be buried with family members .
catherine hinkle , , a pharmacist from overland park , kansas , recently spent more than after a taping .
the perception that in the u . s . a . soccer is a game for girls after the teenage years is changing .
so if you look at a eleven outlet , you might see a tiny yellow alien hovering by the door , visible only through the viewfinder and invisible to others .
south korea hailed it as a landmark in relations between the two countries .
kasparov has been a driving force behind the coalition , which has united liberals , leftists and nationalists in opposition to president vladimir putin .
tim geitner is uniquely qualified uh , to do this job
oh my god , it s so green .
one of the most puzzling and compelling questions for astronomers is what the universe is made of .
earlier this month , the head of china s general administration of quality supervision , inspection and quarantine said the visitors from the u . s . food and drug administration would specifically discuss a dispute over china s seafood exports .
lopez added that he suffers from migraine headaches , stress , insomnia , depression and hypertension .
in exchange , fox used the event to promote its big action movie , independence day , in which hostile aliens do the galaxy a favor by blowing up new york city .
the behavior was unacceptable and it caused damage to the entire country s image .
british troops sunday handed over responsibility for security in the southern iraqi province of basra , a major milestone in the scaling back of the foreign military presence nearly five years after the u . s . led invasion .
the government reports consumer prices fell a full , as inflation turned into deflation last month
the plane landed in buenos aires , argentina , the ax used to subdue the man was one usually carried on the plane .
which is best will depend largely upon what countries economists are studying .
the white house did not detail what types of interrogation procedures would be allowed .
al zawahiri also criticized lebanon s hezbollah leader , hassan nasrallah , for agreeing to let the western backed lebanese government determine whether the disputed , israeli held territory known as shebaa farms belongs to lebanon or syria .
st . petersburg , russia cnn the british council on thursday denounced a russian campaign of intimidation , which it said had made it impossible to continue operating in two russian cities .
earlier , a resurgent carlos moya set up a quarter final clash with lleyton hewitt .
more than a month after cyclone sidr tore across bangladesh killing more than , people and affecting at least . million , photojournalist john cobb visited badly hit areas and contributed this story for cnn .
thailand s tourism industry set to suffer
a national poll of debate watchers suggests that sen . barack obama won the second presidential debate .
it was not clear if anyone was injured .
washington ap the united states moved a step closer wednesday to resolving a thorny financial case that had sidelined disarmament talks with north korea for more than a year .
beijing has renewed its call for tibet s exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , to shed his independence goals and return to china .
in addition , lugovoi also claimed he was approached by the british special forces and asked to gain compromising information on russian president vladimir putin . attempts were made to openly recruit me as a british intelligence service agent , lugovoi said .
it said it would only close the reactor if m of its money frozen in the macau based banco delta asia was returned .
but in the letter , hyde applauded the u . s . ambassador for his so called straight forward remarks and appeared to criticize seoul for siding with the north .
decani , serbia cnn pristina , kosovo s gritty capital , is the most logical starting point , if only because austrian airlines and a handful of other carriers fly daily there from vienna and a few other european cities .
the pageant has been investigating whether she violated her contract by making public appearances at groups opposed to same sex marriage .
south korea s fourth commercial , and first military purpose satellite koreasat will be launched into orbit from the southern pacific ocean near hawaii in july , korea telecom announced on monday .
said fadel gheit , an energy analyst at the financial services company oppenheimer .
everyone panicked , they were running from their houses , some to the hills , said agung prasetyo , a local police officer , adding that the ground shook violently for around seconds .
u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson is currently on a visit to china where he is due to press for faster appreciation of the yuan and other financial reforms .
the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . , while the s p closed down . , or . percent , at , . .
the hotel is nearly full , a desk agent said .
this country is riven by the class system . it is more alive than it has ever been , the daily mirror s royal correspondent james whitaker said after the separation was announced at the weekend .
coolio was also arrested back in june on a misdemeanor warrant for driving with a suspended license .
while in new delhi , india , she called on pakistan to take responsibility for terrorists operating within its borders .
like all optical mice , but it also doesn t need a desk .
the credit card company said the number of credit card usages overseas rose . percent to , during the same period .
south africa s police director govindsamy mariemuthoo said people had been killed in the past week .
coomaraswamy noted that persistent violators have been on a list of groups that perpetrate these crimes for five years and urged the security council to make good on its promise to take concrete and targeted measures against these offenders .
yesterday an aide to lee myung bak abandoned diplomacy and questioned lee hoi chang s honesty , saying that campaign financing irregularities from the failed gnp campaign cast a cloud over the one time leader s eligibility to run at all .
when the unlined doctor enters the room , he explains that the change in ph level in the skin created by just one acid peel can generate collagen , the key to skin that ages well .
immigration minister amanda vanstone said those seeking refugee status would be assessed in an offshore location .
seoul court turned down a prosecution request to arrest a key korean executive of lone star , the texas based buyout fund .
in las vegas , nevada , the members of the dallas cowboys football team were turned in for registration , including the quarterback tony romo and the wide receiver terrell owens .
the movie combines many of the archetypes of a classic bedtime story .
district judge j . frederick motz handed down a preliminary injunction at the request of sun microsystems inc .
the rocket carrying the winds satellite a joint project of the japan aerospace exploration agency jaxa and mitsubishi heavy industries lifted off its pad at p . m . gmt .
in a ritual that would terrify most mothers , indian villagers have cheered as screaming babies were dropped from a foot temple tower .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s main opposition planned to hold an extraordinary meeting monday to discuss the party president s offer to step down after his colleagues rejected a proposed alliance with the troubled ruling bloc .
the blast , at an oil refinery in paramount , california , caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage , but only one worker was hurt , and that wasn t all that serious .
investors and financial professionals will also be invited to hear lee s keynote speech at the korea investment forum . president lee myung bak is expected to invite president george w . bush to visit korea in july .
for the mathematically challenged , redwood city teacher ron gordon says that is one of only six this century that will feature three consecutive odd numbers .
the blast has been denounced by officials from both countries as a way to divert them from the peace process .
london cnn barbara west dainton , believed to be one of the last two survivors from the sinking of the titanic in , has died in england at age .
the team also found that a foot rise in sea level would cover . million square miles of land worldwide .
as ever , though , most eyes were on woods .
leeman notes that in fact many have actually moved out .
the television company , in that specific fragment of its programming , committed the crime of inciting to assassinate in the person of the chief of state of venezuela , lara said , referring to leftist president hugo chavez .
zaraysk is the northernmost known location for a style of stone age artwork called kostenski avdeevo after two other russian locations where art of that type has been found .
the president gave the instruction after he received a report that byeon protected shin who has been at the center of a recent fake degree scandal .
the minister said he believes the expulsion is an unfortunate and unjustified consequence of ottawa s failure to approve any of iran s proposed candidates to be ambassador to canada .
wolfowitz has rebutted statements from former world bank officials who claimed he ignored bank ethics committee directions on the riza case and acted improperly .
i am very proud of them , and i am very proud of the authorities , he told east timor television .
and has hosted an average post oprah show shoppers and curious winfrey fans a day .
the hillside battlefield was discovered by relic hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of more recent wars near the town of kalefeld oldenrode .
a hamas spokesman confirmed at that time that its forces arrested two individuals with links to army of islam in gaza .
i apologize to you all , said wen , using a bullhorn to address stranded travelers at a train station in hunan province . we are currently trying our best to repair the system .
the foundation , in partnership with the united states rocket academy , has revived the teachers in space program originally run by u . s . space agency nasa .
u . s . president george w . bush has pushed for the admission of ukraine and georgia to the military alliance .
campaigners say they want the chinese autonomous territory s next leader to be elected by universal suffrage .
lawmakers in several states have passed bills that would require drunken driving offenders to pay for and install an ignition interlock system .
islamabad , pakistan cnn samina rajput speaks in hushed tones about her husband , asif , who was killed alongside former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto in the december attack that convulsed the nation .
despite fears of violence , voting appeared calm .
she has an entrance wound on the right side of her face and an exit wound on the left side of her face .
at the same time we think we must earnestly consider the security concerns of north korea , hu said .
listen to this from our bryan thomas
pyongyang s main state run daily newspaper rodong sinmun said saturday , the u . s . can attack the dprk any moment , using the initials for north korea s official name , democratic people s republic of korea .
an american billionaire who paid million for a day trip to space returned to earth on saturday in a space capsule , making a soft landing on the kazakh steppe .
new front in the battle for the commercial skies .
last october , the u . s . treasury department designated banco delta asia as a primary money laundering concern , linking it to north korean counterfeiting and money laundering .
sens . barack obama and john mccain will win the vermont primaries , cnn projects .
they must be held accountable , keen said .
the first was in with a film called pulgasari , a north korean version of godzilla .
i think we got a lot of good momentum and a lot of endorsements and crowds who are enthusiastic , and we re working hard , and i m guardedly optimistic .
bodyguard trevor rees , formerly known as trevor rees jones , was the front seat passenger in the mercedes that carried diana , her boyfriend , dodi fayed , and their driver , henri paul .
federal prosecutors are telling a new york court they also want the assets of bernard madoff s wife .
rodriguez said juan campos was charged with killing alejandro alvarez , , of monterrey .
we are a nation that can rise above the wounds , he said .
the senator from illinois also said he would be the best candidate to beat sen . john mccain of arizona , the emerging front runner in the gop presidential race , because of his early opposition to the iraq war .
we think it is a good thing that president musharraf has clarified the election date for the pakistani people , white house spokeswoman dana perino said
maliki said iraq and iran had a joint understanding that they are keen to solve problems and sufferings of iraqi people .
the hostages are aid workers for a christian group .
the philippine government and muslim rebels have announced a breakthrough in preliminary peace talks in malaysia .
. always apply for your passport early .
wall street is holding fairly steady a day after that huge rally , with investors waiting for this afternoon s decision on interest rates from the federal reserve .
his lawyer , tian wenchang , said he already had appealed .
new prime minister kevin rudd read the apology wednesday to aborigines and the stolen generations of children who were taken from their families .
no public official who has taken the oath to support and defend the constitution should support this appointment .
the second group of hostages was then released in the shabaz area of ghazni province , close to the village of ghazni itself .
manchester united has watched with growing irritation the comments attributed to real madrid over their alleged desire to sign cristiano ronaldo , the statement said .
the nicaraguan government issued a hurricane warning from puerto cabezas northward to the honduras nicaragua border , the center said .
ronaldo named european footballer of the year
i know that most people who have jobs don t realize , but the biggest problem is you don t have anything to do .
us airway s jetliner has been pulled from the icy waters of the hudson river .
no cause of death was given , but the female rhino had shown signs of old age , the zoo said in a statement .
leading presidential contender lee myung bak of the grand national party gnp saturday apologized for his deceptive residencies .
the man has been identified by the bbc as dr mohammed asha .
men are more willing than women to have sex with someone without kissing , as well as to have sex with someone they are not attracted to or consider to be a bad kisser .
the lebanese source said some civilians had left the camp in recent days .
a clown has to have heart and that s what we re looking for .
investigators tried sunday to identify a suicide bomber who attacked a political rally , as the toll from the blast rose to dead and injured , including pakistan s top security official .
but not really till .
a miracle finish for texas in the fiesta bowl .
ramlee basa ruddin took the infant from his year old girlfriend about hours after she gave birth , and buried the girl alive in a shallow hole behind their house , the new straits times said .
ford is announcing more layoffs this morning as unemployment hits a year high .
they were never told that they were twins , he said during the dec . debate on a law covering human fertility and embryology .
this city is beginning to do some things that i ve been waiting years to see , goyeneche said . i think there is a renewed sense of purpose people are focused and demanding more than what was in play before katrina hit .
die another day attracted crowds at its seoul premiere on new year s eve .
israeli troops have restricted supplies and power to gaza and conducted periodic airstrikes and raids in an effort to halt the near daily firings of palestinian rockets into southern israel since then .
apple said it will lower prices for music on its british itunes site within six months to match prices charged at itunes stores across europe and reconsider ties with companies if they do not
buenos aires , argentina cnn hugo chavez and leaders of six other south american nations launched a regional development bank sunday that the venezuelan leader is touting as the continent s answer to u . s . influenced international lenders .
a covert nuclear reactor destroyed last year in syria would have been capable of producing plutonium and likely was not intended for peaceful purposes , the white house said thursday .
chad schieber of midland , michigan , , collapsed while running on the south side and was pronounced dead shortly before p . m . at a veteran s affairs hospital , the cook county medical examiner s office .
the iaea on friday said these agreements , which were struck earlier this week following meetings in iran , were aimed at clarifying issues associated with the scope and content of iran s enrichment program .
however , we did not find the protective effect , says paul , who is now an instructor in the neuroscience program at wellesley college .
adults on the second or third shift often find they are totally out of sync .
the officers forced open the door enough for one to enter , leading to a struggle in which an officer used a stun gun on marquez , tranter said . after the initial stun had no visible effect , another officer squeezed into the room and stunned him .
an elementary school science teacher in this chicago suburb doesn t have to turn on the news for an update on nasa s space mission .
christians have been in gaza for , years , since the time of christ , and yet this is their greatest hour .
therefore , i wish stress that from now on i am in no way speaking on behalf of the british government .
fatah accepts israel s right to exist and renounces terror , so it has the support of the united states , the european union , and u . n . leaders .
the kitty hawk , the last conventionally powered aircraft carrier in the navy , is to be replaced later this summer by the uss george washington , a nuclear powered carrier .
other women resort to trips to the market to find potential clients . or they flag down vehicles .
international olympic committee head jacques rogge has said he is very concerned about unrest in tibet , but downplayed talk of a boycott of the beijing games .
their mortgage payments would be adjusted through lower interest rates or longer repayment schedules with the goal of bringing payments below of monthly household income .
just this morning , cosmetics maker estee lauder says its latest profit fell , adding it s cutting , people or , of the work force .
i mean , you know , it came out of the blue !
we regard as entirely separate issues mr . litvinenko s murder and the activities of the british council , miliband said .
uefa s edict also applies to atletico s november home game against psv eindhoven and follows violent and racist behavior by fans during a recent match against marseille .
triesman s comments came hours after fifa president sepp blatter warned that foreign ownership of premier league clubs is running out of control and called for tighter restrictions over who is permitted to invest in football .
how bad is it out there on the unemployment line ?
the group mostly veterans of previous trips to the island includes engineers , environmentalists , a land developer , archaeologists , a sailboat designer , a team doctor and a videographer .
six were students , one was the year old school headmistress and one was the year old school nurse .
the six party negotiations also involve south korea , china , russia and japan .
arsenal were never troubled after that , completing a quartet of english clubs in the group stage along with manchester united , chelsea and liverpool .
the report said that most of these recruits hail from cities in northeastern libya , where jihadi linked militants have a strong presence and that libyan fighters were more likely than other nationalities to be labeled as suicide bombers .
thaksin says he will step down if his party fails to win of votes .
roh is expected to be the fourth head of state to renounce his membership in the governing party like his predecessors roh tae woo , kim young sam and kim dae jung .
the legend of jack daniel reaches all the way back to the moment he was born .
and whenever we get any taliban or al qaeda activity report , we always go in with full force and destroy those camps .
north korea has been forced to ground a fleet of soviet era military planes because of the high oil price , south korea s yonhap news agency reported .
jon , the president summoned experts from doctors and patients advocates to executives of drug and insurance companies , even some who helped kill the clinton health plan .
this week s poll shows that percent of likely democratic caucus goers said they are still trying to decide which candidate to support , and more than a quarter of republican caucus goers said they are still trying to decide .
iran has ignored a u . n . security council ultimatum to freeze uranium enrichment a possible pathway to nuclear arms and has instead expanded its program by setting up hundreds of centrifuges , the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency said .
i don t think anyone anticipated that the riches of iraq would be looted by the people of iraq , said u . s .
so last christmas , stouffer and kinko s began collaborating
jackson denies child abuse and conspiracy to kidnap .
secretary of state condoleezza rice is set to arrive in seoul for trilateral talks .
according to the assistant , prime minister ismail haniyeh accepted al qawasmi s resignation .
the ntsb s kitty higgins says both pilots saw a flock of birds in their windshield just before losing power in both engines .
zvonareva came from a set down to beat former world number one mauresmo .
he had a mastectomy but kept his female reproductive organs when he underwent a sex change in the late s .
federer , the world number one , followed him out on court and needed just an hour to rack up a ruthless win over ferrero , a former french open champion .
marine shooting a wounded and unarmed man in a mosque in the city on saturday .
last week , the israeli government declared gaza hostile territory , and there has been a spate of attacks since then .
a few years ago , schneider started an assembly line in his garage and sold antennas out of the trunk of his car .
he didn t know it was illegal .
cubans will be allowed to stay in the hotels beginning at midnight monday , said employees at several havana hotels . word of the change came from tourism ministry officials , the employees said .
theme music from hill street blues
korea will gain access to million metric tons of liquified natural gas , or lng , from two additional sites near the country s first commercial lng gas field in the east sea , government sources said over the weekend .
rove is officially step down at the end of the month .
brown will take over when tony blair resigns on june after his only potential party rival a left winger whose challenge was always viewed as a token effort failed to win enough support from parliamentarians to get on the ballot paper .
abdul karim muhsan was killed when at least four gunmen in two cars intercepted his vehicle on the mohammed al qasim highway in eastern baghdad at around p . m . and shot at him , using pistols with silencers , the official said .
last month , authorities removed two girls and a boy from the compound .
but since friday , the mccain and romney camps , and the candidates themselves , have fired away at each other over the war in iraq , the economy , illegal immigration and border security , campaign finance reform and the environment .
who was born during a time when women and black people couldn t vote fully understands the significance of obama s victory .
there is less waste in the production process and in the trash , when nano devices are discarded at the end of their lives , roco said .
we re in the golden era of astronomy , said bob nichol , an astronomer at the university of portsmouth in southern england . we have more data than we can assimilate , and we need help .
during simpson s hearing wednesday morning , judge joe bonaventure read the charges against the former football star .
oregon is the top producer in the country .
tatiana was held in an exhibit area that included a foot moat and an foot wall , said zoo director manuel mollinedo .
the times of india reports in the forward areas of the international border in the jammu and poonch regions north korea has broken its silence over japan s sinking of an unidentified ship , accusing japan of brutal piracy , without laying claim to the vessel .
the two final potter films will be shot concurrently , much like the blockbuster trilogy based on j . r . r . tolkien s epic fantasy novel the lord of the rings .
the notice was distributed monday to law enforcement officials throughout the united states , and cnn obtained a copy of it .
the video tape obtained by the bbc shows a number of dead adults and children at the site with what the network world affairs editor john simpson says were clearly gunshot wounds .
video footage showed crowds of men running through the street as gunfire erupted .
the study asserts that narcissists are more likely to have romantic relationships that are short lived , at risk for infidelity , lack emotional warmth , and to exhibit game playing , dishonesty , and over controlling and violent behaviors .
rival parliaments are meeting in kyrgyzstan amid rowdy scenes and confusion over who has the right to be part of the interim government .
within hours , medvedev named putin as prime minister , according to the itar tass news agency .
but as security becomes a growing concern in this age of ever higher technology , a possible solution has emerged
million million , ba said in a statement to the london stock exchange .
iraq has nothing to do with the american iranian struggle , and we will not let iran play a role against the american army and we will not allow america to play a role against the iranian army , and everyone should respect the sovereignty of iraq , al maliki said .
gambari is believed to be the first foreigner to meet ms suu kyi for months .
russia and china , veto holding council members with close ties to iran , are likely to oppose strict economic sanctions or weapons bans .
somewhere there s at least people dead and about seriously wounded .
that s good news , said marty crouch , founder and owner of webvalence , a portland , oregon , internet services company . i ve been personally worried .
kuzar said the fifth hole would be tested for oxygen , and a camera may be lowered down the shaft , although the small amount of space may limit its usefulness .
hiddink did not give anything away about his tactics on monday , but his captain sergei semak hinted that russia would try to crowd the midfield to stifle the creativity of stars like fernando torres and david villa , who have scored a combined goals this season .
no one wants this nation to succeed in the middle east more than i do , reid said . but i know that after four years of mismanagement and incompetence by this administration in the war in iraq , there is no magic formula , no silver bullet that will lead us to the victory we all desire .
an year old estonian man has been charged with genocide for helping deport hundreds of his countrymen to soviet camps in , the estonian prosecutor s office said on wednesday .
he didn t offer a timetable for its official release , although windows vista went on sale more than two years after it was issued in beta form .
he had handed power to his deputy after mass protests against him and a flawed election , leaving a political vacuum .
he drew worldwide attention when he pleaded for help on national television in january .
with this name , everyone knows what it means .
intelligence experts say reprocessing spent fuel rods will enable north korea to yield enough plutonium to build several nuclear bombs within months .
the hague , netherlands cnn former liberian president charles taylor on monday boycotted the start of his u . n . backed court war crimes trial in the hague , calling it a charade in a letter read by his court appointed lawyer who later walked out .
those power games are innately grasped by children and teens , with schools serving as a perennial social laboratory .
chinese authorities are planning to increase use of lethal injection as a method for execution as a civilized way of enforcing the law , state media has reported .
gen . luis luna paulino , director of civil defense for the dominican republic , said people have died there and are missing .
i presented intelligence that clearly establishes this connection , said bush . the facts are that al qaeda terrorists killed americans on , they re fighting us in iraq and across the world , and they re plotting to kill americans here at home again .
a resident of pahrump , nevada , he remains at large , de meo said .
several steps later , the scientists were able to clone the mice .
the pregnant man who gave birth to a daughter earlier this year says he is expecting a second child .
users are given missions , including securing plastic surgery at the game s clinic to give their dolls bigger breasts , and they have to keep her at her target weight with diet pills , which cost bimbo dollars .
merajuddin patan , the governor of ghazni province , where the hostages two of whom were later killed by the kidnappers were seized by taliban militants , said there were hopes that the crisis would be resolved without further loss of lives .
n . k . insists to operate nuclear program for peaceful purposes .
it sounds like the setup to a joke a crocodile walks into a bar
nike has . of the world market , compared with . for america s reebok and . for adidas , a german family company .
bush also defended his strategy for securing iraq a day after the house of representatives began debating it .
but south korea s main opposition party rejected the move as an election stunt ahead of december s presidential polls .
as an old cold warrior , one of yesterday s speeches almost filled me with nostalgia for a less complex time . almost .
at , joel felt he was too old to sing the song , which was inspired by letters the piano man received from soldiers in iraq .
practice therapeutic lifestyle changes
aaron was not in attendance .
buenos aires , argentina cnn cristina fernandez was sworn in monday as argentina s first elected female president , completing a rare husband wife transfer of power that the nation hopes will ensure continued recovery from an economic meltdown .
final box office figures for the top studios were due out later this week , but early projections indicated that . billion worth of tickets were sold , up by about percent over last year s record .
the market could take comfort in the senate confirming treasury secretary tim geithner as soon as today and the president is focusing on the economy again this week .
the bottom line is that these are interesting curiosities that do not advance our knowledge of what happened when in human evolution , said tim white , a university of california paleontologist who co discovered the most famous australopithecus fossil , dubbed lucy , in ethiopia in .
bush said he will make the trip knowing full well that i ll be seeing people whose lives were turned upside down by the tornadoes . i ll do my very best to comfort them .
sharp issued a warning about photocopier vulnerabilities wednesday just ahead of tax time .
dna bone samples taken from the mummy s pelvic bone and femur are being compared with the mummy of queen hatshepsut s grandmother , amos nefreteri , said molecular geneticist yehia zakaria gad , who was part of hawass team .
but some consumers are spending thousands of dollars on lcd or plasma tvs and hooking them up to antennas that don t look much different from what grandpa had on top of his black and white picture tube .
geoff marcy has looked at different stars this evening , but he has yet to actually see a single one of them .
cnn with the general election campaign now in full bloom , michelle obama wife of presumptive democratic nominee sen . barack obama is honing her message for the fall , aides say .
two activists from the sea shepherd protest ship went missing during the confrontation with japanese whaling craft nisshin maru early friday , but were rescued safely with members of the japanese whaling expedition assisting in the rescue efforts in the icy waters of the ross sea .
the groups , including the country s largest environmental organization , the korean federation for environmental movement , issued a joint release saying the canal plan should be left to the voters to decide through a national referendum .
nineteen suicide attacks including a failed attack on bhutto s life in october have killed close to people and wounded nearly , others in the last three months , according to government officials .
fernandopulle was waving the starting flag for the race which was part of the hindu new year celebration in weliveriya town , police said .
however , paulson stressed taxpayers would get a return on their money and banking excesses would be brought to an end .
oakley is also charged with converting the material and restricted data to his own use .
it isn t clear whether it will be outgoing ambassador zalmay khalilzad or the man named to be his successor , ryan crocker .
every weekend , men flock here to unleash their ballroom dancing skill as well as their true identities for three treasured hours .
this year , holy week also includes the second anniversary of the april , , death of pope john paul ii .
the convention , which starts monday at madison square garden , will end a week ahead of the third anniversary of the sept .
our objective is to build institutions , define regulation and put in place procedures for our democracy , li told reporters at a news conference at the great hall of the people in beijing , where the party s th congress will be held .
it is the second remark to come from parliament in a week , criticizing the american envoy to seoul for his provocative definition of the pyongyang regime .
the evacuees will be transported to castro , across the moraleda canal , or to puerto montt , about miles kilometers north of chaiten .
earlier , authorities identified iraqi doctor bilal abdulla , , as one of two men who rammed an explosives laden suv into a terminal at the airport in glasgow , scotland , saturday , a british source said .
at the same time , the government will cut taxes on capital gains from home sales for those who hold their homes for a longer time by raising the tax deduction scope for long term home owners .
since then , other chinese products including tires , toothpaste , seafood , juice , and toys decorated with lead paint have been recalled or have come under scrutiny .
a sign the german is expected to play a part in future ryder cups for the europeans , and his calmness under pressure is bound to set him up as a powerful contender .
second seed nadal , who did not drop a set all tournament and has never lost at the clay court event , matched the feat of bjorn borg s four successive wins from .
one in baghdad and one in basra in the southeast , the who said .
if all goes according to plan , ibex will become the first spacecraft to map an outer boundary of the solar system
back to the clinton global initiative in new york , activist rocker bono told the former president this morning about an a ha !
a majority of americans believe that gays and lesbians could not change their sexual orientation even if they wanted to , according to results of a cnn opinion research corporation poll released wednesday .
if that is done he would then give up the grenade , and free the office workers and customers being held hostage , they said he told them .
thousands of police deployed for his arrival were overwhelmed by a surge of supporters at lahore airport who carried sharif on their shoulders .
the u . n . security council condemned the bombing , urging all lebanese parties to exercise restraint and stressing its support for the government .
earlier yesterday the uss kitty hawk from yokosuka , japan , arrived at pusan with about , sailors and aircraft , including f super hornets .
the korea times reports south korea is considering scrapping plans to hold a summit with japan as japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi once again visited a controversial war shrine in tokyo , monday a chong wa dae spokesman said .
kuwait s parliament , made up mostly of opposition politicians , has been locked in a feud with the government which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power .
the campaign , by photographer oliviero toscani , has been met with mixed response .
britain is insisting that all eight would have to ratify , but some countries don t want to name nations to avoid giving any special status .
two other groups of international observers released signed statements that the voting was free and fair .
the north did return to disarmament talks in december .
it was a big decision for juande and it worked , poyet told itv . it is that sort of situation where you have to go for the game because you have nothing to lose .
john ryding of rdq economics on energy prices , taking the biggest dive in years
high rise buildings also were evacuated in singapore , , km northeast of the epicenter , cnn producer martin bohley said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in his written judgment , potter said brown does not assert that any person or source , informed or otherwise , has ever told , or even suggested , to him that he is the illegitimate son of princess margaret .
iraqi network journalist throws shoes at bush in baghdad
our biggest advice right now is stay home , said maine state police sgt . andrew donovan .
but china seemingly has not yet decided its position .
le bourget , france boeing has won a deal to supply more than planes worth . billion to leasing firm ilfc , in a fresh sign of buoyant demand for its hot selling dreamliner aircraft .
christian streiff was hired in july of to clean up the problems at airbus , but he resigned in october of that year after the company announced another lengthy delay in a production .
phones at the chinese embassy rang unanswered .
chun , a woman in her early s with a dab of lipstick and crimped hair pulled into a bun , said u . s . secretary of state colin powell were all war maniacs and that expecting them to love peace is like telling a wolf to give up bloody meat and live on vegetables .
the korean currency has appreciated more than percent against the dollar over the past five years on current account surpluses and generally weak dollar sentiment .
yet scientists are now more interested in the active compounds in avocados that might help prevent cancer .
nearly . million young people are exposed to abnormal living conditions that can lead to delinquencies , including suicide and dropping out of school , a government report said tuesday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice and uk foreign secretary jack straw have urged iraq s leaders to speed up negotiations on a new government .
she can reduce that time by months if she does community service or records a public service announcement , the city attorney s office said .
prime minister lee hai chan apologized yesterday for insults he directed last month at the opposition grand national party , which for the last days has been boycotting the national assembly to force an expression of regret from the prime minister .
ketv , a local television station , identified the man as robert hawkins . witnesses said they hid in restrooms , closets and under racks of clothes , some praying as an estimated two dozen shots rang through the mall .
experts don t agree on how much vitamin d people need or the best way to get it , and too much can be harmful .
but his sister convinced him to submit his short to cwff .
united had more attacking options as they went in search of the equaliser .
tabasco officials said the pipeline had exploded , but that there were no deaths or injuries .
salvadoran immigrant ingmar guandique is currently serving time in a federal prison in california .
a weightless experience aboard a plane chartered from the zero gravity corporation .
it was more radioactive than had been announced , the company said .
the chinese government is creating a forest belt stretching , miles , kilometers to block the advancing sands of the gobi desert and diminish the effect of the sandstorms .
making her the oldest woman to finish in the top two since briton priscilla welch won in at the age of .
the tribunal s ratification has been held up by political dispute .
hiring a deadbeat dad detective is filling in that gap and delivering money to mothers and their children .
the remaining four to seven kidnappers released the health official and fled to the neighboring town of bannu , pursued by police , the minister said .
bali , indonesia cnn world powers meeting at a u . n . climate change conference in indonesia this week won t be able to craft a meaningful plan to address global warming without cooperation from the united states , the top emitter of greenhouse gases , the u . n . s climate chief said sunday .
when we were running against each other and on the same ticket , john and i agreed on many issues , edwards said . i continue to believe that this election is about the future , not the past , and that the country needs a president who will fight aggressively to end the status quo and change the washington system and to give voice to all of those whose voices are ignored in the corridors of power .
a skinny macbook .
bush , abe have personal visit on issue
a three member arbitration panel cut gatlin s suspension in half to four years in a page ruling released tuesday .
we re just doing our job as journalists , said an employee of rctv . as long as somebody is seeing us , we consider what we are doing to be valid .
in june , a louisiana man found a . carat stone . more than diamonds have been found there this year .
i can consider leaving the party if the opposition parties ask for it in exchange for a constitutional change , he said in a televised news conference .
after the summer , your midweek business drops substantially and you become a weekend business , said dan fellman , head of distribution at warner bros . you need strong reviews to keep your motor going .
the source said to korean protesters are expected .
as these images have come up on our screens , we have not been able to keep from wondering if we might somehow be seeing our own origins in all of this .
let s check with correspondent julie walker .
there s a new ap news yahoo news poll this morning that isn t easy to take for john mccain supporters .
perth children s court president denis reynolds said the murder was gruesome and merciless in the extreme .
if you think your travel guidebook s phonetic tips for ordering a liter of beer are enough to get you through oktoberfest without being labeled a saupreusse for genteel readers , a dumb tourist , maybe you should stay home .
undercover nafdac officers have taken to the streets in order to combat unregistered and often harmful drugs .
astronomers believe dark matter as opposed to ordinary matter making up the stars , planets and the like comprises about percent of the universe s material , but evidence of it has been difficult to come by .
one official said the events were going according to plan , but he declined to elaborate on what the plan was .
in public , chavez and lula shared hugs , smiles and quips about soccer as they toured of a brazilian venezuelan petrochemical project .
sit there in the box , for to weeks and maybe even longer , and sweat it out , and hear all of the stories , all of the victims .
the find has more of an emotional than a scientific value .
he also stated the economic downturn had improved the prospects of the resort
an internet statement posted at that time in the name of al qaeda in iraq claimed the group killed those two .
it s a concrete sign that the u . s . takes the iranian threat against israel seriously .
signs that the hard hit manufacturing sector finally turned a corner launched a powerful u . s . stock market rally that sent the dow jones industrial average to a six month high .
the leaders of china and japan have both said that a nuclear test by north korea would be unacceptable .
marjo subiandono , the chief presidential doctor said that he is now in very critical condition , worse than yesterday , according to reports carried by the associated press .
at the same time , housing prices have plunged and s p has plummeted more than .
november s election was historic for many reasons
it was the first visit by a spacecraft to mercury in three decades .
in the past north korean defectors have fled to japanese missions and other premises in china , and tokyo allowed them to leave for third countries .
the netherlands became the first country in the world to allow a patient s right to die when it passed its euthanasia law in april .
the position of the all the competing boats is also being monitored closely , the spokesman said .
a string of suicide attacks , shootings and rocket strikes have claimed dozens of lives on a day of violence in iraq .
by failing to defend all her points after taking the title here last year , the year old sharapova will lose her number one spot to belgium s justine henin when the new rankings are issued next week .
no tsunami warning was issued .
if the conversation drifts to a topic you re not knowledgeable about , admit you don t know the answer and then explain how you would go about finding a solution .
after a roll call and exercise , classes begin at a . m .
together , they have turned this proceeding into a full scale attack on my civil rights and a mockery of justice .
the number of koreans filing claims for unemployment insurance benefit is set to outstrip the level during financial crisis .
playboy mexico has said the cover was not meant to portray the virgin mary , despite being printed just days before the feast of the immaculate conception and the feast of our lady of guadalupe
veteran long distance traveler les adams said he found his solution by applying the findings of a scientific study on jet lag to his own travel routine .
it s onto northern virginia , then pennsylvania , before mccain appears late tonight on saturday night live .
globe planners and nbc canceled the three hour star studded bash in favor of an hour long news conference at which clips of film and tv nominees were shown and reporters from entertainment news shows announced winners .
the kaesong industrial park is a potent sign of reconciliation efforts between the two koreas .
authorized account holders can now withdraw funds from the north korean accounts that had been frozen , a us state department spokesman said .
dorough , also known as howie d , proposed to his girlfriend of six years last new year s .
with this reform , the president is going to control everything .
the russian weapon s blast radius is feet , twice as big as that of the u . s . design , the report said .
his artwork has been described as having the fire of pollock and the fixed gaze of resnick .
ex we re both going after the same job . ex the law must be given more teeth if crime is to be properly controlled .
to serve your nation , beginning with your neighbor .
jacobs died january of natural causes at a redding hospital , his daughter , nancy jacobs , told the associated press .
he said al mashadani is a close associate of al qaeda in iraq leader abu ayyub al masri and served as an intermediary between al masri , al qaeda leader osama bin laden and ayman al zawahiri , the second in command of al qaeda .
kerr , who suffered from parkinson s disease , died tuesday in suffolk in eastern england , her agent , anne hutton , said thursday .
embedded deep under its blubber was a inch arrow shaped projectile that has given researchers insight into the whale s age , estimated between and years old .
china banned imports of japanese rice in after changing its quarantine standards , saying japanese rice posed a danger of bringing foreign insects into china .
the official said chung would be an adviser for the first two years of a three year contract and then become artistic director during the last year .
it is a reminder of our country s proud heritage .
what are the effects of free trade and globalization ? what are the driving forces behind worldwide urbanization ? paul krugman has formulated a new theory to answer these questions , the academy said in its citation .
it is in this spirit that we had a productive conversation today about the need to launch a new era of reform where we take on government waste and bitter partisanship in washington in order to restore trust in government , and bring back prosperity and opportunity for every hardworking american family , they said .
she performed in a piano quintet last night for queen elizabeth at buckingham palace .
for the national airline for years .
one of them was rebel leader maj . alfredo reinado , said gutteres .
he said the cold weather was another possible cause .
al jazeera did not say how it obtained the material , the authenticity of which cnn has not independently verified .
the recession is taking a slice out of the pizza business all the major chains reporting a sag in sales , as cash strapped consumers eat at home .
by the end of the day , it was clear we weren t going to be friends , she says .
joshua myers wife and young daughter were gunned down while on a porch
costumed as a different critter in each of the eight films , rossellini perhaps best known to american audiences for her roles in the film blue velvet and the tv series alias shares tidbits like these , not all of them so gruesome , and demonstrates the appropriate technique .
he was a high profile supporter of dr . martin luther king jr . and his civil rights movement .
she wasn t fat .
university , and to participate in a conference on science and spirituality and an interfaith session on religion .
she is complex , intense , driven , painfully direct , sometimes ribald , and a lot of fun .
to resuscitate the economy , north korea implemented reforms last july .
defreitas immigrated to the u . s . more than years ago , but he told the federal informant that his feelings of disgust toward his adopted homeland had lingered for years . watch a rundown on the four suspects
former russian president boris yeltsin , who presided over the demise of the soviet union and russia s transition to a free market , died monday in moscow . full story
lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp is championing his so called vision percent growth , , per capita income and becoming the seventh largest industrialized country .
and more were killed in a suicide bombing at a kebab restaurant where policemen were eating in ramadi , which had seen a sharp decline in violence .
he sounded confident in cleveland yesterday .
consumers are much less pessimistic than they were last month
meanwhile , another wind driven wildfire has burned hundreds of acres of woodland in the townsend peak area of california s angeles national forest , in the northern section of los angeles county , according to u . s . forest service spokesman stanton florea .
in over years of ministry , graham has preached to more than million people in person and in countries .
and they aren t likely to quit if their brand is no longer shined in glossy four color .
the president goes up to capitol hill in a couple of hours to try to work things out with republicans .
diplomats were summoned to a government briefing monday as the reclusive southeast asian country s ruling military junta issued a rare appeal for international assistance in the face of an escalating humanitarian crisis .
beardsley was convicted of stalking in in california and was sentenced to two years , according to the california department of corrections .
robert boulos , the head of unity high school in the capital khartoum , said naming the teddy bear was a totally innocent mistake and that gibbons had never intended to cause offense .
roughly palestinians have been killed since israel began its military assault on gaza on december , according to palestinian medical sources .
researchers hope the data can point to new conservation strategies to help the , orangutans living in the wild on the indonesian islands of borneo and sumatra .
it also warned two more companies to correct their violation of mlm regulations .
yahoo said it would donate hybrid ford escapes for the city s effort .
screenwriters ted elliott and terry rossio have been working overtime .
cairo , egypt ap for most of their modern history , iraqis have been little more than spectators as foreign occupiers , then a monarchy created by britain , and finally a series of homegrown strongmen played politics as a game of intrigue and assassination , massacre and war .
the field , which is jointly operated with the us company chevron , should start producing oil by the end of .
the nuj said it is a mistake to target news and current affairs coverage for job cuts , since this is traditionally the most respected branch of the corporation .
federal reserve would cut a key interest rate , analysts said .
the militants targeted the lahda fort , which houses paramilitary troops , and a nearby observation post in a pre dawn raid in south waziristan , the military said in a statement .
i think that i may disagree with sen . clinton or sen . edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . we re all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , said obama .
many of the victims are zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances in their homeland .
in albany , a remembrance concert will be held at the empire state plaza .
he plans to make a statement friday on whether the university will ask federal authorities to investigate the case .
australian foreign minister stephen smith held talks with his japanese counterpart in tokyo on the issue .
axelrod was reacting to a comment by ferraro , the democratic party s vice presidential nominee in , that appeared in the daily breeze of torrance , california , on friday .
for months , the government and state media were silent about yang s fate and the investigation .
the crew was due to be taken by helicopter to the nearest airport , from where they would be flown to moscow .
the woman told police she sold the animals bone marrow for . million vietnamese dong per gram to traditional medicine men , according to reports at the time .
attorney manny arora said astin is doing about as good as can be expected . he s disappointed and surprised .
the customer can call or email their overseas assistant , calling them by their first name for that personal touch and request almost anything , from helping to draft documents to more everyday chores such as paying bills that they might not be able to pay because they are away on business .
stocks in china and india bucked the regional trend to climb higher .
without the bundle , the group led by australia s macquarie bank and allco finance group and tpg inc . from forth worth , texas , falls short of the percent minimum stake it needed to keep its bid alive for two more weeks .
ankara , turkey cnn a law extending a smoking ban in turkey to most enclosed areas including taxis , ferries and shopping malls came into effect monday in the nicotine addicted nation .
the military commanders told the post that sectarian killings in baghdad fell to fewer than in march from , in january , with markets reopening and a few thousand families returning to areas they had fled .
if you win in a public service , thinking that you can have an impact , now s the time where you can have an impact .
the town of cabeza del toro is one of many where survivors are in dire need of help , said mar mora , an adviser to the u . n . world food program .
korea s global competitiveness dropped five notches over the past year , due mainly to government inefficiency , a report showed yesterday .
the visit came at the request of north korean officials , to discuss the modalities for verification and monitoring of the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear facility , the statement added .
this meeting has been adjourned , mccormack said . it did not achieve the goal of an agreed among the six verification protocol .
the bears dream of making the playoff s still alive , thanks to some late night magic at frigid soldier field .
complaints about uncomfortable barracks in england , comments on the hot weather in france and thanks to his family for packages and cigarettes .
john , an obama spokesman says the president elect urged bush to do what he can as soon as he can to help the u . s . automakers hard hit by both high gas prices and the financial crisis .
in announcing project pronounced to the th , the internet giant said to hoped to solicit and bankroll fresh ideas it believes will have broad and beneficial effects on people s lives .
in there were mass protests in okinawa after us troops gang raped a year old girl an incident which raised concerns for the future of the us japan security alliance .
the resulting ultra high resolution photograph of , dots per inch yielded a reproduction of the mona lisa s face magnified times .
cnn the best leaders let go of the fantasy and become fully present and responsive to the complexities of each new situation .
i wish that they would , i know they re in dire circumstances but , you know , somebody has to speak up for the taxpayer .
at giants stadium in east rutherford , new jersey , strong winds collapsed a fabric dome used for hospitality events before and after games .
the million initiative offers more than , young people a minimum wage salary plus , for college tuition in exchange for a year of service in city schools , hospitals and police departments nationwide .
the secretary general calls for the immediate and unconditional release of the staff member .
ibm legitimized the notion of the pc , raikes says .
it s tough to predict who ll win next week s finale .
they have been identified by france s state radio as eric breteau the group s leader emilie lelouch , alain peligat , philippe van winkelberg , dominique aubry and nadia merimi .
the south also said it wanted to take further steps toward reconciliation despite the communist state s defiance over its nuclear program .
to lose weight , klein said , harrell played golf and cut out chips , while he adopted a balanced , calorie restricted diet and spent at least six hours a day on the man cave , which took most of his free time .
the contempt charge must be approved by the full house of representatives .
reports describe felicia johnston as a british lawyer from the international bar association iba .
senator obama s plan will kill those jobs just the time when we need to be creating more jobs .
on takeoff , the airstrip comes to an abrupt end at the edge of a mountain cliff .
about to million barrels a day of oil are coming out of the persian gulf . even if only some of the tankers are delayed , that could reduce the supply of oil and increase prices , said manouchehr takin , an analyst at the center for global energy studies in london .
now seven , the girl was found friday with family in las vegas after thousands of tips poured in to police , thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl s picture .
i wish i had an opportunity to really share what is inside of me .
the fbi s michael leverock tells the ap the bureau is looking into that .
the band , which released its first album in years last week , has found itself in a legal tussle with soft drink giant dr pepper over a promotion turned awry .
regularly scheduled commercial flights , shipping and mail between taiwan and china resumed last week for the first time since the revolution that brought the communist party to power on the chinese mainland .
the paper said that he s averaging about one speech a week , meaning that he likely earned more than million in speaking fees last year after leaving office .
nigeria is africa s largest oil exporter and the fifth largest supplier of crude to the united states .
i have real doubts about the value of engagement with a regime that is anti democratic , and that appears to me to be trying to arrange a transition from one anti democratic regime to another anti democratic regime , she said .
british prime minister gordon brown spoke to pakistani president pervez musharraf on the telephone sunday , and the pakistani leader agreed to consider international support for the investigation into bhutto s death , according to a statement from brown s office .
travolta , preston return to florida with son s ashes
barney jones , his brother daniel and cousin michael set up the church of jediism , anglesey order , last year .
united had already established superiority over their opponents thanks to first half headers from nemanja vidic and cristiano ronaldo .
dokdo is our land , he said in a solemn tone in the nationally televised address .
don t have time for a plus minute session ? try self acupressure .
pakistan has attempted to crack down on the largely lawless tribal areas along the afghan border under u . s . pressure .
the pakistani government said it knew nothing about libi s death .
the beijing talks stalled after pyongyang refused to discuss a deal to disable its nuclear facilities until it recovers m held in a macau bank .
we re no longer just pointing fingers at rebel groups or government armies , said human rights watch s becker .
which can then be utilized to make higher grade fuels like gasoline and jet fuel .
this is borel s second career derby win .
hizb ut tahrir regards this as the ideal form of government , because it follows what it believes are the laws of god as set out in the koran , rather than laws designed by man .
there was no immediate official word on what caused the collapse in residential zeytinburnu district .
his writing style was clear and concise , sometimes using abbreviations .
a statement by three ministries finance , construction and budget said that rental housing for lower income koreans would be expanded dramatically and that restrictions on real estate related loans would be tightened further .
on wednesday , fans will have the chance to bid on the hair and other autographed photos and beatles memorabilia when they go up for auction in worthing , in southern england .
passengers love to ride on this special occasion , even though the ride is bumpier and noisier than they have grown accustomed to on today s gleaming stainless steel subways .
now that he is exonerated , miller no longer has to register as a sex offender .
some of the rooms were ransacked , the associated press reported .
i will challenge the court , and i will make them understand that they are violating my client s human rights .
but , you know , we really can t have it all .
the annual league table by the london based business newspaper , now in its th year , is traditionally seen as perhaps the most authoritative global ranking , assessing worldwide mbas on a series of criteria ranging from alumni salaries and experiences to course diversity and academic research .
about , people have been ordered out of their homes as wildfire threatens a sylmar community , north of los angeles .
the ministry of science and technology said yesterday that a third team of inspectors from the international atomic energy agency will investigate facilities at the korea atomic energy research institute in daejeon from nov .
human growth hormone , a naturally occurring substance that can be replicated synthetically and is used to build muscle mass , is considered a performance enhancing drug in australia and it cannot be imported without a permit from the national drug regulator , the therapeutic goods administration .
hezbollah militants kidnapped ehud goldwasser and eldad regev and killed three other israeli soldiers in a july raid into northern israel .
police sources told cnn the bomber , who was riding a motorcycle , blew himself up near bhutto s vehicle .
visitors can fill out a form to share their stories about what the election meant to them , or they can give their vision of an obama presidency .
the pentagon has said it will transform u . s . forces worldwide .
with coal prices high to feed the booming economy s energy demand , mine operators often ignore safety regulations to boost production .
in the letter , selebi said he was resigning because he did not wish the allegations against him to bring the good work of this august body into disrepute .
any attempts to distort or deny history would be unsuccessful , the spokesman said in a statement .
meeting judges at the kwangju high court on sept .
the airline has begun the termination process for capt . james langenhahn , said mike karn , vice president of the federal flight deck officers association .
some students say they want the administration to install security features such as extra cameras and metal detectors .
the surprise of the qualifying round was oulu native hilkka gore kitty suvanto , who has twice before scored the lowest points ever in that round but now achieved a perfect six from many of the judges .
let s cut taxes on capital gains
an iraqi policeman and soldier were among those killed , the official added .
tobacco accounted for of advertising revenues .
kookmin bank was named yesterday as the priority bidder for korea exchange bank , as predicted recently by many bankers .
therefore the current situation can be seen as a war of nerves between north korea and the united states as they try to seize a more advantageous upper hand .
the flautist sports a big bushy moustache just like the emperor franz josef who looks down from a yellowed poster above the door to the kitchen .
the pianist also won the adapted screenplay award for ronald harwood , giving it a total of three , while pedro almodovar earned the original screenplay prize for talk to her .
the tibetan leader said in a university statement that he looks forward to offering his services to students and the community .
lee is set to grace uk screens in january when kim jee woon s so called kimchi western , the good , the bad , the weird , is released .
the shopping center will be closed until at least thursday , police said .
the remaining six co defendants , including al majid , face charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
william fallon , the head of u . s . central command , met with siniora and lebanese military chiefs to offer counterterrorism training for lebanon s military , among other objectives , u . s . military officials told cnn .
while the day s advance was positive , it doesn t indicate a new direction for the market going forward , the analysts said .
details of the illness were unclear .
the final tally , according to the electoral commission , showed mugabe snaring . million votes , or about percent of the ballots , to opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai s , .
the southern tourists usually shy away from political debate .
some may not actually lose their jobs for months .
president bush called abbas on monday and pledged his support to the president and those palestinian moderates who are working to better the lives of palestinians and work toward a palestinian state living side by side in peace with israel , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said
they are the three brightest objects you can see it ll be more than forty years before they repeat the show .
i never really thought of targeting a specific audience .
the bbc said thursday it also plans to sell off bbc television centre , the corporation s landmark headquarters in west london , as part of efforts to plug a billion budget deficit .
thaksin shinawatra was reported to be trailing the no vote in parts of the capital bangkok , although rural support for him is expected to be strong .
the top u . s . diplomat on the north korean nuclear crisis , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , said yesterday the fate of six party talks was in doubt after a day of discussions in china , host of three rounds of inconclusive negotiations .
while previous research has found evidence that obesity in middle age raises the chances of developing dementia later , the new work found a separate risk from storing a lot of fat in the abdomen .
when asked , he said he had no problem allowing a dna expert to review the samples .
and in a rarity , the show ran just over its allotted hour time .
kim met with the north korean leader in pyongyang in june for the first ever inter korean summit .
but they have complained that , in the past , battlefield successes were not followed up by reconstruction aid to help rebuild regions devastated by the fighting .
using next generation instruments and groundbreaking dna reading techniques , scientists have uncovered much of the genetic code of the woolly mammoth , a prehistoric species of elephant .
witnesses told local television but no one on the ground was hurt .
the cause of death is unknown , and a post mortem exam will be conducted wednesday , garda said . police are investigating the circumstances of the toddler s death .
secretary of state rice is in london and plans to travel to india later this week .
the white house called musharraf s announcement a positive first step .
as a candidate , he had four times as many friends as his republican rival , sen . john mccain , on myspace . com .
world number six andy roddick has withdrawn from the french open because of a right shoulder injury .
tuition and other fees for all rural students will be eliminated , easing the financial burden on million rural households , the premier said .
his liberal predecessors roh moo hyun and kim dae jung gave unconditional aid and concessions as part of reconciliation efforts .
esperon said the melo commission s conclusion is strained , unfair and a blank accusation against any member or any group from the armed forces of the philippines because it did not cite any strong evidence or identify the suspects .
the meat is used for human consumption and pet food , and the pelts for soft toys and other items .
wall street is reacting with more concern over unemployment , the fate of the big automakers and the broader economy .
stonington peninsula , michigan
hyundai said the walkout would lead to a production loss of , vehicles , worth bn won .
karzai appeared on state run television fewer than two hours later and called on citizens to remain calm .
the judge more than doubled the sentence against al lahim s year old client because she spoke to the media about the case , a court source told arab news , an english language middle eastern daily newspaper .
a lot of drug murders going on there .
in may , the seoul gyeonggi incheon migrant trade union submitted an application to launch a legal labor union at a seoul regional office of the labor ministry .
light , sweet crude for may delivery settled at a record . a barrel after touching a new trading high of . a barrel in early morning electronic trading .
it s a wedding couple s nightmare , but a growing number of love birds are shielding themselves by having web sites ghostwrite the perfect toast .
white house officials denied obama was a target of bush s remarks .
guadalix de la sierra , spain cnn in a mountain meadow an hour from madrid roams an enormous stud bull who s called alcalde . it means the mayor .
he also rejected demands by tibetan activists that the olympic torch relay be routed away from tibet .
he says one to two dozen members of congress are among those taking turns reading the bible aloud
we re not willing to pull the hand back yet , because we think there s still some opportunity .
the report also expressed concerns on rising opium production in afghanistan .
and to deny this fundamental concept , central to catholic teaching , is to create confusion .
agreed to by german lawyers and officials of a libyan foundation run by gadhafi s son , the settlement deals with non u . s . citizens , including germans who were wounded and the family of a turkish woman killed by the bomb .
the government is flying materials to tocopilla to build a field hospital , said ricardo lagos weber , secretary general for the chilean government .
a substance produced in the body called high sensitivity c reactive protein hs crp is suspected to play a role in the link between gum disease and heart disease .
the new york congressman who admitted to fathering a child out of wedlock with the woman who bailed him out of jail on a drunken driving charge this month .
let me also add that we know the suspect not only possessed an increased sexual potency , he s also very dynamic , imperious and quite authoritarian in his conduct and relationship to his existing family , polzer said monday .
emergency housing , mattresses and medicine are scheduled to be sent to the area , the statement said .
the economic strategies of china and india look much more like those followed in south east asia , rather than the north east asian model of japan or south korea .
last week , us warships sank two boats that had been used by pirates to take over a japanese merchant ship although the ship itself is still under the pirates control .
security camera video showed the interstate w bridge s center section collapsing into the river in less than four seconds .
the court found total guilty of maritime pollution and fined it the maximum penalty of , .
some investors put their money into oil contracts , betting that gains in their price will offset dollar weakness .
kidman described hunkering down in the car s back seat leaning over in her chair in the witness stand to demonstrate to try to avoid being spotted by photographer jamie fawcett .
it was the sixth time a child had fallen into an open pit or uncovered well in india over the past two years .
in southeastern alabama , a tornado thursday afternoon killed seven people , five of them at enterprise high school , said spokeswoman tasamie richardson .
other gender differences uncovered by gallup s research
petrochina plans to tap a red hot market to raise up to . billion in a shanghai listing , sending its hong kong shares up percent to a record and valuing it higher than royal dutch shell .
some foreign news services reported over the weekend that north korea seems to have finished fueling a long range ballistic missile increasing the possibility it will go ahead with its first important test launch in eight years .
pakistan has made a huge leap backwards in it s struggle towards democracy .
the plane is useful in special forces operations because of its extremely low minimum speed it can fly as slowly as km h mph without stalling , according to aviation experts .
the probe takes us to where space weather and , indeed , everything that directly affects life on earth , starts , said loren acton , research professor of physics at montana state university and member of the nasa team that produced the mission definition report .
previous studies have found similar results , but dr . de kun li , lead author and investigator with the kaiser permanente division of research , is quick to point out the significance of his findings .
kuo is said to have handed the information to kang , a lawful resident alien also living in new orleans .
there was no justification at all for these attacks , said pedram shahyar , a spokesman for the group attac .
the five count indictment , however , did not charge leung , , with espionage .
the other customer was charged with criminal damage to property , a felony , parish said . kid rock was released from the county jail on bond about p . m .
north korea s foreign ministry announced late yesterday evening that the six party talks , initially scheduled to resume this week , could resume in the week of sept .
retrieve a missing nuclear trigger before it falls into enemy hands .
larson suffered a broken foot . both she and clooney were wearing helmets , kelly said .
confederation of trade unions members have downed tools at three plants as part of tough annual pay talks .
more than people , including california first lady maria shriver , paid , per ticket for the one night performance .
south korea offered important incentives to north korea if it returns to six party talks .
knut has generated more than million for the zoo over the past year in with knut toys , books and other trinkets , and drawing more than double the number of visitors .
mccain , who has won primaries in new hampshire , south carolina and florida , hopes to solidify himself as the front runner , while romney , the winner in michigan , nevada and wyoming , tries to stop mccain s run to the nomination .
as the camera rolls , and with his wife by his side , craig ewert then closes his eyes and dies .
bombarded with information about every disease under the sun , they start to imagine they have them all .
two gunmen attacked man sha at his home in mae sot , a town on the myanmar thailand border , the official said .
the airplane ed to the sea .
the korea times reports the number of koreans who are able to work but do not participate in economic activities either voluntarily or involuntarily has increased to an all time high of million amid the tight labor market .
because of the battle site s remote location , it was impossible to independently verify the casualty claims .
the satirical weekly , which is also known for breaking investigative stories , alleged that chirac s support for sarkozy in the election was offered in exchange for sarkozy pledging to sponsor a bill that would spare chirac from prosecution .
kader is a palestinian american , and maz jobrani is an iranian american with a degree in political science from the university of california , berkeley . jobrani was one of the stars of the abc series the knights of prosperity .
in the interest of telling a good story , pfann said , the documentary engaged in some fudging of the facts .
but before you reach for the dimmer switch and start cranking barry white tunes , know that her mate in each scene is made of . . . well . . . cardboard .
mateus friends ran to get his grandfather , who reached the scene and battled with the snake until he had hurt it so badly that it let go of his grandson .
both democratic candidates picked up superdelegates wednesday , with obama getting the support of oklahoma gov . brad henry and clinton receiving a nod from tennessee rep . john tanner .
sharif said that while his alliance the all pakistan democratic movement apdm is preparing to participate in the january elections , they will only take part if musharraf withdraws the emergency declaration and releases opposition members who have been jailed .
this is a classic case of vertigo , said dr . michael g . stewart , chairman of otorhinolaryngology ear , nose and throat medicine at newyork presbyterian hospital weil cornell medical center .
clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race since she trails obama across all fronts pledged delegates , superdelegates and the popular vote .
earlier , the hamas captors of israeli soldier gilad shalit broadcast what they say is his first audio message .
roh didn t elaborate what conditions the north would have to meet to be allowed to use the civilian atomic program .
the suspect s photo and more information can be seen online at interpol s web site .
when fans cross the line
the saudi plan offers israel normalization of ties with arab states if it pulls out of all arab land it occupied in and a just solution for palestinian refugees .
uri party chairman lee bu young said wednesday the ruling party will push for a second inter korean summit meeting in order to defuse the protracted standoff over north korea s nuclear weapons programs .
to develop a positive attitude about these people we have to teach them who they are and where they are from .
suh and yoo kyung sik , , spoke to south korean media in an interview in their hotel in the afghan capital , kabul . other foreign media were barred from entering the hotel by guards posted at the door .
the name and nationality of the dead soldier was being held , and the wounded personnel s injuries were not considered to be life threatening , the statement said .
at a press conference , sanrio co . president shintaro tsuji , whose company created the toy cat , called hello kitty s new appointment an honor and pledged the feline would work hard to attract many visitors .
the prizes are handed out every year on dec . , the anniversary of award founder alfred nobel s death in .
the gaza siege is a direct result of annapolis , he adds , apparently referring to the site of november s summit in annapolis , maryland , where israeli and palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two state plan .
officers also found a white powdery substance in lohan s possession which was determined to be cocaine , lindsey said .
were inconsistencies in watson s statements to investigators .
the neighbor said the electricity connection to suu kyi s dilapidated lakeside bungalow was snapped in saturday s cyclone .
and it s difficult for him , i think .
detroit newspapers to end daily home delivery
the government wednesday reported its economic management plan to president roh moo hyun at chong wa dae .
this is the biggest and best gold star i have ever had in my life , mirren said while holding her oscar , purse and an earring that fell off while she was walking to the stage .
in addition , seoul promised to halt all christian missionary work in afghanistan .
that put him within two of matching george best s club record from , when united went on to win their first european cup .
recording that kind of music was new for holzman and elektra , but the label adapted quickly .
two years ago , putin and yamashita attended a judo lesson in st . petersburg together , helping students practice holds at the judo school . he had met yamashita during a visit to tokyo the previous month .
sure , dallas does tex mex well , but the town also boasts plenty of places that offer twists on the basic burrito .
the korea herald reports the nation s weather agency yesterday said yellow dust would likely blanket the peninsula two or three more times this spring , raising the alarm over respiratory ailments and industrial damage .
the apparent collapse in support for the fretilin candidate does not bode well for the party s chances in more important parliamentary polls next month . those will determine who becomes the country s third prime minister since it broke free from indonesian rule in .
solomons deputy police commissioner peter marshall said boats arrived tuesday morning in the towns of gizo and in nearby munda from honiara , the capital , carrying food and other urgent supplies .
west died saturday at the age of , a representative of her son s record label , island def jam , confirmed , adding that the family respectfully asks for privacy during this time of grief .
as the carnage at virginia tech played out on television on monday , the couple s eldest daughter uma , , watched the news . i told her what was happening as i knew it myself , usha said .
voters turned out in such high numbers that authorities decided to allow more time for people who were still queuing .
mike huckabee dropped out of the republican race after the results came in .
the dow jones industrial average tumbled . to , . , that left the world s most widely watched stock index at its lowest close in more than nine months .
but foreign ministry spokesman shin bong kil said those plans will move forward .
on the road to the post office
ahmadinejad said iran will not come to the negotiating table with western nations if suspension of tehran s nuclear program is a precondition for talks .
the brother also says the reporter wrote a letter of apology under duress and would do it again .
the ratings have reflected that interest .
he had no choice in the summer of .
ivory coast has been taken off the list of offenders altogether because of actions it has taken , including the release to unicef of about , child fighters .
black hole found at center of galaxy
but correspondents say the chinese see the document as a potential threat to their economic growth .
pnc financial services economist stuart hoffman says we re in for a lousy several months .
astronomer richard massey of the california institute of technology , not involved in the research , said the findings are facing skepticism within the astronomical community .
the son of the most wanted man in the world spoke sunday to cnn in a quiet , middle class suburb about an hour outside cairo , egypt .
government leaders and military commanders vowed early this year to eliminate the rebels by the end of the year , but later extended the deadline into .
four of the wounded were in serious condition , including a year old child , bernard lemaire , chief of the regional administration in aude , said on france television . fifteen of the injured were civilians .
we have to see everything every action that can be seen to bring about a peaceful solution , said david choquehuanca , the bolivian foreign minister .
in ohio , clinton has a slight lead , because of the large number of union and blue collar workers and catholic voters , groups that , along with women and senior citizens , are considered her base .
she found herself down within minutes , having held only one game point .
why some women s groups are miffed at obama
the government announced yesterday that it would adopt the u . s . standard for digital television services in korea , a move that may offer advantages to korean firms .
cnn darren tuck , the man who gave police a tape depicting the rape of a year old girl , turned himself in sunday to nye county , nevada , authorities .
a fast moving fire tore through an orphanage in bosnia s capital early sunday , killing five babies and injuring others and a nurse , police and hospital officials said .
defending champion grant hackett of australia was third .
it is everyone s duty to ensure children are safe from harm , and governments have a responsibility to enact and enforce measures that provide a protective environment for all children , the agency said in a statement released friday .
as for the cuisine , the dinner menu includes roasted imperial langoustine with sauteed green vegetables and black truffles pan seared beef tournedos and fresh duck foie gras with souffled potatoes and perigueux sauce
both countries are holding five days of talks at a ski resort in big sky .
this is a voluntary step which i am making to avoid unnecessary embarrassment and distraction to the company at this important time , browne said , adding he would not be making any more comments on his personal life .
it s an open crisis , and there are more people than we expected , than the government expected , who need additional food , said bjorn ljungqvist , head of unicef ethiopia .
let s get the morning after report live from capitol hill with the ap s jerry bodlander
nearly a month later , buddhist monks took the lead in the protests and defied military orders that they stop .
the defense ministry and a judicial reform panel under the supreme court jointly drafted a revision bill and submitted it to the national assembly in september .
los angeles software consultant brett schulte , who is not affiliated with the developers , demonstrated the software for cnn friday evening .
the turnout moved her grandfather , clement sander , who said emily sander s disappearance shows tragedy can suddenly strike anyone .
travolta , , portrays ms . edna turnblad in hairspray , the adaptation of the stage musical that was spun from the john waters film of the same name .
roadside bombings doubled in to more than , .
two senior security officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media , characterized the action as a limited hot pursuit raid .
president barack obama may have something new to say about megabucks for banking executives at his prime time news conference tonight .
broadway stardom landed kitt a recording deal that led to a string of best selling records , including love for sale , i want to be evil , santa baby and folk tales of the tribes of africa .
but a row over funds frozen in macau has stalled progress on the deal .
she complied and the captive died .
if someone told you to press a button to deliver a volt electrical shock to an innocent person in the next room , would you do it ?
then breathe out slowly , imagining you re pulling your navel toward your spine .
the iranian lawmakers condemnation was in apparent retaliation for the u . s . senate s resolution wednesday requesting that the united states designate iran s islamic revolutionary guards corps , or quds force , as a foreign terrorist organization .
he s essentially running on a doctor s note .
had ba not made admissions and cooperated from the outset , they would have been fined many millions of pounds more . . . tens of millions of pounds , oft director of cartel operations simon williams said in a telephone interview with reuters .
ask the retailer to work with you .
african leaders say that while they may not support mugabe s policies , they believe dialogue is the best way to address zimbabwe s economic and political crises .
some protesters were carrying the wounded off the streets and to a waiting ambulance .
past the glass doors of the spa at indian hotels taj wellington mews , is a softly lit ayurveda room with a brass edged , wooden treatment platform dotted with flowers .
she said the bodies were near yangon s kaba aye pagoda , a gold domed buddhist shrine .
of the total sold , . tons was chinese rice , with the rest being u . s .
he had led the church for years , boosting membership after a period of declining attendance and internal turmoil .
it is only the second country after the united states to check foreigners in this way .
sen . john mccain on tuesday said energy efficiency should begin at home and proposed that the federal government purchase more environmentally friendly vehicles .
the second half saw a spate of substitutions but no addition to the score with england left to rue missed chances .
people who drink alcohol
your purpose is to demoralize the mujahedeen , but this will do you no good .
thousands of faithful from the homelands of the new saints , including a delegation from india , where catholics are a tiny minority , turned out for the ceremony in st . peter s square .
the drugs were hidden in luggage on international commercial flights from the dominican republic to jfk , the complaint alleges .
the team is set to start clinical trials using the robot in november , according to takanishi .
relative calm was restored with the arrival of more than , foreign peacekeepers , but dozens of people have been killed in recent months in ongoing clashes between rival gangs .
kaelie altizer , a neighborhood friend , said abhi was really sad when she found out about her father s death monday .
so how will he plead ?
last week , judge james williams reviewed the transcript of a videotape in which pickton is heard telling an undercover police officer that he had planned to kill one more woman before stopping at , taking a break and then killing another women .
earlier thursday , north korean negotiators appealed for aid from the south , but seoul appeared resistant to promising any major assistance until pyongyang keeps its pledge to start dismantling its nuclear program .
one of the boy s legs , which was partially severed by the blast , was amputated , and doctors said they were unsure whether they could save his other leg , barzilai hospital in ashkelon said sunday , according to the associated press .
intensifying competition between banks could lead to a collapse of the whole industry .
in a statement , winfrey said , i d like to thank the south african police services for bringing this investigation at my academy to a timely resolution .
a galactic train wreck in the offing .
what if it had been heading on a collision course ?
ap quoted an afghan police official as saying that the hostage was sick and couldn t walk and was therefore shot .
france s cac slipped . percent to , . and germany s dax declined . percent to , .
armando ferreira , president of the national police union , also defended the search .
abe s statement contradicted evidence in japanese documents , unearthed in , that historians said showed that military authorities had a direct role in working with contractors to forcibly procure women for the brothels .
a german official , who asked not to be identified , said in a telephone interview with yonhap news agency , we have a variety of questions about the court sentence on song .
in making the administration case for a regime change in iraq , he invited british prime minister tony blair to camp david he also planned discussions with other world leaders , including the presidents of france , russia and china .
they have had cold relationships between the two since the seizing of the uss pueblo , green said . the u . s . is committed to keeping freedom of the seas for all users regardless of our relations , regardless of the owner all the vessels . it has to do with the navy s strategy on maritime security .
when it dawned on the pair that sachs who played a spanish waiter in john cleese s s tv comedy fawlty towers
caffeine may influence cell development and decrease blood flow to the placenta , he added .
until october , the comet had been visible to modern astronomers only with a telescope , but that night it suddenly erupted and expanded .
a u . s . commander in iraq said he believes it s not possible to withdraw troops from his region south and east of baghdad by year s end as an influential senator called for a day earlier .
i know it s a very human thing to say is there anything i can do , but in this case i would only entertain offers from very high end experts in brain chemistry .
the acts of terrorism cannot deter government s resolve to fight the scourge with full force , musharraf said , according to the associated press of pakistan .
congress should not go home for the holidays while our troops are still waiting for the funds they need , he said .
meanwhile , the zimbabwe electoral commission has been conducting a recount of parliamentary seats from the march elections .
the statement from the the british council came after russian authorities briefly detained the head of the council s st . petersburg office this week and summoned local staff from the st . petersburg and yekaterinburg offices for interviews .
now die hard supporters are renewing their push for the audacious plan a billion highway project that would link two of the world s most inhospitable regions by burrowing under a stretch of water connecting the pacific with the arctic ocean .
the gonzales trip is clearly related to an effort to pressure iran , roett said .
yasuhiko yoshida , a professor at the osaka university of economics and law , told the joong ang ilbo that pak hyon jae , deputy head of the north s institute for disarmament and peace , told a japanese delegation on a visit to pyongyang that a plutonium based nuclear test is unavoidable and that the world would soon know about a nuclear test .
the new york senator and former presidential candidate asserted that , for too long , u . s . policymakers have been locked in a false either or paradigm forcing a choice between the use of military force and diplomacy .
nasa astronaut sunita suni williams completed her version of the boston marathon on monday more than miles above earth . i m done !
the white house hopefuls are campaigning down to the wire in iowa today , determined to reach as many people as possible before the , caucuses that start at p . m .
the voting session marked the end of tumultuous weeks of debate between the rival parties as major bills involving controversial subjects were at stake .
at the end of a concert in shanghai .
if so , then head to stratton mountain resort in vermont , www . stratton . com , the weekend of july .
did you know that a good haircut can make your face look firmer ?
the remainder are to be fitted with devices to reduce the level of fumes which escape when vehicles fill up .
palestinian militants eluding an army crackdown killed two israeli children in a rocket attack from gaza on wednesday and israeli troops killed seven palestinians in raids in the coastal strip and the west bank .
the u . s . plan would install a radar base in the czech republic and interceptor missiles in poland both former soviet satellites that are now nato members .
earlier , hudson identified the bodies of her darnell donerson , and brother , jason hudson , the cook county medical examiner s office told cnn on sunday .
it s a bottle of poison , the nafdac laboratory said .
china hopes to reduce the total amount of pollutants in the air , water and soil by percent of levels .
the korean government , however , insisted that the center must be located in south jeolla province , where it wants to establish a biological research and development complex according to its so called national balanced development policy .
rice will hold a dinner monday evening for all the delegations at the state department , and bush will speak .
despite hartmann s guarantees , charles swift , a former u . s . navy attorney , said the process will not afford detainees an adequate defense .
messi had points and torres was on .
the first driver raced through a police checkpoint guarding the station and exploded his vehicle just outside the two story building , police said . moments later , a second suicide car bomber aimed for the checkpoint s concrete barriers and exploded just outside them , police said .
the introduction of the obama economic team and first , some words from the president , who s meeting with the treasury secretary right now .
the mofat band , a musical group comprising members of the ministry of foreign affairs and trade , has picked up a new drummer
the glacier swiss camp rests on has doubled its speed to about miles a year in the last years , just as its tongue retreated km into the fjord .
us president bush plans to urge allies at an asian pacific summit in chile to press north korea to return to stalled talks over its nuclear weapons program .
an internet message said the elephants appeared scared and restless to visitors at the park tuesday .
her employer , air india , says she is too fat to fly .
though odell could not leave the iron lung , she was able to be moved in the machine .
maintenance workers are scrubbing desks and door handles at new york city schools closed by a new swine flu outbreak .
the new program , called blunt , started this week in one borough and should be in place in all london boroughs within the next few months , said a metropolitan police spokesman , who asked not to be identified in line with police rules .
overweight people were percent more likely if they had a low belly measurement , but more than twice as likely if they had a high belly measurement .
however , it was not all joy for the williams family as younger sister serena is out of the tournament after an epic quarterfinal clash with top seed justine henin .
before the award ceremony at zurich s opera house , kaka owed his success this year to his club .
the number of casualties is likely to rise as the other workers were locked inside the engulfed underground facilities until the blaze was brought under control at p . m .
chun appointed himself the country s fifth president in after a massacre in may in kwangju .
the atmosphere among us soldiers is great .
london , england cnn some english people have resorted to pulling out their own teeth because they cannot find or cannot afford a dentist , a major study has revealed .
tikrit police said two journalists working for a local newspaper were killed and three security guards were wounded in the ambush .
the resumption of aid was delayed after the north missed a deadline to close a nuclear reactor in a landmark deal .
however , he was the only candidate in the vote .
the u . s . embassy in bangkok said that five americans were among those killed when the one two go jet crashed in bad weather as it landed at phuket s airport on sunday .
now there was a bigger mystery
the unidentified ship , which had ignored orders to stop within japan s nautical mile exclusive economic zone , by japanese coast guard ships .
mini cyber bars can now be found in bookstores , barbershops , clothes stores , and the butcher s .
senate foreign relations committee chairman john kerry welcoming clinton to capitol hill a short while ago .
the fighting started when a squad size element of extremist taliban ambushed the patrol with small arms , machine gun and rocket propelled grenade fire from several buildings within the village limits , the coalition said .
no formal vote count was held , but a clear majority of lawmakers voted to suspend her for the rest of her five year term by raising colored cards , noori said .
since leading the night charge for the auto insurance industry in .
opposition parties in parliament have criticized harper s conservative government for focusing too much on security at the expense of reconstruction aid .
typically , asking people to revisit these scenes drives up heart rate and blood pressure .
politkovskaya , whose persistent reporting of atrocities against civilians in chechnya had angered the kremlin but won her international acclaim , was gunned down in the entryway of her moscow apartment building on october , .
north korea has pledged to disable its nuclear facilities and declare all its nuclear programs by year s end in return for energy aid and political concessions from the u . s . , china , japan , south korea and russia .
he said opposition leader aung san suu kyi had been allowed to issue a statement for the first time in over four years and had been allowed to meet members of her party .
a pilot episode of the show has already been filmed and the first episodes are expected to air some time in february , christina patzl , a spokeswoman for puls
in the deadliest clash , taliban ambushed a police convoy in shahjoi district of southeastern zabul province on wednesday .
that is the official position of the white house , said kwak .
iraqi security forces were on high alert sunday around baghdad and in the sunni heartland north of the capital as the country marked the one year anniversary of saddam hussein s execution .
physicist josh colwell of the university of central florida in orlando said by studying the brightness of stars as the rings pass in front of them , we are able to map the ring structure in d and learn more about the shape , spacing and orientation of clusters of particles ,
jet captain reported ufo sighting
hussain said the regulatory authority had called aaj tv and warned the station against allowing the broadcasters on the air .
the lack of communication is the latest sign of a chasm that has developed since microsoft chief executive steve ballmer lashed out at yahoo s board in an april letter .
the number of dead and injured could rise as officials venture to the more remote areas and rural and indigenous communities of chile s desert .
this was agreed by the boards of both companies and by large shareholders , he said .
the strong yen hit japanese exporters , such as toyota motor corp and sony corp .
it s a kind of early warning system to track the transmission of viruses in virus hot spots around the world .
vatican spokesman the rev . federico lombardi said saturday that the monsignor had been suspended pending a vatican investigation .
microsoft s hostile bid for yahoo ! raises troubling questions , david drummond , google s chief legal officer , wrote , ap reported .
bhumibol has been hospitalized since oct . after feeling what was described as weakness on the right side of his body , and tests found he was getting inadequate blood supply to the brain , the palace said .
she told reporters that there is less than a percent chance of finding any additional information , describing the rocky and muddy conditions in the mine .
mccartney would need the consent of lennon s widow , yoko ono , and george harrison s widow , olivia harrison , to release the track .
twenty six alleged members of a hispanic gang believed to be one of the nation s largest and most violent were indicted in north carolina and charged with offenses including drug activity , racketeering , assault and murder , according to federal court documents .
workers at seven airports , including london s heathrow and gatwick , decided to take action after airport operator baa announced its intention to change its employee pension plan , the unite union said .
she married in .
martinez had arranged through a third party to have his daughter marry the older teenager , identified by authorities as margarito de jesus galindo , of gonzales , california .
secretary geithner received a commitment to lessen some of the bonuses for senior executives , a promise for the restructuring moving forward .
she did not say how the child was conceived .
he continued you should treat them humanely . do not beat them and overburden them . you should also feed them properly if they have to serve you for a long time .
he has , after all , led almost a half dozen mock mars missions on barren arctic ice fields and scorching utah deserts with volunteer teams made up of students , scientists , journalists and anyone else willing to wear fake spacesuits and live in tiny tin can like habitation modules for days on end .
the ruling uri party managed to get only two seats by proportional representation and the small opposition democratic party and democractic labor party each got one seat .
it was a relatively happy action for the police because we managed to avoid something more serious .
as flies buzzed around a basket of bloody gauze , moana saito nursed her newborn daughter , delivered in an open air maternity ward near the center of the solomon islands earthquake and tsunami disaster .
in addition to her kidney failure , she was being treated for extensive sores from lying in the same position for a week and nearly had to have a leg amputated , said her husband , tom rider .
major news outlets had agreed to keep the information secret for security reasons , but a web site broke the news blackout .
but markets have since risen to levels greenspan said were unsustainable .
representatives for rail unions and management agreed wednesday on a schedule for negotiations and a list of subjects to be covered in future meetings .
the recording is expected to top the british singles charts breaking the long running tie between presley and the beatles hits in the united kingdom , which currently stands at apiece , record company giants sony music and universal music said they planned to soon offer cheaper and easier ways to download music from the web in the industry s latest effort to stem online piracy .
my hearts and prayers go out to virginia tech .
meanwhile , a tornado watch has been posted in parts of the midwest , where just a few days ago , it was below zero .
he calls on internet users and developers to share responsibility for making the internet available , secure , affordable and accessible to everyone .
islamic insurgents have been battling algeria s government for years , but have largely focused on symbols of algeria s military backed government and civilians .
china , ys s visit to taiwan is improper .
beijing , china cnn china announced sunday that it will suspend the olympic torch relay from monday until wednesday to observe a three day mourning period for victims of last week s earthquake , according to state run television .
the dollar slipped to . japanese yen from . yen following reports in the media that merrill lynch co . will announce billion to billion in new write downs thursday .
the company s second a could not be used as it was undergoing maintenance .
then the two men escaped , she said .
cnn the iranian parliament on saturday voted to designate the united states central intelligence agency and the u . s . army as terrorist organizations , irna , the country s state run news agency , reported .
it can be a friend , a very good friend .
once murray and his team of engineers have completed the design he will look to sell the license to build the t to motor manufacturers .
the device scanned a million pixel image using light spectrums , including ultra violet and infrared .
he has already been tried in absentia in panama .
the kind of anger and resentment domestically in india is pointing the finger at pakistan .
new south wales state deputy chief magistrate paul cloran said the rocky and rambo star had failed to show he had a valid prescription for vials of human growth hormone that were in his luggage when he arrived for a promotional tour in february .
hilton says she is now committed to using her celebrity status for the greater good .
the case is likely to unnerve austrians on the heels of a highly publicized incest case in amstetten , outside vienna .
he didn t make it , said taylor s former attorney , richard sharpstein , on cnn s american morning .
clinton cast her vote in the new york s democratic presidential primary tuesday morning at an elementary school polling station with her husband and daughter .
we never expected , when we printed out our budget , that they would simply xerox it and vote on it .
what s good for the heart may hurt the brain , according to a new study of the effects of alcohol .
earlier this month , u . s . ambassador alexander vershbow dubbed north korea a criminal regime , accusing it of involvement in large scale counterfeiting and drug trafficking .
passenger flights remained grounded , but cargo , military and emergency flights had resumed by tuesday afternoon at bangkok s suvarnabhumi international airport , spokeswoman monrudee kettuphan said .
officials confirmed , people had fled homes , the biggest mass evacuation in california s history .
the world bank announced on thursday that it is making . billion available in grants and loans to combat the global food crisis , including some million for those most at risk in the world s poorest countries .
after lengthy talks with the bank s board , wolfowitz said he would quit the global lending body on june .
the rare genetic disorder creates a chronic hungry feeling that can lead to overeating and life threatening obesity .
wen also strove to put a human face on the chinese government , coming out early thursday for a jog at a tokyo park wearing sportswear with a beijing olympics logo
education ministry authorities say they have heard no such reports .
want to attract boycotters ?
we ll stop there , but you go right ahead and think about all the body parts you want .
today , however , the park is near the break even point .
influenza outbreaks frequently occur on cruise ships , even during summer voyages to northern destinations like alaska .
would be good for the nation .
moscow , russia cnn russia said monday it has begun fuel deliveries to an atomic power station in iran that has been at the center of international concerns over tehran s nuclear program .
information is a crucial tool in any war , but is especially important in afghanistan where the taliban s deeds , words and images have portrayed a deteriorating security landscape , with nato soldiers on the run .
despite north korea backing away from part of the agreement yesterday , at the very least , it shows that patient diplomacy offers better prospects of progress than the stalemate resulting from the previous pattern of non negotiable demands by the united states and brinkmanship and cheating by pyongyang s erratic leader , kim jong il .
representatives to the six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff concentrated on bilateral meetings and working group discussions through the weekend to hammer out a draft statement of principles the first time any joint declaration will have come out of four rounds of negotiations .
the supreme court , in a ruling , upheld kentucky s use of lethal injection as a means of executing prisoners , ruling that the method used in some states is properly and humanely applied .
gov . tim kaine declared a virginia wide state of emergency as hazardous weather continued through the central part of the state .
strickland and federal emergency management agency officials surveyed damage in the heavily flooded northwest ohio village of ottawa , where he walked through the muddy streets .
maybe you had one as a kid , or knew someone who did .
neither of those is final yet .
instead , schiller introduced upgrades to apple s ilife and iwork software suites , unveiled a inch unibody macbook pro with a more powerful battery , and announced tweaks to itunes cents per song pricing model .
meanwhile , as negotiations over korean hostages held by taliban terrorists have made little headway with two captives already being killed , the seoul government is desperately looking for the united states to help in the release of the remaining hostages by pushing the afghan government to free jailed taliban fighters .
it is the same type of issue
in fact , any level of alcohol consumption resulted in a decline in brain volume .
he supported an end to purdah the wearing of the veil for women , used foreign cash to develop the country s medieval infrastructure and managed to keep a balance between rival soviet and western interests in his country .
but the moment everyone is waiting for comes tuesday morning , when steve jobs makes his annual keynote address at san francisco s moscone center .
at least three two of them said to be shorter range fell into the east sea .
the talks have turned into a diplomatic stalemate .
the back to the future and taxi star showed abc s good morning america what remained of his million home in the exclusive celebrity neighborhood northwest of los angeles .
last year , storms hit the country and about people were killed by floods and landslides , the government said .
hamas , which dominates the pa , has refused to recognize israel .
did they really expect that israel would sit by as a government and do nothing while they send rocket after rocket into civilian areas in israel trying to kill our people ?
bruni , now a singer , dated rockers mick jagger and eric clapton , tycoon donald trump and actor vincent perez .
kouchner said he wants to discuss it with other foreign ministers from the nation european union next week .
royal insisted on the show that france is ready for its first woman president and that she is up to the task rebutting critics who say that she a former environment , schools and family minister lacks experience in the most senior government posts and so is unsuitable .
ah , here it is , the start of a memorial day weekend .
the church said it would ask president roh moo hyun to veto the bill and would take the matter to the constitutional court if he did not .
i ve been here for years , and that s the biggest lobster i ve ever seen , valenti said .
the actor is set to co star with harrison ford in indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , due in theaters next year .
one shows the bright kuiper crater just south of the center of the planet .
it is indisputable that the taliban are testing our determination .
in addition , the three automakers have about , u . s . dealerships that between them employ another , workers .
it is the first time that she has been called in by prosecutors .
kim said the actual figure was much higher due to underreporting by students and schools .
for decades , john mccain has been a part of this failure in washington .
that s the concern that s fueling a worldwide boom in brain fitness that shows few signs of slowing .
scientists have long suspected that birds evolved from dinosaurs based on a study of dinosaur bones , but until recently , no soft tissue had survived to confirm the link .
officials hope the flooding will stir up sediment and redistribute it through the canyon .
they studied more than , women between the ages of and .
last week , new york based human rights watch raised doubts about the elections , saying it was likely to be deeply flawed .
israeli tv reported that a car bomb went off next to a bus on hadera s main hanassi street .
vincent s infirmary medical center sent out a release saying that anne presley , the year old television anchor woman who was beaten at her home earlier in the week , had died .
ma also enlists help from friends who are less mainstream such as the green haired galician bagpiper cristina pato and mandolin player chris thiele .
in his role as chairman of the realtors commercial alliance committee , good commented on tough conditions last month at a business conference .
but some in the industry are concerned about the proliferation of domain name suffixes in recent years .
members of a tribal clan who took gwen le gouil hostage last wednesday have demanded an , ransom for his release , indicating the kidnapping is financial and not political , according to mohamad mohamed , the editor of radio garowe , which broadcasts from northern somalia s puntland province .
elisabeth byrs , spokeswoman for the u . n . office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs , said aid workers who visited all the major markets in yangon found no evidence of hoarding or sale of relief goods .
the national party stripped florida of its delegates last year , along with michigan , when both states scheduled their primaries in january in violation of dnc instructions .
serena will now face top seed and world number one justine henin in a blockbuster quarterfinal , after the belgian became the first woman into the quarterfinals with a defeat of switzerland s patty schynder .
zanu pf said this was wishful thinking .
thursday s radio announcement obliquely denied the military was misappropriating aid .
the writer will spend her breaks in the seclusion of a jury room away from any die hard potter fans .
mccain s bid for president was sidetracked in south carolina in after a victory in new hampshire .
i think you re gonna have a major shift , to seats in the house of representatives and to seats in u . s .
bayern took the lead in front of a full house of , at the allianz arena when toni scored his opener in the st minute .
under existing chinese rules , its carmakers must use chinese made parts or pay higher taxes .
the korea times reports defense minister cho young kil told lawmakers the usfk commander would leave for washington on thursday to discuss related matters , including the question of whether the iraq bound u . s . troops will return to korea after their mission in the middle east .
a new breed of visually striking games promises to light up computer screens with even sharper , more lifelike graphics than ever before .
pakistani president pervez musharraf announced thursday that he will end a state of emergency on december ahead of upcoming elections a key demand by the united states and opposition leaders .
business was also strong at take me out , the richard greenberg baseball drama .
islamabad , pakistan cnn baton wielding police fought with lawyers outside courthouses in islamabad and lahore again tuesday , arresting dozens more as they enforced pakistani president pervez musharraf s crackdown on judicial activism .
about percent of the electronic newspaper s content comes from the public , the balance from ohmynews s team of professional reporters and editors .
the government thinks it can pull off this trick because it did so once before .
but it would then give congress the option of cutting off money if the security situation did not improve .
jackson , mississippi ap a former ku klux klansman said he kept silent about the abduction , beating and drowning of two black teenagers because he feared retribution from fellow klansmen .
the national flag is fluttering in the hands of the people in the royal palace now , said prime minister girija prasad koirala at a ceremony at the former palace sunday .
japan is heavily reliant on nuclear power but confidence has been hit by a series of incidents in recent years .
with food no longer the sole motivation for existence , the way was paved for the development of government , trading and individual specialization .
the blast wounded civilian contractors .
for their part , the opposition lawmakers said they would take their oaths under the constitution as it was on november , . party members slapped their hands on tables in thunderous applause .
the korea times reports seoul has mobilized five warships , two aircraft along with special military unit members to force back the japanese protest boat , warning that any intruders would be dealt with sternly in accordance with international and domestic laws .
the complaint made clear the informant had deeply infiltrated the group .
black resigned as chairman and chief executive officer of hollinger in after an internal investigation into shareholders complaints that he and other executives were lining their pockets with company funds .
meanwhile , the head of the national transportation safety board said saturday that federal investigators finished inspecting the south side of the collapsed bridge , helping to clear the way for the state of minnesota to begin moving damaged cars and debris to secure areas .
other people , i don t know the right way to say this , but they think it s more sexual , kind of . they don t understand just the being free with your body and being comfortable .
suddenly and without warning , the hamas leader appeared .
with sarah palin rallying republicans this morning in suburban cleveland , while john mccain tells kdka radio in pittsburgh , he ll put in a long day to try to outperform the polls , hitting seven crucial states .
there is definitely a market for an executive version of the airbus , said bernd habbel , lufthansa technik s head of corporate communications .
the suns played without star point guard steve nash , who sat out with an ankle injury .
dog owners say their pets show no reluctance to donate blood . he knows where we re going .
bush has said he wants deeper , permanent changes .
the environmental protester stepped over a knee high barrier to attach masks emblazoned with co , the chemical notation for carbon dioxide .
driving alone down a stretch of desolate highway en route to roswell , i begin to understand why conspiracy buffs have long argued that aliens crash landed in the desert here a half century ago .
md of microsoft research , cambridge , andrew herbert told cnn , sitting at a keyboard with a screen in front of us is an old fashioned view of computing . technology is going to be around us , it s going to be much easier to use .
it is important that you give me the power to carry out reforms , he said .
the u . s . military said senior al qaeda figures had been killed or captured in november but the appearance of a british hostage in a video aired on arabic language al arabiya channel underscored the continuing threat of violence .
bush had said he wanted an american to succeed wolfowitz , despite increasing calls from world bank member countries and some u . s . lawmakers to throw the process open to a global pool of candidates .
in tuesday s other group b tie , third ranked sweden were held to a draw by african champions nigeria .
suspected in the deaths is slim and other herbal products manufactured by the guangdong based yuzhitang health products company .
during the moscow demonstrations saturday , police detained and then released former world chess champion garry kasparov , who has emerged as a political opposition leader .
if the others have climbed hills , you ve climbed mountains .
indiana jones .
you wouldn t notice it but for a constant stream of steam billowing up to the sky from a rusty derrick .
in a csa poll for liberation newspaper , percent of respondents said they were rather favorable to the idea of sarkozy staying away from the opening ceremonies .
the pope who will be receiving the seminar participants is scheduled to meet with muslim scholars on the last day of the conference .
anwar , , dismissed the accusation as a complete fabrication .
but reporters asked whether the unusual exchange spawned from a translation issue or whether roh had been unsatisfied with possible differences between what bush said in the earlier meeting and what he said in front of the cameras .
tripoli , lebanon ap lebanese tanks pounded the headquarters of a group with suspected links to al qaeda in a palestinian refugee camp near tripoli sunday after the northern city s worst clashes in two decades killed soldiers and militants .
the elah valley , which shares its name with the fortress .
citing strong exports and improving consumer spending , finance minister han duck soo yesterday forecast a percent growth rate for the korean economy in the second half of the year .
annan will also have talks with president roh moo hyun on tuesday .
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld expressed gratitude for president roh .
it used to be that atms and automated voices handled the after hours crowd .
he was booked into the clark county jail on a fugitive warrant , booking records show .
i want to create the foundations of a lasting peace and security , ban told reporters last week .
in february , the beach plum spa opened in plymouth at the john carver inn , where percent of the guests are visiting plimoth plantation to learn about the pilgrims .
the animosity originates from the korean war , during which u . s . troops fought for south korea , and is cultivated by communist leaders , says cho , , a college professor in north korea who now works at seoul s korea institute for international economic policy .
we ve already seen reports from manufacturers that they re having to cut prices to sell their products to retailers , and retailers in turn are discounting heavily for the christmas season .
federal agents used surveillance and shipping , phone and bank records to track the suspect shipments .
we had a huge weekend , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers . that s really due to the little chihuahua .
the impact is devastating , and it s as easy as clicking a button .
early exit poll results show democratic voters divided in mississippi .
the crisis was triggered last october when u . s . envoy james kelly confronted the stalinist state during a visit to pyongyang with u . s . claims that north korea had launched an enriched uranium program in violation with a anti nuclear deal with washington .
bruce sterling , one of the pioneers of cyberpunk literature in the s and an active sci fi guru , neologized the term spime in to refer to any object that can define itself in terms of both space and time , i . e . using gps to locate itself and rfid to trace its own history .
for the first time in nearly a year , president roh moo hyun met with his predecessor yesterday to compare notes on their respective summits with the north korean leader and conservatives were quick to criticize .
the last time the world experienced such food price increases was in to . . . but today the situation is completely different .
they also include rojas son , emmanuel , who was born in captivity , and consuelo gonzalez , a former colombian congressman , he said .
deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra will return to thailand from months of exile abroad thursday to fight corruption charges , a pro thaksin web site and one of his lawyers said .
nearly million americans get their health insurance directly from one of the big three automakers .
parades of the passing of the olympic torch have faced massive demonstrations , most recently in san francisco .
vancel said she had scoured her home , even dumping the trash can on the kitchen floor to sort through the rubbish for the ring .
his doctors have said he can begin throwing within four months .
kazakhstan has taken a real step towards democracy , the presenter on state controlled khabar television said after a live broadcast of the preliminary results .
heavy fighting between the shia mehdi army , led by radical shia cleric moqtada sadr , has continued in basra for a third day , with violence in other parts of southern iraq .
top aide to president elect barack obama is making the rounds of the sunday talk shows .
thousands of muslim league party workers have been detained ahead of sharif s return , according to party spokesman ahsan iqbal .
but the ministry of foreign affairs and trade in seoul said sunday that the date was still under negotiation .
dakar , senegal cnn renewed fighting saturday inside a national park in congo that is home to endangered mountain gorillas forced rangers to flee for the second time in less than a week , conservationists said .
london , england cnn a british teenage actor playing a minor role in the upcoming harry potter film was stabbed to death during a brawl in london on saturday , police said .
three australians convicted of drug smuggling in indonesia have had death sentences commuted to life in prison .
christopher hill said north korea is now asking for a light water nuclear reactor a new demand which was not part of the draft agreement .
forgeard made a profit of some million when he sold his stock in march , and his three children also sold stock options .
indonesia straddles the pacific ring of fire , a system of fault lines stretching across the tropical archipelago , that give it more active volcanoes than any other country .
merkel heads to japan on wednesday where she will also address climate change and economic issues .
according to the french news agency afp , a few hundred stone throwing rioters charged the police in the place de la bastille , where , supporters of segolene royal had earlier gathered to hear the results .
the h n avian influenza virus is not transmitted to humans through properly prepared and cooked food even if contaminated with the virus prior to cooking , according the who web site .
but lee said the visit would not be feasible before the end of putin s term .
islamabad , pakistan cnn shortly after making their coalition official , pakistan s main opposition parties on sunday called on president pervez musharraf to immediately convene parliament .
i will live and lead by these principles
former u . n . secretary general kofi annan was expected to arrive tuesday night to take over mediation efforts in the dispute .
two younger brothers run auto repair and liquor shops in the united states .
he coached the south african national team before taking over as pakistan s coach in .
but there are some other cracks starting to show in the republican wall of support most dramatically monday when republican sen . dick lugar rose to speak in the senate .
reporters and photographers waiting to see maradona were kept away from him by police and , when asked how he felt on his arrival , he replied in spanish
the southern african development community has called on mugabe to postpone friday s vote .
she has said securing more donations was the only way she could continue to compete with a rival who was outspending her massively .
dozens of families have been evacuated from hills around the el beni region s capital city of trinidad , where they have taken refuge .
idyllic beaches were turned into fields of debris . around , people were displaced .
in the capital pyongyang , much of the north s infrastructure is a shambles , with the communist state still using rail lines and power systems built during japan s colonial rule of the peninsula .
the climbers started their ascent at a . m . thursday p . m . wednesday along the tibetan side of everest , known there as chomolungma .
police clashed thursday with students , environmentalists and left leaning brazilians protesting a visit by president bush and his push for an ethanol energy alliance with latin america s largest nation .
a commentator who wanted to be called only a diplomatic source suggested yesterday that few koreans seem to understand the basic principles that are the foundation for some of the ambassador s statements .
it s gaining weight , it s very hungry , it drinks a lot of milk , said alexandra foghammar , a spokeswoman for the city .
the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes .
all parties need to have a destination in mind to solve the israeli palestinian conflict , rice said in a joint news conference with palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
the year old markova s lawyer , merrill cohen , says lohan had been sitting next to her client .
the stock market has been bouncing around up and down in the first minutes of trading .
the euro and the pound have been climbing steadily against the dollar since august amid fears for the health of the u . s . economy , stoked by the subprime credit crisis .
measuring it is devilishly difficult .
i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything in response .
but indonesian prosecutors appealed against that sentence , and the supreme court instituted the death penalty against the three .
keith richards and ronnie wood were pictured smoking on stage during their concert at the new arena on tuesday night .
there s a strong market for change at the white house , lifting democrats hopes .
naughton said percent of deaths are from injuries where blood loss was uncontrollable .
it s outside of our scope , mcquaid said
the south koreans members of a church group in afghanistan to perform volunteer medical aid were kidnapped days ago from their bus in ghazni province .
i actually don t think i served that well tonight , but i was playing clean tennis , said roddick , who won the title in and .
both candidates have many great endorsers , but the voters , not endorsers , will decide this election , and there are still millions of voters in upcoming contests who want to have their voices heard , clinton spokesman jay carson said .
while the family huddled in the culvert , lexi led them in impromptu singalongs .
i feel like we ve stumbled into an episode of nova .
though percent of men ages to had a spouse or other intimate relationship , the figure for women of the same age range was percent .
the plan is part of measures to overhaul the system that requires service from all able bodied men over .
taken during a three hour span before and after the spacecraft s closest approach to mercury , the photos offer detailed new glimpses of the barren planet .
it was a rare clash between the lebanese army and militants and the first major fighting between the security forces and palestinians since the early s when troops fought palestinian guerrillas in ein el hilweh refugee camp in southern lebanon .
rome , italy cnn police made a string of arrests across europe tuesday , detaining people suspected of involvement in the recruitment of suicide bombers , italian police said .
an investigation was launched after the beijing games over claims that several members of their women s squad were ineligible because they were not in the year of competition .
campaigns were working to finalize massive get out the vote efforts to get their supporters to the caucuses thursday .
the weekend s other new wide release , overture films crime comedy mad money , with diane keaton , queen latifah and katie holmes plotting a federal reserve bank heist , opened at no . with . million .
not all of the cars carrying the eight segments derailed .
the attack occurred at the bonga oil facility , which is miles
the year old heiress checked into the century regional detention facility in lynwood just after p . m . sunday .
the exit polls from kentucky also suggest a deep division among democrats .
yahoo had been at best inexcusably negligent and at worst deceptive in evidence given to the house foreign affairs committee last year , it said .
and though it s still tiny , e commerce is growing and hasn t even reached the beginning of its potential .
jackson is scheduled to testify on monday .
the mass executions are likely to complicate relationships between afghanistan and some nato countries with military forces in the country .
legend has it that vlad , who earned his nickname because of the way he tortured his enemies , spent one night in the s at the castle .
fine diners know that the perfect meal isn t just about the entr eacute
the berlin zoo pulled out all the stops to fete its star attraction , who has gone from a fluffy white powderpuff of a cub to a full grown polar bear with a cheeky curiosity and a penchant for muddying his coat by rolling in the dirt .
meanwhile , south korean president roh moo hyun told his military saturday to prepare in case north korea attempts minor provocations to show hostility during the military exercises , south korean news agency yonhap said .
a black law enforcement officer from louisiana testified tuesday that he befriended gilbert the founder of the white knights of the ku klux klan in mississippi and acted as a go between when abc producers began urging gilbert to tell his story .
i think this is a little bit like the campaign against slavery in the late th century , she said .
juppe is a former prime minister and had been in charge of the environment and energy , among other policy areas , in the month old government sarkozy put together after his may presidential election victory .
the total includes previously announced store closures .
the lawmaker , malalai joya , , said in a recent interview with private afghan station tolo tv that the country s parliament was like a stable or zoo .
the move is expected to clear the way for sharif to run for office in elections scheduled for later this year or early next year .
and he s expected to feel some budget chill on the hill when he goes to the capitol to talk to them today .
last week , claude roulet , who was assistant to the president of the ritz hotel and assisted fayed in choosing a ring from repossi s shop in paris , testified that the dis moi oui ring was chosen only hours before the couple died in a car crash .
at least fires started after about , lightning strikes since friday evening , said mike jarvis , spokesman for the department of forestry and fire protection .
u . s . government officials do not meet with leaders of hamas , which has carried out terrorist attacks and is listed by the united states and israel as a terrorist organization .
rather , they increased their child s risk of poor verbal iq development compared to mothers who ate more than ounces a week .
the federal attorney general s office is investigating the incident .
a study of the world s power stations has shown the extent to which developed countries produce more carbon dioxide per head than emerging economies .
bush is scheduled to have the medical procedure , expected to take about hours , at the presidential retreat at camp david , maryland , snow said .
sinking island nation seeks new home
afghan rebel leader and taliban and al qaeda ally gulbuddin hekmatyar has declared a ceasefire against afghanistan s government , he said in a statement .
authorities also continued spot checks on roads leading to heiligendamm .
so far in december , with . inches measured um , we are only a little more than a half inch of snow less than we received in bismarck all of last year .
the paper said the deal would be signed when chavez travels to moscow for the inauguration of incoming president dmitry medvedev .
the fourth screen is a lot smaller , but people here at barcelona are convinced you want to access all the content from the other three screens on your mobile phone .
more than a million people are thought to have died during the four years of khmer rouge rule between .
his last public statement was an audio message issued in december , when he urged his followers in iraq to continue battling u . s . troops there .
hillary clinton was asked by another voter how she defines the word liberal .
albanel called the find exceptional and said that the caesar bust is the oldest representation known today of the emperor .
this is a full windows xp computer that fits in your pocket , said colin hunter , executive vice president of oqo .
the shaking was so violent , i freaked out . all i could do was to duck underneath the desk , said yukiko taka , , the owner of a traditional lacquerware shop in wajima , the hardest hit town in ishikawa prefecture state . it was so frightening .
interior secretary kamal shah confirmed the arrest of two people in the town of dera ismail khan in north west frontier province , and said one a teenage boy had confessed involvement in the december attack that killed bhutto .
armed students at the mosque and religious schools linked to it have defied authorities for months in a campaign for islamic sharia law .
oh my goodness , we have to cover this up
ten people were arrested after about demonstrators at sydney s town hall tried to break through a police cordon and march on the u . s . consulate about four hours before cheney s plane landed .
huck ruled he is satisfied france has provided assurances noriega will be treated as a prisoner of war in accordance with the geneva conventions even though he might not be specifically labeled a pow by france .
the number of newborns in korea increased for the first time in six years in , the national statistical office said yesterday .
the argument in question , on the value of words in the public square , is one about which he and i have spoken frequently before .
they re bringing about billion worth of technology , and so that s important
instead , a planet s existence is deduced from wobbles of the star around which it orbits caused by the planet s gravitational force .
although the next several states that hold nominating contests this month are more favorable to the obama campaign , we will continue to compete in them and hope to secure as many delegates as we can before the race turns to ohio , texas and pennsylvania , read a statement from clinton s campaign .
there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties from the quake recorded at am local time by the us geological survey .
alley wentworth is back , playing a therapist to the stars on head case , and one of her patients this season is her old schmoopy , jerry seinfeld
we re going back , the washington post quoted christopher hill , the chief u . s . envoy to the talks , as saying in its saturday edition .
affects our cardiovascular health , said dr . lori mosca , director of preventive cardiology at new york presbyterian hospital , who was not involved in the research .
cristina medina , a spokeswoman for the ecuadorean red cross , said provinces most heavily affected were along the pacific coast , where drinking water was often in short supply .
he told un secretary general ban ki moon that he felt african efforts to obtain the release of results had made no progress , a un statement says .
pyongyang has agreed to take the first steps towards nuclear disarmament , promising to shut down its main nuclear reactor in return for fuel aid .
smith had publicly identified howard k . stern , her lawyer and live in companion , as the baby s father and listed him as the father on the child s birth certificate .
it was not clear tuesday whether she had been discharged .
the attacks came a day after the us senate unanimously approved an emergency spending bill authorizing a further b for us military operations in iraq and afghanistan , among other activities .
along with the phalange party , known for its anti syrian stance , the bankers union and the ministry of education backed the strike .
it makes the bush administration look very weak , at a time in iraq and dealing with iran that it needs to look strong , bolton told cnn s wolf blitzer monday .
gen . david petraeus and other senior u . s . officers in iraq told the washington post in interviews that the increase in u . s . and iraqi troops since february had improved security in baghdad and the restive anbar province but that attacks had risen sharply in other regions .
here in the assembly , everyone wears the same identical dark suit .
two suspects were in custody , and the estado de s . paulo newspaper reported they had been promised . million for the heist .
he ascended the throne in after his father was assassinated by a deranged student .
but the artist still works there by day and travels to a safe house by night .
russia s orbiting mir space station ends its year odyssey with a fiery plunge into the south pacific .
that city is considered critical in the offensive to wrest control of the valley from the taliban .
the son , a yale university student , was reportedly hit several times in the face and pushed down a staircase , suffering a cut to his forehead that needed stitches .
the korean medical association announced yesterday that its members will strike to prevent the government from extending the college pharmacology curriculum from four years to six .
but most of the future profits of the sports shoe business will be won in asia .
points of view need to be heard .
but it was hard to stay hopeful lost in rugged terrain , in heavy snow , with no food and few warm clothes .
on the democratic side , sen . hillary clinton was projected to break barack obama s contest winning streak with a victory in rhode island .
but hawass said he fears a more recent phenomenon mass tourism is further deteriorating tut s mummy .
information and communication minister rho jun hyong and agriculture minister park hong soo also offered to step down yesterday .
zhu also called for more radical capitalist style reform , more opening of china s markets to foreign competition and the closure of inefficient companies steps bound to inflict still more pain .
the source said mccain and giuliani need to talk , but we are working to make it happen .
in his inaugural address at the national assembly , lee , the first former ceo to serve as president , called the starting year for advancing korea .
a vessel dredging sand from the seabed and spraying and piling it onto the desired area and into the requested shape .
tokyo is also currently in the process of buying two missile defense systems , after which it will be responsible for defending not only itself but also the , us troops stationed on its territory .
even the bulletproof windows of big banks were smashed .
during the hearing , judge colonel james pohl ruled that abu ghraib must be preserved as a crime scene for the soldiers trials .
the blast was not a terrorist act but an apparent murder of a man who worked at a business inside the hotel , he said , adding that the case was being investigated as a homicide with an unusual weapon .
in addition , the farmers said , they plan to halt grain exports during the eight day period .
prosecutors suspect chung raised massive amounts of slush funds through six group affiliates since and used the money to illegally transfer corporate wealth to his family .
the two are actually trying to fix a burnt out camera and install a new science instrument which is designed to detect faint light from faraway quasars .
the unemployment claims came out a lot worse than we expected , this is the year high for initial claims .
other measures are also planned to prevent suicide .
or will it be tragic , a finale in which harry the boy who lived , to his fellow wizards dies in his prime though not , presumably , without dispatching you know who ?
we are really sorry because our intention was never to separate families , he told france in n djamena , the capital of chad .
kibaki also named a member coalition cabinet on sunday , and thanked kenyans for their patience during prolonged talks with odinga s orange democratic movement to reach an agreement .
we applaud the efforts of the government of iraq to secure the release of the hostages , according to a statement released sunday by u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack .
let me state the obvious again
a roadside bomb killed three iraqi children and injured seven as they gathered around american troops handing out toys on sunday , police and government officials told cnn .
with the summer olympic games fast approaching , the spanish olympic committee stirred the lyric writing impulses of spaniards by sponsoring a competition to provide words for the anthem .
prices of railway tickets , natural gas for civilian use and public transportation will not be raised to reduce the impact of the price hikes on the public , and the government will provide subsidies for taxi drivers , it said .
but the ham wasn t made by italy s premier prosciutto makers , who can use the name parma , the italian city famed for the delicacy .
roddick s business opposed product testing on animals and tried to encourage development by purchasing materials from small communities in the third world .
the next day , we were ready for another hike but a shorter one .
who defines normal bmi as . to . .
there have been several attempts to hijack turkish airlines in recent years .
no one has done as much for russia as yeltsin did .
obama , mccain campaigns computers hacked for policy data
by , women outlived men by seven years , and now there is about a five year gap , he said .
president roh and president bush reaffirmed that they will not tolerate nuclear weapons in north korea , the statement said .
the u . s . is joining japan , china , india , australia and south korea at the meeting , along with more than major resource and power companies .
in the face of what s arguably the darkest economic outlook since the great depression , voters say the economy is overwhelmingly the most important issue this election .
although william swope , intel s director of corporate affairs said philanthropy is the reason for the partnership announced friday with one laptop per child .
thousands more fans lined the route to the city s san fernando cemetery where the family held a private burial ceremony .
what if obama came to her house and asked her in person to attend ? cooper perks up and a big smile spreads across her face .
trade between the two nations in the first months of amounted to million , an increase of percent from the previous year .
north and south korea agreed friday to launch cross border rail service for the first time in more than half a century , the latest sign of improving relations between the two sides .
washington cnn a drunken passenger who tried to light the curtains of a boeing on fire during a transatlantic flight is in custody in vienna , austria , the transportation security administration said thursday .
the most prestigious and oldest university in the united kingdom currently has two degrees focused on korea
stocks slipped monday afternoon as investors welcomed the white house s pledge to aid subprime mortgage holders , but continued to worry about how the housing and credit market crisis will hurt the economy in the long run .
after the kobe earthquake , for example , hundreds of people used the internet to find out about friends and family in the area .
he will also meet with u . n .
might also be a contributing factor .
le trung , , from toronto in canada , says aiko can do the cleaning , mix his favorite drink and read him newspaper headlines .
the page report reviewed documents seized in a september raid in the sinjar area close to the syrian border .
it s a very great and hopeful sign .
roh says prosecutors need civilian control .
this is one of the most extreme measures taken yet in hopes of guaranteeing the honesty of high ranking officers . it comes as mexico seeks more u . s . aid in its crackdown on drug gangs .
investors relieved now that citigroup and bank of america have taken significant steps to improve their balance sheets .
bush s meetings in guatemala city with president oscar berger , a conservative leader who has become a strong u . s . ally , were dominated by trade and the difficult issue of immigration policy .
if we can imagine it , there s a good chance it can be programmed , wrote vint cerf , the original internet evangelist , on the official google blog .
the tables offer harrah s a new way to track its customers habits and behaviors , adding to its sophisticated costumer rewards program that tracks users gambling habits .
according to the army spokesman , the military operation , which was launched sunday , will continue until peace is completely restored to north waziristan .
the indiana secretary of state s office said turnout was high throughout the day .
millions of chinese made toys have been recalled in recent months .
koreans ate kimchi as far back as the three kingdoms period , prior to the establishment of the unified silla dynasty in a . d .
in paoli , pennsylvania , he accused her of slash and burn politics .
speaking from the white house , bush said the people had chosen a president whose journey represents a triumph of the american story .
it makes the bush administration look very weak at a time in iraq and dealing with iran it needs to look strong , he said .
the turner prize judges said wallinger s exhibit demonstrates art s unique ability to engage with contemporary political issues and managed to communicate an unpalatable political truth .
according to the national election commission nec , foreigners who have lived here for three years or longer since they obtained permanent residency , will be allowed to vote in the local elections on may if they are years or older .
mugabe , in power since independence from britain in , is seeking re election despite accusations he has plunged the southern african state into its worst economic
students of the culinary arts course at israel s devir college have unveiled their most ambitious project kilos of margarine and kilos of poppy seed went into this humongous purim cake .
the effects stretch far beyond tourism .
there was smoke or flames in some cases , and small burns were reported in four cases .
an american classic .
pc computer doctor , a repair shop , picked up the machine , fixed it within hours , and gave a day guarantee .
sen . barack obama has asked top contributors to help his former rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , retire her debt , an obama campaign source said tuesday .
i haven t seen anything to date that suggests this is a government that is going to meet those quartet principles , but we will see when that government is formed , rice said sunday .
the korea times reports south korea is aiming to wrap up talks with the united states on the relocation of the yongsan garrison in central seoul by as early as next month , according to a top foreign ministry official .
president george w . bush said his surge strategy of sending , additional troops was working .
in december , tabloids published pictures of winehouse with a mystery white powder in her nose .
they squirrel money into the mattress , so to speak , put it in the bank .
specifically , it can be used in maintaining speed of reactions and visual and auditory vigilance , which in military operations could be a life or death situation , according to the report .
five korean workers and a local employee were abducted by gunmen in the niger delta of southern nigeria , the foreign ministry said yesterday .
eleven of the people who were sickened were doctors
new jersey s system is indifferent to your identity , says commissioner of transportation frank j . wilson .
it declined to provide further details , citing the sensitivity of the case .
the institute s forecast is the second such pessimistic outlook in two months .
the th century fox family flick alvin and the chipmunks , starring jason lee in a big screen take on the cartoon critters , opened a strong no . with million .
the blasts also came a day after a suicide bomber struck a meeting of sunni leaders who are allies of the u . s . and iraqi security forces , killing five , the interior ministry said .
the china daily newspaper reported on its web site that the woman , identified only by her surname chen , pretended to be a year old girl who became pregnant after being raped by her stepfather .
new york a former fashion writer who sexually tortured a co worker after dressing as a firefighter and bluffing his way into her apartment was sentenced monday to years to life in prison .
new jobless claims rose more than expected last week , to , .
british troops are deployed in the mainly shi ite south .
they also suggest that six out of americans think the war in iraq is not worth the cost . as such , this was a speech from a president in deep trouble , according to the bbc s justin webb in washington .
tsuo points to germany as the biggest potential market , followed by japan and california in the united states .
he was convicted of war crimes three years later for his role in the massacre of civilians at the ardeatine caves on the outskirts of rome .
police in sydney have seized weapons including swords , iron bars and petrol bombs in a major operation to prevent a repeat of last week s racial violence .
but i always had this tug in the back of my head , the things i wanted to do , to raise children , have children . i m enjoying it very much .
at that time , kristen told lewis client had left and she had collected , .
lawyers for al khalifa say the money was intended as an advance on a joint recording project .
and i think there s a lot of aliens out there .
in the south , militants were planting mines on the main highway between panjwayi and kandahar city on wednesday night when one of the charges exploded , killing two and wounding another , said panjwayi district chief niaz mohammad serhadi . the wounded one was arrested , he added .
many in the u . s . tech industry worry that not enough students are pursuing careers in engineering , math , and science .
on saturday , musharraf imposed an emergency order in the country suspending the constitution and arresting hundreds of human rights activists and lawyers in what he said was a necessary move to fight terrorism .
one star , called s , orbited the center of the milky way so quickly that it completed one full revolution within the duration of the study .
in central baghdad s karrada district , a minibus packed with explosives blew up on a commercial road , killing people and wounding others , a baghdad police official said .
after defeating an alberta designed program several years ago , laak was so impressed that he estimated his edge at a mere percent .
the marines , whose members serve seven months deployed , are unaffected by wednesday s order , said gen . peter pace , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .
a bit like his compatriot mike leigh , meadows develops his films through a long rehearsal process and improvisation , but this is england is more raw and rough edged than anything leigh has produced in a while .
u . s . president george w . bush has demanded that iran immediately and unconditionally release them , and has denied that they were spying for the united states .
the palestinian delegate was unable to leave the palestinian territories , and representatives from britain and australia landed in jakarta on friday but were refused permission to enter the country .
canberra , australia cnn plans to slaughter kangaroos living on an abandoned military site near the capital of australia have been put on hold due to public opposition , the defense department said monday .
the three include a prominent comedian , zagana , who played a high profile role in the pro democracy demonstrations .
the anti retroviral drugs are needed by patients who develop resistance to first line treatment and currently cost times as much as first line therapy , clinton said .
dharamsala , india cnn tibet s spiritual leader thursday said he was powerless to stop anti chinese violence as authorities in beijing acknowledged for the first time that unrest had spread into neighboring chinese provinces .
barack was , wright says in a video of the sermon posted on youtube . barack knows what it means to be a black man living in a country and a culture that is controlled by rich white people .
the korea times reports yongi kongju in south chungchong province was officially picked as the site for south korea s new administrative capital on wednesday , promptly adding fuel to a simmering debate on the capital relocation project across the nation .
al janabi made her claim on arabic language tv network , al jazeera .
mekong a treasure trove of , newly discovered species
the statement was pyongyang s first official reaction in which he labeled the north , along with iraq and iran , as an axis of evil , seeking weapons of mass destruction , threatening the peace of the world .
seoul also moved closer to approving a controversial north korean plea for millions of dollars in additional aid , including color television sets .
the interview will air on thursday .
appathurai said there are hundreds of military combat videos that show the true extent of taliban engagement and the brutality of their tactics .
fearful of a negative reaction from communist china the south korean government has once again refused an entry visa to the tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
somewhere over southwestern washington , he jumped out the plane s tail exit with two of the chutes .
rather narrated the september report that claimed president bush skirted some of his duties during his national guard service and that a commander felt pressured to sugarcoat bush s record .
president elect barack obama says rebuilding the nation s infrastructure is one way to reverse the economic downturn
many professors have already agreed to participate in the campaign , said kim jeong wook of the graduate school of environmental studies .
blatter , visiting president saburo kawabuchi of the japan football association , said any penalties would be for uncontrolled crowd behavior .
carbon dioxide is produced from burning fossil fuels , including natural gas and coal , which are used widely to produce electricity to heat homes in winter and run air conditioners in summer .
if the president thinks that by vetoing this bill he ll stop us from working to change the direction of the war in iraq , he is mistaken , reid added .
the center for disease control and prevention spokesman tom skinner says the outbreak is likely to grow in the us
the game eclipsed the previous super bowl record of . million , set when dallas defeated pittsburgh in .
the two followed a more general warning at the start of the month .
also thursday , at least four mortar rounds landed inside baghdad s heavily fortified green zone , which houses the u . s . embassy , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
black leaders criticized her for saying martin luther king s dream of equality came true when president lyndon johnson signed the civil rights act in .
justice department officials described it as a vast child exploitation enterprise that included graphic images , such as ones showing toddlers engaged in various sexual and sadistic acts .
the head of the committee that releases reports is a democrat .
more than , fans watched the ageing rockers kick off the uk leg of their latest tour , a bigger bang at the former dome in greenwich , southeast london .
hawking , a mathematics professor at the university of cambridge who has done groundbreaking work on black holes and the origins of the universe , has amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as lou gehrig s disease .
about miners , hired by five different contractors , were working underground at the time of the blast .
they re looking for an american woman who supposedly went overboard from the cruise ship norwegian pearl .
the guard post , outpost ouellette , has been the only area within the dmz patrolled by u . s . troops . the post is only meters from the military demarcation line and a few hundred meters away from panmunjeom in the jsa .
many of the school children were injured from flying glass from broken windows .
women are still excluded from direct combat roles , although women would be among the casualties on today s battlefield .
the vote came a day ahead of olmert s meeting in egypt monday with abbas , president hosni mubarak of egypt and king abdullah ii of jordan .
analysts say the arrests are likely to stoke more racial tension .
investigators said ledger had been due to have a massage at the flat .
however , olmert suggested a slower pace .
with international attention focused on pyongyang s suspected development of nuclear weapons , relatives and human rights activists urge their government to work harder to confirm the fishermen s fates and bring them home .
some japanese nationalist scholars and conservative lawmakers say the figures are inflated
movement , comprised of parties and political groups led by sharif s pakistan muslim league n , met sunday to cobble together a joint stance .
rose could not get his comrade a tourniquet , which could have helped control the bleeding on his wounded leg , and sat along the mangled wreckage and talked with him as he took his last breath .
police and awakening members have been a target for al qaeda in iraq .
hudson also has been nominated four times for grammys .
petracca says , it reeks of a kind of imperial colonialism one can imagine present in shanghai in .
. amusement park attendants
it means the financial crisis is not only weakening the economies of the united states and the european union , but also weighing on china s economy .
clarksville , tennessee cnn a business owner shot and killed himself during a city council meeting thursday night after members voted against his request to rezone his property , witnesses said .
the protesters say prem was behind of bloodless coup which removed former prime minister thaksin shinawatra .
final decisions will be made in april .
so far , the virus has sickened , children on the chinese mainland , authorities said . all people who died have been children .
the faa sees suborbital flights becoming a million business , with , passengers a year , by benson s boast , then , may be on the conservative side .
the u . s . move led macau authorities to freeze about million in north korean assets .
two other spaniards were injured in the incident near israel s border .
in gaza city , nearly , people demonstrated , mostly students from the islamic university , carrying hamas banners as a gesture of support for the main palestinian islamic movement , and iraqi flags .
forget the new ways to make more money .
perry , , said the top bidder in the auction , ending thursday , will get more than items including snowshoes , a futon , a bed , a village people album , seashells and more .
the first and only summit between the two koreas was held in between then south korean president kim dae jung and north korean leader kim jong il in pyongyang .
workplace technology has changed dramatically in recent years and the offices we work in are finally set to catch up .
whenever funny things happen during the day , insoo and friends shoot video with their phones and send the clip to portal sites , hoping their clips will be featured on the portals homepages .
one person was eventually detained and three people fled , one of whom was wounded , the ministry said .
the u . s . state department said it regretted britain was given wrong information and called it an administrative error .
one sunni party has said it will vote for the draft if mps elected in the december elections can review it .
the chat , retrieved from a computer hard disk , was among new evidence prosecutors used to justify re arresting the three in november , hans mos said .
the us military has said armed militants died in that attack .
twenge and her colleagues , in findings to be presented at a workshop tuesday in san diego on the generation gap , examined the responses of , college students nationwide who completed an evaluation called the narcissistic personality inventory between and .
because tasmanian devils are genetically similar , their bodies do not recognize the tumors as foreign cells and do not produce an effective immune response .
cnn authorities have restored order in a county in southern china after demonstrators burned a police station and government building , state run news agencies reported .
officials said sunday they have arrested and charged two individuals in connection with the fires that have razed dozens of villages and killed at least people , fire brigade officer nikos tsogas said sunday .
he would not confirm this would mean an overall reduction in the number of troops on the ground in iraq , saying this would depend on the assessment of commanders on the ground over the coming weeks and months .
leaving denver s union station at a . m . and begins the return leg nine hours later .
last thursday s attack happened hours after her arrival in the southern port city of karachi .
tokyo was known as edo until , but it s hard to imagine that this high rise , high tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete .
they said soldiers had also been killed .
byeon is supposedly a devout buddhist . the power struggle between increasingly aggressive prosecutors and judges prompted by a local court s decision to strike down a warrant request to detain shamed art professor shin jeong ah , continued yesterday as the nation s top prosecutor demanded the right to challenge warrant rejections .
during the show , she will hear interviews with the three candidates , their families and friends before choosing who will get her kidney .
italian prime minister romano prodi on wednesday offered his resignation to president giorgio napolitano .
the count indictment , unsealed on tuesday in manhattan federal court , follows similar charges filed in september , in a case that prompted democratic presidential hopeful hillary clinton to return , in campaign contributions .
they re criticizing attempts by republicans in congress to prevent the epa from imposing new standards .
a group suicide through the internet was commited again .
jerry yang , the company s co founder who took the ceo job in a june management shakeup , promised a new strategic plan as he sought to convince investors he is open to change and able to take on rapidly growing rival google .
paik hak soon , a political observer at the sejong institute research center , said the mainstream press still has the ear of the majority of the public . but things are changing .
the malaysian government has said it hopes to obtain a full time pair of northern irish sniffer dogs trained to seek out counterfeit dvds and cds .
philip alston , u . n . special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings , said soldiers were responsible for a significant number of extrajudicial killings .
shriver is the niece of massachusetts sen . edward kennedy and president kennedy .
companies hiring prison labor also save on health insurance , retirement and other benefits .
a mom s chronic illness diabetics , for instance , often have very large babies .
the sometimes fierce battles mark the worst internal violence since the end of lebanon s civil war in .
lilongwe , malawi cnn madonna will not know until next week whether a malawian boy she found in an orphanage in will become a permanent member of her family , her lawyer said thursday .
the web site also carries a video of a man suspected to be bulger , who goes by the nickname whitey , walking around with a younger woman .
roma goalkeeper alexander doni pulled off good saves from deco and frank lampard before panucci put the home side ahead in the rd minute .
spencer brodsky , , learned about the violence and decided to raise money to purchase fuel efficient stoves to send to darfur .
the national transportation safety board will assist the thai government in the investigation , according to a statement on the ntsb s web site .
kercher s body was found in the apartment she shared with knox , and police said she died fighting off a sexual attack .
school children wore red scarves and walked as if marching .
he said the government will focus on seeking ways of helping society accept foreigners as its members so that they can contribute fully to society .
now , my teeth seem to need a little color correction of their own
but before you start tearing your hair out about the competition or the tour process , remember that the majority of schools still accept most of those who apply .
the headphones contain magnets that could potentially cause interference if placed directly on the chest above the heart device , according to a report presented this week at the american heart association meeting in new orleans , louisiana .
the white house said it strongly condemned ghanem s killing , immediately labeling it as a politically motivated assassination .
meanwhile , international nuclear monitor mohammed el baradei ended a brief visit to the north without meeting kim gye gwan , the chief negotiator for the six party talks .
applicants who receive an authorization pending response will need to check the web site for updates .
this kind of insinuation
marabe said she saw the live burials with her own eyes during a five month trip to png s remote southern highlands .
we originally expected the u . s . would give the nod in september , two months after we applied for the approval in late july , but it did not , kt vice president kim byoung ju said .
abe did not explain further .
a government official said the schedule had been advanced because seoul did not want the war of nerves between korea and japan to be prolonged .
minutes later , wambach knocked heads with a team mate in a scramble around goal and exited the field with blood pouring from her face , leaving the americans with players .
though gore led george w . bush in the popular vote , florida s electoral votes ultimately decided the race for bush .
the cuts , representing nearly a quarter of its north american workforce , come as ford faces tough competition from asian rivals such as toyota and nissan .
by at least one measure , country fans aren t pleased .
this year s survey finds an increasing number of the world s richest coming from emerging markets , including china , india and russia .
this means a product sold at in the u . s . is priced at in south korea .
actual sale of the gold cannot start immediately because the u . s . member on the imf board cannot vote for it until congress approves .
a tibetan woman covered herself with red paint and lay on the ground , forcing torchbearers to weave around her as other protesters shouted flame of shame .
and , on the second night of trapping in august on moss covered , chilly mt . rore katimbo , her group caught the first small nocturnal creature in a mist net .
what happens during the few years ahead will largely decide whether this peak in the global population will be . billion or . billion , nearly twice the number of people on the planet now .
a fire last night destroyed row homes , and may be connected to the other arsons in the town .
standing at the speaker s podium , hariri s son , saad , and sister , bahiya , prayed .
wo russian deep sea submersibles made a test dive in polar waters on sunday ahead of a mission to be the first to reach the seabed under the north pole , itar tass news agency said .
the longer the hair , the more it is worth .
marine and an iraqi soldier were killed before a tank silenced fighters holed up in the shattered city .
bush and u . s . lawmakers on wednesday will present the dalai lama , who has lived with followers in exile in india since they fled chinese soldiers in tibet in , with the prestigious congressional honor .
daegu will be the third asian city to host the biennial championships after japan s tokyo in and osaka this year .
bhumibol is a constitutional king with no formal political role , but has repeatedly brought calm in times of turbulence and is considered the country s moral authority .
if that happens , then there s not going to be a deal that will last .
he s gone from the fox show , but he says he s always looking for employment .
and there is no problem in u . s . forces korea support , which will not be reduced at all .
she said her decision to run for a senate seat from new york provided a healing bridge for them .
when she opens her mouth , nothing comes out , chen says .
this is an exciting finding , because age at sexual maturity is related to so many things , the students adviser , said kevin padian , a professor of integrative biology and a curator in uc berkeley s museum of paleontology .
sarkozy s conservatives have a strong advantage heading into the decisive runoff next sunday , on track to expand their absolute majority in the seat parliament .
everything from the hunger strikes , and everything from the president and secretary of state hillary clinton all speaking out on her behalf all helped , i m sure , and , i mean , this is really good news and i m anxious for her to get home .
the unrest stemmed from the june death of li shu fan , , hong kong cable tv reported .
and president barack obama says the very existence of the prison serves as a recruiting tool for the al queda network
president bush had a relaxed and friendly meeting with president elect barack obama after he and first lady laura bush welcomed their successors to their future home monday , a white house spokesman said .
the only disappointment for ronaldo in an outstanding year was portugal s below par showing at the euro , after which he underwent an operation on a nagging right ankle injury .
oh jong soo was found dead on may with his chin wounded by a gunshot at a barber shop inside the camp of the zaytun unit in the northern iraqi city of irbil .
graham died at p . m . at her home at little piney cove , surrounded by her husband and all five of their children , according to a statement released by larry ross , billy graham s spokesman .
obama doesn t have the numbers today , and until someone has the numbers the race goes on , mcauliffe told cnn .
but the lebanese broadcasting corporation quoting the amal movement said a sniper fatally shot the protester while he was trying to help the army resolve the violent protests .
the project s goal is to analyze the chemical and mineral composition of the lunar surface .
there were crowds gathered approximately meters away but they were not coming closer to help out . and it just looked like the bodies had been left there for people to witness , for people to see what they were capable of .
south korea and the united states have agreed to transfer wartime operational control sometime between and , reaching a compromise in their differences on a target year for the opcon transition from the united states to south korea .
the babies arrived a day after both their parents were named as winners of latin music s premio lo nuestro awards .
the ap s carson walker , in fargo , north dakota .
the agency said the two sides agreed to resume six party talks involving north korea , south korea , the us , russia , japan and china , in july .
lekima was upgraded from a tropical storm to a typhoon as it approached the coast wednesday afternoon .
the judge ruled that libby could not remain free on bail while his lawyer appealed against the sentence .
we must move away from a system that is fragmented and pays for expensive procedures , toward one where a family has a medical home , providers coordinate their efforts and take advantage of technology to do so cheaply , and where the focus is on affordable quality outcomes , mccain said during a speech at the miami children s hospital in miami , florida . watch mccain call for families to make decisions raquo
the year old reagan will remain overnight for observation at a hospital in santa monica , california , said joanne drake , chief of staff for the reagan foundation .
she became queen on the death of her father george vi in .
we re safer but we re not safe , mcconnell said on abc s good morning america .
christopher hill , assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs , told a news conference in washington on tuesday that he had no concrete plans to visit pyongyang but there will be preparatory discussions among the countries working to end the north korean nuclear standoff .
in a bad day for the astana team , his super domestique andreas kloeden injured his coccyx in a separate incident .
it s an intelligent initiative which helps give a positive image to sport and especially to soccer , italian olympic committee president gianni petrucci said at a presentation of the event tuesday .
you can feel intense elation when you re in love .
we changed a number of things in the configuration of the spacecraft , he said during a teleconference with reporters . so , this is not entirely unexpected . we expect that we will work through it , and be back up and doing science .
the proposal was made at the start of six party talks in beijing .
he says they re not playing mad scientist and insists this actually has a unique medical purpose .
the film s boisterous fun kicks off from its recognition that the blues already was rock n roll
the hardline iranian leader s comments also highlighted the growing challenge that saudi arabia , the world s largest oil producer , faces from iran and its ally venezuela within the organization of petroleum exporting countries opec .
she ultimately decided she still loved her husband , although as a wife , i wanted to wring bill s neck .
after failing to make a deal with samsung , he provided the tape to a reporter at mbc tv , a local broadcaster , which aired the content last week .
she was arrested by police sunday after she flew in to britain on a flight from via atlanta , georgia .
that the chalice is in london at all , however , is quite a feat .
anytime you have a glacier exiting into a lake or body of water , there is the prospect that it will calve , said roman motyka , an associate professor of geology and geophysics at the university of alaska in fairbanks .
yes , these are the world s ugliest buildings .
the report said the august olympics was a catalyst for a continued crackdown on human rights defenders , including prominent rights defense lawyers and those attempting to report on human rights violations .
myspace has reached an agreement with more than states to change to help prevent sexual predators and others from misusing it , state officials said monday .
briton tim henman announced has that he intends to retire from tennis after the davis cup world group playoff against croatia next month .
it was a superb strike from meters by scholes after he was given the ball in a dangerous area and the united player s first in europe this season .
they are , however , facing sleep disorders , heart disease , depression and family discord , according to doctors and several industry surveys .
he said arab countries are hosting refugees because of their traditional culture of hospitality , but those countries need additional capacity to help refugees over the long term .
in the first series , he found that about two thirds of subjects were willing to inflict what they believed were increasingly painful shocks on an innocent person when the experimenter told them to do so , even when the victim screamed and pleaded .
the pumps can be used to remove nuclear isotopes from uranium , which can be used to make nuclear weapons .
bell had a year old girl in the car with her whose identity wasn t released . the child was not injured and was taken by child protective services .
on april , he was arrested on charges of embezzling about billion won in company funds and causing some billion won in damage to the carmaker through breach of trust .
bollea , who was wearing a seat belt , was not seriously injured .
buenos aires , argentina cnn argentinians planning to travel to the northern part of the country , brazil and paraguay were lining up for vaccinations tuesday , because of a yellow fever breakout that has killed at least people in the region .
mccain , obama on blitz through battleground states on final day
soldiers and police fired into crowds of demonstrators in rangoon and gave them minutes to clear the streets or face the consequences , the reuters news agency reported .
when a presidential race has a non incumbent in the lead , like this year , the poll numbers tend to tighten as election day gets closer , cnn senior researcher alan silverleib said .
a chairman s statement urged a prompt implementation of the six party agreement to resolve the communist country s nuclear programs , according to seoul and tokyo officials .
rocco , , and david , , adopted from malawi in .
yangon , myanmar cnn guards at myanmar s detention centers beat , kicked and slashed protesters rounded up during the crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations , sometimes leaving their victims to die of their injuries , a dissident group said thursday .
joseph cosumano , head of the missile defense command .
prime minister gordon brown s government has announced plans to cut forces to about , by the end of december .
the ministry of defense has no other interest or role regarding ufo matters and does not consider questions regarding the existence or otherwise of extraterrestrial life forms , it said wednesday .
the black vote will be crucial in the south carolina primary on january .
i guess it s no different than adding running water , or an hvac system in the church , right ?
the florida decision , which follows the pro clinton results of that state s primary , was greeted by virtually all sides as an acceptable compromise on a thorny issue .
one in a small community just east of carthage in jasper county , missouri one in an area of purdy in barry county , missouri .
the fuel fabrication facility , the reactor and the reprocessing center , u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill said .
it s the tabloids and a certain party , but it is so extreme and so abusive . . . i mean , i ve been called monster , whore , gold digger , fantasist , liar .
hgh human growth hormone is nothing , the year old actor tells time magazine in its february issue .
her party and the pakistani government dispute the cause of her death .
he father cried , and the son soothed him .
for the republican hopefuls , delegates are at stake in the winner takes all primary .
protest against the impeachment of roh is spreading nationwide .
but its author , anna nicole smith , has no hold in death on the remnants of her life .
high maternal , infant and under five mortality often indicates lack of access to basic services such as clean water and sanitation , immunizations and proper nutrition , she said in a statement .
among the exceptions would be trademarked domains , such as . cnn or
when you hear about serena and venus williams overpowering opponents , as happened sunday at the u . s . open to two recent grand slam finalists , it s easy to forget that the sisters are , indeed , individuals .
the white house declined to say whether the cia currently has a detention and interrogation program , but said that if it did it must adhere to the guidelines outlined in the executive order .
the ap s sophia manos explains
in an interview monday with a japanese sports daily , a north korean official said that pyongyang would accept a ruling by the world s governing soccer body to play its world cup qualifying match against japan in bangkok on june behind closed doors .
he has been considered a big prospect since turning pro in , and has attracted the attention of players such as tiger woods and ryder cup captain paul azinger .
the eu moving to file a complaint is nonsense , since nothing has been legislated as yet .
renamed petrograd in and leningrad a decade later , saint petersburg got its old name back as the soviet union collapsed in .
after surgery and a year of wrenching treatment with the drug interferon , reagan was optimistic .
korea s central bank and state run think tank have called on the government to spur reforms in small and mid sized companies .
messrs mulligan and sala i martin calculated their index for the united states , where statistics are available in abundance .
we have emergencies in of a national total of departments and municipalities , said walter cote , director of socorro nacional for the colombian red cross .
the m time was the second quickest ever seen , . shy of michael johnson s record .
later , in northwestern baghdad , a suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest on a small bus , killing six people and wounding , baghdad police said .
half performance with a trademark free kick on the stroke of the interval which left home goalkeeper craig gordon with no chance . ronaldo departed to warm applause from both sets of supporters just before the hour mark as korean park ji sung was handed his first taste of first team action since undergoing knee surgery in march .
chief executive marcel rohner said he would take over as investment banking chief , replacing huw jenkins , who will step down to become an adviser .
the tour de france starts on july .
a side which was a world cup semi finalist in , and unlucky not to make the second round at the finals in germany .
but she gathered herself together enough to catch the diamond and pearl studded headpiece valued at , as it slipped off her head when miss universe zuleyka rivera of puerto rico crowned her .
russian space officials referred to yi as a space flight participant , a title reflecting her status as a commercial space traveler .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in october , the u . s . announced rewards ranging from , to , for al libi and other mid level taliban and al qaeda leaders .
rumsfeld promised more would be done to protect forces .
new york s other major airport , laguardia , also ranked near the bottom in both categories .
another basra airstrike killed criminal fighters , and a joint u . s . iraqi patrol killed more fighters in southeastern baghdad s suwayrah district , u . s . commanders reported .
two french aid workers and three afghans kidnapped by taliban insurgents in afghanistan appeared in a video broadcast saturday by the pan arab satellite channel al arabiya .
chuckles oh it s gonna bring , i don t see how much more juicy he can get , but it s gonna juice him up a lot .
since february s hike the boj has said it will continue to gradually raise rates , keeping pace with improvements in the economy and prices .
eight iranians are wanted in argentina in connection with the bombing , including the president , foreign minister and intelligence chief at the time .
meanwhile , in gaza , people gathered around fruit stands , men sat in chairs chatting on the streets , and black clad hamas forces patrolled some neighborhoods as the cease fire took effect at a . m . p . m . wednesday et .
all stories are fact checked and edited by professional reporters before being pasted onto the internet , he said .
they said these included chinese made air to surface missiles , anti aircraft guns , landmines , rocket propelled grenades and components for roadside bombs .
the author , whose steamy sex novels set among black professionals have propelled her onto the new york times list of best sellers , says if she could do it over , she d have chosen a less provocative pseudonym .
rescue workers are using boats to help remove people from the water , bringing them up on the river bank .
japan launched its first pair of spy satellites into orbit in march .
international peacekeeping forces will be here for years .
in a letter to employees , daimler chairman and former chrysler chief dieter zetsche said the company made the right decision .
one that would let california and other states set their own tailpipe standards .
the agreement was made when roh received a telephone call from the new japanese premier in the morning .
we ve already asked historians at several research organizations , including the northeast history foundation , to study the chinese publications , he said at a weekly press briefing in seoul .
batman , which has a population of just under , , is the provincial capital of the oil rich batman province and lies close to the batman river .
washington ap a key element of the second major report on climate change being released friday in belgium is a chart that maps out the effects of global warming , most of them bad , with every degree of temperature rise .
following last week s unprecedented raid on the national intelligence service nis headquarters in seoul by the prosecution , prosecutors will call in former spy agency chief chun yong taek for questioning on tuesday .
robert redford s sundance asked several directors to create short films they thought people would want to watch on their mobile . and , just as importantly , want to share with the friends .
britain s home office rejected his request , prompting kazemi to flee to netherlands .
as an example , twenge cited a song commonly sung to the tune of frere jacques in preschool
images of what appear to be the missing soldiers personal effects including visa and mastercard credit cards , a cross , u . s . bills and iraqi currency are shown at the end of the video .
domino s pizza challenges youtubers to hunt down the saab convertible they can buy on ebay for . .
they would be briefed on any potential dangers when they drew closer to the northern indian ocean , he added .
in his blog , grylls said the aim of his expedition in antarctica is to promote alternative energies and their potential .
mike don , lear , death of a salesman , i ve done all sorts but , particularly during the days of hill street blues , i ll be known as sarge , haha , which is alright .
north korea and cuba are the only countries subject to those sanctions under that act , which bans all bilateral trade with the united states .
i feel by being a neutralist in this area , in my actual field of endeavor i can be more effective .
in the united arab emirates port of fujairah , the world s third largest shipping fuel center , all refueling and ship to ship supply operations had been stopped , delaying the movement of tankers , officials said .
the government , which has faced down months of demonstrations calling for its resignation , declared wednesday a national holiday , closing schools , universities , banks and public institutions in a move that would allow for a big turnout .
hundreds of chavez supporters , many wearing red headbands and waving red flags symbolizing chavez s leftist rule , awaited the opposition demonstrators at the tomb , ready to battle them in the streets as they have in recent days .
bhutto s son and political heir flew to pakistan on wednesday to help resolve the matter . the elevation of the year old mirza , who bears a striking resemblance to bhutto , was a formality
and that s how this happened .
press secretary dana perino says the shrinkage is not unexpected , and in part reflects special factors like hurricanes and the boeing strike .
ltd . , a computer services unit of korea s no . steelmaker posco co . , systemically schemed to hand over key wibro technical data to a u . s . telecom firm , the seoul central prosecutors office claimed .
the three funds led by icahn sold a . percent stake , or million shares , in kt g for billion won , or , won apiece , according to citiglobal market securities , the lead manager of the share sale .
clinton and obama have scheduled a joint campaign appearance friday in unity , new hampshire .
the former hairdresser who married year old renne senna after he hit the jackpot was greeted by jeers as she arrived tuesday at the lockup .
he said that a motorcycle , carrying two people , passed him at the same time as the german car .
we re already some weeks behind , hill said , referring to the north korean commitment to make a full declaration of its program by december .
obama also took some heat in pennsylvania last month for referring to a factory worker as sweetie .
the perception that fallon has opposed a drive toward military action against iran from within the bush administration dates to his confirmation hearings in january , when he told the senate the united states needed to exhaust all diplomatic options in its disputes with the islamic republic .
the buckweed fire , which destroyed homes on its rampage , began october in the agua dulce community .
the dow now down by about points .
that is down a . from last christmas .
the president is too busy holding hands with the saudis to care about american truck drivers who can t afford to fill up their tank any longer , she said .
banks have long since given up bankers hours .
the world peace forum , a south korea based private research organization , yesterday announced its world peace index for this year .
stocks up this morning more than points on the dow , despite another down night on asian and european markets , and despite some economists taking a look at unemployment , foreclosures , and economic shrinkage , and daring to use the word depression .
but if no signs of life are evident , the mine will be shut down and turned into a tomb for the missing workers , he said .
are included after recovering from injuries , but there is no place for manchester united s highly rated young goalkeeper ben foster .
there s no doubt about some others attending tomorrow s big event
for a set and a half , roddick looked headed for one of his best wins on his weakest surface but the russian broke back in the seventh game of the second set and again in the ninth on his way to levelling the match .
three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why .
press secretary dana perino says bush talked with monmohan singh on the phone from camp david where s he s spending his last thanksgiving as commander in chief .
khieu samphan s defense team will include french lawyer jacques verges and a veteran cambodian legal expert , the tribunal s defense support section said .
twenty nine bombings and other attacks rocked the country s four southernmost provinces sunday night , leaving seven people dead and injured .
that s where my dream career was going to be when i was years old , like the young cosette in les miserables .
whitticase said his group was now asking other high profile leaders to follow the prince s principled example .
why is this happening ?
researchers report in friday s edition of the journal science , however , that mammoth hair seems to be an excellent source of well preserved dna .
on wednesday , the pants were still at the intersection , so curzan took them to the police , who contacted stahnke to claim his belongings .
chief prosecutor munqith al faroon had requested that taher tawfiq al ani be acquitted because of lack of evidence .
everything will be a normal day tomorrow , he said .
anne darwin was tracked down by reporters to her new central american home in panama city where she moved six weeks ago .
the party captured the second most number of votes in the feb . parliamentary elections .
the turkish soldiers went missing on october after their unit was ambushed by pkk rebels in southeastern turkey .
the police officer who fired the fatal shot has been charged with manslaughter with intent and suspended from duty , police said , adding that a second police officer was arrested saturday on criminal accessory charges .
you should wear loose clothes and good shoes .
tilly was diagnosed with severe anemia , which could have been caused by any one of numerous toxic items found in the refrigerators , cupboards and medicine cabinets of most homes .
both are on the agenda right now , as the president and the new prime minister of israel sit down at the white house .
a ribbon across it read in memory of the glorious dead .
ap correspondent bryant thomas joins me live with the latest
maj . william mitchell , a u . s . military spokesman , told ap that militants fired guns at the soldiers from three different points , meaning afghan civilians could have been killed or wounded by militants . we certainly believe it s possible that the incoming fire from the ambush was wholly or partly responsible for the civilian casualties , he said .
spears recently completed a stint in rehab .
gazprom said ukraine was to blame for shutting the pipelines to europe .
now we can add dementia to that , said study author rachel whitmer of the kaiser permanente division of research in oakland , california .
at gmt , the center of the typhoon was kilometers miles southwest of the eastern coast of hualien county , with sustained winds of km miles per hour and gusts up to km miles per hour .
dutt s lawyers had urged that the actor , who found fame playing gangsters and anti heroes , be set free for his good behaviour during his bail .
should obama become the president , he could carve out a place for clinton in his cabinet .
bush , like millions of others , has already cast his ballot by absentee .
foreign investors and the media have expressed worries that the drawn out probe by korean prosecutors into lone star has the risk of dampening the country s efforts to attract foreign investors , who have been choosing more economically viable competitors such as india and china .
the u . n . said the world food program was getting in only percent of the food needed because of logistical problems and government restrictions , the associated press reported tuesday .
julie zawisza , an fda spokeswoman , said tuesday that color additives undergo safety reviews prior to approval for marketing and that samples of each artificial coloring are tested .
hydrazine is similar to chlorine or ammonia in that it affects the lungs and breathing tissue , the general said .
the economy is a top issue on the campaign trail .
britain s prince harry will not serve in iraq as a troop commander because of a number of specific threats against him , the uk s top general says .
now they estimate that roughly remain , mainly in parts of northern vietnam near the chinese border .
just watch my vocal cords , she said he told doctors before they inserted a breathing tube .
on tuesday , merkel will address the knesset , becoming the first foreign head of government to speak to israel s parliament .
police in indonesia say they have arrested the alleged military leader of jemaah islamiah , the extremist group blamed for the bali bombings .
o clee warned that in its present form the proposal does little to address the rights of donor conceived children .
former president carter met with senior hamas officials in the egyptian capital thursday , rankling the israeli and u . s . governments , which say it runs counter to their policies of not negotiating with terrorists .
they re antioxidants , which prevent cell damage and are believed by some to slow down diseases of aging .
two won , over the rays in tampa .
in the study , the participants took milligrams of the drug rosuvastatin
houston , texas astronauts will try to fix a thermal blanket that peeled back during atlantis launch , extending the space shuttle s mission from to days , nasa managers said monday .
in an article posted on its web site wednesday night , the new york times said the monday interview was tape recorded and on the record .
pearl was abducted by islamic militants while researching a story in pakistan in and later beheaded . watch a preview of a mighty heart
saying it is one thing and doing it is another , said dorian traube , a professor of social work at university of southern california .
police said they responded only after the workers attacked them .
dad called the cops after his year old son , who s a suburban cleveland school board member , threw a plate of food across the kitchen table and made a fist at dad when he was told to clean up his room .
minister of commerce , industry and energy chung sye kyun , who holds an assembly seat , told reporters that he would return to the party as soon as the assembly approves next year s budget proposal .
nasa is heading back to the heavy metal planet mercury for the first time in years .
pakistan election officials on monday disqualified opposition party leader and former former prime minister nawaz sharif from participating in january parliamentary elections .
larry sabato , a professor of politics at the university of virginia , said the obama campaign was probably behind the remarks . those things don t just happen , he said .
the protest vote gave the opposition alliance a third of parliament and control of five states , according to the associated press .
the year old daughter of prince andrew , duke of york , and sarah ferguson , was apprehended for her involvement in end of term high jinks at the exclusive marlborough college , west of london , the uk press association said .
the decision affects about , households facing foreclosure .
she had become engaged to leopold i of austria , who later became holy roman emperor .
the national assembly and other constitutional institutions , which have been at the center of disagreements , have been excluded from the initial plan , along with the supreme public prosecutor s office .
he wrote about the value of life and somehow acquired an almost supernatural ability to appreciate small pleasures such as a sunny day and the presence of a loving family .
pollution absorbing nanoparticles that can be used to clean up tainted water or soil is another concept under study , roco said .
one finger doesn t do much , but five fingers make a fist that can punch , he said .
in a report to the national assembly , the ministry unveiled a draft five year roadmap to take back wartime operational control from the u . s . military .
stanford psychologist brian knutson , a lead author of the study , says it s all about the power of emotion and arousal and our financial decisions .
while churches are sightseeing attractions inundated with tourists and their flashing cameras at midday , early in the morning they are more clearly places of worship .
stolen paintings by pablo picasso and candido portinari returned home to applause wednesday , while police tried to find out who masterminded the robbery at a brazil museum .
the taliban last month abducted two french aid workers and three afghans working for terre d enfance , an agency helping children in southwestern afghanistan . a french woman named celine was released late last month in what the taliban said was a humanitarian gesture .
be realistic , but optimistic
many of the wounded were taken to mayo hospital in lahore , said medical superintendent fayyaz ahmad ranjha .
it said information was cut from the forthcoming report after requests from two chinese government departments .
she married harry helmsley in .
in a statement brand said he took complete responsibility for the incident .
roxana saberi s father says she stopped eating tuesday , and will stay on the strike until she s freed .
a mother , grandmother and child were found in the house shortly after the crash .
she is likely to be embalmed there as early as friday .
few cars can match the fripperies in the , mercedes .
other media companies , including ge owned nbc universal , cbs , and universal music group , have decided to partner with youtube , the world s most popular online video site .
somewhere down the road , quantifiable targets on emissions reductions would be discussed , he said , adding that launching the process is very important .
asked about the possibility of roh visiting washington , d . c . for talks with bush in late september , the spokesman said the date and venue have yet to be confirmed .
mogadishu , somalia cnn somalian prime minister ali mohamed gedi survived a suicide vehicle bomb blast that heavily damaged his home sunday , his spokesman said .
tidbit had lived at the aquarium for most of her years , swimming with other sharks in a , gallon tank .
the amber lighting and the chic log cabin feel
so those are the invisible homeless people that we really don t see , and that s one of the things that we really need to be focusing on .
light , sweet crude for january delivery added cents to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midday in singapore .
roizen points to the experience of ronald reagan .
a walk of several days .
german police are holding another suspect , rudy hermann guede , , who was arrested tuesday near mainz and is awaiting extradition to italy .
such pictures have not been shown in britain before but last year italian magazine chi published photographs of diana dying , provoking a rare highly critical statement from her sons .
by contrast in less developed regions , the population is projected to rise steadily from . billion in to . billion in , according to the forecast .
the prosecutor of the international criminal court says he has documented evidence of thousands of killings of civilians in sudan s darfur region .
las vegas , nevada cnn wedding bells might not be far off for pamela anderson .
the violence came as iraqi pm nouri maliki held security talks in iran .
when it pledged on oct . to conduct a nuclear test , the north s state run korean central news agency said that our nuclear weapon thoroughly aims to confront the threat of invasion by the united states .
over the weekend , a u . n . committee decided to call on nations to ban all forms of human cloning incompatible with respecting human dignity and protecting human life under apparent pressure from the bush administration .
obama followed his years as a community organizer and lawyer with a successful bid for the illinois state senate .
song would be the first chief of naval operations to become jcs chief in the history of korean military .
sasha and malia , obama said in his victory speech at chicago s grant park , i love you both so much , and you have earned the new puppy that s coming with us to the white house .
the columbia is lost , said president george w . bush , after telephoning the families of the astronauts to console them .
mr kim has said in the past tha t he was loaded into a boat with agents whose plan was to throw him overboard .
it s only a democracy of the few , al mubarak said .
china has suspended the supply of live poultry and pet birds to hong kong , after a man died of bird flu in neighboring guangdong province .
army sources said militants from fatah al islam fired on the forces , who then returned fire .
the move marks a breakthrough in a dispute between north korea and the us .
when taken to the police station , the year old actress registered . and . in blood tests for alcohol levels , the spokeswoman said . in california , the legal limit is . , according to the state s department of motor vehicles .
this is a grave problem in terms of peace and stability not only of japan but also of international society , he said .
it s a big reason people should take the information they find online with a grain of salt , says dr . paul dobransky , a chicago based psychiatrist and author of the secret psychology of how we fall in love .
the leak affected between , and , residents , tarbell said .
the park was closed monday and some of the animals , like endangered condors , are being moved to a safer location , according to zoo spokeswoman yadira galindo .
indonesia s industrial development has been so rapid that , environmental issues have come to the fore on a significant scale throughout industry .
the white house was briefed on the experiment , and dhs officials said they have since been working with the electric industry to devise a way to thwart such an attack .
according to a doctoral paper by chae suh young of sogang university in , percent of university students and office workers he surveyed had taken english names .
treasury secretary timothy geithner s job security takes another hit .
that pushed the total surplus for the first half of the year to . billion , breaking the billion barrier for the first time for a six month period , the agency said .
seoul officials told reporters that they have not been informed of any military operation , adding that no rescue attempt can be taken without its consent .
seven days is a crime suspense film , directed by won shin yeon .
sen . hillary clinton told the senate foreign relations committee on tuesday that she aims to renew america s leadership in a world that has undergone an extraordinary transformation since the end of the cold war and is now facing great peril .
the concert in east pyongyang grand theatre began with the north korean national anthem patriotic song , followed by america s star spangled banner .
peru has alleged fujimori ordered death squad killings and participated in various acts of government corruption .
the comments come a day after the release of critical comments made by the general who led the british army during the iraq invasion .
hume presented his research on the effects of carbon dioxide on eucalyptus leaves to the australian academy of science in canberra .
twelve other parties are running , but the fiercest battle is between gusmao s cnrt and the left leaning fretilin of rival mari alkatiri , once an ally in the movement to end indonesian occupation .
early attempts to measure its contribution to human capital made use of literacy rates .
the ginn tribute shut down in august , and officials at broken arrow in tulsa , oklahoma , announced on tuesday their event , sponsored by semgroup , would not continue .
up to one fifth of the world population affected by increased flood events . . . . to . billion people with increased water scarcity . . . major extinctions around the globe .
that triggered speculation that global investors won t pull out of risky investments funded by borrowing the yen at japan s low interest rates .
immediately afterwards i heard a hooter followed by the sound of braking and then saw a motorbike emerge from the smoke , rassinier said .
groups concerned , said mani stenner , a spokesman for the organizers of a week long program of demonstrations in the port city . we hope that this situation was an exception .
it added , from the outset , details of this allegation have appeared in the media , which they attributed to a police source , and wednesday s report of the interview was another example of such a leak .
there was only one round in the election and a majority was not needed to win .
gibson hopes to sell , of the first limited edition robot guitars worldwide , with percent of those sales expected in japan , said yasuhiko iwanade , president of gibson guitar corp . japan .
in the mine , we picked up two discarded water bottles , and drank our urine . you can only take small sips , and when you ve finished , you just want to cry .
in the words of frost nixon playwright and screenwriter peter morgan he does agree that the sessions had their adversarial moments .
radio stations already pay songwriters for playing their creative content on the air , and now some artists are asking for a piece of the action
rivera was composed while appearing before cameras and judges throughout the competition . but once backstage , she had to strip off her clothes and apply ice bags to her face and body , which swelled and broke out in hives twice .
carnegie mellon said fahlman s smileys spread from its campus to other universities , then businesses and eventually around the world as the internet gained popularity .
john mccain and two other senators are in afghanistan .
he said it s his biggest work ever , in scale and complexity .
after a three month long row over his proposal , roh received a promise of pursuing the change in the next national assembly from the major political parties , including the gnp , which has opposed the change during his term .
police named the parents as formal suspects .
the koreans are two four member families , one two member family , two women and one guide .
seoul , south korea cnn some million of south korea s total million residents regularly use broadband internet .
we learned recently that north koreans at the country s foreign missions and trading companies as well as those guiding foreigners inside the north are not wearing the kim jong il badges , the intelligence official told the joong ang ilbo .
korea will gain access to million metric tons of lng .
heavy fighting erupted monday night around gaza city , the israel defense forces said .
daniel walker howe won for history for what hath god wrought
zubkov , who turns on saturday , is considerably older than most russian political leaders .
the fare is versatile , too
but an act of parental concern turned into a horror as two mothers plunged to their deaths from an aerial rescue ladder as their children watched helplessly on the ground .
they walked through the streets sunday chanting in arabic , no , no to the occupiers yes , yes to islam and iraq will always be independent and free of occupiers , police said .
the pain will hit many of the people who prospered during the high tech boom .
a cloud can wreak havoc on a night of observing booked months in advance and amid the clamoring demands of other astronomers .
shirley smith , washington .
it happened when ohio sen . william saxbe was named president nixon s attorney general in and again when texas sen . lloyd bentsen became president clinton s treasury secretary in .
the korea herald reports the government will put on the market , new apartment units in pangyo simultaneously in november to prevent overheated competition for the units among buyers , shifting from its initial plan to divide the sale into four rounds over the next two years .
however , he claimed that the us was trying to resolve the issue of iran s nuclear ambitions diplomatically .
thirteen israelis , including soldiers , have died in the operation in gaza as well as the rocket strikes on southern israel , according to israeli police and military officials .
yeltsin became the first democratically elected president of russia in and two months later put down a coup attempt against soviet president mikhail gorbachev .
we are honored to welcome her here today to our committee for confirmation as america s next secretary of state .
the members of the cult , which calls itself the true russian orthodox church , say they will ignite gasoline canisters if authorities try to force them out , regional administration spokesman yevgeny guseynov told cnn .
a year old boy with a broken leg was the only person still hospitalized a day after a woman s car sent people and strollers flying , leaving debris and injured bodies strewn in her wake .
i think he s probably on shaky grounds now , at least with the congress and a lot of the american people .
the governor had allegedly been identified arranging to meet a prostitute in a washington hotel .
an album the band recorded in finally goes on sale tuesday , long after a squabble between the group and its former record company shelved the project .
the pirates recent armed attack on our trading ship was a grave terrorist act perpetrated against a peaceful ship , kcna said . we feel grateful to the united states for its assistance given to our crewmen .
maj . gen . tim cross , the most senior british officer involved in the postwar planning , said he had raised serious concerns about the possibility of iraq falling into chaos but said former defense secretary donald rumsfeld dismissed the warnings .
on the way to the heliport i fell off the chair a few times because there were no belts , the national news agency quoted ramos horta as saying .
a new report says average daily circulation dropped another . between last fall and this spring .
its government hasn t announced any commemorations , but is expected to do so with choreographed rallies and defiant , anti american rhetoric .
a circuit court hearing on the probation violation charge is scheduled september in williamson county , a suburb of nashville , tennessee .
the top u . n . envoy to iraq , sergio vieira de mello , and others were killed in an august bombing at u . n . headquarters in baghdad .
the a , the world s biggest passenger plane , was plagued by production delays that repeatedly pushed back the delivery of the first jet to singapore airlines last year .
abdul rashid ghazi s body was found in the red mosque basement .
it joins the roddenberry named for the show s creator , gene roddenberry and the nichols for co star nichelle nichols , who played lt . uhura .
afghan police say a suicide bomber has killed six people and wounded more than twenty others in southern afghanistan .
marine sgt . lawrence hutchins iii was also reduced in rank to lowest level private and given a dishonorable discharge .
in recent months , a chinese warship dropped anchor off tokyo , the first military visit by the communist nation to japan since world war ii .
bartz was chairman , president and ceo of autodesk from to .
after the vote , supporters of kibaki , a member of the kikuyu tribe , battled with supporters of odinga , a member of the luo tribe , in bloody street fights that often involved machetes .
prime minister nuri al maliki quickly condemned the governor s killing and those who carried it out .
the military says the technology for the explosively formed penetrators , or efps , comes from iran .
perino urged pakistan s government to ensure that citizens be able to voice their opinions , that they be able to assemble , and that they be able to have the freedom of the press that they had before the emergency order was in place .
but bush said plenty went right during his eight years in office , including the economy for most of his term .
following an earthquake in ad , some of pompeii had been rebuilt and then , less than two decades later , mt . vesuvius , which had been considered extinct and , in fact , was covered with vineyards and homes , erupted so quickly that it buried pompeii and a nearby city , herculaneum , in minutes .

there was a huge jump in the number of suicides reported by the army last month .
wanda stoy said she uses hers in addition to weekly face to face meetings with her local chapter of tops .
amid criticism in northeast asia of japan for its distorted interpretation of its past , foreign ministers from the three nations in the center of the history dispute are likely to meet next month .
berkshire hathaway , based in omaha , nebraska , said it plans to acquire the remaining percent of marmon over the next five to six years depending on future earnings of marmon , according to a statement released tuesday by both companies .
the world health organization has expressed concern over the increasing spread of the disease in hong kong .
he hadn t specified a route for the plane to fly and had no way of knowing where he was when he went out the exit .
mercury energy s general manager , james moulder , said the company was devastated by the woman s death and was conducting its own investigation to determine what happened .
but not really till .
candidates from both parties have been trying to build up internet support using social networking and video sharing sites , with democratic senator barack obama proving particularly successful .
dvd players sell for at least .
the move will leave front runner sen . barack obama s lead over rival sen . hillary clinton intact .
violence has broken out in several areas of east timor , a day after independence hero xanana gusmao was named as the new prime minister .
union unrest swept the nation as tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets across the country to voice their opposition to labor and school reforms and free trade negotiations with the united states .
and in florida , barack obama called for more spending on the nation s roads .
we re not going to remove it at all .
the iranians who were arrested tuesday worked for iran s energy ministry and were in baghdad at the invitation of iraqi officials to sign an energy supply contract , said yassin majid , an aide to iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki . the delegates were released wednesday , he said .
.
a saudi national a suspected al qaeda in iraq operative had been one of their trainers , but he was believed to have died in a military operation , khalaf said .
in return , it would receive aid equal to , tons of heavy fuel oil from the other countries participating in the nuclear talks the united states , south korea , russia , china and japan .
are women up to the job ?
northern new england , central new england , including the green and white mountain ski areas of new hampshire , and vermont , can expect up to a foot of snow .
it s unfair because , in the end , the consumer is the one who pays , said fernando fernandez , a liquor exporter .
washington cnn a weekend incident with racial overtones at a high school for deaf students could result in criminal charges with enhanced penalties for a hate crime , metro police chief cathy lanier said wednesday .
incoming obama chief of staff rahm emanuel tells abc s this week that the president elect would like to see congress come up with a clean economic stimulus bill during its coming lame duck session .
he still fails to acknowledge that he was wrong .
we are not going to sell ronaldinho , he said . we are not in contact with any other team about selling him .
she stayed up later than usual , until about a . m . , after obama s speech and the phone began ringing off the hook .
sen . barack obama said tuesday he was outraged by comments his former pastor , the rev . jeremiah wright , made a day earlier at the national press club and saddened by the spectacle .
many of the mayor s offspring have proved to be some of the toughest bulls in spanish bullfights .
gemayel s son pierre , a lebanese anti syrian parliamentarian , was assassinated last november .
judge saad al muhanna from the qatif general court also barred al lahim from defending his client and revoked his law license , al lahim said .
to reflect on history is not to dwell on hard feelings but to remember and learn from the past in order to open a better future , he said , adding , however , that he hoped japan s apologies would be turned into actions .
rehman told cnn in february that the party wanted to look beyond the hand that pulled the trigger to focus on who organized and paid for the killing .
woolmer s death blunted angry protests taking place in pakistan , where the fall of the world cup champions is keenly felt , and prompted condolence messages
the plans they had bought into no longer were good enough , and any company that couldn t change was left to die .
the work , entropa , frames various representations of each member state as components of a giant multimedia model kit .
baldwin a year old doctor , navy lieutenant , humanitarian and triathlete is the perfect guy with perfect teeth , and a houseful of wide eyed , marriage minded women competing to be his one and only .
of course you don t have a lot of nice things to say
according to a may report by the u . s .
in i think we should see afghanistan on the road to long term peace and stability with the back of the resistance broken , he told a gathering the world s top security officials .
the turkish military government received approval from the parliament in october to take military action at any time .
jon , he s calling it cause for concern , but not cause for alarm
the heavens rained news last week .
the bill , said rep . peter king of new york , top republican on the homeland security panel , is another step in the right direction building on the steps of the previous years .
hong kong , china cnn supporters of deposed prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in the lower house of parliament , making them the clear favorites to lead a new government , according to official results , thailand s election commission announced tuesday .
they called me two weeks after solti died and said , help , mr . kaye you re the only one who knows how many of the players have been booked .
a close aide said he died after a cardio respiratory attack .
and when someone asked about exceptions to his new lobbying rules , he promised a news conference soon .
anytime security is enhanced , we are very supportive tsa spokesman christopher white said .
obama will do what s necessary to fix economy , aide says
i m only and it s magnificent . it s even better considering all the big names in contention this year , ronaldo added .
south korea will face saudi arabia , kuwait and uzbekistan in the world cup s asian region qualifying round , which starts on february next year .
there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .
the mccanns and their friends and relatives say they are holding out hope that madeleine will be found alive .
ruth graham , who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world s most renowned evangelist , died thursday .
roh and bush reaffirmed the peaceful settlement of nk s nuclear issue .
the joong ang ilbo reports the grand national party broke an agreement and voted against a revision of tax law friday .
key steps meant to assuage international concerns about nuclear activity in the usually secretive communist nation .
iraq has provisionally suspended crude oil exports to korea s top refiner , sk energy company , to protest an exploration deal between korean companies , including sk , and the kurdish regional government .
i don t know , spears says teasingly during a late november phone interview from her home in kentwood , louisiana .
i will be a prime minister for all australians , the head of the center left labor party told the cheering crowd .
officials in the northern philippines said the storm already killed five people there monday .
over the years , the town has hosted many celebrities , including richard wagner , arturo toscanini , miro and d . h .
actors son jett travolta dies at
the system being tested for use in military uniforms , called warrior wear , has eight tourniquets two in each sleeve and pant leg .
know what to expect expect to hear staple interview questions
but critics want the practice banned , with many saying it s unsafe .
that , we believe , is the responsibility of the indonesian government .
lawmakers will vote tuesday on whether to pass a law covering human fertility and embryology that would relax the rules on who can have fertility treatment .
the court said the city illegally issued the certificates and performed the ceremonies , since state law defines marriage as a union between a man and woman . the justices separately decided with a vote to nullify the , marriages peformed between feb .
accord on north korean nuclear program may elude bush
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid told cnn that shim was killed monday , hours after taliban leaders had threatened to kill more hostages if afghan leaders did not give in to their demands to release rebel prisoners .
but fda reviewers said data showed zimulti patients were twice as likely to have suicidal thoughts or mental problems such as depression and anxiety .
but instead of giving kassouf the sympathy he expected , his girlfriend told him off .
the agency also was using three roving canteens , which were providing hot meals and beverages to victims .
it s all about making the shopping experience more efficient , more reliable and more comfortable , hess said .
well , in that case , give brad lidge and roy oswalt a call and tell them i just hummed a , mph fastball , anderson said , referring to the star pitchers for his hometown houston astros .
she left no children behind but has at least one brother and reportedly some other siblings .
the battle involved two five storey buildings known as the shahal compound that shared a parking lot . the third floor of one of the buildings was blackened by fire , and bullet holes riddled the walls .
obama spoke at a town hall meeting in casper , using the opportunity to criticize clinton s vote on the war in iraq .
shoe thrower s brother
the dow is up points .
it s also higher than the proportion of either men or women percent and percent , respectively who currently believe the nation is ready for a woman in the white house .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id seoul , south korea cnn
another scorched the woodland around the birthplace of the olympics .
zane , the daughter of a theologian and an elementary school teacher , graduated from howard university in washington , d . c . , with a degree in chemical engineering .
the couple would not talk to the newspaper , but the village chief told may titthara that the husband was angry because his wife wouldn t tend to him when he was ill .
seoul mayor oh se hoon apologized yesterday for the controversy and canceled plans to sell the rights to purchase the units , scheduled for later this year .
word of the fbi investigation broke friday with a report that the referee s gambling became known during a separate investigation of organized crime .
it will not be long before asia s top oil importers join forces to eliminate the premium added to their purchases from the middle east , the head of the presidential committee on northeast asian affairs said yesterday .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has welcomed north korea s decision to allow united nations nuclear agency inspectors into the country .
swedish automaker volvo ab , owned by ford motor co . , will have its plug in hybrid concept at the show .
crayola bright cupcakes and lunches of tuna melts , meatloaf sandwiches and chicken salad tempt a crowd from nearby studios and production houses .
the prime ministers will now use their meeting to discuss more specific proposals .
more than million copies have sold of the previous six potter books .
london ap days before the new harry potter novel was to go on sale around the world , thousands of copies of the book were stolen in britain , prompting police on june tuesday to threaten the arrest of anyone caught selling them on the black market .
john mccain , a former prisoner of war in vietnam , called an ad criticizing john kerry s military service dishonest and dishonorable and urged the white house on thursday to condemn it as well .
he said the bomber was motivated to carry out the attack because his friend was killed after pakistani security forces stormed the red mosque in islamabad last year to rout islamic extremists holed
he said jobs , who co founded apple inc . and is chief executive of the company , had proved to be a technology trendsetter .
a dutch police spokesman said on monday de telegraaf received a letter from an anonymous sender which contained information about where madeleine mccann may be .
mccain is statistically tied with obama , percent to percent , and ahead of clinton by points , percent to percent .
other moviegoers have reported being nauseated and dizzy .
it comes after a federal judge tossed out most of health products maker johnson johnson s lawsuit , upholding the red cross right to use the emblem .
after bombing saddam hussein s new presidential palace on monday , the u . s .
three people were detained for questioning from one of the hotels , he added .
cnn imagine you and your favorite travel partner dangling in your own private little gondola , gliding silently for minutes as you cross the mer de glace or sea of ice .
children as young as have been forced to have sex with aid workers and peacekeepers in return for food and money , save the children uk said in a report released tuesday .
these talks represent the best opportunity to use diplomacy to address north korea s nuclear programs , u . s . president george w . bush said in a statement . they reflect the common commitment of the participants to a korean peninsula that is free of nuclear weapons .
giuliani s poor finishes have cast doubt on his viability , adair said on cnn s american morning .
the four , who were eating dinner together at the time of the attack , were not believed to have been targeted , the source added .
in a country with a diverse culture and fierce regional pride , choosing words to represent everyone could be impossible .
said a u . n . food and agriculture organization initiative has called for . billion to provide some developing countries with seeds and other materials such as fertilizers to boost food production .
and so the masses were happy to wait hours in line outside topshop s oxford street store for the chance to attend a special shopping session of moss s inspirations .
the un general assembly has voted overwhelmingly to create a new human rights organization for the world body , despite united states criticism .
the km slick threatens wildlife and valuable sea farms .
she said a baby kangaroo was trampled and killed when the animals were rounded up into a pen .
south korea s cultural heritage administration said it would take at least three years to fully restore the gate and it would cost some million , the ap reported .
what is rarely reported is that worldwide , sharks kill an average of people every year .
after last year s massive toy recall , stacy duran isn t taking any chances when shopping for toys this holiday season .
i m sure there were more than but i couldn t count the ones who were ashes , he said in a phone interview .
the other issue which may be on the talks agenda is south korea s role in global defense .
in myanmar formerly known as burma a boy who was when he was recruited to the national army , had to watch as older soldiers gunned down mothers and then killed their babies .
charting the psychology of evil , decades after shock experiment
the fire crews arrived within minutes and . . . the house was engulfed . schrecengost told the associated press .
previously , the government had said the economy could reach its potential growth rate next year .
china sends goodwill pandas to taiwan
the south koreans were seized from a bus travelling from the city of kandahar to the afghan capital , kabul .
also on monday , the iraqi army freed seven tribal sheikhs abducted sunday in eastern baghdad , baghdad commander gen . abboud qanbar told al iraqia state television .
the war entered its fifth year last week .
he had third degree burns over to percent of his body , according to sanford fire department investigator matt minnetto .
the dispute was recently settled , leading to speculation that beatles music would soon be available on itunes .
frank and funny , he instantly charmed the two money bags behind netscape
the federal agency worked quickly with amscan to announce the recall , commission spokesman scott wolfson .
north korea s recent missile test was just a common military drill .
three years earlier , libyan leader moammar gadhafi had made an abrupt about face after the fall of iraqi dictator saddam hussein , renouncing support for terrorism and agreeing to give up libya s missiles and weapons of mass destruction .
addressing supporters in a pre recorded message delivered via a giant video screen , hezbollah leader sheikh hassan nasrallah accused israel of being behind a blast in the syrian capital , damascus , which killed militant commander imad mughniyeh on wednesday .
we hope to be in the same room and to have an open and frank discussion about our mutual concerns and interests , said zebari , who believes that such a meeting would be a proper platform for important issues .
residents of uljin , north gyeongsang province , were rattled over the weekend by an earthquake centered kilometers off korea s east coast .
the prosecution thursday said it plans to summon hyundai automotive chairman chung mong koo and his son to question them over allegations about slush funds and illegal wealth transfer .
in an interview with the associated press on wednesday , david allmark , general manager of fisher price , said the problem was detected by an internal probe and reported to the consumer product safety commission .
a statement from the uk s commission for racial equality said it was relieved that channel had acted quickly to resolve the issue .
with many influential leaders making the same statement , the population will realize that these terrorists are not the future of iraq , said maj . gen . benjamin mixon , commander of u . s . led troops in diyala province , where the police officers were killed on friday .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki released a statement condemning the news of targeting another symbol of iraqi religious symbols by the hands of the terrorists groups .
the bank of england s head of markets , paul tucker , last week said rates would fall gradually and that the central bank was prepared to tolerate increased slack in the economy to counterbalance inflationary pressures .
only percent of women in the study had sufficient blood levels of d at the time they their breast cancer was diagnosed .
huerta was taken into custody saturday night near his apartment on campus .
there was no warning call as sometimes occurs before the explosion near downtown bilbao , the largest basque city , an interior ministry spokesman told cnn .
european and russian leaders are holding crisis meetings monday to try to defuse a dispute between the russian energy giant gazprom and ukraine s state run gas company naftogaz ukrainy .
obama said his plan will immediately help jumpstart the economy by doubling the production of alternative energy within three years , improving the efficiency of federal buildings and homes , computerizing medical records , equipping schools with st century classrooms , expanding broadband across the country , and investing in science and new technologies .
roh is expected to replace a couple more ministers , as well as his secretaries , possibly including presidential chief of staff lee byung wan .
led the nominees with five nods each , but each film had at least one snub .
the financial world to congress
cowell rolled his eyes and raised his eyebrows as contestant chris richardson of chesapeake , virginia , followed his performance on tuesday s show with a comment about the people killed on the campus by a student .
shiroo also sent a letter to broadcaster tv asahi to protest recent money scandals linked to ito , including hidden accounts and public works contracts , kyodo reported .
it also ordered total and three other defendants to pay total damages of million the first time in france that a criminal court has awarded damages for an oil spill .
the dallas native s other credits include the film crazy and this year s shooter .
a normal heart rate at rest is about to beats a minute , according to the american heart association .
on the way back , he reportedly visited a model agricultural farm near beijing , the news agency reported .
she s amazed someone could steal the pool that quickly and just wanted to know what the heck they did with the water , she said .
shares in the car maker gained cents on monday , or . , to close at . .
singing beatles tribute bands are climbing onto rooftops across the country today to mark the anniversary .
that this emergency has dictated are only and exclusively to benefit and protect the well being of colombians , who incurred this in a practice that we should abolish that is the belief that fast riches should be an element of our society , valencia said in a televised statement .
more than half of those troops were withdrawn within two months of the invasion , and the remaining contingent , now numbering about , , was based mostly in the southern city of basra .
speaking after meeting with both prime minister recep tayyip erdogan and foreign minister ali babacan , rice said she had emphasized that the united states is committed to redoubling its efforts to help turkey in its struggle against the rebel fighters .
the government and ruling uri party agreed to withdraw all south korean troops from iraq by the end of next year , government officials said .
a joint afghan u . s . force repelled the attack with mortars , machine guns and air support .
musharraf purged the judiciary , jailed thousands of opponents and silenced television news channels after he suspended the constitution and declared emergency rule on november .
fans say going to the chicago store is one way they can feel closer to someone they admire .
the prosecution thursday banned seven to eight officials from samsung affiliated companies from traveling overseas .
the u . s . defense department accidentally shipped ballistic missile components to taiwan , the pentagon said tuesday .
security screening tips
replacing the batteries would have some financial impact , but matsushita would pay part of the costs , nokia said .
news media on dominica reported a woman and her son died in a landslide , and two more people died on martinique , ap reported , citing local authorities .
don t forget the kids there s plenty for them downtown , too .
get a big hat , plenty of suntan lotion and everything will be cool in the big easy for the last weekend of april and the first weekend of may .
in the days after the december vote , riots and ethnic violence erupted from the coast to the rural highlands , killing some kenyans , displacing thousands , and prompting the nairobi stock exchange to close and shops and restaurants to padlock their doors .
there was a reuters story this morning quoting john prestbo , editor and executive director of dow jones indexes , please disregard his comments which were misunderstood .
the search for that suspect , cpl . cesar armando laurean , was earthwide , onslow county sheriff ed brown said at a news conference monday .
local provisional authorities implemented the curfew starting at p . m . minutes after the bomb , the interior ministry official said , adding that the curfew will continue until further notice .
as an initial step , the professors will hold a forum thursday , to shed light on negative side effects of the so called great canal project .
mercifully for airport security screeners , she did not wear them , either , opting to carry them in her purse .
presidential spokesman cheon ho seon said the suit will be filed in the name of presidential chief of staff moon jae in .
smoltz said he s not yet able to watch games from the dugout because he s worried about having to make a sudden move and hit the arm .
with a range of meters , the t can screen people in public places , thus avoiding bottlenecks at border crossings or security checkpoints .
a pentagon source , speaking on condition of anonymity , said military officials had no reason to doubt reports that al masri had died .
by cnn s count , obama is delegates shy of the , needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and delegates ahead of clinton .
her latest success leaves her first in the overall rankings with points after of races .
the decision is seen as a positive step forward and a kind of openness that the u . n . secretary general has been pushing for in the past few days , unicef emergency communication officer mike bociurkiw told cnn .
seoul sends supports to u . s . for the hurricane .
the stock market also recovered slightly , gaining less than one percent .
the extra money will be used to finance the extension of a children s health insurance program .
whether it was on the economy or issues in general , both candidates talked about working together during the presidential campaign
these pro palestinian protesters in new york say it s israel that s to blame
found only in the yangtze river , it is related to freshwater species found in the mekong , indus , ganges and amazon rivers .
you have to assume that some of the business done at a . m . would have been done during the day , but not all of it .
i saw poor and illiterate women who had organized around their capacity to borrow and save money , and were beginning to lift themselves and their families out of acute poverty .
she already held the no . spot for one week in august .
murtada is one of these grim stats , and his life is now a nightmare .
it comes standard with an gigabyte hard drive , with the option of a gb flash based solid state drive as an upgrade .
plainly , both approaches to measurement have their drawbacks .
that s more than double the deaths the bush administration cited in an earlier report used to argue its winning the war on terrorism .
after reviewing available data and consulting with the fda , we are voluntarily transitioning labels to read , do not use in children under four years of age .
the discord threatens to unravel a much praised cease fire by the cleric s militia , the mehdi army , which u . s . commanders have credited with helping ease the sectarian warfare that gripped iraq in .
sunday , a holiday in sri lanka , is a time when hundreds flock to the zoo and other attractions .
the government claims that the channel is breaching the constitution by rallying support for the opposition .
dropping outrage , ban resets his trip to tokyo .
secretary of state condoleezza rice arrived in baghdad sunday for unannounced talks with iraqi leaders as fighting with shiite militias raged a few miles away .
in all , classmates used the group to swap tips on assignments .
the head of the white house council of economic advisers christina romer , also on fox news sunday , says the plan is to use billion in federal money , along with private investments , to free the banks of hundreds of billions in bad assets
a cheap and stable connection is expected to be probable in the not so distant future in developed countries but the form factor remains a big challenge .
the president elect had learned of her story two weeks earlier after cnn profiled her when she went to the polls to vote early .
the origins of the anthem are disputed , according to michael jamieson bristow , a composer and music historian .
some elements will almost certainly be beyond the knowledge of many ordinary australians , says the bbc s nick bryant in sydney .
besides , says peter , a benefits consultant , most men are scared to change .
across the internet , election watchers were discussing , celebrating and bemoaning the political process inside such virtual worlds and on social networking sites and blogs .
they also came face to face with the three senators vying to succeed george w bush as president this november .
the ceremonies are held at the burial place of the nation s unknown soldiers .
the loosened blanket was discovered saturday during an inspection of the shuttle .
but a lot of money will be made and lost between now and then .
clinton has more superdelegates supporting her , and the overall count is close .
from now until june , oregon s whale watching capital welcomes roughly , gray whales en route to alaska .
the doctors should attempt to prevent force feeding by refusing to participate , the commentary s three authors write in wednesday s journal of the american medical association .
sports fans set up web sites with names that begin with fire , hoping coaches , athletic directors and sportscasters lose their jobs .
the government on monday decided to impose a percent capital gains tax on real estate transactions by households owning more than three homes from next month .
the teen was among the first to get his hands on the coveted gadget from apple , joining throngs destined to become braggarts of and guinea pigs for the latest must have , cutting edge piece of techno wizardry .
baghdad , iraq cnn a top militant who once served as a general in the military under saddam hussein was arrested on monday , iraqi officials said .
the letter indicates the men intended to detonate an explosive device in the the sport utility vehicle while still inside the vehicle , the sources said .
riot police fired tear gas at protesters in sao paulo after more than , people held a largely peaceful march , sending hundreds of demonstrators fleeing and ducking into businesses to avoid the gas .
it is difficult to foresee whether or not wireless lans will scale to gigabit speeds .
warner bros . , the studio that is producing the film , said it was shocked by the news .
the river is already nearly feet meters above its normal level for this time of year and close to breaching its banks .
defense minister franz josef jung said the men had posed an imminent threat .
why target a company that can be nauseatingly wholesome ?
one hit a bus stop and the other hit a house , noble said .
google swamped with great idea submissions
hamas leader ismail haniya has said he would be willing to negotiate a cease fire with israel but israel is reacting coolly .
delegates say the demand has deadlocked work on a statement of principles for negotiations , aimed at persuading the north to give up its nuclear program .
the u . s . side agreed to postpone the timetable from to , but the number of troops cut will remain the same , according to a south korean official involved in the talks .
film legend paul newman starred some fifty films , including a couple of terrific movies with robert redford .
if we attack the metro subway system in barcelona , the emergency services can t get there , one of the suspected suicide bombers told the informant , el pais reported on saturday . our preference is public transport , especially the metro .
the ap s matt apuzzo says they may be shopping for a friendlier venue for a trial .
but participating in the worlds is not a compulsory task for liu .
customers also stand to benefit from the merger with competitive fares and more flight choices , officials said .
new mexico gov . bill richardson on wednesday sharply disputed bill clinton s reported claim that richardson promised to endorse hillary clinton s bid for the white house . i never did , richardson said .
cnn the head of the u . n . world food programme s mogasdishu office was released tuesday after nearly a week in detention , a wfp spokeswoman in rome confirmed to cnn .
bhagat denied there had been a breach of security . they were taken away because demonstrations are not allowed in that area , he said .
the cities include seoul , gwangju , jeonju , daegu , daejeon , suwon , busan , ulsan and jeju .
we re partners , like tom and jerry .
under the agreement with britain , odyssey would share any finds with the british government .
russell married shane deary , a contractor , in manhattan on valentine s day .
we can never tolerate north korea s nuclear weapons development , which is a threat to our national security and world peace , but tension should not be allowed to keep rising on the korean peninsula , prime minister kim suk soo said in a speech to the national assembly .
mexican authorities often have purged police forces in attempts to eliminate corruption , only to see the fired officers go to work full time for organized crime .
the state representative bill black made it clear they have their own rules .
the nations also said they would protect individual depositors accounts and move to ease accounting regulations that determine how assets are valued , removing a requirement that they be based on market prices so called mark to market accounting .
his wife denied involvement , and will stand trial later this year .
clinton and obama s relatively strong standing against mccain in the poll appear to dispel notions that democratic party may be unable to come together around one candidate in the fall , even as west virginia exit polls reported majorities of both candidates supporters would not support the other candidate in the general election .
chairman niall quinn told a news conference that he had tried to persuade his former ireland team mate to stay , at least for the next three games , but keane insisted it was time for him to depart .
the defense ministry is also planning to send equipment and personnel should the united states request it .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack stressed that the details are still unfolding , and the threat may or may not be linked to the saturday raid .
they are pursuing a movement for peace .
as long as the issue of tibet is not resolved , we will resist china occupation , said tsewang rigzin , president of the tibetan youth congress and one of the march organizers .
according to analysts , much of the stock s recent weakness stems from concerns that labor and other rising costs are hampering profits while increases in sales at stores open at least months , a key measure of retail health , are contracting .
do this now , when everything s calm , not when your child s bleeding profusely .
asian stock markets extended their decline on monday following further losses on wall street , as investors fretted about the health of the u . s . economy amid worries about the fallout from the subprime mortgage market .
it belongs to freedom , he was to say in excerpts of remarks prepared for delivery .
he had met the teens at a store and was on his way to a party with them when the accident occurred .
damien hirst , former britart bad boy whose works infuriate and inspire in equal measure , did it again on friday with a diamond encrusted platinum cast of a human skull priced at a cool million .
it now appears that this is no longer the case , and access to the site is much easier .
the little one is actually very feisty , and he s doing very good right now .
looking forward to the new year , hong kong tech industry analyst and blogger victor cheung has his eyes set on an all in one computer that features a multi touch screen , like that of the hp pavilion iq series . according to cheung , will see the tablet pc finally taking off , with more name brand manufacturers joining the ranks of hp , fujitsu , dell , lenovo , toshiba and kohjinsha .
the defense has claimed simpson didn t know about any guns .
nobel prize winner jose ramos horta vowed to heal deep political and social rifts in east timor after he won a sweeping victory in presidential elections in asia s newest nation .
he was wrong about those .
the farc is a leftist insurgent force that has sought to overthrow the colombian government since the late s .
sarkozy has promised to give universities more autonomy , impose tougher sentences on repeat offenders , tighten immigration , make labour laws more flexible and reduce taxation .
despite heavy rain , palin s likeness went up in seconds
skinny african girls may get to strut on western catwalks but the fat ones have to stay at home .
bgc partners analyst david buik told cnn the fallout from madoff s arrest was sending shockwaves through the markets .
the yen hit a year high against the dollar as investors reduced their exposure to risky , higher yielding assets .
the daily express and daily star , both owned by express newspapers , printed an apology on the front page of their wednesday editions apologizing to kate and gerry mccann for suggesting the couple was responsible for the death of their daughter .
the scandal has tarnished the ruling communist party s promises to build a harmonious society with improved rights and income for the nation s hundreds of millions of poor farmers .
that s a , followed by zeros , and it contains way too much red ink for republican congress members like mike pence of indiana
jinzhu was sent to japan in to mate with a female , the report said .
the torch relay began with an aboriginal welcome ceremony and aboriginal youth leader tania major was the first of torchbearers carrying the flame on its km mile journey around the australian capital .
asian and pacific markets were mixed following a late rally on wall street that brought the dow jones industrial average up over percent .
the coast guard says it s received no distress signal from a fishing boat that disappeared off florida s gulf coast over the weekend ?
the temptation to return to a place where the story is raw , but real is intense . there is nothing paris hilton about gaza .
in a letter sent thursday to yahoo chairman roy bostock , icahn wrote that outraged yahoo shareholders had urged him to lead a campaign to replace yahoo s directors at the company s july annual meeting in hopes of bringing microsoft back to the bargaining table .
romney and mccain are competing in florida s crucial republican primary as very different candidates , on very different core gop issues .
amnesty said it was not promoting abortion as a universal right .
government ministers and provincial premiers were among about , people at the funeral at the michaelhouse school chapel in kwazulu natal .
kim jong pil , a former opposition leader and prime minister whose political turf is the central region , was the latest heavyweight throwing support behind lee on thursday .
still , our hearts are broken as two died , so we convey our sympathy to the bereaved family members , said cha sung min , who has served as a spokesman for the hostages relatives .
in the hours , kidman played suicidal author woolf , wearing a fake nose to capture the writer s plain features .
but these are no ordinary circumstances .
the second investigation will examine whether microsoft withheld information from companies that wanted to make products compatible with its software including office word processing , spreadsheet and office management tools , some server products and microsoft s push into the internet under the name of the . net framework .
the last official death toll from cyclone sidr , one of the worst storms to strike the impoverished country in recent years , issued monday was , , but many areas of the south asian nation remained unreached by relief workers .
the us senate has voted in favor of a bill to tighten rules on lobbying and ethics for lawmakers , following its approval in the lower house .
at the finish line , there will be massage therapists like lexon allison .
an america tv peru reporter said she could see no sign of police to quell looting .
many of those who turned out for saturday s protest carried national flags and placards .
israel has pulled its last troops out of gaza in a move timed to ease tensions as president obama enters the white house .
all rights reserved .
the court said it was the band members youthful impulsive ways that triggered the incident , adding that the sentences were suspended because the two had spent enough time reflecting on their conduct while detained in holding cells .
currie said she received the letter from fitzgerald on friday , and although her panel will meet on monday and might hear from blagojevich s attorney , there will be no subpoenas of obama advisers , including emanuel , obama adviser valerie jarrett , democratic u . s . rep .
using the tiniest of needles , schneider sucked out the cells that seemed to give rise to beaks , called neural crest cells , from duck embryos and replaced them with neural crest cells from quail embryos , and vice versa .
reporting to the un security council on his recent visit to the country , gambari said it had not produced all the results he was hoping for .
he added that roadblocks could happen even though it s something the federation does not want and isn t looking for , according to a report in telam , the national news agency of argentina .
witnesses said a train traveling from beijing to the coastal city of qingdao derailed and hit a second train at about a . m . , xinhua news agency said .
jakarta , indonesia cnn a strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of . struck late thursday off the western coast of sumatra , the same area shaken by a major . magnitude temblor that killed nine people wednesday .
maj . gen . douglas raaberg , director of air and space operations at the air combat command in langley , virginia , has been ordered to investigate how the nuclear tipped missiles were flown across the country without anyone knowing , officials said .
it was bolton s their third successive draw and they may need a victory against red star in belgrade next thursday to progress .
one member of the group allegedly yelled , oh , hanukkah . that s the day that the jews killed jesus , she said .
he was testifying before jurors who are deciding whether he should be executed for his role in the attacks .
a south china tiger , one of fewer than in existence , has left shanghai for a romantic mission to africa that might help save the species .
this was the first time ever scientists had seen the new bug , but it won t be the last .
cnn at least three people have been killed and more injured following an explosion at a revered islamic shrine in the northern indian state of rajasthan , cnn sister station cnn ibn reported on thursday .
dr . lisa mcintyre said during a hospital news conference friday that while rider was doing better , she s not out of the woods yet .
abrantes was the victim of romance fraud
the grainy video showed the former leader being told to go to hell by someone attending the hanging .
bush spoke after a wreath laying ceremony at the tomb of the unknowns in arlington , virginia , addressing a crowd that included relatives of the dead , veterans , military officials and members of congress and the public . watch bush pay tribute to our finest citizens
north korea s impoverished economy has suffered from energy shortages for years , and rising oil prices have made the situation worse .
cholla s acceptance in the juried show prompted interest from another gallery in venice , italy , where a solo exhibit of cholla artwork is being planned for next spring .
on the street , some people said they don t understand the motivations for the increase , but predicted their consumption would not change .
i do hope the cold war is not going to be repeated , he said . we must take advantage of opportunities to avoid that .
its u . s . unit will sell to sbc communications inc .
customers are likely to look to specialty electronics stores like circuit city and best buy for guidance ahead of the transition .
meanwhile , dry santa ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the pacific ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost , firefighters in the area .
getting back to the unemployment situation , microsoft says it s cutting , jobs of the next months , after reporting an drop in nd quarter profits .
a lot of times when people think about someone being homeless , they think about the man sleeping on the park bench or the lady walking down the street with the bags .
john darwin is to appear monday before hartlepool magistrates court , henderson said , when police plan to ask for him to be remanded in custody .
illinois sen . barack obama replied , as i travel around the country , people have an urgent need for change . . . unless we change how business is done in washington and part of that is bringing people together .
she has campaigned on the contention that her eight years as first lady and senate experience makes her more qualified than obama , who has been a u . s . senator for just four years .
and while he did not provide specifics on the type of aid needed , he said , we must give the afghan authorities the support they need to deliver the kind of success that we all recognize is vital , not just for security in afghanistan , but for security in the wider world .
the lpga is confronting challenges that are facing not only other sports and entertainment organizations , but every business enterprise of any kind in all corners around the world .
the engine block of the bmw was completely dislodged and wreckage from the car was found over a square foot area , the fhp spokesman said .
the service is one of the tangible results of an october summit between north korean leader kim jong il and south korean president roh moo hyun that outlined a series of joint projects .
press secretary dana perino says the administration eased open to discussions , but wants to see how the economy reacts to steps that have already been taken .
on thursday , the few trains running were still crammed with commuters and getting around paris remained a challenge , with at least one commuter train line shut entirely and traffic at a near standstill on other subway routes , officials said .
the california independent system operator , which oversees the state s power grid , said no major shortages were expected .
japan s agriculture minister died monday after hanging himself just hours before he was to face questioning in a political scandal , officials said , dealing a powerful blow to the increasingly beleaguered government ahead of july elections .
magistrates in lowestoft , eastern england , said they considered sending parfitt to jail because of the serious breach of trust and the high potential value of the stolen work .
pitt s manager , cynthia pett dante , told the associated press we have no comment except the story is not true , and several celebrity news outlets also reported the story was false .
a powerful nor easter pounded the east with wind and pouring rain sunday , grounding airlines and threatening to create some of the worst coastal flooding some areas had seen in more than a decade .
the year old mir space station will be ditched in february in a controlled descent that will send it hurtling into a remote area of the pacific ocean , officials said today .
australian police were executing search warrants at locations in the brisbane area , beattie said .
most foreign workers are employed in the manufacturing , petroleum and construction sectors and as household help , the report said .
the concrete vault encasing the car may have been built to withstand a nuclear attack , but it couldn t keep away water .
in a written statement , fallon said the article s disrespect for the president and resulting embarrassment had become a distraction .
a bomb exploded outside a shiite mosque in northwest pakistan on monday , killing at least four people and wounding five others , police said .
friday s blast was in mogadishu s hurwa district , a hotbed of support for the islamic courts .
the legacy of stanley milgram , who died years ago on december , reaches far beyond that initial round of experiments .
he is accused of being an accessory to the murder of , jews at a nazi death camp in poland .
al qaeda in iraq has named a successor to abu musab al zarqawi , days after he was killed in a us air strike .
major general richard newton said ground crews had failed to follow procedures .
major campaign issues included policies for reducing guatemala s high crime rate and violence and the migration of guatemalans to the united states , where many are working illegally .
lindsay davenport continued her dream return to wta tour action as she advanced to the quarterfinals of the china open by defeating eighth seed eleni daniilidou .
the expedition began march and returned to port in new zealand s capital wellington on april .
russia has not pointed missiles towards europe since the end of the cold war .
it technology is hugely developed in korea , not hd cinema equipment or technology , says kang kyung il , manager of production at cj entertainment , south korea s dominant distributor in terms of volume and market share .
the drug , topamax , works in a different way from three other medications already approved for treating alcoholism .
however , protesters have been waiting for their chance to take to the streets to show gambari that hope is zero percent , the witness said .
harris , who began smoking when he was , doubts he ll quit anytime soon not even if officials in this borough of , near reading enact a proposal to prohibit anyone under from smoking outdoors .
the associated press correspondent robert reed in baghdad says the incident is generating some jokes .
fake profiles abound , however , with dozens for president bush and a handful for mother teresa .
the young couple later bought their own house across the street from the bells .
the zoo is expected to reopen thursday , but the lion house , the zoo s big cat exhibit , will remain closed until we get a better understanding of what actually happened .
that s national weather service forecaster brian corday .
she is facing a third night in jail without being formally charged .
according to the joong ang ilbo , in a bid to tear down regulatory walls that have splintered the financial sector here , seoul has announced plans to overhaul its financial regulations in order , it says , to allow some room to grow .
former president kim dae jung flew to pyongyang for the first inter korean summit in june .
there is one man who knows in his heart that it is time to create one america , not two , and that man is barack obama . edwards also praised clinton s candidacy .
an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers le bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night .
you couldn t get a donation to save a cat in this town for the life of them , trively said .
after purchasing theme parks in ohio , north carolina , virginia , california and canada for million in , paramount entertainment is using a strategy that is similar to that of six flags .
presidential chief of staff lee byung wan warned wednesday that the widening social and economic gaps , if left intact , could result in three koreas north korea and divided south korea on the peninsula .
baby manjhi and her grandmother flew to osaka , japan , from the indian capital , new delhi , saturday night , said family friend , kamal vijay vargiya .
spaniard nadal , coming off a win over andy murray on thursday , was slow to nalbandian s groundstrokes and broken in the third game . a double fault in the fifth game set up another break chance for nalbandian , whose forehand clipped the net to skip beyond nadal
blagojevich is accused of trying to sell the seat .
and he never stepped on the mound wednesday night .
officials suspected the bus was crushed in the landslide after it was determined to be missing .
now i am happy i didn t stop .
while it is heartbreaking to return to the uk without madeleine , it does not mean we are giving up the search for her , he said .
for a cartoon comedy dependent on how much ruination one homely yellow family can cause , there s an awful lot of drama behind the simpsons .
the u . s . and iran do not have diplomatic relations .
with many wells destroyed by the cyclone , there is a critical need for clean water supplies to prevent the spread of cholera and severe diarrhea .
japan s coast guard has found three bodies believed to be crew members of a mysterious boat after an exchange of fire with japanese patrol boats .
more than percent of women in their childbearing years are immune to chicken pox because they had it as kids .
prostitution is not a crime in brazil . police are investigating whether extortion , which is a crime , may have been involved .
it s to fight global warming
hong arrived at the office in seoul around p . m . as hundreds of reporters were waiting for the appearance of the wife of the nation s largest conglomerate .
some dissidents marched peacefully to a church tuesday in the eastern city of santiago de cuba to request a mass for a dissident arrested earlier in the week , said elizardo sanchez , a leading dissident based in havana .
haneef has been charged with providing support to a terrorist organization .
the south korean foreign ministry said it was confirming whether the reports were true .
the british government , its ministry of defense and its foreign office declined comment on the guardian report .
the sentences follow sharp criticism by human rights groups of iran s use of such punishments .
the coins came from the collection of burbank resident walter j . husak , the owner of an aerospace part manufacturing company .
a man who heckled president bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event . the fired graphic designer said saturday he won t try to get his job back .
the path to is cleared , said stephen schork , publisher of the oil trading newsletter the schork report .
we wanna raise awareness among the americans here so they can understand what s going on , and also call for an anti u . s . support , because it is u . s . planes that are bombing gaza .
there have been no serious accidents to report from our area .
the interior incorporates a horizontal wooden platform which wapenaar says can sleep up to four people .
islamabad , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber sunday struck a bakery on a pakistan army base near the northwestern city of peshawar , killing at least people , according to police .
a similar move was foiled in due to strong protests from the collaborators . the so called committee for the inspection of property of japan collaborators will start the investigation on aug .
superdelegates delegates to the national democratic convention are not selected based on the party primaries and caucuses in each u . s . state , but rather based solely on their status as current or former elected officeholders and party officials .
the kind of anger and resentment domestically in india is pointing the finger at pakistan .
if this proportion seems impressive , it is less so considering the total of contemporary south korean films screened in the festival , where the hd feature ratio drops to little more than percent .
washington recently notified seoul of its position that e passport holders will be able travel to the united states without a visa while those who have ordinary passports will have to get a visa to enter .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports president roh moo hyun played another political wild card yesterday , suggesting he would step down if the pro government uri party failed to acquire due support from voters in next month s general elections .
my client is very clear that there was no discussion by mr . auvinen of his intention to commit a criminal act , he said . i believe that facts will show that mr . auvinen did not own a weapon until after my client was detained .
shortly after the captain reported a fire in the cabin , according to state news agency , xinhua .
flaxseed , flaxseed oil , wheat germ and walnuts are good sources , too , as are dark greens such as spinach and kale .
much of the violence was ethnic , pitting other tribes against kibaki s kikuyu , long resented for their dominance of politics and business here .
this decision is a watershed event because it has forced the bush administration to acknowledge global warming s brutal impacts , said kassie siegel , climate program director at the center for biological diversity .
travelers diseases vaccine
it s coincidence , which pleases shuttle commander pamela melroy and station commander peggy whitson .
under german law , a takeover offer is only mandatory once a shareholder crosses the percent threshold .
cheney , , announced in december that she and her partner of years , heather poe , were starting a family .
german billionaire adolf merckle , one of the richest men in the world , committed suicide monday after his business empire got into trouble in the wake of the international financial crisis , merckle s family said tuesday in a statement .
caucuses are simultaneous meetings held across the state at which voters decide which candidate they will back .
but the storms have worsened in recent days , causing a number of rivers to overflow and unstable areas to collapse in landslides .
austrian authorities told the ap the bag also contained islamic literature .
tourists laze in the sun while locals grab the shade .
aschiana stopped providing food for the children at three of the remaining centers because they couldn t afford it .
the region is still reeling from twisters over the past two days .
the team , which includes several graduate students , found that zebras graze in the open plains during the day , moving slowly in straight lines , while lions rest under trees in wooded areas .
but there is more at stake for nato s only muslim member when it comes to its relations with the u . s .
meng jianzhu , minister of public security , was quoted by the bbc as warning police this week to be fully aware of the challenges brought by the global financial crisis .
the year old prince will learn to fly helicopters and fixed wing aircraft as part of a four month tour with the raf that starts in january .
she has denied any impropriety , saying that she inherited them from her late husband .
getting another stimulus package through congress , either in a lame duck session this month or in january , after he takes office .
discussions are still at a very early stage and the issue of money has never been raised , gallagher said .
more than people have died in factional fighting since the latest flare up began last month
even so , zuma is widely expected to secure the nomination of the party members .
the released money is expected to be spent on legal fees , according to the sources .
he ordered a penalty of euro , , per infraction be applied if the recall is not respected .
the transfer of responsibility for detention operations has not progressed as rapidly as we would like to the iraqis , so there s a need to have that force sustained , as well , ham said .
i m warning you with peace and love i have too much to do . so no more fan mail , thank you , thank you , and no objects to be signed .
the decision puts roh , who was elected as a liberal in , at odds with the liberal united new democratic party and in agreement with the conservative grand national party , at least on this one issue .
one source said russia had some concerns about appointing blair , but russian president vladimir putin personally approved blair s selection . blair refused to acknowledge the appointment when asked about it at a
i just wanted to give them what they wanted .
for instance , she kept one fictional character , schiffer diamond , under wraps for years , never seeing a place where she fit in
what s changed , though , is in the past you had smaller human populations viruses would infect them and go extinct .
world marks end of war to end all wars
sources familiar with the test said researchers changed the operating cycle of the generator , sending it out of control .
riyadh , saudi arabia ap house speaker nancy pelosi said thursday that she raised the issue of saudi arabia s lack of female politicians with saudi government officials on the last stop of her mideast tour .
i employ people hours to protect myself because i don t feel equipped to handle things , she said .
the national assembly wednesday approved president roh moo hyun s nomination of han myeong sook , a two term female lawmaker of the governing uri party , as new prime minister .
lloyd s home was among dozens of homes lost in wildfires in southern california .
but a north korean spokesman said the us had first to lift financial sanctions before talks could go ahead .
it s unclear how much of that sentence he served , but he was still on parole at the time of the alleged las vegas robbery .
until sunday , iran had been the only country not to have announced its participation in the conference .
but the success was shortlived , with geri ginger halliwell leaving in
the wrestling federation , known as fila , suspended ara abrahamian and coach leo myllari and banned sweden s wrestling federation from hosting international events for two years .
the korea times reports the government unveiled a series of ambitious measures to turn the country into an international financial center over the past few years but the hub dream has become a hollow slogan , many international analysts say .
national assembly speaker lim chae jung yesterday exercised his power to bypass a committee session and presented the bills for a floor vote .
gunmen armed with automatic weapons and grenades hit nine sites including the hotels , a cafe , a hospital and a train station in coordinated attacks , police say .
if the suggestion is somehow that . . . she s going to have a better record than i have and will be better able to withstand republican attacks , i think that s an issue that should be tested , the illinois democrat told reporters wednesday .
you re more likely to have an accident .
some have already lost power , and local authorities say diesel and even rice could run out in a matter of days .
hundreds spent the night outside or in shelters in melipeuco , a town of , near the llaima volcano .
the race for market share in china won t end with the olympics
brown told parliament the measures were a response to the attempted terrorist attacks in june in which a group of al qaeda linked foreign born doctors launched unsuccessful attacks in the uk .
it carries a russian , an american , and charles simonyi , an american software billionaire , who s making his second trip to the station as a paying space tourist .
production resumed at iraq s vast southern oil fields after authorities reached an accord with militant shiites who had threatened to attack the country s vital export pipelines for crude .
raj told the court appointed doctors that he underwent gender reassignment surgery when he was after he noticed changes in his voice and began to grow facial hair .
movie based video games are a lot like movie sequels
the minister also claimed his friend had warned him of the bali bombing although there have been two major terrorist attacks on the indonesian island in recent years and he did not specify which one he was referring to .
they are also among the most likely to have university degrees , according to annual education report from the oecd .
kaka led milan to a victory over liverpool in the champions league final last season .
the letter suggests congress pass a resolution insisting that the year old alleged taliban fighter be immediately repatriated to stand trial in australia .
samak sundaravej s people power party ppp won seats in the seat house , short of the needed for an absolute majority .
he had planned to fly over the nevada desert for two to three hours , and was expecting to return for lunch to the minden , nevada , ranch , from which he departed .
the goal is to find ways to link more people to computers and information technology .
erdogan also said the u . s . risked losing an important friend if lawmakers passed a bill declaring as genocide the mass killings of armenians by turks during world war i .
was decisively anti democracy , analyst ahmed bilal mehboob said . it really shattered the hopes .
but eventually customers and the public will demand answers , they say .
the man s father was portuguese , the report said .
bangkok , thailand cnn the karen national union secretary general was shot and killed thursday in what the ethnic rebel group is calling an assassination by the myanmar junta , a knu official told cnn .
the korea times reports the yongi kongju region in south chungchong province reportedly topped the evaluation chart for the new administrative capital relocation project , scoring . points .
initial reports indicate construction workers nearby may have accidentally severed a natural gas line .
europe and bush have been at loggerheads over whether the threat of military action should be included in a new u . n . draft resolution on iraq , and european leaders have also voiced concern about u . s . calls for regime change in iraq .
what influences growth
after yesterday s stunning change of course here in the capital , house financial services committee chair barney frank tells cbs an agreement will depend on house republicans dropping a revolt against president bush , calling the rival plan pitched by conservatives an ambush plan .
another roadside bomb wounded three iraqi civilians when it struck their car in northern baghdad s kasra neighborhood sunday morning , the official said .
japan is reportedly pushing for economic sanctions while china and russia sympathetic to the north oppose any punitive measures .
i knew i had to find out as much info as possible , recalls andersen .
the beads were coated in chemicals which transformed into the banned drug when swallowed .
a security source said one of the police officers was the district police chief .
the united nations and the royal government of cambodia remain actively engaged in efforts to hold the khmer rouge senior leaders and those most responsible accountable for their horrific crimes , he said .
they may not know it , but the mac is back . national polls show obama leading mccain by about percentage points .
they severely reprimanded the kfa and chung during tuesday s inspection , which was the first such occasion for the governing body of south korean football .
they re not the exception , it turns out . in their book , america against the world , pew research center president andrew kohut and journalist bruce stokes say it s more often u . s . leaders who want to impose american values in other countries not the american people .
hezbollah s leader , hassan nasrallah , vowed the group would continue its rocket attacks on israel .
amin s main complaint , however , was the portrayal of kay amin , the dictator s fourth wife .
though brief , the scene left a good impression on him .
here s another irony
the tourism industry is worth percent of the economy and employs about a million people , with suvarnabhumi handling million passengers and three million tonnes of cargo per year .
escude has a groin injury and thuram has an ankle problem , the fff said .
islamic militants overran a border fort in northwestern pakistan during a pitched battle wednesday , killing seven pakistani troops and leaving more than a dozen unaccounted for , a military spokesman said .
david watts , who faces animal cruelty charges , kept about of the animals in his crumbling house in apex , a raleigh suburb , police said . he lives upstairs and the sheep were living downstairs , police sgt . robert towell said .
the fair trade commission earlier this year fined kt and hanaro telecom billion won and . billion won respectively for fixing charges on local calls and private cables for internet cafes .
fortis bank beat out competing bids to win the rights to emit , metric tons , u . s . tons of carbon dioxide with an offer of . per metric ton , the exchange said in statement .
it was a very stupid thing to do and i ve learned my lesson , simple as that really , he said in a september interview with britain s press association , marking his st birthday .
paul harvey used his staccato style delivery to tell all kinds of stories
the korea herald reports negotiations for the release of south koreans in afghanistan extended to another day yesterday amid conflicting news reports on what the militant group responsible is demanding in exchange for the hostages .
uribe weighed more than pounds as an adolescent , and he just kept growing .
it also illustrates chinese erotic foot binding and ancient korean worship for a penis shaped rock believed to help women bear boys .
such is the secrecy surrounding the plot of the film that the four actresses sarah jessica parker , cynthia nixon , kim cattrall and kristin davis will give a speech before the curtain goes up monday asking the audience , not to disclose the plot , london s daily telegraph reports .
there is a problem of credibility here , royal said , often interrupting sarkozy during quickfire exchanges on a range of issues from the economy to security , from nuclear energy to pensions .
in china , land use rights are distinct from land ownership
industrial production had fallen . in february .
stockhausen , who gained fame through his avant garde works in the s and s and later moved into composing works for huge theaters and other projects , died wednesday , germany s music academy said , citing members of his family .
in the last six weeks , the rivalry between the two candidates has gained pace despite the fact that no states have been voting .
uri party lawmakers have begun to call more openly for the chief s scalp .
the world bank says the global carbon market where government and industry limits on carbon dioxide emissions are traded like credits tripled from . billion in to . billion last year .
u . s . authorities arrested six people wednesday on suspicion of smuggling african elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , law enforcement officials said .
we re not aware of anything .
richey pleaded no contest to attempted involuntary manslaughter , child endangering .
the year old man told police that he and combs had been arguing over a woman before combs punched him in the face , the officials said .
he adds education and housing to the priorities that should come ahead of iraq .
we really proved that democracy can work and freedom can prevail , saakashvili , the hero of georgia s rose revolution in , told cnn in an interview monday .
while ascribing the latest u . s . move to its urgent needs due to the worsening situation in iraq , foreign minister ban ki moon also admitted that the troop reduction was , in part , in line with the pentagon plan to realign its forces under gpr so they can better adapt to the changing security environment .
a government report has proposed the creation of a new public broadcaster , to be named the hong kong public broadcasting corporation , to satisfy the need for public service broadcasting .
most women will admit they like to celebrate , but a fancy night on the town isn t necessary .
the emergency measure was the federal reserve s biggest interest rate cut in since .
hong kong , china cnn back in the good old days of the internet , the hacker was a teenager motivated by high tech pranks and bragging rights .
it s incomprehensible that while the option of abortion is provided for and recognized by the national health system and facilitated by accredited clinics , authorities allow the persecution of women and professionals involved , it said .
the north had refrained from commenting on the new south korean administration , a rare move that many north korea experts said was aimed at cementing ties with the south to sustain south korean backed cross border projects agreed upon during the second inter korean summit in october last year .
and two longtime actors who had never been nominated for oscars year old ruby dee and hal holbrook , soon to turn also both received recognition for their supporting performances in american gangster and into the wild , respectively .
vatican media are singing the praises of the musical legacy of the beatles and sounding philosophical about john lennon s boast that the british band was more popular than jesus .
the trip the first by a high ranking u . s . official since october came amid growing optimism that north korea may finally be ready to take concrete steps toward fulfilling a promise to dismantle its nuclear programs .
the report cited several weaknesses among the militants that can be exploited , including political disagreements within the ranks .
russia and iran signed a nuclear fuel supply deal long opposed by washington sunday , paving the way for iran to start up its first atomic reactor next year .
correspondents say pyongyang often alleges that spying flights are taking place the us does not comment .
the chapel of sacred mirrors , a manhattan temple , art gallery and sideshow , dedicated to new age neo pagan beliefs and psychedelic art , is ending .
mount everest has always attracted record setters , including the oldest climber years old , the youngest climber years old , the first climber with one foot and the first blind climber .
on sunday he was taken to yangon the former burmese capital of rangoon where one western diplomat described the scene as bizarrely normal , dismal .
however , he went on to say that britain was among a number of countries that were not taking the issue of global terrorism seriously .
unrest has spread to baghdad .
a source tells the associated press justice david souter is hanging up his robe at the end of this term .
forty one percent of clinton supporters said they d cast their vote for john mccain , the presumptive republican nominee , and percent said they would not vote at all .
the president is expected to make a statement about the attacks when he returns to the whitehouse this afternoon .
we are just trying to ask just one question
france has lagged behind many of its european neighbors in bringing in legislation to curb smoking in public places .
the next day , another rabbit was decapitated and left in the same pen .
the visit entailed the largest us presence in the reclusive state since the end of the korean war .
yet the inoculation program did not result in an overall savings to the company because the expense of the vaccinations was greater than the savings in preventing disease and keeping employees on the job .
at a campaign stop at a general motors corp . plant in youngstown , ohio , the senator from new york accused obama of caving in to special interests .
a man angry that a family was talking during a movie threw popcorn at the son and then shot the father in the arm , according to police in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
organizers estimated that , people attended the vigil on thursday night .
the tribes along the pipelines have been aware of and have helped facilitate smuggling activities , he said .
considering other procedures , it will take about days to finish the probe .
that s up from , last year .
eastwood returns with changeling , a child abduction drama starring jolie , while soderbergh is showing che , his two part epic on revolutionary che guevara , featuring benicio del toro .
his populist approach has won him support among anc rank and file , comparing favorably with mbeki s style of leadership , which is seen by many party members as autocratic and aloof .
he s set to be introduced by the galaxy on friday , and to make his playing debut in a friendly match against chelsea on july in carson , california .
pakistan s army says it is closing in on the swat valley s main town as it works to weed out entrenched taliban militants .
if you try to control a meme , so enjoy it without ego and let it take itself wherever it wants to go .
to the untrained eye sumo is just two fat men in loin cloths getting physical
lunch for two is a showcase of elegant minimalism
with their fourth championship since and third in five years the spurs joined the boston celtics , los angeles lakers and chicago bulls as the only teams in nba history to win four titles .
the film , which is directed by barry levinson , tells the story of two weeks in the life of a nail biting middle aged hollywood producer who is desperately trying to balance a set of outrageous crises in his day job with an equally complicated private life .
i wasn t really sure what i wanted to sing about , sparks said , but i knew what i didn t want to sing about .
we are still in the process of sorting that out and determining if the properties that were taken were on the turnover agreement that the courts issued in california . that is still in the process of being worked out .
senators rejected a motion to take the bill to a final vote meaning action on the planned law is now unlikely until the presidential poll in .
the act is not thought to have been used against government critics since .
four army personnel were killed in the bombing of a bus in rawalpindi on monday .
the report was submitted to arroyo last month but the government has not made it public , saying it was incomplete .
patrick henry tells the virginia provincial convention
the object moved erratically from side to side , up and down and to and fro , not venturing far from its original position , the officers wrote .
students said they took cover in closets after the school principal announced a code blue on the intercom .
holding an intricately woven palm frond , benedict opened the palm sunday celebration by processing through the sun filled st . peter s square and up the steps of the basilica .
we were lucky .
he said he could see the smoke from his silver lake home sunday morning . it looked like a bomb had exploded , he said .
it is not proper for the outgoing premier to make recommendations in light of the constitutional spirit of naming of cabinet members , goh said .
he said that s why the united nations backed organization is urging governments to ban all tobacco advertising , because when one form of advertising is banned , the tobacco industry simply shifts its vast resources to another channel , including movies , magazines , sports venues and music .
but choking traffic and rising gas prices have changed that , she said .
british and international media including cnn had agreed not to report harry s deployment because of security concerns for him and his unit .
the government has put down more than , proposed names in a page book that it has offered to beijing hotels , according to state media .
like galuyev , tens of thousands of chechens are afraid to return to their homeland , where air strikes , artillery barrages and rebel attacks break out daily , but are under pressure to leave their camps .
police said holmes died in an altercation with another man , but refused to disclose who the other party was or whether they were arguing about the music , saying the matter was still under investigation .
the diego boats had been identified during retroactive testing on items that had been set aside after august s recalls , according mattel spokesperson lisa marie bongiovanni .
cedric vasseur clinched the host country s first win in this year s tour de france with victory on the . km th stage on wednesday .
henin was the dominant player in the women s game last year , winning of tournaments , including two grand grand slams and became the first player in history to win more than million in a season .
the violent demonstrators in the northern city of kaduna burned churches and rampaged through the streets until hundreds of soldiers were deployed to restore calm and enforce a dusk to dawn curfew .
but just down the road , we hear a different story at the area research center .
rikki was found dead in the shaft .
the comments came a day after the government announced a . percent increase in its defense budget the biggest jump in more than a decade .
it said the aircraft carried passengers and seven crew .
odell , , died wednesday when a power failure shut off electricity to the tube and stopped the pump drawing air into her lungs .
there is a bladder , or a water source , above the head with water pouring down on the mouth , so no water is going into your mouth , but it induces a gag reflex and makes you feel like you re choking , kiriakou said .
the scale of koeman s task was underlined as it took real only seconds to make the breakthrough as brazilian robinho finished a mazy run to set up raul for the opener .
almost , people will die this year of hiv aids in myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased , according to a new report .
when asked about the latest british concerns , the chinese foreign ministry referred back to a statement made by their spokesman qin gang in july who said china s arms exports were carried out in strict accordance with our law and our international obligations .
that might develop from this research could be at least years away .
the broadcasting of such a contest , requiring the removal of bras by young women , has a negative influence on young impressionable listeners , the statement said .
yahoo has disappointed investors in five of the last six quarters and seen its share price drop roughly percent since the start of .
there is no mention of how many weapons north korea has or where they are hidden .
gene targeting has pervaded all fields of biomedicine .
lives down there in the basement .
taiwan still bans full direct contact with china , which views the self governing island as a breakaway province that must be reunified with the mainland , by force if necessary .
enchautegui was shot in the chest by armento when he interrupted the alleged robbery , but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying .
he s now back in korea working but isn t ruling out the possibility of returning to hollywood .
in his blog , grylls said the aim of his expedition in antarctica
lawmakers rejected an amendment by the conservative european people s party that said there was limited hard evidence the government of then prime minister silvio berlusconi was aware of the abduction of hassan mustafa osama nasr , known as abu omar .
we will frame it in a consultative fashion with communities , and that may take some time .
legislators will vote on a non binding resolution opposing president george w bush s decision to send extra troops .
police said fritzl confessed to keeping his daughter elisabeth in the basement for more than two decades , where he repeatedly raped her and fathered seven children with her
i have people who loved her , sniffed krista barth , attorney for stern .
president roh moo hyun called on the nation to consider a proposed constitutional amendment that would allow future presidents two consecutive four year terms .
during their year marriage , brown was arrested for drugs and alcohol , and houston twice entered drug rehab programs .
about , people mostly tech insiders , journalists and bloggers are expected to attend the show .
maybe they the taliban did not achieve all that they demanded , but they achieved a lot
the country s real gross domestic product gdp grew percent from a year ago during the january march period .
this is not something that is a mechanical error . this is an accident .
we are urging baa to resolve these issues as soon as possible , she said .
new york cnn anthony bourdain suffered quietly as he dined on wart hog encrusted with sand , fur and fecal bacteria in the african country of namibia .
with the publication of the report on tuesday , japan s prime minister yasuo fukuda said he now considered the issue closed and urged japan and south korea to look to the future .
president roh moo hyun yesterday arrived in athens , the first leg of a day tour aimed at boosting korea s ties with europe , cheong wa dae said .
villagers complained about lack of government help and suggested the official death toll estimates were far lower than the reality they see , according to cnn s cal perry who arrived there tuesday .
it was like he killed somebody , braunstein s father , alberto braunstein , said after the sentencing . but defense attorney robert gottlieb said
nine americans and one russian will share thanksgiving aboard the international space station tomorrow .
but the waterfront is what really makes genoa work .
the rare meeting between the two key and most cynical players in the nuclear drama highlighted the flurry of bilateral meetings among the member countries that also include south korea , china , japan and russia .
the province of zhejiang bore the first brunt of wipha .
van basten announced this week that the real madrid striker would be his undisputed first choice striker and after minutes van nistelrooy put the dutch ahead after a fluent combination between wesley sneijder and robben .
a grown man wearing a diaper is spun around until he can barely stand , then is made to try an obstacle course carrying pitchers of milk without spilling any .
the committee announced plans for renowned spanish tenor placido domingo to sing the lyrics on monday .
hotz made the deal with terry daidone , co founder of certicell , who also promised the teen a paid consulting job .
the students , ages to , died thursday night when a gunman armed with an automatic weapon and a handgun slipped into the school and began shooting .
the president says he is not certain whether democracy will survive in iraq and he said he is willing to ask for an additional billion in bailout money if president elect obama wishes .
detailed , official measurements have not been made .
north korea s official korean central news agency reported that bush s personal letter was delivered wednesday by u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill to north korean foreign minister pak ui chun during hill s trip to pyongyang .
nalbandian will now play third seed novak djokovic , who defeated mario ancic , in his first semifinal of the year .
at least people died in rocket and mortar fire apparently aimed at baghdad s green zone .
the smart is expected to get at least miles per gallon .
the nuclear reactor on the submarine was not damaged in that accident .
bringing forward the general election will reduce uncertainty , bulent arinc , a senior ak party member and parliamentary speaker , told a news conference . the decision will meet our people s expectation for trust and stability .
the associated press has learned that peanuts exported by a georgia company blamed for a deadly salmonella outbreak were returned to the us from canada weeks before the scare
our hope is that he will restore democracy as quickly as possible , president bush said monday after a white house meeting with turkey s prime minister .
authorities were planning to retake the remote area .
that has fed a fear among governments that information would take on a more sinister , even subversive aspect .
odyssey had said it believed those coins also could fetch more than us million .
cnn software giant microsoft said friday it had made an unsolicited offer to buy internet search engine operator yahoo ! with a cash and stock bid worth . billion .
retailers know that even though black friday sales and traffic were strong , many people are still being very careful about how they re spending their money , and the next few weeks will be challenging .
the first ever communication test to set up their permanent hotline comes two days after military officials from the two koreas signed an agreement on concrete measures to prevent any recurrence of naval skirmishes and ease tension along the world s last cold war frontier .
a prolonged housing slump , a severe credit crisis and soaring energy costs have pushed the economy to the edge of a recession .
numerous theories have been advanced , including that he was killed in an avalanche , or simply died of exhaustion .
holly hunter is well known for playing women teetering on the edge be it the wacky babynapper in raising arizona , the high strung producer in broadcast news or her oscar winning role as the mute bride in the piano .
north korean experts have speculated one of her sons with kim , jong chol , is first in line to succeed his father .
internet users did some of their buying online this year , versus a fifth of them last year .
japan checks train driver s qualification process after devastating train crash .
press reports said northern rock was preparing itself for a sell off .
disgraced former philippine president joseph estrada has been granted an official pardon by his successor , a government spokesman has confirmed .
professor hwang woo suk was chairman of the world stem cell hub , which opened this month , based in seoul .
white and his colleagues assigned the new creatures to a subspecies of homo sapiens they named homo sapiens idaltu idaltu meaning elder in the afar language .
the sarkozy family was vacationing in new hampshire at the time .
centre right leader silvio berlusconi warned of difficult months ahead as he declared a decisive victory in italy s general election .
gordon kept that order in effect during another emergency hearing last week .
the office of the anti doping power of attorney has listened today to ivan basso . . . and he has widely admitted his own responsibilities relative to operation puerto and has supplied the maximum collaboration in order to clear up the relative facts of his involvement , a statement on coni s website said .
one hour after the quake struck , there were no signs of seismically triggered waves .
she said the move has totally stalled talks on a power sharing deal with pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf .
if knut would live outdoors , this wouldn t be so bad he would simply build up his fat reserves for the winter , he said .
using a telescope or binoculars help bring the comet s details into view , they said .
maria sharapova expects to be back on the tennis tour at the start of and defend her australian open title after being sidelined since july with an injured right shoulder .
at birth
the beef patty is also a favorite , aylward says .
keep in mind there may not be a kid certified er within a reasonable distance from your home .
the army is back in the barracks but its soldiers are still keeping guard and remain on the lookout , said dogu ergil of ankara university .
french author jean marie gustave le clezio has won this year s nobel prize for literature , the nobel foundation announced thursday .
thanks to all who are praying for our family . we are very happy to be parents .
even hitler didn t wake up going , let me do the most evil thing i can do today . i think he woke up in the morning and using a twisted , backwards logic , he set out to do what he thought was good .
they need cash , just like so much other parts of the economy do .
meanwhile , tributes flowed in from all over the world for woolmer .
mugabe , zimbabwe s president for years and under pressure on diplomatic and domestic fronts to resolve the crisis , initially planned to attend the summit , but did not .
historians estimate that the imperial japanese army forced around , women from across the far east to work as sex slaves in military brothels during world war ii .
president roh will not take disciplinary action in connection with the case of kim sun il until the investigation is complete .
more than million people died during the party s efforts to transform cambodia into an agrarian utopia before troops from neighboring vietnam overthrew the regime .
all three are from the eastern european nation of lithuania but had been living in atlanta , georgia , authorities said .
officials , however , said they would distribute copies to journalists on thursday following widespread criticism from foreign diplomats and alston .
goulet played sir lancelot , the arrogant french knight who falls in love with guenevere .
earlier this month , negotiations resumed without success .
a nebula is an immense cloud of hot interstellar gas and dust .
investigators say islamic militants acting in the name of the al qaeda terror group carried out the train bombings .
public pressure is mounting in turkey for the government to authorise a major strike against kurdistan workers party pkk fighters accused of mounting attacks against turkish forces and civilians from bases across the border in iraq s semi autonomous kurdish region .
president roh moo hyun s spokesman cheon ho seon indicated that roh will accept the resignation , indicating that he was to be dismissed for his mishandling of confidential information .
geneva the most common type of gorilla is now critically endangered , one step away from global extinction , according to the red list of threatened species released wednesday by the world conservation union .
he also fined him the equivalent of , .
so , no , we re not worried about it , whitson said in a news conference with the person shuttle station crew .
but the united nations estimated it has nevertheless affected . million people and damaged or destroyed a quarter of a million homes .
it wasn t quite the end of prohibition , and it wasn t quite beer , but after thirsty years , it was close enough .
the rio de janeiro health ministry said of its , cases of dengue were that of dengue hemorrhagic fever .
not all of the old economy companies are doing well .
alberto gilardino and clarence seedorf scored twice each for the home side , who bounced back from the defeat away to celtic and sunday s reverse against empoli in italy s serie a .
so any electronic device armed with a chip ages quickly .
practice therapeutic lifestyle changes
the kremlin forced shell and its japanese partners in april to cede control of sakhalin , the world s biggest liquefied natural gas project , to russia s state gas giant gazprom at what analysts considered a knockdown price .
the longest waiting heir in british history only ascends to the throne when his mother dies or decides to step down .
in january , afghanistan appointed an independent committee to establish rules and methods for the loya jirga .
as the president seeks tax cuts and a contentious cross country canal project , his party claims that he needs to get solid support from the legislative body .
whatever the reason , it s keeping corinne dinsfriend in business .
i m happy to get a pr personal record , and it feels great to go into the world championships half a second faster than all the rest , he said .
it is believed that other countries involved in the talks will not want to see the entire deal collapse just because of a delayed bank transfer .
johnston , who had no prior criminal record , and her parents asked cobb county superior court judge mary staley not to send her to prison .
busan , south korea s second largest city , won the right to host next year s asia pacific economic cooperation summit on monday .
the researchers said they believe these are the first studies to show a link between decaf coffee and rheumatoid arthritis .
managing director john russell said the company s dozen workers tried to rescue the salmon , but their three boats struggled for hours to push their way through the mass of jellyfish .
obama said the country s first priority should be to end the war in iraq .
cnn two british soldiers were killed and another soldier and an interpreter were wounded in a bomb blast wednesday in the helmand province of afghanistan , britain s defense ministry said .
the redmond , washington based software company said thursday it will ensure open connections to its high volume products by publishing technical information about them on its web site .
this book constitutes wholesale theft of years of my hard work , she testified monday .
while grubb said it was his understanding the stone had been appraised at million , the value is unclear .
hudson , , won a best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal of effie in the film version of the broadway musical dreamgirls .
schools might be interested in using the robot to introduce the basics of robotics and programming .
of course eye contact is not forbidden .
we set several deadlines and the afghan government did not pay attention to our deadlines , taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi was quoted as telling afp .
browne , who has spent his entire professional life working for bp , denied any allegations of misconduct , saying they were misleading and erroneous claims .
his trip home was less fun
wen , , was appointed on march and took office immediately , taking charge of an economy that is jerking forward in fits and starts after two decades of economic restructuring started by the late deng xiaoping .
in it had risen to billion gallons .
early daylight savings time , more reruns , bad shows , more shows being recorded or downloaded or streamed .
we re back to were we were last week before the rally , said kazuhiro takahashi , general manager at daiwa securities .
and let s say there were no major mistakes by either candidate , sarah palin and joe biden .
a french human rights official who s black , says the election of the first african american president is the fall of the berlin wall , times ten .
during the medal ceremony , the armenian born wrestler took the bronze medal from his neck and dropped it on the mat as he walked away .
the video shows dziekanski , who had never flown before , becoming agitated .
the un secretary general has said he believes that un peacekeeping forces will have to return to east timor , just a year after they were withdrawn .
nairobi , kenya cnn young men armed with machetes hurled stones at police who fired back tear gas in a slum in kenya s capital thursday , but most of the country was quiet as opposition protests over a disputed presidential election appeared to lose steam .
all done up right before your eyes and not handed to you in a plastic wrapper by a disinterested year old .
on saturday , leaders agreed on the need for action to tackle climate change .
six men were arrested on suspicion of section assault .
the sale cannot occur without congressional approval as well as legislative action in many of the other nations that are members of the washington based lending institution .
cyclist alessandro petacchi spent two hours with italian anti doping officials on monday in a bid to explain why he tested for excessive
they seek to conceal their criminal activities by using third party computers as vehicles for their crimes .
henin eventually won an epic battle on her fifth match point , breaking after sharapova netted a drop shot .
it just fell right into the river .
gonzales , the nation s top law enforcement officer , has faced numerous calls to resign over the affair .
ronaldo was widely quoted during a turbulent summer that he was keen to play for real and it appeared only a matter of time before the move became a reality , but now the year old is pledging loyalty to the old trafford faithful .
north korea is likely to face a shortfall of more than , metric tons of food this year due to recent heavy floods , in spite of massive outside aid , a u . s . government funded radio station reported tuesday .
the top u . s . military officer in south korea reaffirmed yesterday that united states forces korea has no nuclear weapons on the korean peninsula since washington fully supports the inter korean denuclearization accord .
the ruling came after a petition was filed last month by lee s relatives who sought an injunction against the law after special prosecutor chung ho young was appointed to investigate his alleged role in stock price rigging by a former business partner , kim kyung joon .
lee also determined to give his north korean son a better life .
the woman s sentence provoked outrage in the west and cast light on the treatment of women under saudi arabian law .
the force will be discussed at crisis talks to be held in rome on wednesday .
half of it s just getting to talk to people you would never meet otherwise .
seoul court turned down a prosecution request to arrest a key korean executive of lone star , the texas based buyout fund .
but many in the gop fiercely oppose those proposals , labeling any legalization plan as amnesty .
scurrying to enhance the stained national image and weak influence in the united nations because of heavy arrears , the korean government is pushing to expand its participation in the world body s peacekeeping operations , government officials said .
the armistice line was drawn with the agreement of all concerned parties , but the nll was unilaterally drawn without any agreement , roh said in a lunch he hosted to brief leaders of the five political parties on the results of the inter korean summit in pyongyang last week .
in an attempt to shore up crumbling negotiations on ending north korea s nuclear weapons program , a u . s . envoy traveled to both tokyo and seoul for a meeting with top diplomats .
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of richard chit , peter hausmann , greg jolstad , vera peck , christina sacorafas , sadia adam sahal , hannah sahal and scott sathers as they anxiously await any news , the police statement said .
the study also noted that a third of all online shoppers bought gifts from computers at work .
waking up in the morning and looking out the window to see those animals walk through the streets .
we are glad for the decision , the baby s grandfather , vernon norton , told the south african press association , adding that the family hoped rodrigues would be sentenced to life in prison at the next hearing in june .
researchers are already exploring ways to put caffeine in nutrition bars or chewing gum as alternatives to coffee , archibald said .
snow himself is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver .
that was the only part that was really controversial , because i do think there are a lot of challenges that single parents face , but at the same time i felt i was capable of handling those challenges , he said .
the defense ministry said thursday it will adopt a french style military reform , which calls for a reduction in troop size , among other measures .
you have to figure out which hospital in your area is the most child friendly .
the flight was the first mission for all three space travelers .
tourist numbers are rising to antarctica even though this is a high priced vacation .
at a news conference monday in reno , nevada , obama said that he is concerned about the tenor the campaign has taken in the last couple days .
clinton trails by delegates , but delegates are up for grabs next tuesday .
president lee myung bak and japanese prime minister yasuo fukuda agreed monday to expand youth exchanges as the leaders of the asian countries resumed regular talks , which were suspended in in a dispute over a tokyo war shrine .
in a separate attack on memorial day , two other u . s . soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb while conducting a combat security patrol in southern baghdad , the u . s . military said .
i trust them more . they don t get all girly and mean . girls have drama .
now , three months ahead of the summer tournament , trezeguet has another chance to stake his claim .
phoenix landed a month ago to study the habitability of mars northern latitudes .
factories in the province of guangzhou shut down wednesday ahead of the february holiday with workers joining the masses around the train station hoping the government would deliver on its promise of quick action and immediate relief for those trying to make it home .
suppose that the government is having a war on terror , that doesn t mean they should kill half of the people on the street , he said in a reference to palestinian civilians crammed into the nahr el bared camp .
it s ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , tata said .
cnn talked to the mine s director who acknowledged environmental issues with the mine , but said it wasn t a problem that could be solved overnight .
up to the minute in some cases
i made it clear to congress and to the american people that i will not allow our nation to cross this moral line .
the two apples have also had a long legal battle over copyright to the name and logo .
our nation has been watching the behavior of those separatists who can t embrace turkey s unitary nature , and centers of evil that systematically try to corrode the secular nature of the turkish republic , said general yasar buyukanit in a note , posted on the military s web site .
animal shelters say black dogs of all sizes are difficult to photograph for online listings , and are hard to spot against the shadows of their crates and cages in dimly lighted kennels .
authorities are questioning a couple at the tracey home where the boy says he was being held .
the widening wealth gap could lead to a rise in birth rates , zhang weiqing , from the national population and family planning commission , told state media .
tigers are universally threatened , with only about still living in vietnam , the world wildlife fund said .
findings from an inquiry by the house senate joint intelligence committee money from the saudi arabian government could have made its way to the two hijackers president bush signed into law legislation creating a cabinet level department of homeland security a move that sets into motion the largest reorganization of the federal government in about half a century .
brazil stung argentina with a fourth minute goal from julio baptista then argentina captain roberto ayala , making his th appearance , put through his own goal before halftime .
isn t no the hardest word to say ?
but he never patented the idea , prompting a essay that he subtitled , how i lost a billion dollars in my spare time .
the supreme court has ordered a federal appeals court to consider reinstating a , fine imposed on cbs by the fcc .
ehud olmert s comments at the start of his weekly cabinet meeting come after the latest round of fighting between the jewish state and militants in neighboring gaza .
days after he officially jumped into the republican race for the white house , former tennessee sen . fred thompson finds himself in a statistical dead heat with rudy giuliani , according to a cnn opinion research corp . poll released tuesday .
but we made it clear during the talks that there will be no additional negotiations once the agreement is reached , song told the national assembly committee on unification , foreign and trade affairs .
we must stress our common humanity and uphold respect for human rights and the dignity of others .
number two oklahoma , third ranked georgia play tomorrow evening , a new poll comes out on sunday .
he said five rebels were killed and one member of the iraqi security forces was injured .
democrat barack obama has a number of stops in ohio today , including a visit with the boss
that has meant less people were driving .
police brought her in the previous friday and issued her with a caution for assault after winehouse admitted slapping a man in a camden bar in north london .
johannesburg , south africa cnn tens of thousands of striking miners took to the streets in johannesburg tuesday in a protest over safety levels in the industry .
if someone is not in good shape you know and they are in the public gym and they re not performing well it s an uncomfortable feeling .
according to the united nation conference on trade and development unctad last week , south korea placed th out of countries in terms of fdi this year , down from th in .
korean american rookie christina kim was th at over , three strokes ahead of gloria park in the nd .
bobby kennedy , jr . , says his cousin caroline is ready for a bigger stage .
at the sunday news conference , a civil affairs ministry official said rescue workers have pulled alive , people from the rubble of the may earthquake .
according to the sun , madonna had wanted to wait until the end of her sticky and sweet global tour before announcing the news .
analysts say that still smells of recession it s actually down from the week before , and less than economists feared .
manufacturing contracted in april .
it was an all night party in pittsburgh , where steelers fans went wild after their team s record th super bowl championship .
the transformation of america , .
during the minute meeting , the two leaders are said to have also talked about a free trade agreement fta between the two sides to promote bilateral trade .
don t count andy key as one of those elvis presley fanatics who insist the king never died .
meaning darrell hammond had to hang out with the guy he impersonated .
on wednesday night , cheney launched a scathing attack on politicians who had accused the administration of manipulating intelligence .
identified as client in court documents , spitzer is alleged to have met dupre at the mayflower hotel in washington last month .
global climate change , nasa s eyes on the earth provides up to date
about divers from local counties did a bank to bank search thursday afternoon and found vehicles , including an wheeler , said lynn schwartz , communication specialist for the bridge collapse command center .
critics have said the tradition violates both international and nepalese laws on child rights .
contestants from all states and the district of columbia were competing to succeed miss usa tara conner , who entered rehab after accounts surfaced suggesting she was drinking at new york clubs .
the fine is the second largest criminal anti trust penalty in us history , and the largest for five years .
she said obama learned of her death around a . m .
in her ruling , judge sarah bradley told them that the victim probably agreed to have sex with all of you .
thousands more accompanied the ousted prime minister as his motorcade inched its way through the city centre .
whoever set off the bombs will be brought to justice , indian foreign minister pranab mukherjee said .
yet , for some reason , genoa slips under the radar of many guidebooks .
lee hahn koo of the main opposition grand national party told a parliamentary interpellation session yesterday that the credit defaulter problems still pose a threat to the economy , while the government is no longer publishing statistics on credit defaulters .
once in myanmar , gambari was taken to the isolated bunker like capital naypyidaw for talks with senior government officials in hopes of finding a peaceful resolution to the ongoing clashes .
the decision , which effectively dissolves prime minister somchai wongsawat s government , follows months of opposition protests in bangkok that have driven government officials from their offices and shut down the city s major airport for a week .
straightforward account of the break up , blaming the prince s increasing commitment to an army career .
korea s political parties and legal experts generally agreed that the nominees were an uncontroversial group of moderate conservatives .
the controllers have alleged that poor working conditions and inadequate training are putting the public at risk .
wearable technology is coming through into useful everyday clothing more than it is on the catwalk . the catwalk still treats wearable tech as flashing earrings or sensational things , mccann says .
u . s . immigration authorities denied the visa because george , , faces trial in november in london on charges of false imprisonment relating to an april incident , according to a statement from boy george s management , posted on his site .
in january , a year old woman was arrested after she confessed to killing her husband , dismembering him with a saw and dumping body parts around tokyo .
white house spokesman tony snow said a story in the new york times about a proposed gradual withdrawal of forces in high casualty neighborhoods in baghdad and other cities is way ahead of the facts .
according to israel s haaretz newspaper , the refugees were arrested friday evening as they tried to cross from egypt into israel .
meet paris hilton , grown up .
is under investigation on charges of stock market manipulation , the company said .
on april , jack cafferty , a commentator on cnn s situation room program , used the term goons and thugs while describing the conditions in china years ago .
in addition , chief financial officer clive standish will retire .
the s p fell . to , . and the nasdaq dropped . to , . . korean analysts say the main kospi will have a hard time retaining the , mark this week .
north korea s mangyongbong ferry , which runs between wonsan and niigata , japan , and is the main communications link between the countries , was stopped this morning from entering its port of call in northern japan .
the trial could begin by the end of january , ondracek said .
to the best the family s knowledge there is absolutely nothing to suggest bob was involved in match fixing , his wife and sons said in a statement .
referee carlos clos gomez handed out cards , four of them red as both sides finished with nine men .
police said a downpour of rain has helped to contain the bees in and around the truck .
you have to remember that it was an airplane falling out of the sky , irwin said after visiting the scene .
he said such a move might be necessary to ensure congressional oversight of the bush administration .
we have a daughter who lives in anchorage and she does some of our shopping , said natalie baumgartner , , city administrator in mcgrath , a town of on the iditarod trail .
another year old man arrested in liverpool on sunday remains in custody at a merseyside police station .
van sant doesn t offer any reasons for why school violence happens
they no longer go to the small italian restaurants but to the big and bright places .
since shoppers typically stock up on their pasta , buying multiple packages at a time to always have it on hand , the impact of the strike was mostly symbolic .
the ministry of health and welfare released a list of local hospitals and clinics thursday that are over prescribing antibiotics to patients , drawing an angry response from doctors .
a category hurricane has winds between mph , storm surges to feet above normal and generally causes extensive damage to shoreline homes , according to the saffir simpson hurricane scale .
the statement said the comment made us doubt the sincerity of japan s repeated apologies for its wartime past .
the sweeps were conducted in cities nationwide over the past five days , authorities said .
inflation in china continues to rise despite higher interest rates and other measures by beijing to keep the economy from overheating .
he was among more than climbers to reach the summit that day the largest number ever in a single day from the nepalese side of the peak .
a spokesperson for the year old prince says he is very disappointed by the decision .
at the end of the struggle , the military government of chun doo hwan had to give way to democratic elections .
abu obeida , a spokesman for hamas military wing , warned israel that izzedine al qassam brigades will continue rocket strikes for many months and vowed to strike deeper into israeli territory .
more than , protesters have surrounded the prime minister s office in thailand , demanding the government resign .
apple inc . said monday its online stores in the u . s . and uk are sold out of the iphone , a sign supplies are being winnowed ahead of the launch of the device s next generation featuring faster internet surfing speeds .
the department of paintings at the louvre museum in paris and restoration and research experts from the museums of france discovered the images this year on the back of the painting the virgin and child with st . anne , the louvre said in a news release thursday .
the obama camp also cited former president bill clinton s million payout from supermarket holding company yucaipa as a reason why the couple should release the documents .
the elder garriott , who watched tuesday s docking at russia s mission control , flew in on skylab , a u . s . forerunner of the international space station .
polanski , , has chosen to live in exile since fleeing the united states in after pleading guilty to having sex with a year old girl .
while europe is vast and varied , tour groups zero in on relatively few destinations .
tom and jerry hate each other .
the golden king and the great pharaohs , presented by emory university s michael c . carlos museum , premieres in the united states on november at the atlanta civic center .
the gunman s victims include five women and three men , warren said .
the blaze broke out on the third floor of the ljubica ivezic orphanage in downtown sarajevo around a . m . and rapidly spread to three rooms where the babies were sleeping , according to the sarajevo fire brigade .
the landscape was formed million years ago , when a series of glacial advances and retreats scooped out north south river valleys to form the deep basins that became the lakes .
the news out of the us economy continues to be bad , and people are looking with some optimism that china might be able to take up some of the slack from the slowdown in the us economy .
new delhi deputy mayor s . s . bajwa was rushed to a hospital after the attack by a gang of rhesus macaques , but succumbed to head injuries sustained in his fall , the press trust of india news agency and the times of india reported .
as the eight hour long cabinet meeting broke up , israeli tanks and bulldozers began tearing down the fences and walls surrounding the ramallah headquarters of arafat , and injuring more than after causing massive damage to the capital city .
during the same period , china s economy expanded . percent , while india posted a . percent gain , singapore . percent and taiwan . percent .
unicef says since the start of the war in march , nearly percent of iraq s total population has fled their homes .
feed her under the table , tilly has always been a happy dog during the season of giving .
parker was scheduled to appear saturday in bond court in suburban markham , illinois .
that is because the rats feed on eggs , chicks and adult seabirds , which come to the mostly treeless island to nest on the ground or in crevices in the volcanic rock .
the landing dubbed the seven minutes of terror was a nerve wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions .
under the plan , the imf would sell the tons , or nearly million ounces , of gold for about billion over several years .
i m as proud today as my mother would have been , said joey luft , the son of judy garland .
kandahar government spokesman parwaz ayoubi gave different figures on the number of girls injured , saying six were burned , one of them severely .
none of the eleven denied crimes had been committed , but some , including aziz , denied they were directly to blame . an angry and defiant saddam hussein appeared before an iraqi judge yesterday to face charges of crimes against humanity .
presiding judge lee dae kyong claimed song s politburo membership is proved by statements from hwang jang yop , former secretary of the north s ruling party , and former north korean diplomat kim kyong pil .
but there is good news for some western nations .
u . s . and iraqi troops killed some , militants and took over , prisoners in clearing falluja of rebels , sattler said , but a u . s .
the spy chief led negotiations with the taliban who kidnapped koreans on july and freed the last hostage on aug .
the , south korean troops deployed in the kurdish autonomous region of irbil in northern iraq have been ordered not to leave their compound after an unidentified explosive device went off wednesday just outside the base .
the protests were taking place outside chinese embassies in london and other cities one city for each year of suu kyi s detention .
rudd s predecessor , former prime minister john howard , said he was baffled by the decision to withdraw the troops .
music i d like to say thank you on behalf of the group and ourselves .
the trekking ended at a pagoda that commands a panoramic view of snowcapped peaks glinting in the sun and the frozen nine dragons waterfall .
u . s . attorney s office in chicago says rod blagojevich and his chief of staff were picked up this morning .
but police later said his lawyers could appear on his behalf .
consider taking the subway or grabbing a sanlunche , or three wheeled rickshaw , if you are not going too far .
and we will reduce taxes , to recover the momentum of our economy and reward the effort and enterprise of working americans .
what everybody would love to see is me having ditched school and then just going wild , says radcliffe , star of the harry potter movies , in the latest issue of entertainment weekly magazine , on newsstands friday . that s what i m determined not to give them .
i get to read a lot more scripts .
teams of scientists in china and switzerland have sequenced the rice genome , a step that could someday lead to improving the quality of the crop that is a staple for more than half the world s population .
but that was also the day when railway workers went out on strike and he was widely criticized for not returning to work .
north korea has requested large amounts of fertilizer from the south , to help alleviate chronic food shortages .
they briefly waved to reporters along the way .
attackers struck the team of seven u . s . soldiers and an iraqi soldier early saturday , the military said .
but u . s . officials said there is no indication the ship was headed to iraq .
but disagreements remain over the governor s other priorities , including an energy plan that rendell has insisted the legislature approve before he signs the budget , said sen . gibson e . armstrong .
we managed to pluck him out of the water , after he d been in there for quite a long time and moments later , my ship , the hmcs toronto , picked up another survivor , currently down in sick bay receiving medical care from our doctor aboard , allan said .
he ruled out a second stimulus package for now .
interior ministry spokesman maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf said that mosul police arrested one of al qaeda s leaders at midnight and during the primary investigations he admitted that he is abu hamza al muhajir .
he was cleared of a second charge of making false statements .
both vaccines protect against the hepatitis b virus , which is spread through sexual contact or contaminated needles and blood .
his son , jason , will join the band on stage .
cnn s dan rivers , reporting from near the myanmar thai border , said protests had calmed for the night wednesday in yangon , the country s largest city .
the government also said there was no cease fire in place , contrary to some earlier media reports .
hawaii volcanoes national park draws thousands of people daily , with a visitors center and lodge near the crater rim .
the dow industrials up points at the first half hour .
obama may also be sizing some of them up for treasury secretary .
in , nicholas bartha , a new york city doctor , blew up his townhouse to avoid giving it to his ex after he was ordered to pay her several million dollars in their divorce case . he died from injuries caused by the blast .
the increase is the first in a year and is viewed as a further sign that the japanese economy has bottomed out after months of stagnation .
democrat house speaker nancy pelosi said the us public had lost faith in the president s strategy .
jeh sung ho , a professor of law at chung ang university in seoul , said leaders of the governing uri party want to take advantage of the voluntary military service proposal to revive the party s nose diving popularity and attract support from young voters and their parents ahead of next year s presidential election .
mario bridges is the father of free agent defensive lineman corey smith .
senate democratic leaders have said they will block the appointment and are urging the governor to step down after his arrest on corruption charges .
the friction came as afghan president hamid karzai implored nato leaders tuesday to overcome months of foot dragging and send more troops to his country ahead of september elections .
hatoyama s statement came during a news conference to discuss a new program to fingerprint nearly all foreigners entering japan .
cambodian society , like that of neighboring thailand , is generally tolerant of homosexuality .
accompanied by police and prison officials , hicks was flown from cuba in a gulfstream g jet chartered by the australian government and landed early sunday at the heavily fortified edinburgh air force base on the outskirts of adelaide . watch hicks emerge from luxury jet
engineers at the goddard space flight center in maryland have hit two new snags in their effort to repair the hubble space telescope after a major equipment failure in space last month .
prime minister shinzo abe claims japan needs to seek military power to increase its role in the global community through peacekeeping operations and cooperation with the u . s .
she is expected to return to south korea on april , where a heroine s welcome awaits her .
the central bank has frozen the call rate , the interest charged on overnight inter bank loans , since raising it by a quarter point each in july and august to curb rising liquidity , which could fuel inflation and an asset bubble .
in my mind , king was lame .
the dow jones ended down points , or . percent , according to prelininary tallies .
the london based production company for quantum of solace said that an experienced stunt driver of an alfa romeo car remained hospitalized in serious condition following the accident wednesday .
vatican city , vatican cnn
a group of kids on spring break thought setting up a lemonade stand near george clooney s movie set might be a good business move .
e . lynn usery , who led the team , said nearly one quarter of the world s population lives below feet above sea level
they are trying to show that earhart and her navigator , fred noonan , reached the island on july , , crashed on a reef at low tide and made it to shore , where they possibly lived for months as castaways , written off by the world as lost at sea .
tallinn , estonia cnn an estonian man who was caught driving a car even though he is blind has been at it again , police said on monday , and this time he faces jail .
high road sports holds a protour team license and will seek authorization of the change in the team s identity and operations from the governing body , the uci .
the olympic flame arrived in australia on wednesday morning after a relatively incident free run in indonesia .
the market could take comfort in the senate confirming treasury secretary tim geithner as soon as today and the president is focusing on the economy again this week .
if he can resume normal training in june , it s highly possible for him to participate in the world championships in august .
as part of economic cooperation projects agreed upon in their leaders recent summit .
data can only be written to the discs , not erased .
more than people were injured in the attacks .
istanbul , turkey cnn turkish warplanes and long range missiles attacked kurdish rebel positions in the mountains of northern iraq near the turkish border early sunday , according to turkish military officials .
he grossed . million in speeches , which includes fees retained by the washington speakers bureau .
police tossed tear gas canisters into the crowd of opposition students after bottle throwing clashes broke out with a smaller group of pro chavez demonstrators near the national assembly .
a new study shows of them got written up for problems last year .
bulldozer , who promised to save the economy , won him a landslide victory .
when cortisol dips , there s a surge of two feel good brain chemicals , serotonin and dopamine .
enough to buy just two loaves of bread
as i only do the radio show to make people laugh i ve decided that , given the subsequent coverage , i will stop doing the show , he said .
he said he talked to the girls father . of the mine , johnson said , it s like a serpent s mouth waiting to swallow you up .
foreigners with permanent residency here will cast ballots in the upcoming local elections in may , exercising their voting rights for the first time to elect governors , mayors and council members .
the chief us negotiator , christopher hill , said the offer was not helpful and not serious .
but abdul qudus , a villager from helmand s gereshk district , told the associated press by phone that airstrikes hit a civilian area .
i am innocent , she told cnn from inside the al kadhimiya women s prison in baghdad .
it is testimony to steve s leadership that sheldon good co . remains well positioned for the future , said sheldon good president alan r . kravets .
the korea herald reports the national assembly overwhelmingly voted in favor of the nonregular workers bills yesterday despite fierce opposition from the major democratic labor party .
the united nations also would work with the iraqi government to resolve disputed internal boundaries and on planning , funding and implementing reintegration programs for former combatants .
barksdale uses the same technique .
before entering his plea , the handsome , year old harvard educated lawyer told the court he had done nothing wrong in diverting million new taiwan dollars , of public money into his private account while serving as mayor of taipei between and .
that s attorney robert honnaker on the cbs early show .
we re trying to keep our place here , she said . we don t want to become like people right now who are losing their homes .
it was described as a heck of a firefight from the commanding officer on scene , but he s very proud of how the crews reacted and the outcome of this incident .
the oxford educated son of indian immigrants , jindal narrowly lost the election to blanco .
the bush administration says europe is moving too fast in its efforts to find a replacement for the kyoto treaty , which expires in .
a taliban spokesman claimed two german engineers held hostage had been shot by the taliban after germany failed to contact it for negotiations . afghan and german officials said the spokesman did not speak for the kidnappers .
i ve built monkeys for both the talk show host craig ferguson , and the magician david copperfield .
he hopes the brain fitness software can show significant benefits here
the politician he protects , a basque local councilman from the prime minister s ruling socialist party , was out of town at the time of the attack .
about a dozen police and town officials were searching for the monkey , said shigeru arai , deputy chief of police in suwa town , about kilometers northwest of tokyo .
both the u . s . and eu accuse china of improperly using tax , investment and other policies to promote the growth of chinese champions in industries ranging from oil to banking while putting foreign companies at a disadvantage .
activists say authorities do little or nothing to combat the problem and that obvious hate crimes are regularly classified as mere hooliganism .
japan s benchmark nikkei index fell . points , or . percent , to end morning trading at , . points on the tokyo stock exchange .
a wave of car bombs targeting civilians and police in central baghdad on monday killed at least people and wounded others , the iraqi interior ministry said .
the u . s . troop buildup in iraq has yielded modest progress but a rise in suicide bombings helps make the ultimate success of the security crackdown uncertain , the top u . s . commander in the country said in remarks published sunday .
the extra billion would pay for training , base consolidation , and more vehicles designed to withstand bombings .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles .
quality varies , too , with some compass phones prone to falling out of calibration not good for a game like navimon .
but spain had a series of chances to double their lead midway through the half as sergio ramos headed straight at lehmann and andres iniesta forced two more saves in quick succession from the german keeper .
the storm cut electricity to most of karachi s million residents , compounding the heat from temperatures that have soared above degrees fahrenheit c in recent days .
it finished behind sony s family comedy are we done yet ?
the goal was to pick the first citizen passenger and promote the space program .
religious groups , human rights activists and journalists are among those who fear their activities will be curtailed .
the bombing near the u . n . offices happened minutes after another suspected truck bomb detonated near algeria s constitutional council which oversees elections and supreme court .
princess diana and dodi al fayed were murdered , dodi s father mohamed al fayed has told the inquest into their deaths in a car crash in paris in .
these drugs , some of which the fda admits could be dangerous , slip through a black hole in the drug approval system , according to one u . s . congressman .
new hampshire has revived john mccain before in the republican primaries of and , and the campaign makes a symbolic visit to a town meeting in peterborough on the last sunday before election day .
both women have thanked venezuelan president hugo chavez for helping mediate their release .
mexico city , mexico cnn more than , people were evacuated thursday from latin america s tallest building where police found a small handmade bomb inside a car parked in the garage , authorities said .
either the public employers make an offer with clear salary increases and without increased work hours , or we will show them our strength , bsirske said at a rally at the airport .
the judges on american idol were beating up on each other more than the top finalists
actors son jett travolta dies at
at a town hall meeting in wilmington , north carolina , monday supporter jean weiss stood up to ask a question and began by telling the illinois senator that he s captured her heart with his foreign policy stands .
president roh moo hyun , in his new year s speech , said that he was not interested in an agreement with the united states just for an agreement s sake , saying that the gains and losses had to be balanced .
the protest drew hundreds of thousands of people , the group said .
when asked if he thinks there could be chaos at the dnc convention in denver in august , obama said he believed it would be resolved by then .
there is some good news for citizens , however .
according to a defense department announcement , hicks is being charged with providing material support for terrorism .
holocaust greatest love story a hoax
news reports said at least people were killed including a u . s . soldier , a south korean soldier and a u . s . government contractor .
foreign ministry spokeswoman tasnim aslam said rushdie s knighthood would hamper interfaith understanding and that islamabad would protest to london .
the president is deeply saddened to hear of the loss of life , said white house spokesman scott stanzel .
unfortunately , there isn t enough in the way of a payoff .
chung presented himself yesterday morning at the supreme prosecutors office to be questioned about allegations that the hyundai group created a slush fund to bribe officials .
the first two points he cited directly concern human rights .
cnn fishermen in bangladesh beat a rare river dolphin to death because they had not seen this kind of creature before , according to local news accounts .
the rate cut marked the fifth time that the fed has cut the funds rate since it started with a half point cut on september in response to the severe credit crisis which hit global markets in august .
malaysian prime ministers traditionally have sought the dissolution of parliament several months before the end of their term in hopes their party would prevail in fresh elections , kuppusamy said .
the presidential office began bickering with kyunghyang sinmun after the progressive vernacular daily criticized the president for neglecting public sentiment in a front page article last wednesday .
attorney jerry reisman , who represents some of madoff s victims , says they wanted a trial , so he would have to hear from them
in the storm s aftermath , the community s housing stock was largely demolished , leaving many of its residents living in trailers .
a monk gave a speech sunday calling for suu kyi s release and national reconciliation before the monks set off from the shwedagon pagoda , the witness said .
wen the first chinese leader to address the parliament in years was on a three day ice melting trip to japan as the two countries worked to reverse a deterioration in ties caused in part by disagreements about the past .
drought warnings are in effect in many places on the east coast .
lee , a confidante to president roh moo hyun , claimed he was going to the north as the head of the uri party s northeast asia peace committee and not as the president s special political adviser .
the typical configuration of today s pc includes a bit processor running at . ghz or faster , mb of ram , and kb of level cache .
it s that insidious inner thermostat trying ceaselessly to keep our stored fat at a constant level .
digital rights management , or drm , has been demanded by the music industry to contain piracy by preventing users
mrs johnson who was widely known as lady bird johnson died at her home in austin , texas , of natural causes , a spokeswoman said .
between to kangaroos were tranquilized and then killed with lethal injections by defense contractors , said angie stephenson , project manager of animal liberation new south wales .
the skeptics contended there can be no breeze on the moon , so the picture must have been faked .
a senior obama advisor says the president elect had wanted clinton as his secretary of state from the start , though the two clashed on foreign policy during the campaign .
sarah palin s role in this campaign has got a bit little more complicated .
the next highest death toll was in , when were killed .
six people on the bus and the truck driver were killed .
groups saying they were promoting a pro family agenda had vowed to fight a statewide law on same sex marriage .
passenger cars and vans made up percent of europe s carbon dioxide emissions in , the european environment agency said .
it was the first , necessary step to move forward from the past , she said .
rockets hit the city of ashdod , farther away from gaza than any previous strikes .
the committee discussed how rebel groups in nepal and sri lanka use children to fight .
police say the area they re searching is the last place her cell phone gave off a signal .
obama campaign manager david plouffe welcomed the idea in principle , but suggested some changes to the format . we would recommend a format that is less structured and lengthier than the mccain campaign suggests , one that more closely resembles the historic debates between abraham lincoln and stephen douglas , he said in a statement released by the obama campaign .
the assessment as of now which is not a final assessment is that it seems to be a terror related attack using a car bomb , thomsen said . and that it is , all in all , likely that the danish embassy has been the target of the attack , regardless of the fact that the embassy lies in close proximity to other foreign representations .
monday , ahmadinejad said , with great pride , i announce that as of today , our dear country , iran , is among the countries of the world that produces the industrial level of nuclear fuel .
provaznik said the firefighters were hurt when flames engulfed their fire engine .
the foreign nationals have been declared persona non grata and their afghan colleagues have been arrested and are being investigated .
a post mortem examination would be carried out thursday to identify the body .
the announcement came as former prime minister nawaz sharif , ousted but musharraf in a coup and banished to saudi arabia , returned to the country to register for forthcoming elections , ruling out an alliance with the president .
each bomb was placed in a large plastic container in a knapsack and screws , tacks , washers or nuts , were taped to the outside to maximize the possibility of injury , sweeney said .
the plan met with fierce criticism from local journalists , civic groups and political rivals who view the move as an attempt to gag news outlets critical of the administration ahead of the december presidential election .
nis investigating illegal eavesdroppin .
he launched a blitz on inflation by ordering businesses to freeze prices in late june .
we need to see the commitment to bring down labor cost to be competitive with folks like toyota and honda .
his imprisonment could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy , said yong dae in , an analyst with goodmorning shinhan securities .
giachini maintained the judges could not refuse this request because italian law affords such benefits to all convicts after years in jail if they have been on good behavior , but news of the ruling created a storm because of the heinous nature of the crime .
foreign investors in south korea are dissatisfied with the host nation s tax regulations and are unhappy with overall tax benefit systems , a survey showed .
he really disappointed the country .
and most of all , the challenge of putting people first , of including all citizens
korea s ambassador to japan , yu myung hwan , is ready to express seoul s regrets , but exactly when that will happen is not known , the government official said yesterday .
for years , they have been working to streamline and standardize the software used by windows based pcs to display graphics .
aquino , , is a former philippine national police officer who pleaded guilty in july to taking classified documents , obtained from aragoncillo , and passing them on to philippine officials plotting to overthrow arroyo .
but the question is how the government can persuade the anti fta groups so that the deal can get ratified by the national assembly .
the paper included an assertion of communist chinese claims to about , square kilometers of territory very roughly centered on mount paektu as historically chinese , including large tracts of north korea .
iran said on tuesday it felt vindicated by a u . s . intelligence finding that it was not building an atomic bomb , but george w . bush said tehran remained dangerous and international pressure should continue .
he was buried a few blocks away from the site .
mccain has been a strong proponent of using more troops and favors bush s increase of some , u . s . forces in the nearly four year old war .
ethnically motivated violence tends to increase in the days leading up to and after hitler s birthday on april , when some members of ultra nationalist organizations appear in groups , shout slogans and stage attacks on dark skinned foreign and other non slavic looking people .
it opened in and officials said it was being fitted with a british made hazard monitoring system when the blast took place .
kazmierczak worked on a research project concerning mental health clinics under him , he said .
the arizona senator s remaining primary season rival , mike huckabee , withdrew from the presidential race tuesday night .
peter morici at the university of maryland says that s because it has fundamental problems that are not self correcting .
the korea times reports north korea has accepted former president kim dae jung s planned visit to pyongyang in june , the south s unification minister indicated on monday .
sseruma was relieved when she finally received her visa on time . but the hurdles were far from over .
while global warming may have played some part in the rise , the survey showed that people were responsible for turning . percent , or . million square kilometers , of china into desert .
he cannot have it both ways .
essentially doing the bare minimum required by their contracts in an attempt to slow the work process and pressure management to pay attention to their grievances .
the constitution does not require presidents to be sworn in on a bible , though almost every chief executive since george washington has chosen to do so .
dominican republic president leonel fernandez , who led the island nation out of dire economic times , was re elected to a third term on saturday , according to election results .
a switchback ridge so steep that three steps brings you to the next turn .
two drone launched strikes on friday killed people , among them eight suspected foreign militants , including an egyptian al queda operative .
if the market volatility and the uncertainty continue , particularly in the credit market , the fed will probably come with a cut of its fed funds rate . it s what the market is now looking for , said bert jansen , an equity strategist at exane bnp paribas in paris
he had been suffering from a chronic disease attributed to his advanced age , according to his bereaved family members . doctors said the exact cause of his death seems to be heart failure .
for some , transitioning away from a one person , one car lifestyle has proved rewarding .
but a national weather service meteorologist told the southern florida based sun sentinel that there were no major storms in the area at the time electricity went out that would cause such a large failure .
to close a means of communication is an inexcusable monstrosity .
south korea confirmed at least one missile was test fired into the sea of japan on may th .
shares of merrill lynch fell nearly percent in pre market trading .
the head of thailand s air force , air chief marshal chalit pukbhasuk , has taken over as the new head of the military , a spokesman says .
also , businesses are just putting less goods on the shelves
goh said the government will continue to mediate talks , but said it cannot wait long .
hushovd , who won last year s opening prologue and the closing sprint on the champs elysees , paid tribute to australian team mate julian dean , who piloted him through the pack in the final kilometer .
the wolong giant panda reserve center in southwest sichuan province is home to about giant pandas , who were reported safe tuesday .
spokeswoman kristen foster said the year old musician had not agreed to play any dates in the country .
the delay will also affect the government s plan to build a giant park covering some , , square meters of land at the site .
fa cup final opponents didier drogba of chelsea and manchester united s cristiano ronaldo are on the six man shortlist for the professional footballers association player of the year award .
the new transportation system network is expected to be more convenient , but transportation fares have also increased .
the united states refused to sign the last major international treaty on reducing greenhouse gases , undermining its effectiveness .
the germans were in double figures with more than minutes still to run when striker sandra smisek scored the th goal in the th minute .
rafael nadal met his match in fellow spaniard david ferrer as he crashed to defeat in three draining sets at the season ending masters cup on tuesday .
north korean kimchi tends to be mild and soupy , while the south korean version is a lot punchier .
gogol the man is considered the father of modern russian realism , with works such as dead souls .
metcalf said the fires were consuming homes in the communities of escondido , rancho bernardo , poway , forest ranch and lake hodges .
the united states is yet another side with the potential to become a long term power in the global game .
but those who do not like drinking often complain .
cnn a passenger who landed at tokyo s narita airport over the weekend has ended up with a surprise souvenir courtesy of customs officials a package of cannabis .
yeah , i can see them .
the experts said that led them to suspect that shigella , a diarrhea like disease , or typhoid has broken out in the same area .
it felt very good to be at the controls today and i believe this is a record which will probably never be broken .
hilton surrendered to sheriff s deputies after making a surprise visit to the mtv movie awards in the afternoon .
and perhaps the strangest of all martin van buren briefly owned two tiger cubs , a gift from the sultan of oman .
while the united states celebrates the serbian people s victory over milosevic , clinton and his aides refuse to see the palestinian insurgency as the same kind of struggle against injustice .
but nigel lythgoe , an executive producer for the show , downplayed speculation that the lack of alternative programming as a result of the strike could equal more viewers for idol .
pressure has been growing on the military junta since its bloody suppression of pro democracy protests last month .
in a speech at the american enterprise institute , a neo conservative think tank in washington , lefkowitz delivered biting criticism of the current state of the forum involving south and north korea , the u . s . , china , russia and japan that is aimed at denuclearizing the korean peninsula .
it appears to be heartbreak hotel for lisa marie presley and nicolas cage less than four months after the hollywood couple tied the knot .
such a move may help sen . hillary clinton close the delegate gap with front runner sen . barack obama but not overtake him , said sources familiar with party deliberations .
james appathurai told reporters at a briefing that the move will help nato meet canada s requirement that it send more troops to the volatile southern province of kandahar , where canadian troops are based .
in the democratic races , cnn projections indicated wins for hillary clinton in new york , tennessee , oklahoma and arkansas where her husband was once governor .
their biocatalytic process converts co into basic hydrocarbons c methane c ethane and c propane
the mission was not acceptable and was launched without the guerrillas agreement , a farc statement said .
a new poll indicates about of the people are still what are being called , persuadable .
i get to meet interesting people .
the house has passed a similar bill .
he went on to say that although he hoped everyone was equal , people who have to deal with black employees find this not true .
spanish media says the madrid train bombers had other deadly attacks planned .
eighty two service women have died since the beginning of the iraq war in march , according to the pentagon .
he also had emergency surgery july after a blood vessel burst near the site of the operation .
new york has the highest number of cases in the us , , and michael bloomberg says most of those cases have been mild
go hee seon of the gnp won in hwaseong , south of seoul .
syria decided to move troops to eastern lebanon , following year old agreement .
meanwhile , the army is estimating that . million may have become refugees from that fighting .
i want to believe comes years after the first film and six years after the finale of the series , whose opening credits for much of its nine year run featured the catch phrase the truth is out there .
china s politically volatile trade surplus soared to a new monthly high in june , the government said tuesday , showing that demand for chinese goods remains strong despite concerns about their safety .
firefighter james earl drayton , years
the first mobile phone powered by google has gone on sale in the uk
can proceed with his lawsuit against the maker of m ms and its ad agency , whom he accuses of trademark infringement , a new york judge has ruled .
the korea times says observers note that chung is attempting to push lee around through a series of debates , in turn building an image of himself as a qualified leader with vision and specific plans for the economy .
champion amelie mauresmo s wimbledon reign ended in a bizarre fourth round encounter on tuesday when she was upset by czech teenager nicole vaidisova .
ahmad chalabi is a former head of iraq s interim governing council who was close with the pentagon .
but he recently decided to go one step further and make an environmental statement with his car .
indeed , bmw ag , porsche ag , volkswagen ag and daimlerchrysler ag will all be showing cars with low emission diesel engines .
the group said it found abuses at the factories licensed to make official olympic caps , bags and stationery .
she also starred in the films mission
verbeek will start his new job after a short break from this weekend .
he said ghanem s assassination is very , very dangerous for the future of democracy in lebanon .
lucky and flo , who were trained by a northern ireland based dog handler , were loaned to the malaysian authorities by the us based motion picture association .
it is time to pass legislation to get us back in the game .
in a special statement at chong wa dae , he stressed south korea would undertake all possible measures to protect dokdo , the country s easternmost islets , whatever the costs and sacrifices may be because it is a matter of no compromise or surrender .
mirasola , a british , still lives on london time because she trades copper , aluminum , and other base metals that are most active on the london exchange .
in what was hardly a surprise , communist china will never have western style democracy , a senior official said on the eve of the country s most important political meeting in five years .
this is the first time i ve haven t really been able to secure a really great summer job .
the car company lost nearly a million in the third quarter .
during the season , many getaway packages in travel agencies are fully booked , bringing a vibrant atmosphere to the travel industry .
carla gomez monroy , the education consultant who launched the test , said one laptop per child has learned that working with local partners will be crucial in india , where dozens of languages are spoken .
a michigan woman with two wombs has given birth to twin daughters , one from each uterus .
it s e , just one more day until election day , and the last full day of campaigning is underway !
the flicker of candlelight will enhance your sexy lighting scheme .
thaksin told a news conference in hong kong that he hoped to return by february st . valentine s day or april at the latest after thailand s new government is in place .
side swept bangs soften the lines on your forehead , and growing your hair a few inches below the chin takes attention away from sagging , says new york city stylist eva scrivo .
even the environment suffered from their tyranny and injustice , alfaroon said , according to court proceedings on iraqi state tv .
pitt , his partner angelina jolie and their family of six children privately toured the hard hit lower ninth ward district earlier this week .
jackson s reclusive lifestyle and a photo earlier this year of him being pushed in a wheelchair created a fertile ground for the planting of the rumor .
those who make over million will pay , won less .
the twister also destroyed the local headquarters of the red cross , its generators and three of its disaster trailers , an official said .
the announcement is the latest change to the visa waiver program , which allows citizens of countries most of them european countries that are strong u . s . allies to travel to the u . s . without a visa .
the virus has now surfaced in half a dozen provinces in china , plus the capital beijing , according to state run media .
cnn has projected that clinton will win the primary in south dakota and obama will take montana .
iraq has said it will hold the first session of its newly elected assembly on march .
pichushkin claimed he had actually committed murders , though prosecutors were unable to find evidence to prove that .
i ve come back here to sedgefield , to my constituency , where my political journey began and where it s fitting that it ends , blair said .
others say the move could send more music lovers to sites like walmart and amazon , which will still offer song downloads for less than a buck .
in september , the father of one of the boys told the associated press he had asked that the rape scene be cut from the film .
but the marines remain a nearly exclusive male domain with only percent of the jobs open to women .
the head of the united auto workers says union members should vote yes on concessions at ford .
china has been criticized over a number of recent cases involving tainted goods , and correspondents say zheng had become a symbol of the crisis .
more than , workers are trapped deep underground in a south african gold mine , officials have said .
ramsey earlier said an internal investigation was underway into the incident caught on video monday by wxtf tv .
petraeus comments came the same day that a survey of military officers was published saying the iraq war has strained u . s . forces to the point where they could not fight another large scale war .
the government will hold pilot english tests aimed to replace globally recognized exams such as the toefl and toeic .
israel carried out airstrikes against qassam rocket launch sites in the north .
capita was formed in and has more than , staff in the u . k . , the channel islands , ireland and india .
the news agency reported that the woman contacted the kennel , located in a suburb of the capital city stockholm , inquiring about a puppy advertised for sale .
a right wing japanese politician has attempted to justify plans to fingerprint foreigners by claiming he knows an al qaeda member who entered the country illegally .
an asteroid the size of a football field passed extremely close to earth last week but it remained undetected until days later , according to astronomers .
usually , doctors take a bone graft from the patient s hip or put in metal rods to create the fusion .
a list of more than programs slated to be reduced or eliminated altogether .
sadr city s mayor , hassan adhab , told iraqi state tv there were martyrs including a mother and her three children and others were wounded .
the prizes include the money and an invitation to the prize ceremonies in stockholm and oslo on december , the anniversary of nobel s death in .
the board is trying to make a decision today , although we cannot say when the results will come , he added .
party leader asif ali zardari the widower of slain former prime minister benazir bhutto had said earlier that a new government would take a more reconciliatory approach toward the militants fighting for greater autonomy .
the march was supported by hundreds of members of the public , including retired housewife joey jones , .
the idf spokesperson wishes to stress that the responsibility for the killing and injuring of uninvolved civilians lies with the terrorist organizations which operate from within civilian populations using them as human shields and risking their lives by keeping bombs and explosives near them .
however , despite the vocal activists , the great majority of russians support putin , who is credited with bringing stability and relative economic prosperity to russia .
exciting is the right way to say it .
in may , the unemployment rate held at a low . percent .
they re designed to reverse age related cognitive decline and improve visual alertness .
as , or water lily pond , was sold by christie s for , , including buyer s premium , making it the most expensive work of art sold by the auction house in europe .
the largest living frog , the goliath frog of west africa , can reach pounds .
president lee myung bak told a cabinet meeting that he hoped the event would boost interest in space business and research .
this is good news for conservation as the genetic diversity of future generations of cheetah will be preserved by their duplicitous behavior .
checkpoints have been established throughout the region and aircraft including helicopters , drones and jets have been deployed in the search .
the minute rampage , caught on the zoo s security camera , happened early wednesday after the boy jumped a security fence at the alice springs reptile center in central australia , said zoo director rex neindorf .
nasa says the weather looks good for this early afternoon scheduled landing at the kennedy space center in florida .
the show was the latest in a series of attempts to find an audience with a younger demographic after more than a decade of declining ratings .
if they wore the blue suit and went where the company sent them and did what the company asked of them
pakistan understands the significance of the european union , the significance of its role in the future , especially in the political disputes around the world , he told reporters .
patrick kennedy , d rhode island , and sen . arlen specter , r pennsylvania .
the state council , or cabinet , has transferred jin to a government think tank , where he will be deputy chief , a ministerial level position .
staying sober and out of los angeles is lohan s main priority .
the united states had kept its distance from the issue , saying it was up to the pakistanis to decide the timing of the elections .
in the first live sighting in more than years of a creature that some thought was extinct .
the pair also have an older son , sean preston , now months .
the daily mail also published photos of winehouse together with her husband , blake fielder civil , after the alleged fight .
this year , the number rose to percent .
last month , she was briefly admitted to a hospital with a low grade fever .
two other legislators were among the injured , the police chief said .
a year old would be suicide bomber from pakistan , caught while on a mission to blow up an afghan provincial governor , was pardoned on sunday by president hamid karzai .
parr s online big brother profile describes her as a fashionable drama student and an indie chick with the heart of a middle class politician who has no time for those who don t live up to her high standards .
fourteen victims of the virginia tech shooting remained hospitalized wednesday but most were showing signs of improvement .
because of the instability , we suspended all our troops activities outside military camps and stepped up security , a spokesman at the office of joint chiefs of staff said on condition of anonymity .
their tiny lungs are underdeveloped , said dr . jordan leonard , who is overseeing the masche babies at phoenix children s hospital .
verbeek , , was guus hiddink s right hand man when south korea reached the world cup semifinals .
the same report also implicates at least lower ranking intelligence troops in the scandal .
the former iraqi president questioned the judge s authority and maintained that he is still the president .
kcna , in its english language report , quoted a foreign ministry spokesman as saying we are successfully reprocessing more than , spent fuel rods at the final phase .
a high scores page in navimon lists the best players around , and another page inventories every alien helped .
you will begin hiking through a thick pine forest on ajusco s steep lower slopes before breaking the treeline .
former massachusetts governor mitt romney was second with percent , and former arkansas governor mike huckabee , the winner of last week s iowa gop caucuses followed with percent .
and about , people rioted monday in the impoverished northwestern province of gansu over plans to move longnan s city government offices , which were damaged in the may sichuan earthquake , to a nearby county .
al sadr , widely popular in iraq s shiite heartland , opposes the u . s . occupation of iraq and , during the war , his mehdi army militia has fiercely fought coalition and iraqi forces .
that s analyst trilby lundberg .
about million people live in new delhi s slums , the government estimates .
tony bennett got a standing ovation . apple , not so much , said philip elmer dewitt , who writes an apple column for fortune magazine .
our brains can be made stronger through exercise , says andrew carle , assistant professor of in the department of health administration and policy at george mason university .
the law prohibits the public display of the soviet flag , military uniforms and the five pointed soviet star , as well as the playing of the soviet national anthem .
nasser ega musa told cnn on thursday that kofi annan , the former u . n . secretary general who was asked to help settle the dispute , will outline the agreement at a news conference friday in kenya .
bush , like millions of others , has already cast his ballot by absentee .
the prints and paintings have a combined value of million brazilian reals , , the statement said .
here along the amalfi coast , dramatic panoramas of rocky cliffs hanging over the sea are everywhere .
he asks , before making a reference to a line from director john ford s the man who shot liberty valance , when the legend becomes fact , print the legend .
i m hopeful of their return , and i ll keep asking the nation to pray .
in the aftermath of japan s surrender , many thought it naive to help the japanese transform themselves into a democracy .
the united nations has said somalia is facing the worst humanitarian crisis in africa .
both sides tried to go on offense , with the obama camp accusing mccain of yet another flip flop , and mccain s camp saying obama has broken his word . in the race , similar accusations helped president bush defeat sen . john kerry .
future presidents , however , didn t follow his lead .
pyongyang said it regretted the delay , but said the meeting could be held next month , after the conclusion of the military exercise .
human rights commission voted for a honduras proposed resolution that deplored cuba s jailing dissidents arrested on march , .
none of the quakes was expected to cause a tsunami , according to the pacific tsunami warning center or ptwc in honolulu , hawaii .
yolanda king , who lived in california , was an actress , ran a production company and appeared in numerous films , including ghosts of mississippi .
it gives some hope for those who might seek to clone extinct species from frozen carcasses .
unlike those african parks , you won t see hordes of animals under shady trees or watering holes .
how does that make hamm feel ?
with home foreclosures spiking , the federal reserve is taking steps to help some delinquent borrowers .
hosted by five major portal sites in the country daum communications , empas , nate . com , paran and yahoo ! korea , the forum was arranged to mark the third anniversary of roh s inauguration on feb .
the incident took place during a performance of the local punk rock band rux , who were joined on stage by members of another punk band , couch .
typhoon warning issued as nabi approaches southern korea .
according to british sunday tabloid paper the people , ballack was omitted from chelsea s champions league squad because he has agreed a switch to real madrid .
sharif returned to pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in saudi arabia . .
one u . s . military official said authorities have evidence wednesday s bombing was an inside job .
dr . stanley shapshay , a renowned american ear nose and throat surgeon and former president of the triological society told cnn
at the airport in new york , sseruma was detained twice for further questioning .
do you think an astronaut teacher would have inspired you to study science or math ?
by starring in bollywood blockbusters such as krrish , singapore hopes to entice more indian tourists .
all three major gauges had risen in the early going , before abandoning gains and turning lower .
to , . friday , as lackluster corporate earnings , renewed credit concerns and rising oil prices spooked investors .
government is going to control overseas remittances .
jim shank said he believes wal mart should make an exception .
previously , she was an executive at sun microsystems inc .
several embassies offered to shelter him but anwar chose the turkish mission because of his close ties with turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , said badrul hisham shaharin , a senior member of anwar s people s justice party . it was not clear how long he would stay there , even though police say they do not intend to arrest him before investigations are complete .
the north korean representative to the united nations in new york , pak gil yon , has been one of the few channels of communication between the two players .
woman arrested for killing virtual reality husband
hugh johnson of johnson illington advisors
he had run on promises to fight corruption .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld reportedly became enraged and ordered the immediate pull out of usfk from the peninsula , saying
we ll come with our own recommendations and they ll come with theirs and that s what you would expect of a meeting of this kind .
and that s a key in the huge bullfight industry , because many say it s not just the matadors but also fierce bulls that make a great fight .
colombo , sri lanka cnn science fiction writer arthur c . clarke listed three wishes on his th birthday
meanwhile , china s defense minister issued a stern warning to taiwan , saying the mainland military has the strength and determination to smash any moves toward independence by the self ruled island , state media reported sunday .
if true , it is certainly a good sign , said a korean government official who declined to be named .
bombs in other parts of iraq killed at least people sunday .
communist chinese defense minister cao gangchuan is to begin a five day visit to japan for talks with top military leaders .
brody s victory was something of a surprise , as was the awarding of the best director oscar to roman polanski , also for the pianist .
the first british leader to visit sudan since independence from london in , blair took a tough approach with bashir and his officials but said rebel groups must come to the table too .
many house lease contracts expire this year and relatively few small apartments are available .
near the demonstration , hundreds of chavez s supporters wearing red caps and t shirts staged a rival rally to express their support for the closure of rctv , which has been broadcasting for years .
even if soldiers come in tanks and forcefully throw people out of their tents , even then i won t leave , i ll die here .
mccain campaigns today in north carolina and virginia , two formerly safe gop states .
shanghai s composite index fell . percent .
the message also said that mullah omar , the leader of the taliban now on the run , and that percent of the leadership of al qaeda are safe and are running their affairs smoothly .
when you put yourself out there in any situation , even if it s one which you re not taking seriously , it s going to sting .
they aim to explain theoretical physics in an accessible way to youngsters .
short of cash and sinking in national polls , thompson had staked his hopes on south carolina , where a strong showing could have reinvigorated his flagging campaign .
speaking to reporters , bush said he hopes to get israelis and palestinians to agree on clear definitions of a future independent palestinian state .
rallying cry of the late gen . francisco franco s dictatorship and called on spaniards to love the fatherland .
seoul officials said yesterday that the international atomic energy agency informally notified a government delegation at iaea headquarters in vienna last week of its plan to send inspectors in the middle of december .
in rockville , maryland , at least students have been diagnosed with mrsa .
economidis , who was beaten , said he had never experienced crowd problems like that before .
tickling the ivories , pouring eggnog
claiming the afghan government and south korean diplomats have not done their best to save the hostages , ahmadi warned them not to waste more time .
the gunman left but returned in about seconds . i guess he heard us still talking , said sheehan .
blissitt said that he had about hogs and decided to sell them for slaughter , but that no one would buy that particular animal because it was too big for slaughter or breeding , stone said .
they re lower in early trading today negative outlooks from texas instruments and fedex , reminding investors that the impact of the recession will be felt for some time .
her brother , james peterson , , also escaped the fire .
at least seven of those killed were police officers , the police official said .
midnights in moscow , post soviet style
nasa waived the first landing opportunity for the shuttle because of clouds near the shuttle landing facility on florida s east coast .
or it can be used as a modular pc that connects to a full size keyboard , mouse and monitor to replace a desktop pc .
has no place in public discourse , soros wrote tuesday to the chair and top democrat on the panel , reps .
superdelegates doesn t mean that they should leap over the will of the people in a single bound , joked sen . barack obama s chief political strategist david axelrod on cbs face the nation .
counterterrorism officials told cnn they believe the plots in britain may be a blueprint for attacks on the united states .
there will be no more excuses for those who pay for sex , she added .
the computer is attached to his wheelchair and allows him to choose words on a computer screen via a sensor that detects motion in his cheek .
in light of all the troubles in this world , i wish us all peace , cooper said as he received his award .
fellow seaman , bill stone , , served as a stoker aboard the battlecruiser hms tiger .
the report , first launched in , measures overall living conditions by factoring in such variables as the average life expectancy , education standards and income levels of people in countries .
a south korean hostage in iraq has appeared on tv pleading for his life .
the attack came as s african archbishop desmond tutu arrived in sudan bringing a new peace initiative for darfur .
obama s inauguration has touched off celebrations in kenya , his father s home country , and obama , japan , a seaside city of about , people .
harper s government will table a progress report on the mission in afghanistan in parliament later monday .
beckham called coming to america one of the biggest challenges i ve ever taken on in my career .
fairey heard elden interviewed on the radio and one thing led to another , said the teen .
some people went to other cities , but a lot of people stayed in their house with low temperature , van eijkeren said . the community is battling a declining birth rate , like the rest of the netherlands
we believe it may have just been a pass through . we received information he may be headed into texas , shreveport police chief henry whitehorn sr . , told the associated press .
the koreans are the biggest group of foreigners kidnapped so far in the taliban campaign to oust the western backed government and force out foreign troops .
that s port of long beach spokesman , john pope .
. hotel and resort staff
army major general david perkins says even as those troops leave , others will be shipped to cover potential hot spots in iraq
. peanut butter
responding to clinton s comments during a conference call with reporters tuesday , obama said the senator from new york and former president clinton have been attacking me in ways that are not accurate .
cnn five young men died saturday when the car they were in drove off the end of a private airstrip near ocala , florida , became airborne for feet and slammed into an oak tree , authorities said .
researchers at the national institutes of health , the university of bristol in britain , and the university of illinois chicago say that advice to limit seafood consumption could actually be detrimental to a child s health .
from the bbc to a japanese station to national news outlets
most of the terrain east of kuiper had never before been photographed .
the united states , china , south korea , japan and russia have been holding talks with north korean officials since in an effort to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program . read full story
it s just hard to get questions and have a lot of interaction , obama said of the arena style events that are more akin to rock concerts than political events .
paul krugman , the princeton university scholar and new york times columnist , won the nobel economic prize monday for his analysis of how economies of scale can affect trade patterns and the location of economic activity .
new , won and , won bills will go into circulation monday , the bank of korea said .
an fbi analyst and former vice presidential aide was sentenced wednesday to years in prison for espionage after he admitted supplying classified documents to philippine nationals in an effort to overthrow that country s government , federal prosecutors said .
the new trail is also aimed at drumming up more business for the tourism venture run by a subsidiary of south korea s hyundai conglomerate , which saw a plunge in visitors last year after north korea s missile and nuclear tests .
blair will represent the quartet of middle east mediators the united states , russia , the european union and the united nations .
shin told the ruling party s high ranking officials yesterday that he was determined to step down from the top post of the majority party , which has lawmakers in the seat national assembly .
four american soldiers and an iraqi soldier were killed in the attack .
the report will eventually be submitted to the iwc for its consideration , he said .
the most recent national cnn poll of polls showed obama with an point lead over republican presidential nominee john mccain , percent to percent .
observers are now asking whether hong or other aides of park maliciously shared the private information with rep . kim hyuk kyu of the pro government uri party so that he could attack lee .
he is also due to hold talks with putin s successor elect , dmitry medvedev , who is due to replace putin next month and is expected to appoint his predecessor as prime minister .
anne darwin , , was arrested by officers when she arrived at manchester airport in northwestern england at gmt sunday on a flight from atlanta , georgia , a spokesman for manchester police said .
maradona was hospitalized in and , both times with severe heart problems stemming from his cocaine use .
while it will probably take at least another years before zubrin or anyone else for that matter makes it to the martian surface , nasa and other space agencies are already drawing up plans for a voyage that will present astronauts not only with physical but also psychological challenges never faced by humans before .
both eastern michigan university and the university of connecticut postponed winter commencement ceremonies scheduled for sunday .
people couldn t park their cars in the portico where you had to go through a metal detector , he said , explaining one of the measures . but if i look at what we had which all of us complained about
we are not killers lebanese prime minister fouad siniora told cnn s brent sadler he considers the battle part of the war on terrorism , not a conflict between lebanon and the palestinians . to the contrary , i believe strongly that this war is targeting lebanon on the one hand and the palestinians on the other , he said .
and what do you know about what happens in that
suu kyi has been under house arrest from to , from to , and from may to now .
lebanese army troops fired wednesday on israeli troops hunting for explosives along the israel lebanon border , lebanese army and israeli military sources said .
furthermore , they will contribute to a longer term solution that must involve many countries and institutions , he said .
as with audio cds , users can fly over video segments they don t like .
but as a saying here goes , when it comes to children s education , korean parents don t care whether they jump in water or fire .
envoys from taiwan and china approved a plan to hold periodic high level talks tuesday during a meeting on a trade agreement that could help ease the threat of war between the rivals .
the marriott hotel in downtown san diego s historic gaslamp quarter has offered fire evacuees a rate per night , about percent lower than their regular rates .
the united states and other western nations are hoping the vote will usher in a period of stability as the country battles rising attacks by al qaeda and taliban militants .
then there was the idea of a cartoon show with all the goofiness kids like laced with snappy , sophisticated , risque dialogue and gags for older crowds .
the washington area s transit system is telling passengers to expect extraordinarily long lines for rail cars and buses .
in the new survey , percent of americans and percent of south koreans apply that term to the japanese .
conventional deep space missions use the gravity of celestial bodies one at a time , using nearby planets or moons or the sun to slingshot themselves farther along on their journeys .
he said he was sorry for that incident .
the us praised the actions of the german government and said the incident showed everyone needed to be vigilant in finding terrorists .
that summit also highlighted differences between washington and moscow over u . s . backed proposals to extend the military alliance to include the former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia .
chimpanzees scampering on a treadmill have provided support for the notion that ancient human ancestors began walking on two legs because it used less energy than quadrupedal knuckle walking , scientists said .
workers will return to their posts as the next shift begins on the largest public transport system in the us .
wiese is chief economist with standard poor s .
investigators think the children died by blunt force trauma , though autopsies are not complete .
but he says this will address the problem s root cause .
the u . s . military has recently intervened several times to help ships hijacked by somali pirates .
he was talking about a prize that has already slipped out of his grip once .
and back to the future .
space shuttle discovery brought up a new pump for the toilet , as well as the space station s newest room , a billion japanese lab .
sleeping , eating , lounging , internet shopping , stock trading and card playing are common during workdays that can last from in the morning until at night .
calling the governments of iraq and afghanistan , allied with the united states , traitors , al zawahiri warned that the united states is about to depart and abandon them , just as it abandoned their like in vietnam .
they were reunited there with their families and met with chavez .
at the end of saturday s match francesco totti complained of pain in his left thigh , read a brief statement on the roma official website .
developing nations should also cut emissions , the leaders agreed .
household debt includes credit card use and all outstanding loans .
i think , you know , . million votes , you feel like you have a responsibility to go out there and play , the new york yankees star said saturday . it s been feeling pretty good , and we ll go from there .
we would expect to see more cases in more states , and i think everything that we re trying to do now is to limit the impact that this might have on public health .
the chinese women s gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition in beijing and five members won individual medals . one of the challenges came from a blogger known as stryde hax .
you can t just let them keep multiplying in town , trively said tuesday .
analyst diane swonk of mesirow financial says you might wanna leave your k statement unopened for now .
aboard the uss carl vinson ap with war planes lining its deck , a u . s . aircraft carrier anchored off south korea on saturday and showed off its military might while north korea warned that the massing of u . s forces in the region increases the danger of nuclear conflict .
and the number is expected to increase steeply as workers have yet to gain access to many houses due to accumulated heavy snow , according to the agency .
egypt prepared thursday for a strictly controlled military funeral for yasser arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects , but where the people among whom arafat was by far more popular will be mostly shut out .
the quake was felt in peru and bolivia , according to the u . s . geological survey .
mexico s health secretary says most businesses will reopen across the country on wednesday , ending a day shutdown of non essential businesses to slow the spread of swine flu .
rumsfeld predicted success in iraq would hamper terrorist operations and spur reform in the region .
david kellerman s body was found early this morning , and police are calling it an apparent suicide
it would be aimed at europe and eventually the united states .
that means european goods cost more for americans to buy .
but now , with more detailed planning under way , the military is considering a variety of options in hopes of being ready for whatever , if anything , the turks do .
fuel prices were last raised in april , when a barrel of crude oil cost about a barrel on the international market .
people enjoy the warm weather with their families .
it was a welcome relief from the war that surrounds them .
all the passengers and crew on the ship were ferried by coast guard vessels to a nearby landing and taken to a hotel , the statement said .
south korean tourist arrivals have been hovering at around , a year far below the high of , in .
some survivors were taken to a hospital in a nearby village others were jailed .
five years after he green lighted the war in iraq , president bush will mark the anniversary by calling the debate over the conflict understandable but insisting that a continued u . s . presence there is crucial .
they also distributed more than , lewd pictures and movies , the justice department said .
women in blue burqas , fields of opium poppies , fierce looking turbaned men , and tanks churning through dust .
that is not what the impeachment article of the illinois constitution is about .
the child , in a baby blue jumper , was the reclusive singer s third and youngest , prince michael ii , said antje sigesmund , a spokeswoman for the bambi entertainment award ceremony , which jackson is attending in berlin .
i think people want to hype this up .
east timor s president xanana gusmao has threatened to resign unless prime minister mari alkatiri steps down .
but the bank maintained its forecast of a billion current account surplus .
and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again , as the incident scared them .
authors , journalists and politicians are frequent guests and targets for insults .
in one sighting in january , a man near cardiff , wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky .
fire officials say a year old who survived the blaze , is in critical condition .
the soda maker s website crashed during the hours it offered a free beverage to consumers on sunday the same day chinese democracy was released .
the state government of baden wuerttemberg rejected his petition for financial assistance , and he entered bailout talks with several german banks .
under the present system people must sign up to an organ donor register if they want to give up their organs after they die .
the teens had been trained in recent weeks , khalaf said .
in addition to deaths , the heavy rain that began last november has left more than , people homeless , according to official figures . five people are reported missing .
the drop came amid expectations that a u . s . fuel report due today will show u . s . crude and gasoline stocks rose last week .
a dwindling number of transport workers were supporting the open ended walkout .
next month , gen . david petraeus and u . s . ambassador to iraq ryan crocker are scheduled to present a progress report on iraq to congress .
william hill spokesman graham sharpe said the bookmakers could face a payout in the tens of millions of pounds if extra terrestrial life was found .
if confirmed by guinness world records , it will be the fourth time the year old has broken a world swimming distance record .
cheney made no public comment after the talks in musharraf s office in islamabad .
how many recording artists have enjoyed years of success while never having toured ? the fans are very , very loyal , says the irish chanteuse .
this is a new chance for us to reinforce the capacities for the defense of the country s sovereignty and territorial integrity , to improve our economy perspective through the european integration process , to confirm the democratic capacity of our society , and to change things for the better , tadic said in a statement posted on national news agency tanjug s web site .
soon afterward , he is expected to report to the country s supreme court to faces charges of corruption and abuse of power .
vilks cartoon , which was published in august by the swedish newspaper nerikes allehanda , hasn t reached that level of global protests , although it has stoked plenty of outrage .
bookmakers quickly joined the great debate .
maybe i was a bit tired after the long semifinal , but i lost the final because mikhail played very well , nadal said .
a dozen militants were reported killed in the attack .
nelson is survived by his wife . he did not have any children from either marriage .
the xstrata treetop walkway , which opened at the end of may is the latest design from london eye architects marks barfield .
the npa unveiled its new rules and other measures after it came under fire from the public for local police mishandling of a rape case involving two sisters last week in milyang , south gyeongsang province . under heavy fire over its handling of a gang rape case involving high school students , the national police agency announced yesterday that from now on only female police officers will investigate victims of sexual violence to prevent possible human rights violations , according to the korea herald .
after carrying out a nuclear test detonation last year , kim has moved toward dismantling north korea s nuclear program after receiving pledges of economic aid and political concessions .
the division between the grand national party s reigning presidential candidate and the conservative party s former standard bearer worsened yesterday in a barrage of name calling and accusations over past corruption .
environmental groups were quick to criticize bush s plan .
of the wounded , seven are in critical condition , the sources said .
but what about men with stomachs the size of babies or bigger ?
the inscription , pfann said , is made up of two names inscribed by two different hands
five independent television networks and at least one private radio station reported their exit polling indicated fernandez has easily won a first round victory .
he said he had authorized intelligence gathering in the wake of , adding that the activities were lawful .
world health organization officials are now considering whether to raise the pandemic alert to its highest level
by midnight local time , the typhoon appeared to be weakening and looked likely to hit land early wednesday further south of shanghai than originally forecast , the official xinhua news agency reported , citing local meteorologists .
south korea s benchmark kospi climbed . percent to a one week high thanks to gains of . percent for ship builder hyundai heavy industries and . percent for samsung electronics
both picture and audio quality are good , and normal phone service is uninterrupted .
the chosun ilbo reports a korean astronaut may be boarding a spaceship to the space station in the year .
two local tabloids reported claims she had ties to islamic extremist organizations .
it was centered over the baleshwar river in barguna district .
petrova had three bouts of medical treatment during her marathon against bammer , for a back strain and thigh cramps . world number petrova
portugal , which holds the eu s rotating presidency , wants the summit of the nation eu and the member african union to usher in closer cooperation between the continents and counter the influence of china , which has invested billions of euros dollars in africa in recent years .
we don t buy the best toilet paper , buechel said .
russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats , president vladimir putin said on wednesday .
thirty north koreans have now succeeded in entering foreign embassies and consulates in china in the last two months to escape their homeland and gain repatriation to another country .
a judge must see the arrested person within hours , either in the courtroom or by video , and zimmerman does all her arraignments in person , oesterle said .
anatoly grigoryev , head of a russian biomedical institute responsible for cosmonauts health , said it was quite natural if tyurin and lopez alegria felt less chipper than simonyi .
s initiative toward satellite based mobile broadcasting has suffered another setback , with the country s broadcast regulator blocking the airing of terrestrial televised content on wireless receivers .
if you can arrange to pass through certain airports , your travel trauma is likely to decrease .
the incident has been described as one of the worst known breaches of nuclear weapons procedures in decades .
the year old spaniard has been in madrid s le paz hospital since collapsing last monday and broke news of the diagnosis in a statement .
british airways in merger talks with qantas
cnn siena seems to be every italy connoisseur s pet town .
with the mtv video music awards in town , sin city took its debauchery and extravagance to a whole new level .
the new lineup will be giving its first performance at the grand hyatt hotel tomorrow evening as part of the parade of nations , a talent show and annual charity gala arranged by the foreign diplomatic community .
the big ticket items that keep factory workers busy .
they have dvds out in an hour , we don t .
it happened in mong kok , which is a very popular shopping district for locals and for tourists .
rassinier said he watched a motorbike emerge from the smoke which engulfed the underpass before speeding away without stopping , the uk s press association reported .
the number of internally displaced people receiving unhcr assistance worldwide nearly doubled in , to about million .
that s important , because the place is owned by the same company that runs a georgia plant blamed for a nationwide outbreak of salmonella .
leon borstein , who does matrimonial litigation in manhattan , says many forms of revenge could be considered criminal .
an accidental explosion and fire on a natural gas pipeline in eastern saudi arabia on sunday killed people and left missing , saudi officials said .
hong kong is the one place on earth where chinese can express themselves freely , he said , pointing to the government crackdown on the student led pro democracy demonstrations in beijing s tiananmen square .
the country s economy s been racked by hyperinflation and an unemployment rate of more than .
for her th birthday , in february , friends and family held a party for her , with about guests , at a downtown hotel in jackson , a town of about , residents .
the homeowners of the destroyed residence were away on vacation , neighbors said .
woolmer coached south africa for five years until and that team s bowler allan donald had a close relationship with him .
its manager , thomas strier , said the driver , whom he described as very reliable and experienced , survived the accident . the scania bus was four years old , he said .
while clinton never named the hospital in her speech , the woman she was referring to was treated at o bleness memorial hospital in athens , ohio .
depressed urban areas like south central los angeles which was devastated by riots several years ago will be targeted for government assistance as well as business investment .
it hosted the summer universiad in and held some world cup football matches .
the people s daily the chinese communist party s newspaper said the document was misleading , one sided and could harm bilateral ties .
opposition grand national party lawmakers denounced the government yesterday , accusing it of abusing new legislation governing newspapers and trying to control the press .
his analysis of such differences later led to his theory of evolution through natural selection .
france is willing to take in colombian guerrillas as part of a deal to secure the release of hostages held by the country s leftist rebel group , the french prime minister said wednesday .
chester arthur stiles , , was arrested following a routine traffic stop around p . m . p . m . et monday night , according to henderson police department spokesman keith paul .
san francisco , california cnn the person mauled to death by a siberian tiger at the san francisco zoo on christmas was year old carlos sousa of san jose , california , the san francisco medical examiner s office said wednesday .
one more pamphlet at the office or a few more minutes in drivers ed is not going to boost the percentage of people who sign donor cards .
the commerce department reports the broadest measure of the trade deficit decreased , more than expected in the rd quarter .
britain s environment agency warned water levels could rise further to a critical level and issued nine severe flood warnings across the country .
arrests were made in new york , new jersey , virginia and texas .
wear shoes and clothing that are easy to remove before passing through the metal detector
the russian ministry of emergency situations said workers were in the ulyanovskaya mine in kemerovo region when the methane blast occurred early monday at a depth of about meters feet .
apple is banking that its new , do everything phone with a touch sensitive screen will become its third core business next to its moneymaking ipod music players and macintosh computers .
two of the key reasons are her strong performance among those voters who favor statehood for puerto rico and her husband s popularity on the island .
largely at the request of the united states , israeli prime minister ehud olmert froze construction in both har homa and pisgat zeev , the israeli newspaper haaretz reported .
when her family reminds her that he s dead she weeps as if hearing the news for the first time .
there is no other star in the world who causes more of a stir in the public eye than lindsay , said maxim editor in chief jimmy jellinek in a statement .
also this week , odds are , one elderly briton will die of cjd , whose cause is largely unknown .
his comments came at the end of a week long vatican conference on confession .
roughly a quarter of likely voters say they could change their minds in the next two weeks and not surprisingly , those people are splitting roughly equally between clinton and obama .
clayton stobbs , the interim ceo of startup weekend , says interest in the event has grown with the recent economic crisis .
back down in town , check out the mehmet pasha mosque , built in , and its hexagonal mausoleum and the larger sinan pasha mosque with its baroque paintings and ornaments .
and they ran me down the road .
mccready had a hit in with guys do it all the time , but has struggled in recent years , beginning with a conviction for fraudulently obtaining prescription painkillers .
if someone commits suicide bombing to protect the honor of the prophet muhammad , his act is justified , the minister said , according to reuters news agency .
i remember sending him a text saying last chance to back out , when i was at the station ready to get on the train .
a sixth was found in front of the house , tranter said . a dog was also critically wounded , tranter said .
according to wxyz , obama personally left a voice message for agar wednesday afternoon , apologizing for both not answering the question and for calling her sweetie .
bush has spoken approvingly of brazil s ethanol program , which powers eight out of every new brazilian cars .
but kreisher , whose office is responsible for macau , told the associated press , discussions with north korea along with the u . s . investigation have brought treasury to the point where they think they can begin taking steps to resolve the bda matter .
during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site .
the voice was unmistakable .
more than , people were caught trying to reach spain s canary islands last year in boats from west africa .
all people on the flight and at least more on the ground were killed in the accident , the deadliest in brazil s history .
political analyst allan lichtman says caroline may might not be the most qualified , but she does have the name
but putin s decision could undercut the authority of medvedev .
meanwhile businesses were reopening and national laws were being passed .
australia s prime minister elect kevin rudd has outlined his priorities after winning a sweeping general election victory over outgoing prime minister john howard .
the eu s michel met with kibaki and odinga on saturday .
most of canada s , troops in afghanistan are in kandahar as part of the nato led mission to stabilize the war torn country .
the president a few minutes ago unveiling the more detailed tax and spending plan he is sending to congress today .
cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin said , he is virtually certain to go to prison if this conviction is upheld .
kim was taken into custody on friday and did not challenge the legality of his arrest , according to prosecution sources , paving the way for the court to expedite the issuance of the warrant .
the ride carries passengers inside round cups .
the case had inflamed anti french sentiment in chad , but president idriss deby raised the possibility of a pardon after french support helped him ward off a rebel attack on his capital in february .
the quake , measuring . , struck on saturday morning , flattening buildings in a densely populated area south of the city of yogyakarta .
however , considering the high profile stem cell scandal , the prosecution will consult with scientists about the conclusion before announcing the investigation results , according to the kbs news .
it follows friday s arrest of a delhi police officer on corruption charges in the case , along with six other officers who have been named but not arrested .
but we don t know if she has hepatitis , said her ex husband , fabrice delloye , to associated press television news in paris , france , on wednesday .
despite earlier statements that a maritime survey in the disputed waters near the dokdo islets would not begin until next week , a south korean survey ship entered waters east of the peninsula yesterday claimed by both tokyo and seoul as their exclusive economic zone .
in his weekly radio and internet speech , obama called on the senate to act quickly on the house passed billion stimulus bill .
after years behind bars , and was elected south africa s first black president in .
they also indicated the economy was the number one issue .
ter petrosian vowed he would continue to protest the election results peacefully through legal means .
another survey of senior business executives revealed that about percent check and reply to e mails on pdas such as blackberries during meetings , but percent said that it was never ok to do so , according to robert half management resources , a specialized staffing business .
patients who don t finish an antibiotic prescription , kill off the weakest bacteria , allowing the strongest to survive .
the site dates from the upper paleolithic period , which began about , years ago and lasted until roughly , years ago .
tibet watch , a group based in dharamsala , india , said people have died in the nwaga county area
later , north korea uses a satellite based laser beam to burn a swath through the demilitarized zone separating the koreas .
koreans north and south see koguryo as the origin of the korean nation and say its name is the root of the word korea .
north korea repeated the demand in this week s talks , according to the choson sinbo , a korean language newspaper based in japan which has links to the pyongyang government .
samak has already said that if he became prime minister he would amend the constitution to allow the deposed leader to return to thai politics .
they work on hearts as well as on minds .
but he said , years ago sea levels rose meters in years a relatively short span after the collapse of the continental ice sheets .
if he feels good with his foot at that time , taking part will help him rebuild his confidence .
at least four people were shot in the parking lot of a large colorado evangelical church on sunday in the second shooting in a day linked to a religious community in the state .
authorities were conducting dna tests on tissue samples from a body believed to be shaker al abssi , the leader of fatah al islam , said a military source familiar with operations inside the nahr el bared camp near tripoli .
dainton , born in bournemouth in southern england in , was too young to remember the night when the huge liner hit an iceberg and sank in the atlantic in april , killing , people , including her father , edwy arthur west .
at least people have died and another , driven from their homes , the kenyan red cross said .
airplane crash lands into hudson river
growth exceeded forecasts , but was below the . percent rate reported in the previous quarter .
we thought it was the sun shining off an airplane , said doug ruby , who was driving along a texas highway .
the doctor says this doesn t change his plans for protecting houstonians .
it s up cents in the past weeks .
martinez met with almost all applicants who visited headquarters for jobs at the level of vice president or higher .
the death toll from the west nile virus has risen to as the disease continues to spread across the country , the centers for disease control and prevention said .
the fraud at societe general is the largest ever fraud by an individual in the securities business .
the nigerian government and rebel militia fighting in the oil producing niger delta agreed a truce on wednesday while talks took place on rebel demands for autonomy .
bayern munich survived a scare against wacker burghausen , beating the third division side in a penalty shoot out in the first round of the german cup on monday .
there are exceptions , though .
seoul appellant court ruled that migrant workers have the right to organize a labor union regardless of their legal status .
a child was later taken off the bus , after complaining of not feeling well .
the archbishop also addressed centuries old grievances with the roman catholic church .
but it is not only commercial films that have made enormous strides over the past few years .
, was assigned to japan in .
the u . s . department of transportation ranked newark liberty international airport as the worst for on time arrivals between january and august
fires have ravaged large parts of greece , affecting the peloponnese , areas around athens and evia island .
but abn s shares fell . percent to . euros in early trading , given than the offer was similar to that indicated a month ago .
eligibility is determined by several factors
speaking on the economy , bush will acknowledge that the us is undergoing a period of economic uncertainty but will seek to reassure the nation .
authorities charged them both with simple assault , criminal mischief and disorderly conduct , and the bride with an additional count of public intoxication .
musharraf , in paris as part of an eight day trip through europe aimed to rebuild western support for his embattled government , rejected claims that the violence was a sign of a resurgent taliban in the south waziristan region .
the article reported the fact that bn had passed through the suharto family s hands during the president s year reign .
lee kang gil , a spokesman for the prime minister s office , said yesterday that the government would use million from its own budget , while the rest would come from donations from the private sector .
god , if there is an open door for me somewhere , this is what i always pray , i m like , don t let me miss the open door .
the scandal broke on monday when the newspaper hankook ilbo unveiled the script of recorded remarks by chang dong ik , president of the korea medical association , during his meeting with local chapter leaders on march .
zimbabwe s opposition leader and a government minister have denied reports that a deal has been reached for president robert mugabe to step down .
the two sides are meeting for high level discussions at kaesong , just north of the border , for their first talks for months .
oil prices edged higher tuesday , staying above a barrel , amid concerns about tensions between iran and israel and a weakening dollar .
the us state department authorized the trip , despite deadlock on the issue of north korea s nuclear program .
we think of the successive waves of immigrants whose traditions have so enriched the church in america , benedict said in his homily .
mca s two universal studio parks , which have grown from basic movie set tours , drew . million visitors this year .
but two recent nationwide polls in pakistan found a majority of pakistanis believe president pervez musharraf s government had a role in her killing .
online merchants share some of the credit for the increase , said dan hess , vice president of comscore networks , a research firm that tracks online buying behavior .
defending champion james blake and top seed andy roddick won their opening matches in straight sets at the indianapolis championships on tuesday .
queen s beach and canoes in waikiki are good spots because of the calmer surf and the city lights .
moreover , as study after study has shown , signing a donor card is not a very effective way to ensure organ donation .
ndjodo added he had surveyed the entire site , about the size of a soccer field , and saw no survivors i was there . i saw none .
the united states says it will soon notify south korea and other trading partners of potential changes in bilateral free trade agreements ftas required under a new trade policy .
the president will lift the emergency to restore the constitution and the fundamental rights , he said .
for weeks , archeologist petra loenne and her team have been searching this area with metal detectors , pulling hundreds of ancient roman weapons out of the ground .
sea shepherd say they were assaulted and tied to the radar mast by the japanese crew .
ex police slapped him with a speeding ticket .
our commitment is total , but this war or whatever you would like to call it can only be won if we have hearts and minds on our side , he said .
even if the switch over to the side b backup ultimately fails , hubble managers say the design team had the foresight years ago to build a spare sic dh system , which has been warehoused at goddard all this time while the original instrument perked along just fine .
the trading day begins with a bit of an upswing .
president george w bush invoked executive privilege earlier in july to stop the two aides from testifying to congress over the sackings .
france is extending its ban on smoking to include bars , discotheques , restaurants , hotels , casinos , as well as its fabled cafes .
on friday , trade minister kim hyun chong said in seoul that a free trade pact with the united states was necessary for korea to become an advanced international trader .
the canadian mission in afghanistan was to end next february .
responding to the defense advanced research projects agency darpa s walrus program the company was given a . million grant to develop
pro and anti syrian lawmakers had come to no agreement over a compromise candidate to replace the pro syrian lahoud .
phssst , in a half second you ve skipped over the previews and landed square on the best part of the animation classic , when the seven dwarfs start singing heigh ho , heigh ho , it s off to work we go . . .
the yushin constitution was the nation s official constitution between and .
but in less time than it takes most people to commute to work , you re at the doorstep of north korea , communist alter ego of the buoyantly capitalist south .
al farhan , , is one of the few saudi web commentators who uses his own name , according to the u . s . based committee to protect journalists .
as of the end of , the won fell . percent against the u . s . dollar .
they included torture , executions and extensive forced labor , it said .
israel is saying it will continue with the operation despite increasing diplomatic pressure for a cease fire and despite a un security council resolution on thursday that called for an immediate cease fire .
at least two of the sheik s bodyguards were killed and five other escorts were wounded in the afternoon attack .
eight students are still being treated at montgomery field hospital , close to the university campus , hospital officials say .
opec , which produces roughly a third of the world s oil , is believed to be producing about million barrels a day , or well above its official target of . million .
there s a similar economy at work in this is england , the fifth feature from shane meadows .
on the u . s . list of candidates for negotiations on a free trade pact , korea is the most likely candidate to start talks , said jeffrey schott , a senior research fellow at the washington based institute for international economics .
if muqtada al sadr doesn t issue a statement by saturday extending the cease fire , the freeze will be over sunday , said sheikh salah al obeidi , a spokesman for the cleric .
president roh calls on a cooperative self defense system .
some business executives worry about the free flow of information viewed as crucial in this leading financial center .
the strike had caused delivery problems for major steel makers , including pohang based posco , one of the world s largest steel mills , as drivers prevented nonunion vehicles from entering
the medical researchers say the rubber particles can cause severe , even fatal allergic reactions .
in a group of experiments , dr . lucy brown , a professor in the department of neurology and neuroscience at the albert einstein college of medicine in new york , and her colleagues did mri brain scans on college students who were in the throes of new love .
berlin , germany cnn a storm dubbed emma slammed into europe saturday with high winds and heavy rain , killing at least two people , authorities said .
the government announced a set of long term measures to tackle rising oil prices after an energy conservation committee presided over by prime minister lee hae chan .
banks and businesses in taiwan , south korea , china and japan reported telephone and internet problems .
a marker that indicates inflammation in the body and can contribute to coronary heart disease , the no . killer of men and women in the united states .
dow industrials down points in the first half hour .
speaking at the high level session of the u . n .
he was responding to the worst election result by malaysia s governing party for years .
their efforts have been complicated by pressure from hard liners for gibbons to serve out the last week of a day sentence for having allowed her students to name a teddy bear mohammed .
i am really sorry for robert , said adler . we get on well as friends and injuries are a hard thing for any footballer to accept , but injuries and suspensions are part and parcel of football , you have to take your chances when they come .
for his part , da robert morgenthau says he wants to get to the bottom of why this was not reported .
this could explain why bees in australia may be resistant to colony collapse .
american eagle the worst .
cranley , who s , pleaded guilty earlier this week to charges stemming from an assault on a former girlfriend .
i could tell that she just wasn t feeling real well , said andersen .
the iraqi army stormed the house and overcame the guards and burst through the door and i had my hood on , which i had to have on the whole time . and they shouted something at me and i pulled my hood off , butler told tv cameras .
the announcement came a day after the president elect lee myung bak s presidential transition committee said it would leave the telecom firms to decide their own price levels . until recently , the usually stubborn transition team had insisted that they will enforce fee cuts on the firms .
it s absolutely devastating , strickland said in a telephone interview .
space agency officials said the budget would remove more than million from what nasa had budgeted for developing the new spacecraft , pushing the first manned flight of orion into march .
there were no immediate reports of injuries , but some protesters said they had been beaten by officers after marching two miles through the financial heart of south america s largest city just hours before bush was scheduled to arrive .
one of the teens was arrested sunday , police said , while the second surrendered to authorities sunday night .
it s been a good year .
agents of oil providers , who supply oil from refineries to retailers , have also been extremely profitable .
the employee also notified the fbi and the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives , as per clinic protocol , police said .
india s unions have warned they will step up their protests against plans to make it easier to lay off workers , one day after as many as ten million employees went on a strike that brought much of the urban part of the country to a standstill .
in kashmir , six head of cattle graze in two hectares five acres of forest land , although the law permits only one .
the united states has been criticized by european allies and others around the world over interrogation techniques such as waterboarding , in which prisoners are strapped to a plank over water and are made to fear that they may be drowned .
planned parenthood says an increasing number of countries worldwide are making spreading hiv a crime .
wherever men gathered at work , for card games in all male coffee shops or even at stone throwing protests against israeli occupation most smoked , and the brand of choice was marlboro .
we re at . now , so pretty significant continued upticks in the unemployment rate .
a japanese military official also noted that tokyo believes the missile flew only an extremely short distance and would not pose an immediate threat to it .
i think that was a condition , but i also think that u . s . leaders did not see that as a major problem .
i saw some policeman walk up to the drivers windows and look and and kept walking on by , so either the person was deceased or not in the car , joe costello said .
the national historic landmark district is the site of the assassination of president john f . kennedy .
so in terms of defense and security russian can look calmly to the country s future .
if the revision bill gets approval from the legislature , there would be changes in other laws on the definition of the adult age .
while nothing is certain in formula one , other than that there will always be intrigue and speculation , the sentiment was strong enough for team boss ron dennis to face questions about the spaniard s future .
appear to crosscut each other on the planet s surface .
hill said he wanted to report to u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice before going into more detail .
i have to have at least three more marriages to hit the century .
the two were found shot dead friday afternoon in their south side chicago home .
a tent like space for intimate piano concerts , it reinforces wapenaar s commitment to exploring human communication through his art .
b bombers flying to iraq , where they laid flowers at the main gate .
they claim that the police will be there within minutes of your call .
the mother said she hid the bodies in different places , including a refrigerator , to avoid being discovered and brought them with her when they moved house a year ago .
after the tramac reunion , they were taken to the presidential palace , where chavez embraced them both repeatedly .
later , he accused bhutto of ignoring warnings from the government and detailed the security provided to the former prime minister in liaquat bagh , the rawalpindi park where she was killed last week .
the korea times reports a senior afghan official , involved in the negotiations for the safe release of korean hostages held by the taliban , wednesday expressed the hope that the crisis would be resolved without further loss of lives .
they were checking into their room when the argument began , police said .
common quality of life deficiencies involved housekeeping or meals .
with less than percent of the vote counted , the labor party has won of the seats in parliament , a net gain of nearly two dozen from the last election , according to the country s web site results .
these people have now hired gardeners , pool men , cooks , and nannies .
excess nutrients can spur the growth of algae , and when the algae die , their decay consumes oxygen faster than it can be brought down from the surface .
on thursday lone star terminated an agreement with the country s largest lender kookmin to sell its controlling stake in keb for about . billion .
will it be a happy one in which he vanquishes the evil lord voldemort aka you know who and finishes his years at hogwarts in the embrace of his best friends , ron weasley and hermione granger ?
our ed donahue is here live to tell us about it
i understand they will be treated according to humanitarian principles and according to their wishes , he told reporters in south korea .
negotiations and two sets of u . n . security council sanctions have failed to persuade iran to stop its uranium enrichment program , a process that can produce fuel for nuclear power plants as well as material used in atomic weapons .
mahmoud santarisi , , said he would be pleased if the meeting led to the removal of one israeli checkpoint and allowed him to visit jerusalem , off limits because of israeli security restrictions .
game is set for tonight in philadelphia .
the prisoners , many malnourished and some showing signs of torture , were found when us troops took control of an interior ministry building on sunday .
the terrorist watch group intelcenter said it expected the video to be released within hours .
turkey s semi official anadolou agency reported that four turkish soldiers were killed and nine others were wounded on tuesday in fighting in turkey s sirnak province in the southeast .
a total of south korean missions abroad are under threat of terrorist attacks but the ministry of foreign affairs and trade has not provided proper financial assistance for their protection , the board of audit and inspection bai announced thursday .
crude rose on word that oil exports from nigeria , africa s biggest oil producer and a major u . s . supplier , could fall by as much as million barrels a day due to the nation s deteriorating security situation and planned maintenance .
the storm made landfall in quang binh and ha tinh provinces around p . m . , packing winds of more than mph , disaster officials said .
the judge who ordered suspects held for allegedly plotting a suicide attack in barcelona , cited in his rulings the testimony of an informant . cnn has viewed the rulings .
the party said the agreement will weaken national security and the nation s alliance with washington amid what it claimed was a heightening threat from north korea .
and folks who work the late shift want to take care of some household chores on the way home .
washington has accused pyongyang of not fully disclosing its nuclear programs under the agreement reached with the u . s . and other regional partners .
duke shot his comedic short caution , wet paint in just two days .
in a field adjacent to the next church , stands the langdysse tingstedet a , year old dolmen .
but he stressed the korean troops will focus on economic rehabilitation and humanitarian activities .
the super bowl will be broadcast in countries and territories , the nfl said .
the government yesterday announced a plan to hire up to , more officials in the next five years amid a raging dispute over a push by local administrations to dump deadbeat public servants .
no damage was noted to any of the vehicles .
he said he d been speculating on the financial markets and had lost everything , so he . . . wanted to spare his family the shame , braunsperger said .
enraged with the illegal use of their programs , the companies led by microsoft that claim the rights to the intellectual property filed a class action lawsuit on may against the nine illegal users .
low cost carrier southwest had the lowest complaint rate .
it also divvies up cabinet posts in the new government .
among other cities around that world that have announced bids or interest in are almaty , kazakhstan
the countries are to convene a third round of talks in july aimed at persuading north korea to give up its nuclear weapons program .
but if opinion polls are any indication , the vote is going to be very close .
decoding a genome , which is called sequencing , means identifying the order of the building blocks .
in that case , somebody would know about my death , he said .
in a press release , the network announced that s premiere , set for january , was being postponed to ensure that the seventh season can air uninterrupted , in its entirety .
it s called the internet of things
the collapsed section was more than feet tall and was situated above land on the river bank in vinh long province , said vo thanh tong , chairman of the can tho people s committee . the four lane bridge was not yet open to traffic .
roh , however , refused the request .
but in december of last year , british prime minister tony blair advised the uk s attorney general lord goldsmith to halt proceedings and abandon the investigation . thursday , at the g summit in heiligendamm , germany , blair , standing side by side with bush , was asked by a reporter whether he was aware that his government was approving payments to a friend of president bush s , a clear reference to british media reports about the alleged payments to prince bandar .
jarre won an academy award for writing the haunting lara s theme for the film doctor zhivago .
in the first inter korean cargo flight , south korea s red cross will transport blankets , medicine and other aid to north korea on friday to help the communist nation cope with a devastating train explosion .
the application was submitted , the criteria for the grant were fulfilled and the project was approved .
the impasse stems from a north korean demand that it be provided with a light water nuclear reactor as part of a deal to give up nuclear weapons and on the intransigence of the united states in denying north korea any kind of peaceful nuclear program .
lee dong kwan , spokesman of the team , told reporters that the next government will seek alternative legislation replacing the current newspaper law to give press companies more autonomy .
usually tame by modern tv standards , the swimwear competition kicked it up a notch .
she was informed of the threat to her , the first time about three to four weeks back when she wanted to the same place , musharraf said .
the last strip featuring the beloved , large beaked penguin will run in about newspapers nationwide november . breathed announced monday he s calling it quits after a comics career that has spanned nearly years .
i have a responsibility and it s something that i did wrong , and if i could personally apologize to every single person that has lost a loved one from drunk driving i would , richie said .
after word spread beyond medical circles this summer , they learned of about more people with similar symptoms .
each one of these things really does make a difference , and they add up , bloomberg said .
earlier this month , zookeepers put tsuyoshi under anesthesia to get to the bottom of the matter .
second trading day of the new year on wall street and the dow industrials open down points , nasdaq off .
her hit song rehab describes her reluctance to enter a rehabilitation center , which she did last summer .
on wednesday , obama s next challenger , arizona sen . john mccain , the presumed republican nominee , congratulated obama on his victory and immediately challenged him to town hall meetings before the parties conventions in late august and september .
microsoft corp . s xbox costs and nintendo corp . s wii costs .
the milf has fought for a separate state in the predominantly catholic philippines for nearly years .
the chatenay malabry laboratory outside paris rechecked samples from this year s tour after a new test became available to detect cera , an advanced version of epo .
the deaths are blamed on enterovirus , or ev , one of the most common causes of hand foot mouth disease hfmd .
also doing well at the sag nominations were the curious case of benjamin button and milk , both of which earned three nominations .
meanwhile , koreans who run their own businesses on average report only half of their earnings to tax authorities , economists said yesterday .
don t be afraid of anything , chaudhry told the lawyers gathered in islamabad . god will help us and the day will come when you ll see the constitution supreme and no dictatorship for a long time .
the shaheen ii ballistic missile , launched from an undisclosed location , has a range of , miles .
her captor killed himself by throwing himself under a train only hours after she fled .
nato aircraft dropped hundreds of leaflets monday night on several villages in southern afghanistan that have been seized by the taliban , warning residents to leave ahead of an allied operation against the rebels , officials said .
he spent nearly seven years in prison for attempted murder , vehicular hijacking and possessing a stolen vehicle .
sharif s tirade against president pervez musharraf came as troops and militants clashed near the afghan border , leaving dead . separately , a bomb concealed on a motorbike in the southern city of karachi killed at least nine people and wounded .
between and , fuel surcharges rose from about to about per ticket for a round trip long haul flight on ba or virgin .
dutt s trial has transfixed india and fans of bollywood , the world s largest film industry by ticket sales .
rasmussen s expulsion came just one day after another favorite , alexander vinokourov tested positive for blood doping .
james says it was magic , against the magic
we felt we had to react to the news that an earth like planet , which could support intelligent life had been discovered , sharpe said .
the home side wasted a series of chances to make the game safe with emmanuel adebayor and williams gallas the main offenders and were nearly made to pay for their profligacy as shaun wright phillips crossed for michael essien to head a th minute equalizer .
twelve registered with the national election commission during the two day registration period that closed on monday , commission officials said .
she s also a publisher who runs strebor books , an imprint of simon schuster with more than authors , many of whom get a sales boost from their association with zane .
the billions of dollars being spent in iraq could be better used to improve things in america .
the hearing began on sunday .
but the asteroid , designated mn , is not in the same league as potential killer rocks measuring more than . miles in diameter , some of which are known to lurk in our space neighborhood between mars and venus .
using gfp , researchers have developed ways to watch processes that were previously invisible , like the development of nerve cells or how cancer cells spread .
cnn governments need to ban all tobacco advertising and promotions to deter adolescents from smoking , the world health organization said friday .
was not around , they left a series of messages on the veteran actor s phone , joking about brand s sexual relationship with sachs granddaughter georgina baillie , .
the agreement must establish a palestine as a homeland for the palestinian people , just as israel is a homeland for the jewish people .
i like sitting down with each picture .
cnn it may not be the most appetizing reading before a hearty holiday meal , but the new england journal of medicine is devoting part of its thanksgiving issue to a giant hairball and not the feline kind .
once the year old got to school , she would remove the scarf and change into close fitting jeans .
why is it that they now announce the judges names ?
everyone who carries weapons , who shoots and attacks is responsible . everyone must stop it .
a still disorganized noel headed toward the bahamas late monday , spurring the government to issue a watch as the storm churned miles southeast of great exuma island , according to the national hurricane center in miami , florida .
a man infected with the extensively drug resistant form of tb known as xdr tb knew he was not supposed to travel overseas but did so anyway , director of the centers for disease control and prevention dr . julie gerberding told cnn s american morning on wednesday .
this is a pre planned , and this is an organized move from basra palace to basra air station .
the aftershock damaged more than , other homes , according to state media . it also damaged another dam , cutting off several more roads in the region .
he is never happy with the food i make and always complains . this can t go on .
clinton won kentucky by more than points , but obama s share of the state s delegates was enough put him over the threshold , according to cnn estimates .
further north , at least seven fires burned near malibu , the beach community that is home to dozens of celebrities .
you didn t have the video and dvd we have .
we have sent information to great britain before the terrorist attacks in britain , abdullah said . but unfortunately , no action was taken , and it may have been able to avert the tragedy .
second life allows users to create alter egos known as avatars and interact with other players , forming relationships , holding down jobs and trading products and services for a virtual currency convertible into real life dollars .
the smuggling conviction carries a maximum sentence of years in prison , a , fine and up to three years of court supervision after release .
the other dolphin , tyler , is being watched by veterinarians but appears to be fine , bides said .
the disease affects women more than men .
both sides have ignored abbas call for a cease fire , and he blamed both sides for the escalation wednesday .
most of the democratic senators who are uncommitted superdelegates will endorse sen . barack obama for president this week , sources told cnn monday .
for instance , to get into the vatican museum during the minute groups only window each morning from to , you must fax your request exactly one month in advance literally within a minute window of when you want an appointment .
the man is featured in photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of six and , interpol said .
biological treatment for biodegradable liquid wastes
the two sides have not held substantive talks on the abduction issue since last december , when japan accused north korea of lying .
simpson was wearing a blue jail jumpsuit and handcuffs .
bertinotti said there was a small reception afterward that also lasted about minutes .
if the whales can be returned to their natural sea water habitat , which is cleaner than the fresh water in the port , they likely won t need treatment , the researchers said .
researchers can now give various proteins and cells different colors , enabling them to follow different biological processes at the same time , the foundation said .
i saw women insisting that their daughters be given the same opportunities for schooling as their sons .
it is important to make efforts to ensure that south and north korea cooperate and six countries each assume their responsibilities , lee said .
the system is intended to protect classified information and provides detainees with fewer rights than civilian or military courts .
uncle sam has told nine top banks it s buying preferred shares , and it s offered to do the same for , smaller ones .
romania , the new deaths pushed the toll from the heat wave up to , and , people have been admitted to hospitals in the region s second devastating hot spell this year .
former secretary of state colin powell announced sunday that he will be voting for sen . barack obama , citing the democrat s ability to inspire and the inclusive nature of his campaign .
the boy , his legs kicking , had what appeared to be a white cloth over his head as jackson , briefly holding the child with one arm , displayed him tuesday to dozens of fans waiting below the window of the luxurious adlon hotel .
united airlines canceled about flights in denver and some in chicago to catch up from delays caused by an earlier midwest storm .
the press and television that is trying to incriminate that relationship is truly unseemly , she said .
this is alice in wonderland !
the basis of public service , which i ve given my life to , a career choice .
engineers installed a new valve thursday to replace a leaky one in endeavour s crew cabin .
at least people have been killed in india and neighboring bangladesh , and million driven from their homes in recent days .
marcellus jackson s father saved the boy s life by throwing him out of the way of the speeding car , fenty said .
however , they also stumbled onto x rated images through other normal internet use , the researchers said , including talking online with friends , visiting chat rooms and playing games .
the fire forced the los angeles zoo to put most of its , animals inside holding quarters , the associated press reported .
we had our chances and we didn t take advantage , juventus coach claudio ranieri said .
the man , who was not identified , was treated onboard his charter boat for a deep cut to his calf muscle before being airlifted by helicopter to a hospital in the northern city of cairns .
the movie is competing for the top golden lion award at the city s film festival .
if you did not make enough to require filing a return that year , you may still have had money withheld from your pay .
while obama rival sen . hillary clinton began the presidential campaign with a massive advantage in congressional endorsements , klobuchar s endorsement now gives obama a edge over clinton among their democratic senate colleagues .
prices edged higher on monday on concerns about heating oil supplies and after an opec official said there is no need for the cartel to pump more oil .
the parents had split custody , but federline then asked for the arrangements to be shifted to in his favor .
beijing , china cnn the united states and north korea have resolved a dispute over million frozen in a macao bank , a u . s . official announced monday .
that makes venture capital a prime support for the innovation and productivity gains which have characterized the new economy .
climate change is happening faster than previously predicted according to a new world wildlife fund report .
nasrallah said hariri s killing in a massive truck bomb on feb . , , was a loss for the whole country .
the last time a spacecraft flew past mercury was in , by nasa s mariner .
sales , apparently , were not affected
another , people were injured and , missing .
japanese equity markets are in turmoil , with the key nikkei average plunging to levels not seen for almost years .
strict quality controls begin in the field and end in the factories .
president bush and french president nicolas sarkozy on wednesday called on pakistani president gen . pervez musharraf to hold planned elections and to step down from the military .
however , the meetings were not rescheduled .
kumgang by describing it a source of revenue for the pyongyang regime .
the united nations climate change conference in bali is in its final hours , and negotiations are expected to last well into the night as the summit wraps up mid day friday local time .
she doesn t belong to anybody , somebody s going to belong to her , said event organizer sharon king davis , whose grandfather helped bury the plymouth .
lacking that , he says , a bad situation could get dramatically worse , john .
having clinton as his top diplomat turns a once bitter rivalry into a high profile union a goodwill gesture after a heated primary fight .
the fundamental principle of the resolution is that iraq will not be governed from the center anytime soon , said delaware sen . joseph biden on thursday .
he said he could not lift his head for shame and would take responsibility for failing to check the data that was produced by his researchers .
a u . s . apache ah helicopter was forced to land tuesday in baghdad after coming under attack by ground fire , the u . s . military said . the military described the incident as a precautionary landing east of the new baghdad district .
the box office total of . billion had set a new all time record .
after a few hours of charging the battery , we were ready for our first test a routine in which the er recognizes its box and moves toward it .
it s a breathless account of the events of that january day and the nightmarish five weeks that followed , as u . s . intelligence and pakistan s counterterrorist agency hunted the kidnappers .
the injured were taken to hospitals after being rescued from the train by villagers when the train stopped near al ayatt , about miles south of cairo .
afzal s cause of death could not be determined , and an autopsy would be conducted , the statement said .
venezuela rejects the charges , saying it is the victim of traffickers .
ali ashgar soltanieh , tehran s chief delegate to the iaea , told the associated press that sanctions against the islamic republic only create more solidarity of the iranian nation to protect their inalienable rights .
otherwise , ronner said , things like voicemails about patient care might get an erroneous time stamp .
the great tenor , luciano pavarotti , died today at a . m . at his home in modena , the city of his birth , his manager , terri robson , said in a statement .
don t ask me how proud i am , words can t describe .
our embassy will provide all necessary support for the representatives of rusal who plan to arrive in nigeria in the near future and join the rescue effort , he said .
deputy justice minister boshu ibrahim said most of the prisoners were informed of the upcoming transfer by iraq s acting justice minister last week and were very happy to hear they will be in iraqi custody soon .
but microsoft did not have an os of its own .
the europeans are pushing for an agreement that contains specific numbers for emissions cuts , but washington wants to leave room for future negotiations , including next month s u . s . sponsored climate talks in hawaii .
the , square foot , square meter advertisement is nearly invisible from the ground , but can be seen by airline passengers , tandridge district council spokeswoman giuseppina valenza said thursday .
the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs , subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of blade runner or the fifth element .
richard gere tried to quell the storm over a public kiss he gave a bollywood star at an aids awareness event , apologizing friday for any offense .
that s partly because a compass adds a bit to manufacturing costs while its benefits have not always been made clear .
cnn britain s prince harry was honored on monday for his recent military service in afghanistan , which was cut short after news of his mission became public .
at least civilians have been killed , others wounded today in a suicide attack on a u . s . military convoy in eastern afghanistan .
meanwhile , colombia said monday it won t send troops to its southwest and northeast borders , where venezuelan and ecuadoran military forces were to be separately deployed after a colombian raid into ecuador .
a memorial day weekend tradition at the brickyard
thousands of revelers pressed against metal barriers erected around the square , which is bordered on one side by the ornate , sprawling winter palace , the one time seat of czarist power .
president george w . bush unveiled his intention to work with the u . s .
but he said the run for the oval office was not his battle .
just four days after the euphoria over the debut of three and a half month old cuddly knut , the mysterious death of chinese born yan yan stole the headlines in tuesday s german newspapers .
when she gets to the wazir akbar khan district , a hangout of diplomats and aid workers , she unwraps her folded rice sack .
frankly , i would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because i think there s time for at least a few more books yet .
the overall economy is still contracting very sharply , and we are shedding jobs at a rapid pace .
in another market attack in baquba , gunmen fatally shot two civilians , the diyala official told cnn .
revenues are increasing a year .
the dead and injured have been transported to a hospital , he said .
the woman , whose name has not been released , was killed saturday at her family sheep and cattle ranch near mitchell , miles west of the queensland state capital brisbane , state police detective senior constable craig gregory said .
the story needs to be rewritten .
rioters burned tires and blocked roads in karachi and other cities , police sources said .
the document is intended to provide guidelines for talks on the testier sticking points , such as settlements , timelines , the role of the international community , the fate of jerusalem and the labeling of israel as a jewish state .
in the letter , the south rejected north korea s demand for an apology over remarks made by gen .
cnn fidel castro announced his resignation as president of cuba and commander in chief of cuba s military on tuesday , according to a letter published in the state run newspaper , granma .
aaa s lon anderson says with the holiday coming on a friday , there will be more adults partying tonight
i think it s incredibly important to preserve the buildings , brigham said . they have a much more human scale than skyscrapers .
i think the chances are that he s no longer with us , branson said . i think everybody involved has pretty well given up hope , sadly .
southern california edison said , customers in los angeles , orange , ventura , riverside and san bernardino counties had no electricity , spokesman steve conroy said .
hawkins had lived for about the past year and a half with debora maruca kovac , who told cnn she took him in because he reminded her of a lost puppy that nobody wanted .
the dollar held steady but stocks pared gains and prices for u . s . government bonds slipped on the announcement , as traders saw it signaling less likelihood the central bank would lower interest rates later in the year .
the couple declined comment upon their release sunday morning .
ruoppolo , who is also the emergency relief officer for ifaw , has a lot of experience saving penguins and other animals injured in oil spills .
ties between the neighbors , never close , had been further strained by the visits to a controversial war memorial by the incumbent prime minister , junichiro koizumi .
ap s bryant thomas reports that women who are married and in the military have an even tougher time .
president barack obama admits to having a favorite in tonight s super bowl
nearly , people are still missing from the ethnic wars fought in the former yugoslavia in the s , the international committee of the red cross said thursday .
the state run station said the military was using helicopters to deliver medicine , food and several generators throughout the irrawaddy delta , the hardest hit region , specifically in the areas around bassein and pyapon .
after the win , jankovic took a spin in the red porsche convertible given to the winner and appeared to have more trouble controlling the powerful car than the match .
paul theroux , the novelist and travel writer , once wrote that it was singapore s image as a hot , sleepy backwater , full of colonial relics , crumbling houses , and old habits that lured him to the city state in the late s . they re burying the old singapore . it will be gone soon , he lamented in his book my other life .
the deal values bear stearns at million , or just a share .
that year , overall turnout was percent .
right after i got the gig , a friend of a friend e mailed me and said , you know , congratulations , i m so happy for you , and also i just wanted to impart to you how great a
they said more study is needed before excessive use of video and online games a problem that affects about percent of players could be considered a mental illness .
john , the president says the bailout plan passed by congress , coupled with aggressive actions by the fed and governments around the world , will restore confidence to world markets .
new hampshire is the next battleground in the state by state process of picking democratic and republican candidates for november s presidential election to succeed president george w . bush .
the seoul district public prosecutors office said thursday that it imposed the overseas travel ban on samsung group restructuring office officials and former samsung everland executives who carried out chairman lee s illegal wealth transfer scheme in november .
she is just years old , but she is the breadwinner for her family .
thousands of burmese risk the trip to thailand in the hope of better wages .
chain restaurants already must make the calorie counts of their menu items publicly available , but beginning march they will have to put the numbers on menu boards and menus .
although critics complained that pavarotti s vocal skills were waning , the trio performed together for years .
yoichiro nambu of the university of chicago will take half the prize for the discovery of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics .
she wouldn t go as far as to say diplomatic normalization with pyongyang is possible before she leaves office in early .
when they re specifically asked to describe their actual daily routine , they remember the hours they spent struggling to get their child dressed or ready for bed .
the first of what could be inches of snow by thursday already is on the ground around detroit .
sony s move comes two days before the start of the video game industry s annual e trade show in santa monica , california , where some expect microsoft to respond with its first price cuts on the xbox .
whitmore said brosnan wasn t arrested or detained .
the hogans moved to a million bayfront estate on miami beach in .
the carrier said the fuel pump problem was detected when the plane s engine was started ahead of departure monday night on a flight from singapore to sydney .
two police officers were wounded in the blast .
cnn an austrian man has confessed to killing five members of his family with an ax , vienna police said wednesday .
but daily mail columnist a . n . wilson condemned the unpleasant mockery of kate middleton by william s braying friends .
frank hinks , a lawyer representing the estates of margaret and her mother , told the court brown had produced no evidence of value to prove an insane delusion .
and the differences between brain volumes in drinkers and nondrinkers were quite small
pakistan will not allow any foreign forces to conduct activities inside its territory , prime minister shaukat aziz told legislators monday , according to a government statement .
the european car manufacturers association , acea , said it is merely responding to consumer demand .
he later took on global warming and the theories surrounding it in his novel , state of fear , which attracted attacks in its own right from scientists , including nasa climatologist james hansen .
washington cnn a new brain scan study may help explain what s going on in the minds of financial titans when they take risky monetary gambles sex .
the most important thing to discuss would be how to cooperate between the south and north to swiftly implement the february nuclear agreement , south korean unification minister lee jae joung said before leaving for pyongyang .
and almost years after graduation
president clinton says it does take special efforts to make a significant impact on global issues like climate change and poverty .
when nowak complained she couldn t hear shipman and started to cry , shipman opened her car window about two inches and nowak sprayed pepper spray into the car , police said .
at the same time , labor costs are more and more .
cnn police have recovered two of the four impressionist paintings stolen earlier this month in a daring museum heist , police in zurich , switzerland said tuesday .
protesters accuse the president of corruption , authoritarianism and failing to tackle poverty .
the money was frozen for nearly two years in a macau bank after the us claimed it was gained through drug smuggling and counterfeiting , making other banks unwilling to touch it .
he was released on , bail .
israeli forces fired at militants in gaza after hamas militants targeted israeli forces almost immediately at p . m . , according to israeli defense ministry spokesman peter lerner .
the constitutional court on thursday ruled the government s plan to move the capital is unconstitutional , putting the brakes on the relocation project pursued by the roh moo hyun government as a key item on the national agenda .
california fires force thousands to evacuate
that s according to a report by the international labor organization .
many superdelegates pledge allegiance to a candidate well before the party convention , but they can change their minds .
executive at federal express and then at mccaw cellular .
prosecutors allege that five italian intelligence officials worked with the americans almost all cia agents to abduct terror suspect osama moustafa hassan nasr from a milan street on february , .
it s a very fuming acid . a quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds .
if confirmed , the arrest would represent a major blow to al qaeda in iraq , which has been on the run for the past year following an influx of thousands of u . s . troops and a shift in alliances by sunni tribesmen in western anbar province , and elsewhere .
we ve known each other for a long time and we had a great relationship and . . . we ve been trying to find something to do together for a while , he said .
british troops started pulling out of basra palace on sunday night .
saito set up his site last year to give tips on how to commit suicide , the agency said .
produced by brad pitt and starring angelina jolie , a mighty heart is based on mariane pearl s memoir of the same name .
the announcement comes with microsoft and yahoo !
lieberfarb believes that the dvd has a window of opportunity to implant itself on the public psyche before networks rule the world .
news services placed the turnout rate at . percent .
a svelte pound year old could turn into an overweight pound year old .
the judge said the group also had leeway to use the logo to promote itself and raise money for its charitable works .
australian police raided properties in the state of victoria , which led to the arrests of eight men suspected of being part of a drug trafficking and financing network still controlled by mokbel .
another possibility , the study speculated , is that low levels of alcohol could stimulate the release acetylcholine , a brain chemical believed to facilitate learning and memory .
a live report from white house correspondent mark smith in europe
they are expected to be tried behind closed doors at rangoon s insein prison , where they have been held under emergency powers since the protests .
abe , who has admitted his ruling coalition faces an uphill battle ahead of upper house elections this month , said akagi had done nothing wrong .
the by elections also determined six chiefs of local administrations and local councilors nationwide .
the world s major economic powers were forced into action after weeks of turmoil on financial markets saw trillions wiped off the value of stocks .
but it s very doubtful at this time , and i told the families this three days ago .
syria decided to move troops to eastern lebanon , following year old agreement .
barbara s intuition told her the doctor wasn t giving her daughter the right treatment , but she just couldn t tell him .
gregory daniels , , was arrested tuesday on suspicion of burglary for the attempted heist from pomona ranch market , police said .
some women have been targeted , sexually assaulted and killed .
, cessna citation or gulfstream , and usually costing million to million .
among other things , the market s staggering under the weight of aig
one constant through centuries of tumult was kimchi , korea s famous , fermented vegetable dish .
but some critics didn t like the three hour musical by producer kevin wallace .
republican minority leader john boehner said attempts to undermine us policy would embolden terrorists worldwide .
the opposition movement for democratic change , led by presidential contender morgan tsvangirai , announced sunday that it had won enough votes in saturday s presidential and parliamentary election to end the year old incumbent s reign .
this pilot exam will serve as a test bed to gauge the controversial language exam s feasibility and reliability . the official said it s too early to conclude whether the state backed plan will replace world wide recognized tests in admission processes of foreign schools .
a pair of roadside bombs exploded along a commercial street in central baghdad s karrada district monday , killing eight people and wounding others , police said .
the two men , based in helmand province , southern afghanistan , had been holding meetings with different tribes and groups , including possibly the taliban .
cnn as election day inches closer , barack obama continues to hold a significant lead over john mccain , according to cnn s average of several recent polls .
all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least people and wounded , officials said .
a new island in east greenland is a clear sign of how the place is changing .
dedicated , kids first , he said . she s really inventive and great fun to them and very , very protective .
when you think of the olympics , maybe you think of michael phelps .
the six nation discussions on north korea s nuclear program may resume on september , according to the chinese envoy and co ordinator for the talks .
speaking just before he left for beijing , north korean envoy kim gye gwan said his country had a right to peaceful nuclear activity .
developments in touch screen technology have resulted in large screens that can be used by multiple people , creating table top tools for collaboration at work .
the ruling and opposition parties agreed to wednesday relocate ministries and six other government agencies to the yongi kongju area in south chungchong province , where a new administrative town will be built .
no price was announced , though gardner predicted the castle would sell for more than million . he added that habsburg will only sell it to a buyer who will treat the property and its history with appropriate respect .
according to the proposal , the island s two counties will be merged with its two cities , and are to be directly controlled by the provincial government .
weak demand at home for imports and a surge in shipments of japanese cars , flat screen tvs and other key exports to asia it jumped percent from a year ago the customs cleared trade surplus grew for a third straight month a severe shortage of food aid is forcing hungry north koreans to scrounge for grass and seaweed , the united nations says .
everyone was telling me how beautiful my hair was , the year old said .
the u . s . military is planning to send hundreds of new troops to afghanistan to increase security before the oct .
but his ump party fell far short of the landslide victory it was predicted to win in the second round vote .
only about mountain gorillas were estimated to be living in the park at last count , out of an estimated in the world .
passengers attempted to escape the flames by jumping from the train as its driver carried on unaware of the blaze spreading through the rear carriages .
when space shuttle discovery blasts off tuesday , a woman will be sitting in the commander s seat .
although the american business community in korea has strongly supported including south korea on the u . s . visa waiver program vwp , washington is still quite cautious about this .
along the latest companies laying off , hard drive maker western digital , managed care company aetna , and plastic container maker newell rubbermaid .
cnn malaysia expects to send home at least , foreign workers by next year to open up more jobs for its citizens , a local newspaper reported sunday .
the ship had two taiwanese and chinese crew members on board when it was hijacked almost miles kilometers northeast of the somali capital , mogadishu in may .
peres , head of the center left labour party , said the divisive atmosphere recalled the climate when prime minister yitzhak rabin was killed in by an ultra nationalist jew opposed to his peace deals with the palestinians .
the abortion vote split mexico s population , which is catholic , and prompted a letter last week from pope benedict xvi urging mexican bishops to oppose it .
the campaign was launched in by the nelson mandela foundation .
london , england cnn the bishop of london said sunday he would order an investigation into a wedding like church service for two male priests .
he also said it appears that the nato allies are prepared to make a long term commitment to the struggling nation .
the truth of china s northeastern project ?
he and colleague sana inoue report the results in tuesday s issue of the journal current biology .
then she put her head down again and closed her eyes .
padilla attorney anthony natale declined to comment on the outcome .
the u . s . geological survey measured the quake s magnitude at . .
the korea times has reported the high court ruled on sunday that it is illegal to force people to drink and to stay late at a drinking session on the ground that it violates personal rights and the right to pursue happiness .
pelosi has not endorsed a presidential candidate
so this is a nice departure from the usual .
we are talented people , we are no different from the rest of the world s people , he said .
hoping to lure american visitors , air greenland launched a direct flight from baltimore last month , and there is even talk of global warming tourism to see warming island .
one is for congress to vote a lower salary . another way is for hillary clinton simply to accept a lower salary .
another , more virulent strain , is also circulating , federal reserve chairman alan greenspan has expressed optimism about the health of the u . s . economy , but acknowledged that corporate scandals had indirectly hurt business spending and called for tougher penalties for ceos who break the law .
i was saying to paula , what does he mean , he sang nasally on purpose ?
the spokeswoman , amelia soares , told the bbc that no one was injured and that the miners have access to water .
amstetten , austria cnn a man who previously rented an apartment from a now year old man accused of holding his daughter captive in his cellar for years told cnn thursday he saw the man s son enter the basement .
the korea times reports indications are that korean policymakers are charting programs to win support from the people and the national assembly for the ratification of the crucial free trade deal with the united states .
luisa bertoncello , managing director of flash partners said she was shocked by the explicitness and blatant truth the photo conveys .
mitchell wiener s son says his year old father had been sick with flu symptoms last weekend , but it didn t seem serious until wednesday now wiener is suffering from kidney failure and a lung infection .
for an hour , customers with getfriday an indian company based in bangalore are paired with a personal assistant .
the measure will make new jersey the first state in more than years to outlaw capital punishment .
emergency powers will give gusmao control of the army and police , split by internal disputes and gang violence .
the probe on these four firms showed that most multilevel salespersons are jobseekers in their s or college students , according to the watchdog .
there s good news for some thousand american fighting men and women and their families today .
she left the sect before she could be placed in an arranged marriage .
the other photographer involved was kyle henderson , .
those comments seemed to set a different tone than on tuesday in south korea , where he said the company was not ruling out alternative partnerships after the failure to buy yahoo .
the consequences of not registering through esta could therefore be far reaching , says the foreign office .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid , in a telephone interview with cnn monday , said that hostage shim sungmin had been killed monday .
the ministry of science and technology most said thursday it is looking to draw up a draft in march for presentation to the national assembly .
browne s love life has become the subject of scrutiny after chevalier sold his story to a british newspaper .
dozens of homes have been burned , but no injuries are reported .
most of the victims were men whom pichushkin had lured to the park with the promise of a drink , investigators said .
in december of last year , the committee for the democratization of north korea , a group established by defectors , claimed that percent of the rice aid from the south went to north korean soldiers .
according to the list , more than percent of korean hospitals and clinics prescribed antibiotics to their patients for common conditions such as cold , coughs and sore throats .
even though he s been reaching out to other former opponents like hillary clinton , the president elect is not expected to offer mccain a job in his administration .
for the movie version of these bedridden travel notes , schnabel who rose to fame in the s as a painter also decided to take flight . .
newspaper accounts from the time show he was on the mountain during the initial raising of a smaller american flag , though he had returned to his unit by the time the more
the order expands similar sanctions imposed in .
the real problem may be that those disaffected clinton or obama supporters may just stay at home in november , which could cost the party dearly in some key states .
esta does not change the rules for citizens from countries that require visas .
his son , wife linda and daughter brooke regularly appear on the show .
ap white house correspondent mark smith has the latest on that , live from chicago .
according to the federal reserve board , some , households
defense minister yoon ruled out a possibility that south korean troops would be engaged in combat or public security missions during a crucial iraqi national election in jan .
the worldwide information technology industry is expected to grow by more than percent next year .
u . s . labor secretary elaine chao , briefing reporters at the end of the first day of talks , said agriculture secretary mike johanns had made a forceful presentation to the chinese about the concerns americans have about food safety .
his captors warned they would kill three more italians in their custody unless u . s . troops leave the country .
scientists caution that the data are insufficient to conclude that the fragile ozone layer is on the mend .
he also accused sen . john mccain for embracing the president s attacks on democrats , and suggesting that i wasn t fit to protect this nation that i love .
after a showdown between gov . orval faubus and president eisenhower , the little rock nine entered central high school on september , escorted by members of the st airborne .
the governing conservative grand national party gnp became the largest party by securing out of the national assembly seats but failed to win an absolute majority of as of p . m .
some protesters called on japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi to step down and even threatened to blow up tokyo s yasukuni shrine , a memorial to world war ii japanese soldiers which korea and other asian countries occupied by japan during the war detest because it contains class a war criminals .
when a girl signs up , they are given a naked virtual character to look after and pitted against other girls to earn bimbo dollars so they can dress her in sexy outfits and take her clubbing .
the three tenors in concert , recorded in , remains the best selling classical album of all time .
we want to go back to our mark smith for a moment to hear about the president s surprise visit to the white house press room last night
two weeks after cyclone nargis devastated myanmar , the country s reclusive junta leader than shwe visited a refugee camp outside yangon , according to video broadcast on state television .
ritchie made his name with s lock , stock and two smoking barrels , a london gangster movie hailed by critics , who called him the british version of u . s . director quentin tarantino .
with nearly a million residents , honolulu has still managed to keep the delicate balance between the city and its natural environment , offering visitors the best of both worlds .
but china s foreign ministry defended the death penalty , saying china limited it to a small number of criminals .
in turkey , the government holds most power but the president can veto laws and appointments of officials , and name judges .
the president of the spanish olympic committee conceded he doesn t know when there will be lyrics for the anthem , and many here say there isn t enough time to get lyrics approved before the aug . start of the summer olympic games in beijing . yet the search goes on .
according to the committee report , released monday evening on its web site , the executive board of the organization must consider whether wolfowitz will be able to provide the leadership needed to effectively carry out the mission of the
china is japan s no . trade partner
the place is lit up like shea stadium .
but as we investigated , it started to develop into something that may not have been a runaway , he said , and police began to believe martinez wanted them to bring back his daughter , since he had received no payment .
during his meeting with jiang , kim was believed to have expressed a strong doubt that north korea would ever get security guarantees from the united states even if it gives up its nuclear weapons .
we expect there to be elections as soon as possible and that the president should remove his military uniform , bush said .
as we can see , this mexican version of playboy magazine shows the cover of a model as you were explaining
we ll be the onetime this tough so we re not going to be focused on beating them three times , we re just going to be focused on the one game we haven t had .
reports also suggested his relationship with quinn had become strained , but in a statement on the club s web site keane gave no hint of a rift .
not that her life has gone exactly as planned .
the high torque permanent magnet electric motor is mounted between the flywheel and the gearbox and assists the petrol engine during starting , accelerating and hill climbing , switching off during steady cruising when the petrol engine is at its most efficient .
in three days gergiev worked this orchestra together and afterwards he bounced off the stage and said , when can we do this again ?
president roh moo hyun said thursday that the south korea u . s alliance would remain intact even after the transfer of wartime operational command , reaffirming his determination to get the military control back from the u . s .
various reports show a worryingly high level of internet addiction in korea .
what annoys me about some players today is this personal glory thing . they score a goal and then knock players out of the road so they can have their own private , personal gratification and praise from the fans . it s ugly seeing these kind of celebrations .
sultan hashem ahmed , and hussein rashid , all from the sunni dominated hussein government , were found guilty of war crimes during the bloody anfal offensive during the late s in iraq s kurdish region .
the french government has authorized a range of emergency powers in an effort to combat nights of rioting .
i want to thank the passengers , too , for their calmness and good sense in extremely unfamiliar circumstances .
at least nine others were wounded before an off duty israel defense forces officer shot the gunman dead , jerusalem district police commander aharon franko said .
medical experts consulted by the spanish media said that the collapse was precipitated by a weakness in the right ventricle of the player s heart that can cause arrhythmias .
there were delegates at stake in north carolina and in indiana .
pakistan information minister tariq azim said the state of emergency could still be an option , particularly if the situation deteriorated in the country s north west frontier province , which borders afghanistan .
cnn do you think you will be using a personal computer for the rest of your life ?
the roof of the bus was blown off and officers were pulling a number of bodies from the wreckage , an ap reporter at the scene said .
pervez mir said the dna testing was supposed to have taken place thursday , before the team left kingston for montego bay , but police agreed to allow the tests to take place friday so the team would not miss its flight .
antoine ghonda , a congolese lawmaker and former foreign minister , said the crash killed at least people while roughly others including five crew members
hopkin , the boat dealer , described his meeting with darwin to cnn .
on that occasion , several lawmakers boycotted chirac as a protest against france s nuclear testing in the south pacific .
officers chased the truck into a residential neighborhood , where the men drove into a dead end street .
for example , she s seen women who are having heart attacks tell the doctor that they think it s just indigestion .
as you step up , we step back , the british commander , maj . gen . graham binns , told iraqi troops and political officials , at a transfer ceremony broadcast live on iraqi state television .
the music is not about just music anymore , it s about the look , the it factor if you will . . . it s marketing .
the teen , whom cnn interviewed but is not identifying by her last name , is among dozens of young people who are turning to social networking sites like facebook and myspace to talk about sexual assault .
some experts say february just looked good because january was so bad , but chief economist david krauh of the national association of home builders says there may be a bottom forming here
arctic air will be dipping down from canada and spreading snow into montana , the dakotas , and minnesota .
he wears clean , ironed suits and combs his hair before posing for photos .
thatcher appeared alert and strong as she walked from the hospital and stepped into a waiting car .
what is truly happening and all honesty is a divine verse of god , haniya said
the simulated expeditions were made , in part , to research ways to live and work on the red planet .
he married lakshmi , a former model born in in india , in .
the crowds have been huge , at a rally last night in cleveland .
another one could be related to the nation s most important horse race .
interpol again appealed for public help to track him down now .
francis vermeiren , mayor of the nearby town of zaventem , said the plane did not catch on fire when it crashed after attempting to take off .
keeping track of climate change
nongshim has apologized for the incident and is recalling the snack from shops across south korea .
she s even managing herself now having gone through four managers in the last five years , she says .
it s not recommended for children under , unless they re supervised .
the movement s next landmark moment was in when british lawyer peter benenson wrote a newspaper appeal , the forgotten prisoners , calling for an international campaign to fight the imprisonment of people for their political and religious beliefs .
he initially maintained his right to silence but later admitted that he committed the crime , the police said .
shortly after the female gives birth , about a month after conception , the mother and father die , researchers said .
authorities tuesday asked for the public s help in tracking down kumar after a raid last week on a home in gurgaon , a city near new delhi .
a senior u . s . official told cnn thursday that the reactor was weeks or months away from being functional when it was bombed by israel in september .
he said the attack was continuing and so was the hunt for its origin .
neighbors and rescue personnel threw children out of the path of a speeding car that plowed through a crowded street festival , preventing more serious injuries than the people struck , mayor adrian m . fenty said sunday .
doctors say it may have been lodged in the nasal cavity for years .
people see that government bodies are trying to avoid carrying out wto pledges more actively , so that is bad news , joerg wuttke , president of the european chamber , said at a news conference .
sharp recommends that consumers take precautions , such as asking their tax preparers or the copy shops they are using about whether their copier machines have data security installed .
authorities found the bodies of pilot edwin lasso , american businessman michael klein and klein s year old daughter , talia , about p . m . tuesday , according to a statement posted on the web site of panama s civil protection agency .
it said the ban will safeguard the morals and dignity of the women as well as thwart rape .
if found guilty , the suspects could face a sentence ranging from years to life in prison .
last month , beijing signed a deal with a dallas based firm that will provide internet access in all province and regions of china .
she likes his broken hearted love songs or maybe she just wants to get her hoover fixed cheap .
in her interview , diaz remembered how her dad taught a then scrawny young girl how to fight bullies in school .
thor hushovd of norway and former world champion tom boonen of belgium were relegated to the minor places after the kilometers through the kent countryside from london .
another german who was abducted along with blechschmidt on july , ruediger diedrich , was found shot to death on july .
nice , france the windsor
starbucks , which has been struggling amid a faltering economy , its own rapid growth and increased competition from cheaper rivals , also said it will replace its east and west divisions with four new ones
the minister s remarks follow several incidents that had helped to stir nationalistic sentiment in the dispute .
correspondents say that by threatening to use the veto for the first time in his presidency , bush has made it clear he will make a stand . the us house of representatives has voted to approve government funding for embryonic stem cell research .
cheryl dellasega , a penn state women s studies professor , ticks off hypothetical examples that could have come straight from the scripts to mean girls or heathers .
roh also invited angry reactions from the military , by saying that younger men should be relieved of their mandatory military service so that they could marry and raise families earlier , instead of exhausting their time in the military .
a nearby unit heard explosions early saturday and attempted to establish communications , but without success .
in its evidence section , the web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident .
shiroo reportedly clashed with nagasaki city officials in after his car was damaged when he drove into a hole at a public works site .
george w . bush will renew a quest in his second term for a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage as essential to a hopeful and decent society , his top political aide said on sunday .
officials said the bombing of a fuel storage complex in the northeast suburb of muthurajawela breached a pipeline and triggered a fire that the fire brigade later extinguished .
it was fighting for its very life .
the videos that were removed depicted gratuitous violence , advocated violence , or used hate speech , youtube said .
surging prices for copper , zinc and nickel have some in congress trying to bring back the steel made pennies of world war ii and maybe using steel for nickels , as well .
last year , they were down games to to the indians , only to rally and eventually take the world title .
the study was described in a letter published in thursday s new england journal of medicine by dr . imre janszky of the karolinska institute and dr . rickard ljung of sweden s national board of health and welfare .
yet another world financial player is pulling out of korea
a cyclone with sustained winds of mph swept across madagascar on sunday , knocking out power in some areas and making damage assessment difficult . no one has been able to get there yet .
the national assembly got a new electronic system for legislative process .
just hours after the earthquake struck on may in southwestern china , wen traveled to the hardest hit sichuan province , consoling and grieving with survivors .
the volunteer workers were kidnapped en route to the southern city of kandahar from kabul .
james bond , with daniel craig assaying the british secret agent again in quantum of solace
bob irwin said the popular naturalist had been an ordinary bloke and would not have wanted a grand funeral .
they were flying in two venezuelan helicopters directly to the venezuelan border town of santo domingo after being freed near san jose del guaviare , colombia , heller said .
seoul and washington have agreed to move the u . s .
myanmar s ambassador to the united nations , kyaw tint swe , made his statement during a special u . n . session during which several diplomats slammed the myanmar government .
the meeting was believed to be the first between a pope and the victims of clergy sexual abuse , the ap reported .
the level of violence is down , local governments are meeting again , police are in control of the city streets and normal life is returning , said bush .
the blasts collapsed nearby buildings , smashing windows and burying at least four cars under piles of concrete .
the state house has impeached blagojevich , who says he ll fight on .
this work represents a tremendous scientific milestone the biological equivalent of the wright brothers first airplane , said dr . robert lanza , chief science officer of advanced cell technology , which has been trying to extract stem cells from cloned human embryos .
cnn the group that coordinates internet domain addresses has voted to open domain name extensions up to a vast new array of possibilities .
thursday s vote represented a sad day for america , said democratic sen . charles schumer of new york .
the same for songbirds and seabirds .
it was the same problem i had at wimbledon , nadal said . but once it was taped up the pain subsided a little and i am very happy i decided to carry on .
it being fine , they went hiking .
tokyo disneyland , meanwhile , is the most popular theme park in the world .
some parents are aghast .
the south korean joint chiefs of staff and the u . s .
in july , he told the epoch times , a newspaper linked to the banned falun gong spiritual movement , that china s central government was ignoring the needs of common chinese in the lead up to the olympics .
a key issue in the judge s decision was whether a u . s . court had jurisdiction over a foreign contractor and whether there was a legal basis to find it negligent .
the morning wave of missiles killed one other person apparently a jordanian civilian and injured , the international red cross confirmed .
the child then went on a killing spree , bashing three lizards to death with a rock , including the zoo s beloved , year old goanna , which he then fed to terry , an foot , pound saltwater crocodile , said neindorf .
sen . barack obama swept saturday s democratic contests , giving him considerable momentum heading into sunday s maine caucuses and three primaries tuesday .
four others are still missing .
less than million of the funds raised in february can only be used if obama receives his party s nomination , the campaign said . all the rest may go toward campaigning in the primary season .
clashes between tibetan protesters and police in aba , sichuan province , saw a police station and cars attacked .
his college degree is from the university of mississippi .
for at least three nights , health conscious couples may stay in a deluxe oceanfront suite and enjoy sunrise workouts on the beach
jackson was not in court as the trial opened monday .
pichushkin was arrested in june after a woman left a note at home saying that she was going for a walk with him and was then found dead .
the last crucial piece finally fell into place in when the state of the art university of phoenix stadium opened in glendale , west of phoenix .
the lanky , foot norfolk sheriff s deputy is being recognized thursday by guinness world records as the tallest man in the united states .
at least people have been killed across the continent , and hundreds of thousands displaced .
americans have not forgotten new orleans .
under the state s proposition , lawmakers will have days to pass measures on resolving the fiscal crisis , and if at the end of that time they have not , the legislature will not be allowed to adjourn or act on other bills until they do , according to the governor s office .
fta , said tuesday the americans will eventually achieve their goal of obtaining trade terms favorable to the us as soon as possible .
the operation netted nine weapons caches , which have been destroyed , the military said .
retailers are not looking forward to the holiday season , not with this morning s word that retail sales plummeted last month , making for the weakest october level in almost years .
several local governments are reported to have objected to the release of sensitive information about the pollution they cause .
the presidential transition committee is studying ways to provide more english language programs for soldiers as part of its policy goal of building an english friendly society , a committee member said sunday .
but the country has been mired in an ongoing political crisis , with a deadlock between pro and anti syrian factions in parliament .
kim established the investment firm bbk in seoul in , and co founded the lke bank with lee the following year .
the high profile examination of the death penalty also raises anew a national debate over selective prosecution and race .
lawyers are fighting the government s decision in venezuela s supreme court and through the inter american court of human rights .
at least it s assured me a mention in the speech next year , he added .
lee , now , used to be a down and out construction hand in a seoul slum .
it says the prostitution market nationwide is worth up to billion . billion .
of course , if they start moving , we re ready to mobilize , wilson said .
south korean troops in irbil , northern iraq , today celebrate the second anniversary of the mission to rehabilitate and bring security to the war torn town .
but cheong wa dae said that neither that roh nor his aides registered him for the primary elections .
replacements of the unification and environment minister nominees will be announced later this week , presidential spokesperson lee dong kwan said .
the proposals are closely modeled on the donor system in spain where brown said around people per million had their organs used by hospitals .
but these steps are expected to have limits in curbing the won s strength as long as global dollar sentiment remains weak , analysts said .
foreign peacekeepers searched their vehicles and , after negotiations , allowed them into dili , but under the escort of heavily armed troops .
as jerusalem was being conquered by the romans in a . d . , numerous people took shelter in the drainage channel and lived inside it until they fled jerusalem through its southern end , the historian josephus flavius wrote in the war of the jews .
searchers have received no signal from either device , and haven t spotted a lower tech distress signal such as a fire or massive x made of rocks or sticks .
goalkeeper andres palop emerged as sevilla s hero by saving three penalties in the shoot out to give his side victory over espanyol in a thrilling all spanish uefa cup final at hampden park on wednesday .
the latest stop on the washington portion of the pope s u . s . tour was an interreligious gathering at the pope john paul ii cultural center .
london trader gary thomson as the senate gets set to vote on a revised financial bailout package tonight .
the scottish native is expected to have a similar job description here as the co head of president elect lee myung bak s special committee on national competitiveness .
the reading was above analysts expectations and marked the fastest rise since a . percent increase in march
darth vader !
mcconnell repeated concerns raised by his predecessor , john negroponte , last month about democratic transition in a country of million that is infamous for graft and corruption , electoral and otherwise .
celebrity tourists bill gates and cameron diaz both recently visited machu picchu , where a night gets you a room with a view of the famous inca citadel .
white house spokesman scott stanzel said there is no effort to purposely keep the e mails under wraps , and that the counsel s office is doing everything it can to recover any that were lost .
president of iraq s coming government was named .
sir , we are very excited , singh said with stunning reverence compared with most american year olds .
putting some of that bailout money on wheels , in a letter to treasury secretary paulson , house speaker pelosi , and senate majority leader reid , are asking the bush administration to provide more aid to the struggling auto industry .
only one in four trains will be running on thursday , including suburban services linking paris to its three international airports , she said .
there is a person out there who urgently needs to be arrested , schuette said , describing the acts as very disturbing .
rich or poor , there is hardly a family in colombia that has not personally suffered a kidnapping or does not know one that has .
the kcna dispatch was the first reaction from north korea .
rhino numbers in indonesia over the past years have been decimated by rampant poaching for horns used in traditional chinese medicines and destruction of forests by farmers , illegal loggers and palm oil plantation companies .
markets in australia and new zealand also fell .
arsenal captain william gallas stepped in to try to calm matters down before then being confronted himself by the angry young danish striker .
us president george w bush has urged israeli prime minister ehud olmert to resume direct talks with palestinians .
there was no sign of the threatening gestures mentioned by margotta , head of the local u . n .
i m a fighter , williams said . i ve never lost in the first round of a grand slam and i didn t want that to change .
todd jefferies , austin , texas .
many of the men who run security agencies don t think so .
stock markets have plummeted in recent days as anxiety over the credit crisis which began in the implosion of u . s . housing prices has spread worldwide .
a long time ally of bush , gonzales has worked with the president since his days as texas governor and was the country s first attorney general of hispanic descent .
executives of the nation s largest airline said , or percent of international flights , would be grounded friday .
any south korean making an unauthorized journey to a banned country can be jailed for up to one year or fined million won .
drinkers at a watering hole in the australian outback found themselves toasting a baby saltwater crocodile that wandered up to the pub s door sunday .
they held a french woman and her son but quickly released them , she said .
he is then likely to hold a news conference in parliament to formally announce his candidacy , they said .
president elect barack obama also will be on the hill today , meeting with democratic senators about his request for access to the second billion in the bank bailout fund .
david , and her mother in law , tobi glatt , who paid for the flowers . the flowers cost , . . the lawsuit asks for more than , in restitution and damages .
iraqi army says a female suicide bomber has blown herself up among a crowd of pilgrims at a revered shiite shrine in northern baghdad .
firefighter brandon thompson , years
the murder suspect , identified as nam , aged , an ethnic korean with american citizenship , was caught at a private school in gyeonggi province where he was teaching english , police said .
large crowds gathered daily for weeks in central kiev to protest yanukovych s purported victory in a presidential election marked by voting fraud .
the government says the new bodies will address ethnic and power sharing issues and will also oversee a resettlement of refugees and restoration of areas destroyed by the decades old civil war .
picture small , project big .
a spokesman for minas gerais state did not immediately return a phone message seeking comment , and telephones to police rang busy .
why in the height of my career ?
there is no animal on earth more vilified than the shark .
gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in the country , told congress this week he could see troop numbers sliding by , which would reduce the number of troops to pre surge levels by july .
in the documents , kim was quoted as telling his north korean counterpart that president elect lee myung bak , then frontrunner of the opposition grand national party , would win the election but would maintain president roh moo hyun s policy towards pyongyang .
the project relied on hairs found on two frozen mammoth mummies that were buried in the siberian permafrost for , and , years .
heading into the key pennsylvania primary on april , hillary clinton trails barack obama by pledged delegates .
or has changed their minds
if china selected my successor after my death , the people of tibet would not support him as there would be no tibetan heart in him , he said .
the government yesterday threatened all possible measures to curb price increases at apartments scheduled for reconstruction as police expanded an investigation into possible illegal collusion between builders and resident unions .
unable to use his hands , legs or voice , hawking can only use his facial expressions using the muscles around his eyes , eye brows and mouth to communicate .
the newspaper said chinese authorities have covered up the deaths and doled out large payments to guarantee the silence of fellow workers who witnessed the accidents .
among the founding members are teachers from public schools .
under italian law , suspects can be held without charge if a judge rules there is enough evidence to jail them and there is a chance they might flee , repeat the crime or tamper with evidence .
participants with normal body weight and high belly measurements were percent more likely to have dementia .
while the president elect spends christmas at the beach in hawaii , the president is spending one last holiday at camp david
gaza s main hospital , already full of palestinians wounded in the week long israeli air assault , reached critical mass on sunday , according to a norwegian doctor volunteering at shifa hospital .
hamas spokesman sami abu zuhri called on abbas new prime minister , salam fayyad , to spend the money on palestinians in the west bank and gaza .
this is an enormous insult to jews and all right thinking people and must be retracted , said jonathan solomon , chairman of the indian jewish federation .
the coach has been judged equally guilty since he did not intervene to calm his wrestler , fila secretary general michel dusson told the associated press in a telephone interview . and the federation was responsible for the behavior of its members , the wrestler and the coach , which was reprehensible .
the ranks of the rich have swelled so greatly that it is necessary to establish a new category , the super rich , to distinguish between people who can afford to live very well and those whose spending habits are only limited by their imagination .
the real excitement will come from attractions that try to translate into rides the thrills from movies and tv .
iraq s president jalal talabani , who is kurdish , addressed the rising tensions with turkey during a meeting with kurdish regional leader massoud barzani in irbil , the capital of iraq s kurdistan region .
mccormick said the study had not attempted to explain why the united states had fared badly .
drm free music .
they have to have more than shopping centers .
jendayi frazer , the u . s . assistant secretary of state for africa , told cnn thursday that she believes movement for democratic change leader morgan tsvangirai beat mugabe in the march election .
uk parliamentarians and celebrity campaigners launched a bid on wednesday to impeach tony blair for gross misconduct over his justification for the iraq war .
a government proposal , strongly supported by labor unions , calls for employees to work to fewer hours a year
unfortunately , u . s . statesmen are in the habit of repeating false and ridiculous claims without presenting any documents , said hosseini .
the government has put forth a document containing various proposals on how and when the city s leader and legislature should be elected .
yet once out of military uniform , most south koreans plunge into the capitalist free for all with barely a look back .
for years , indy has stood as one of cinema s ultimate everyman heroes , a poster boy for the idea that there are some good men you can never , ever keep down .
their deployment is scheduled to be concluded at the end of this year and the defense ministry is expected to seek parliamentary approval for a further month extension .
the dow currently ahead more than points .
if you go to the store shelves , you ll see some empty shelves .
yesterday sold off its entire stake in lg group to incur a loss of over billion won million .
the concert in east pyongyang grand theatre began with the north korean national anthem patriotic song , followed by america s star spangled banner .
it s our life , like air , said kim , the curator .
vick is being held at a warsaw , va . , jail after surrendering on nov . to begin serving time for a federal dogfighting conspiracy conviction .
the contrasting reports seem to have sensitive political rings to them , regardless of the dispute over the sensationalism itself , as the media circle has been a hotbed of political and ideological confrontation for the last few years .
budhia singh s father died when the boy was months old .
the mission also gives stone a chance to get the lay of colombia s political landscape for two upcoming movies .
in the city of dera ismail khan , in the same province , at least people died in a blast at a police recruitment center .
wildfires burning out of control are continuing to threaten thousands of homes in california .
john travolta makes his voice actor debut in the title role , hannah montana star miley cyrus plays bolt s owner and friend , and then there s year disney veteran mark walton .
mount washington , new hampshire cnn neither strong wind nor high flames bothered nin the cat during a dozen years patrolling the northeast s highest peak as mascot of the mount washington observatory .
the road to the airport was blocked .
detailed plans for the stadium which will host the olympic games in london were unveiled by organizers on wednesday .
when the people living nearby went to the dump site to investigate what caused the fire , they found a human being burning in the flames , he said .
it is expected to dump heavy rains over southeastern cuba , jamaica and hispaniola the island shared by haiti and the dominican republic with accumulations of to inches .
rocks the s .
just days before his arrest , karr a wanted man in the us who was once held on suspicion of possessing child pornography successfully applied for a job in a bangkok school , and had previously worked in two other schools in the city .
but if the forest products latex , fruit and medicinal herbs were gathered and sold in local markets , the value of the land doubled .
the revolutionary council of the palestinians dominant political faction fatah approved mahmoud abbas on thursday as its candidate to succeed yasser arafat in a presidential election set for jan .
bethlehem is all decorated , ready for its close up , christmas eve a week from today .
senate republican leaders are calling for an ethics committee review . a gop leadership aide said senators were especially concerned about the business card allegation .
lower house speaker yunus qanooni told lawmakers that joya s case would be introduced to the court , without elaborating .
johnson is a former cia intelligence official and registered republican who voted for bush in . mcgovern is a former cia analyst .
similar rallies were held in other provinces and major cities , including busan and daegu , but the demonstrations were peaceful and no major incidents were reported .
intermittent snowfall is also predicted in the central peninsula and on the west coastal areas .
police have not yet confirmed the victim s identity , but they say they ve arrested a man in the fatal shooting at the beverly center
muntadhar al zaidi s feelings were influenced by watching the agony suffered by everyday iraqis .
the government plans to reduce soldiers from iraq .
of assemblymen , lawmakers of the pro government united new democratic party undp and the democratic labor party dlp and the democratic party dp voted for the bill .
if it s ice , scientists expect it to sublimate or go from solid to gas , bypassing the liquid stage when exposed to the sun because of the planet s frigid temperatures and low atmospheric pressure .
concerns about the health of jobs , , began after he was treated for pancreatic cancer in .
in recent days gen musharraf s regime has also released more than , people who had been detained under the emergency rule which the president imposed earlier this month .
fa chairman david triesman said on tuesday it is impossible to know the true health of the clubs because their finances are not public .
that will require a change in the county s constitution and her adviser , wajid shamsul hasan , indicated that a power sharing deal with musharraf that would allow that change is in place .
led the nominees with five nods each , but each film had at least one snub .
we understand automated phone calls went out to residents and deputies went house to house , sounding the alarm .
the russian government attack was widely viewed as politically motivated .
we ll start with some strong words from former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan
denying heated speculation that his visit to pyongyang is part of seoul s efforts to arrange a second inter korean summit talks .
greeks were already stunned by deadly forest fires in june and july , and many are blaming the conservative government for failing to respond quickly enough .
tsuo hopes that the global interest on alternative and renewable energy will change that .
observers say there will be relief the talks are resuming but skepticism about the chance of a major breakthrough .
shin ki nam , leader of the uri party , is expected to officially announce his resignation from the party chairmanship thursday , taking responsibility for his father s pro japanese activities during the to colonial period , sources close to shin said .
it claims about members .
elbaradei on sunday ended a two day visit to tehran that included unprecedented meetings with both ayatollah ali khamenei , iran s supreme leader , and president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
an aunt learned about this and she wept and lamented that a korean prince became a clown , but i had to make a living .
jung spoke at a news conference after german news outlets reported u . s . defense secretary robert gates had sent a letter in which he demanded greater participation in southern afghanistan .
though the film was made in the north , its director , shin sang ok , was south korean .
three strokes clear going into the final round , the world number one fired a one under par for an eight under total of , finishing ahead of fellow american woody austin at a sun baked southern hills country club .
nevertheless , he put all groups and people on notice everyone must respect the law .
under the u . s . plan , the interceptor rockets in poland would be linked to an air defense radar system in the czech republic .
she was put on a flight to brisbane in australia seven hours later .
the navy says sailors aboard the uss hartford were slightly injured when the submarine collided with the amphibious ship uss new orleans in the strait of hormuz , between iran and the arabian peninsula .
if he is cleared to play , matsui could be the designated hitter for the first of the yankees two games friday against the mets .
kim jong hoon , the chief south korean negotiator in free trade talks with the united states , was promoted to the post of trade minister .
the bodyguards were also shot , but were not seriously wounded , it said .
while we are obviously very disappointed by today s decision , we have always expected that this case would ultimately be decided by a higher court .
amid a stubbornly bearish market ruled by fears about corporate accounting .
labeouf , of glendale , california , is scheduled to appear in cook county court on november .
sea levels are currently rising about . to . inches each year , making it unlikely such a scenario would suddenly occur across the globe , usery said .
the one titled da jie big sister features mickey mouse ears containing double happiness symbols .
iran , opec s second largest oil producer , denies the charge and has received strong backing from moscow , which is keen to play a major role in expanding iran s nuclear energy program .
nicknamed the iron lady by the soviet press after a speech criticizing communism , thatcher enjoyed a close working relationship with u . s . president ronald reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views .
japan should build confidence with its neighbors if the country is really willing to contribute to regional peace and prosperity and play a responsible role in international society , it added .
the year old celebutante will again display a caustic streak in an upcoming guest spot on nbc s chuck , portraying the mean spirited high school nemesis of undercover cia agent sarah walker yvonne strahovski .
for his part , obama accused clinton of looking to create fake controversy around him in the race s final days .
residents of the threatened areas include dick van dyke , mel gibson , and olivia newton john .
learning the dna sequence does not mean that the ancient animal can be cloned or somehow resurrected , schuster said , adding this is science fiction .
kennedy said he has always planned to support the candidate who inspires me , who inspires all of us , who can lift our vision and summon our hopes and renew our belief that our country s best days are still to come .
using the energy efficient leds to replace incandescent bulbs will reduce the display s electricity consumption from , to , kilowatt hours per day .
the u . s . state department said on monday that nuclear envoy kim might visit san francisco to meet non governmental groups and then go to new york for talks with his u . s . counterpart .
arabs and palestinians have opposed calling israel a jewish state because , they say , it would preclude many refugees from returning to israel , and the label fails to account for thousands of arabs residing there .
but the country s acting president reconfirmed seoul s decision to send , troops to northern iraq later this year in a move that will make south korea the biggest coalition partner after the united states and britain .
. . .
the catalans in the northeast and the basques in the north already have their own national songs with lyrics .
we could fit all the remaining great apes in the world into two or three large football stadiums . there just aren t very many left .
so his owner has decided to clone him .
hideki matsui started in right field for the first time since , while alex rodriguez batted third .
rudy giuliani , who has turned the focus of his campaign to the february super tuesday primaries , trailed with percent .
lawmakers criticised italy , backing the conclusions of an italian prosecutor who wants to try americans , most believed to be cia agents , and six italians for their role in the kidnapping of a muslim cleric in milan .
former socialist justice minister elisabeth guigou called sarkozy s escapade scandalous and indecent .
let s do targeted infrastructure investments , let s do tax breaks , let s lower permanently the tax , lower tax rates on the lower tax brackets of the income tax
not only can scientists feel the force being exerted by colleagues across the atlantic ocean , they can also feel the texture of the object they are feeling .
hollywood studios and tv networks are natural partners .
lone star is allowed to appeal the ruling , the government said .
the mute dog problem is like the stray animal problem , a result of wrong policies , activist shen jung chen says .
another deputy prime minister who is a candidate to become un secretary general announced his resignation on monday .
rebuilding our infrastructure , improving our schools , reducing our dependence on oil , and saving billions of dollars .
kim said the two koreas should try to find common ground between their respective proposals for state reform on the road toward eventual reunification .
embassy did not immediately release details of the meeting between u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill and north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan , but the two reportedly shared their thoughts on the approach toward resolving the nuclear standoff .
who has done this and why it was done is obvious .
the new indy adventure , which is set in the s , also stars cate blanchett , ray winstone , john hurt , jim broadbent and karen allen .
the united states , by contrast , is pushing for quick action .
passengers on the airline s flights from london to new york and dubai get the benefit of british journalist lucia van der post s extensive shopping knowledge .
kids under the age of four should not be given over the counter cough and cold medicine .
from its humble beginnings as a laboratory tool in the early s , e mail has become a vital tool of business .
car bombers targeted throngs of iraqis on wednesday as they spilled into baghdad streets to cheer a national soccer victory , killing at least people and leaving scores more wounded .
this was gebreselassie s second consecutive win in berlin since he quit track racing after the olympics to concentrate on the marathon .
i have grown up year on year and after seven seasons in udine the moment has arrived to make a jump of quality in order to test myself with a challenge that only a great club like juventus can offer , the striker said .
the european union s aid chief said the violence in sudan s darfur region had worsened since the government and rebels signed new security agreements two weeks ago .
there s been a suicide car bombing in iraq s anbar province .
the korea times reports seoul and washington will have to discuss further reduction of u . s .
new mexico gov . bill richardson dropped out of the race for the democratic presidential nomination thursday after fourth place showings in the campaign s first contests .
but when zapeta tried to go through airport security , an officer spotted the money in the bag and called u . s . customs officials .
in a challenge to syria , the u . n . security council on wednesday voted to set up a court to prosecute the murder two years ago of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri .
since , japan s space program has been limited by a parliamentary resolution committed to peaceful uses .
the world s ugliest buildings
when a pharmaceutical company submits a new drug for approval , the fda gives it a digit number called a national drug code .
goldsmith said monday that diana clearly was having a wonderful time with fayed , reporting that she had never been so spoiled .
ahead of the talks with babacan , rice met with erdogan , who heads to washington for talks monday with president bush .
nor did north korea admit to a suspected uranium enrichment program or what nuclear secrets it may have shared with syria .
but he urged voters to stick with him .
bad loan at domestic lender had shrunk in second quarter .
that includes voters who made up their mind in the aftermath of last week s heated democratic debate .
it s a horrible time to have to , you know , live through it .
korea savings bank said it is soon going to offer an overseas real estate mortgage .
i want a black man to rule america so that you can see the changes that obama promised the people . . . to see the change , one young man said .
survival calls for short term thinking , but environmental protection is the domain of long term visionaries .
the dying child is believed to have called out to villagers to visit the mountain each year and bring gifts to express their gratitude .
in an interview with abc news , vice president dick cheney said al assad has been isolated and cut off because of his bad behavior , and the unfortunate thing about the speaker s visit is it sort of breaks down that barrier .
bhutto the first woman pm in an islamic state was leaving an election rally in rawalpindi when a gunman shot her in the neck and then set off a bomb .
the bbc has uncovered new video evidence that us forces may have been responsible for the deliberate killing of innocent iraqi civilians .
wright recently retired as pastor of trinity united church of christ in chicago , where the senator from illinois worships .
dozens of monks punching and kicking each other in a massive brawl .
also , since americans are particularly reliant on their cars dues to a lack of mass transport in all but a few cities and they have to drive longer distances to their jobs , their consumption of gasoline is closely watched .
mayor michael bloomberg said he hoped the change to the midtown manhattan display will inspire the tens of millions of new yorkers and tourists who see the tree every year .
for years , the evangelical community has largely supported republican presidential candidates .
the joong ang ilbo quotes the city as claiming mbc distorted the facts and is seeking . billion won . million in damages .
she paused briefly to wave to people gathered to watch her departure .
thai prime minister somchai wongsawat declared a state of emergency thursday at bangkok s two main airports , which are still being besieged by anti government protesters , a government spokesman said .
the widely expected decision comes in the face of contrary pressures from rising inflation , sagging house prices and falling consumer confidence .
more light for everyone this new year s eve .
the united states and egypt are pushing to hold a mideast peace conference to coordinate an israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip and advance an internationally backed peace plan , but israel s foreign minister said conditions were not yet ripe for such a meeting .
this is a very sad day for the university of south carolina family , dennis a . pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters .
sumwalt said the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were recovered and appeared to be in good condition , though they were covered in soot from the fire .
in a cnn opinion research corporation survey released monday , percent of likely voters questioned friday through sunday back barack obama for president , with percent supporting john mccain .
computer chips now govern the overall performance of automobiles .
he just said he wanted to thank me for everything i d done for him . . . and he was sorry , maruca kovac said .
he shows me his feet , which were filthy and ribbed with cuts .
this was an attempt to threaten the people . but i am very proud that malaysians were not intimidated and turned out in such great numbers and that they behaved peacefully , anwar said .
magellanic penguins are warm weather birds that breed in large colonies in southern argentina and chile .
the top u . s . military officer in south korea warned monday of north korea s advanced missile technology , calling it a very real threat to south korea , the region and the global community .
the crew was unaware that the plane was carrying nuclear weapons , the officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the extraordinary sensitivity and security surrounding the case .
elysee palace announced thursday the sarkozys were separating , but offered no further details .
most of the fatalities throughout the iraq war , have been u . s . military service members .
in higher elevations of upstate new york , inches of snow was possible .
our nation s grand story of courage and its simple dream of dignity .
computer makers are recalling , laptop battery packs made by sony corp . after reports of overheating , according to a u . s . consumer product safety commission notice thursday .
hilton looked forward and didn t speak to news media as she left court with her mother .
the world bank s role normally only comes in later , during reconstruction anyway , stephens said . at this stage , the relief coordination is very much in the hands of the u . n . , led by asean .
responding to attacks from democratic rival sen . hillary clinton that he offers words while she offers action , obama has been arguing that words matter .
it is illegal to board another country s vessels on the high seas .
communist china regards the exiled tibetan leader as a separatist .
the amazon is being deforested more than three times as fast as last year , brazilian officials said monday , acknowledging a sharp reversal after three years of declines in the deforestation rate .
phillips was held hostage for days before navy seal sharpshooters killed captors and rescued him .
bedi , a small time actress , was extradited from portugal along with mumbai underworld figure abu salem in in a high profile passport forgery case linked to india s worst bomb attacks .
you can t outrun him .
russia and iran signed an agreement on nuclear fuel supply deal .
the team , headed by korea institute of radiological and medical sciences researcher son young sook , tuesday revealed the medical technique of using stem cells to mass produce skin cells .
there is one critical part of the financial system which receives far less attention than it deserves
in seattle , he demanded and got , and four parachutes and demanded to be flown to mexico .
in the upper house , legislators voted against the appointment of muto , .
a british foreign office report on travel trends for predicted that percent of british travelers are more likely to visit the states now barack obama has been elected .
the mayor of los alamitos , california , criticized for sending an email showing watermelons in front of the white house , is giving up the mayor s job , but will stay on the city council .
he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive .
he wants to design a car that doesn t cost the earth to make
there is a promise to those who bless israel to be blessed . those who curse it will be cursed .
nato led forces killed a senior taliban leader with a precision airstrike near a southern afghan town overrun by militants , a spokesman for the alliance said sunday .
the two cables damaged are flag telecom s flag europe asia cable and seamewe , a cable owned by a consortium of more than a dozen telecommunications companies , beckert said .
airline staff found out the bomb warning was a hoax in time to stop the plane from making an emergency landing in ankara and it was able to continue to istanbul as planned from the southeastern city of diyarbakir , the airline said wednesday .
there was an imminent threat , german defense minister franz josef jung told germany s ard broadcaster .
for them , the impending disappearance of xp computers from retailers , and the phased withdrawal of technical support in coming years , is causing a minor panic .
washington cnn iran remains a danger to the world even though it stopped a program to develop a nuclear weapon four years ago , president bush said tuesday .
entertainment tonight reporter mark steines was the master of ceremonies of the show .
tens of thousands of people in yellow shirts , waving yellow flags , packed the streets around the grand palace in bangkok , where bhumibol made a rare public appearance from the balcony of his ceremonial throne hall only the sixth such appearance in his year reign .
it s not whether they ll die of heart disease , but when .
across all regions , the weekend snowstorm s death toll is at .
we had a huge weekend , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers .
three co defendants have been charged with criminal counts including coercion and assault with a deadly weapon .
south korea s hankyoreh says
clinton could potentially add supreme court justice to her r eacute
authorities were trying to stamp out the largest uprising in two decades , as it continued for its th day .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
once computers loaded with xp have been cleared from the inventory of pc makers such as dell inc . and hewlett packard co . , consumers who can t live without the old operating system on their new machine will have to buy vista ultimate or vista business and then legally downgrade to xp .
the former world number one , who said here last week she felt like a cow on ice on clay , accumulated unforced errors and looked helpless at times .
more than a million people had lined the route of the queen mother s coffin from the capital to windsor .
klar will be eligible for parole in .
he did play basketball , in college and with the harlem wizards and harlem globetrotters show teams .
the attack happened at approximately p . m . local time in musa qala s main market , police chief mohammad hussain andewal said .
in the grass plaza behind the year old gate , a makeshift mourning altar was set up with apples , ears and soju on a picnic mat .
roh said the south korean troops in afghanistan are in the last phase of their non combat mission to provide medical help and rebuild the country .
he was also fired from the , member new life church .
among them were former deputy prime minister tariq aziz and hasan ali al majid , better known as chemical ali .
the satellite will be about miles up when the shot is fired .
the countries have a history of animosity stemming from disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry , but yasuo fukuda s four day visit his first as prime minister follows several friendly meetings between leaders and a chinese warship s historic port call to japan .
the , monks marched from yangon s famous shwedagon pagoda to the nearby sule pagoda before passing the u . s . embassy , witnesses said .
a premier league spokesman confirmed the registration .
one showed a naked man on a concrete cellblock floor , his neck in a leash held by a female american gi .
if it weren t for four tops lead singer levi stubbs who died friday , another motown great might not be where he is today .
stories about resistance to japanese colonialism are popular in north korea .
the european union , for example , plans to replace percent of transport fuel with biofuels made from energy crops such as sugar cane and rapeseed oil by .
they were joined by about , unionized teachers protesting against the government s plan for teacher evaluation and merit based bonuses .
the front runners in the republican race are mike huckabee and mitt romney , according the the poll .
this is the second online threat within the last days .
according to comscore media metrix , youtube attracted . million visitors worldwide in january .
katanga is not yet charged with the alleged crimes , and monday s session does not mark the start of his trial .
authorities said the advanced technology the suspects allegedly used to both share the images among themselves and sell the material to others made them especially hard to track down .
police say the tanker went up in an earth shattering blast , as a crowd of hundreds had gathered around scooping up the leaking fuel .
five black water security contractors have just surrendered to federal authorities .
sony blamed two factors for the defects adjustments on its manufacturing line from october to june , which may have affected the quality of cells in certain production lots
leftist rebels in colombia should release all hostages in their custody as a first step toward laying down their weapons , president hugo chavez of venezuela said sunday .
we must make haste , because we must stabilize the marketplace , he said . this is a worldwide crisis , so therefore we must find a worldwide solution .
secretary of state colin powell echoed bush s remarks , calling kim s killing a senseless act .
they were very cumbersome , says dr . shapshay .
anastasia is one of four women who just completed a two year program at tandem , a small bodyguard school on the outskirts of moscow .
michael jackson s do you remember , how it all began
the seoul stock market plummeted tuesday , joining the global market collapse .
secretary of state colin powell said the united states was reviewing an offer by north korea to give up its missiles and nuclear facilities in exchange for substantial u . s . economic benefits .
the unprecedented unplanned power outages must now be treated as a national electricity emergency situation that has to be addressed with urgent , vigorous and coordinated actions , public enterprise minister alec erwin told journalists .
secretary of state condoleezza rice and joint chiefs of staff chairman admiral mike mullen are working both india and pakistan in an effort to keep the lid on simmering tensions between the two since the mumbai attacks .
oxygen was also pumped inside the well through tubes to prevent any suffocation , cnn ibn reported .
a climate change treaty calls for nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and the new report said that hundreds of technologies and techniques are available that could account for more than half of the proposed reductions .
garriott , a texan who made a fortune in the video game industry , is the son of former nasa astronaut owen garriott .
the emergency door was opened , she said , and quite a lot of people were able to get out of the plane .
astro s run ins with humans could pose danger to both species , so the center will try to find him a permanent home , possibly the mystic aquarium in connecticut , which keeps threatened steller sea lions .
the disablement works will take about days to complete , according to sources .
he has also expressed a wish to meet bhutto .
arrival , enslavement , torture , death the pictures expose the worsening nightmare through the artist s eye , and add graphic texture to the body of testimony by holocaust survivors .
washington cnn nasa rushed wednesday to get a special pump on board shuttle discovery to fix a balky toilet at the international space station , as the launch countdown got under way .
los angeles , california cnn the jury in the murder trial of legendary music producer phil spector has reached an impasse after more than a week of deliberations , the trial judge said tuesday .
the united states , leading efforts to isolate iran , has said tehran must halt sensitive nuclear activity as well as cooperate with the iaea if it wants to avoid tougher sanctions .
when you are on your couch , you have perspective around the screen so your mind knows the movie is moving and the room isn t .
he ll tell us the war has turned a corner and that victory is in sight , senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , said last week , adding that americans have heard that refrain many times since bush s declaration of victory in may .
beijing , china ap stuck in a crowd of about other tourists , zhong jian and her friends waited for an hour to buy tickets for a boat cruise down the scenic li river before giving up . their problem
other purchases are for pleasure rather than need .
brazil has set up areas where this type of sustainable development is being practiced .
two other executive orders from bush
prosecutors said they planned to take chung into custody at about p . m . last night . they will be able to hold and question him for up to days before formally indicting him .
flanked by her husband , former president bill clinton , and daughter chelsea , the new york senator told supporters she found her own voice in the five days since her third place showing in iowa , and promised them we are in it for the long run .
officials in fuyang have been accused of sitting on information of the outbreak last month even as children were dying .
there is no talk whatsoever of any sort of storming the site , he said .
the whole world is coming to tell palestinians and israelis , we are standing shoulder to shoulder with you , erakat said . this is significant .
annual sales of robot units are estimated at billion to billion .
pennsylvania power light charges its industrial users about less for electricity purchased after hours .
to take the concerns and anger of australian people and other people into consideration , i think the japanese government has started to have an intensive discussion about what steps should be taken , said tomohiko taniguchi , a foreign ministry spokesman .
simpson , , is accused of taking sports memorabilia from two men in a las vegas hotel room thursday .
the korea herald reports that posco engineering and construction co . , a subsidiary of the nation s largest steelmaker posco co . , is embroiled in a lobbying scandal surrounding an apartment complex project in gwangju , gyeonggi province .
the former wbc and wbo lightweight champion was riding his motorcycle at high speed when he ran into the back of a car about miles kilometers west of the las vegas strip on monday night .
prosecutors argued that stinnett s killing and mutilation is the kind of crime for which capital punishment is intended .
german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle feed a four week old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday .
only percent of republicans view clinton favorably and percent of democrats have a positive view of romney .
it began with a routine traffic stop police say the driver opened fire on two motorcycle officers , killing one , leaving the other in grave condition with a head wound .
. ban the beanie babies
they are much more staked to their positions than u . s . scientists .
tuesday s attack , the second this month , occurred in the lawless tribal region where al qaeda and taliban linked militants operate .
the arrival of iaquinta , part of italy s world cup winning squad last year , may hasten the departure of unsettled france striker david trezeguet as juve rebuild for serie a .
tokyo may ban cash remittances and freeze assets held by north korea in japan , according to local media .
osage county . bob dylan won a special music citation .
on tuesday the judge , who is acting as coroner in the case , told the jury that a famous image taken in summer showing diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof she was pregnant with dodi s child as she had not started a relationship with him at that stage .
first generation digital discs store minutes of video on one side .
he received a request from chon to withdraw her nomination as the constitutional court chief and decided to accept the request in the afternoon presidential spokesman yoon tai young told reporters .
of course , no one knows for certain how his health will play out in the coming months , but he continues to say that he , he hopes to return to congress when the new session begins in january .
all the cool people in new york are unemployed right now .
it s part of america s ideology and its tradition of political rhetoric .
aaa has even newer numbers than hers
a statement attributed to fatah al islam was sent thursday to several media outlets in lebanon , saying the militant group intends to blow up several crusaders universities and schools tomorrow in the event the lebanese army does not surrender .
if they do not leave , i m going to order them out by force , granier told the televisa television network .
employees called police , but the man ran when he saw them .
the u . s . had hundreds of years of commercial activity , while korea s had only a few .
park geun hye elected as the grand national party s new leader .
britain then expelled russian diplomats from london , leading russia to expel british diplomats from moscow .
the american people don t want any more false promises of progress , they deserve a real debate about a war that has overstretched our military and cost us thousands of lives and hundreds of billions of dollars without making us safer , he added .
loud laments were heard from landowners and real estate dealers in the south chungcheong area immediately after the constitutional court s ruling became known , according to the joong ang ilbo .
following last week s mideast conference in annapolis , bush appointed former nato commander and retired marine gen . james jones to an advisory role in the middle east peace process .
it s tongue in cheek and she s getting more attention that the other two , so she seemed like an ideal candidate . matt southam told the rye and battle observer .
hong kong police detained a total of , south koreans on sunday and released of them a day later .
the main focus at this year s gathering of auto dealers isn t maximizing profits so much as it is survival .
two people in a life raft spotted after a helicopter heading to an offshore oil platform went down in the atlantic off the canadian coast .
to entice more of them , it created a business version of its software with improved security and a control panel application for central management of skype credit and numbers .
however , depending on political inclination , people s reactions as to how best to deal with the incident are divided .
kim kwang kee of inje university , said about out of universities reported cases of violence , incidents of property damage and traffic accidents due to the drunken behavior of students between and .
in august , the two countries reached an agreement to stop historical disputes from growing into political conflicts , but did not agree to suspend the research itself , the official said at a background press briefing .
president bush insisted that al qaeda and al qaeda in iraq are part of the same terrorist network , during a speech tuesday at charleston air force base in south carolina .
south korea s constitutional court on thursday ruled two anti communist clauses of the national security law are constitutional , in a decision that may further fuel a controversy over the vaguely worded sections .
joya said monday that if she could not remain in the parliament , she would fight against criminals independently .
but , she said , i didn t lecture him and he didn t lecture me in the first high level meeting in years between the two countries .
richey s case has generated limited interest in ohio , but his name is a familiar one in britain where there is no death penalty .
in nearby naivasha , boulders and burning tires blocked the streets , forcing drivers to stop as gang members searched for tribal enemies .
president kibaki , of course , recognizes that there is a serious problem in his country , michel said . he is very concerned about that . there is a need for dialogue , cooling down and trying to get peaceful solutions .
but what i am doing right now is putting together the team so that on january , starting on day one , we have the best possible people who are going to be immediately engaged in the middle east peace process as a whole , that are going to be engaging with all of the actors there , that will work to create a strategic approach that ensures that both israelis and palestinians can meet their aspirations , he said .
asia is developing its industries and its economies at breakneck speed and , at the same time , creating a multi billion dollar need for environmental solutions .
it carried a sophisticated and secret imaging sensor but the satellite s central computer failed shortly after launch .
the chairman said he has nothing to do with the case .
robert kim , a korean american who spent nine years in a u . s . prison for spying for south korea , arrived in his motherland sunday for the first time in years . the year old kim , a former u . s .
when barack obama gets a call at three in the morning about a national security problem , he may be getting that call from former rival hilary clinton .
at the same time , rostock is hosting a broad range of protests and demonstrations against globalization , capitalism , african poverty and human rights abuses .
after a continuation of efforts by protesters to trespass on a future u . s . military base site in pyeongtaek , gyeonggi province , the supreme public prosecutors office said yesterday that it would subpoena the leaders of the civic group alliance leading the protests .
a mineral found by geologists in serbia shares virtually the same chemical composition as the fictional kryptonite from outer space , used by the superhero s nemesis lex luther to weaken him in the film superman returns .
from what i can see so far the aircraft appeared to land intact and that may point to excess speed being a factor , said professor heath , from the university of south australia .
obama , who faces rival hillary clinton for the democratic nomination , has also been endorsed by oprah winfrey , bruce springsteen and scarlett johansson .
those who could not get inside watched on giant television screens outside in the square . pope s christmas eve homily calls for mideast peace
south korea and the united states began their annual computer based joint war games yesterday as scheduled , but on a low key note so as not to provoke north korea , the defense ministry said .
police had come to calva s apartment monday to investigate the disappearance of his girlfriend , alejandra galeana , a year old pharmacy clerk and single mother , according to the prosecutor s office .
mcdonough said the fbi and the u . s . attorney were also looking into civil rights violations .
police confronted the kidnappers and engaged them in a firefight , killing one , memon said .
the basis of public service , which i ve given my life to , a career choice . but , most importantly , what i want to do as a parent , he told chicago s wls tv in an interview that aired wednesday .
new york cnn a biography and year old video of tom cruise are calling attention to the actor s belief in scientology .
such attempts to intimidate are regular these days from communist troops who face south korean troops and the small number of u . s . soldiers in the demilitarized zone that divides the two koreas , according to u . s .
it was owned by reali taxi aereo and was en route to rio de janeiro , ferreira said .
we re going to have an average fuel economy standard for our cars and light trucks in this country by
the tape marked the first time bin laden spoke directly to the militants .
in a written statement , the israel defense forces said it targeted from the air two palestinian gunmen carrying bags who were approaching israeli soldiers .
president roh visited the sorbonne , a leading french university .
a stronger open for the us stock market this morning ?
the court s secretary , rakkiat pattanaphong , said thaksin must report back to it on april .
there was a second overdose death in february at a fraternity house .
winehouse collapsed at her north london home monday after signing autographs for a group of fans and was taken to a london hospital for tests .
darling confirmed that sir richard branson s virgin group and northern rock s own board had prepared commercial bids to buy the bank , but said the government s advisers at the investment bank goldman sachs had concluded the numbers did not stack up and the better deal was temporary public ownership .
it s not a flawless masterpiece , but it succeeds at capturing the over the top action in the feature film upon which it s based .
korean credit card spending and usages overseas increased more than compared to the last year .
sundance film festival kicks off for days on jan .
her original daylong sentence was reduced because she met criteria that took into account overcrowding at the lockup and the fact that her crime was nonviolent , whitmore said .
alaska towns north of anchorage are getting a shower of fine , grey dust this morning , although the city itself is being spared .
amid soaring crude oil prices , the refineries increased consumer prices , thus expanding sales margins .
some of about , demonstrators overturned cars and set fires to protest the police investigation into the death of a teenage girl , according to the state run china daily and the privately owned hong kong cable tv , a cnn affiliate .
on sunday , crowds gathered in samsun s central square and chanted turkey is secular and will remain secular !
we need a leader like him now , vekshina said .
there has been a lot of tension in the country between secularist and traditional muslims , and the state has been battling kurdish separatists for many years .
the ceo says there s a ford in ford s future , but one auto analyst is not so sure .
the temple on the periphery of the sacsayhuaman fortress casts added light on pre inca cultures of peru , showing that the site had religious as well as military aims , according to researchers .
the issue of the frozen funds has finally been settled .
organizers have in recent years taken additional steps to protect riders from the crowds , including increasing the use of crowd barriers .
george w bush has called on cuba to prepare for free elections after fidel castro s announcement that he is retiring on health grounds .
hundreds of hamas fighters had moved on the positions after giving their occupants two hours to leave .
mark walker of the nd infantry division were acquitted of negligent homicide charges in the june road deaths of shim mi son and shin hyo sun , both .
hollywood actor heath ledger has been found dead at a residence in downtown manhattan .
the president s stepping out of the oval office this morning to apply fresh pressure .
now that i m the boss , i give orders to others .
the unification ministry , however , claimed the north s request had nothing to do with the u . s . sanctions , saying an account with woori bank , if one were opened , would not have been used for such illegal financial activities .
zardari also announced that the couple s children would now change their names and be called bhutto zardari .
michelle obama delivered the weekly democratic radio address , urging people to vote for her husband
the latest attack occurred at the site of a planned rally for the country s suspended chief justice , iftikhar mohammed chaudhry . watch explosion shock festive rally crowd raquo
singapore has become the latest country to take action against chinese toothpaste imports found to contain a chemical contained in anti freeze .
fatima bhutto said her aunt played this game of revolving chairs at huge costs to the bhutto family , shattering the clan s unity .
free wifi ?
though nato allies and other countries have contributed forces , the bulk of the recent fighting has been done by u . s . , canadian , british and dutch troops .
the second set was even more one sided , nadal going up , breaking cipolla again in the sixth game before serving for the set , which he took courtesy of an astute dropshot .
we would consider tying together activation of the sites in poland and the czech republic with definitive proof of the threat in other words , iranian missile testing and so on , gates said with topolanek at his side .
snow queen riesch won the slalom event on the panorama course at semmering , austria , last monday and also triumphed at la molina in spain .
i think the fuel crisis in the uk has touched a common nerve , he said . everyone is talking about it , so i don t think he ll turn a deaf ear to it this time .
a man who lost his ball in a golf course pond nearly lost a limb when a nearly foot alligator latched on to his arm and pulled him in the water , authorities said .
after its surrender with tacit approval from the u . s . occupation authorities japan set up a similar comfort women system for american gis .
she concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .
now everyone must tell me when i m wrong .
paramedics from cairns rushed to the scene but were unable to save him .
it also demands proof that a north korean ruling party bureau , in the past believed to be running illicit financial activities including drug trafficking and counterfeiting , has been made inoperable .
brush your teeth , save your life ?
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in hong kong to demand a fully democratic political system .
loginova told maxim magazine in a recently taped interview that she fought off a car thief just four months ago .
the rhetoric continued during the weekend . house speaker dennis hastert , speaking at a saturday night fund raiser in dekalb , ill . , said his opinion is that the al qaida terror network could operate better with kerry in the white house instead of bush .
he expresses his opinions clearly and he s easy to understan , bush said .
the reactor is due to be closed as part of an international deal to end north korea s nuclear activities .
having a u . s . military general control our forces is tantamount to giving up our constitutional right concerning the authority to command troops stipulated in the article of the constitution , moon said at a forum at the national assembly yesterday .
france is ready to do everything necessary to permit the liberation of ingrid betancourt and taking in farc militants is part of this effort , fillon said in an interview on the tv station tf .
jeong , who starred in popular dramas and films , was under heavy pressure to raise her status and ended her life at her boyfriend s home last february .
grilled about the friends she had to sacrifice , she replied , i ve gotten rid of a lot of people . asked for names , she said , i don t want to hurt anyone s feelings , but they know who they are .
ford also said the company needs to explore alliances with other carmakers .
three former employees and an incumbent researcher of posdata co .
the ruling is expected to have immense implications for the ownership and governance structure of samsung group going forward .
sunday s clashes were confined to mostly shiite areas .
north korea has repeatedly asked for a bilateral meeting with washington , even inviting hill to pyongyang , but never with the precondition of returning to the nuclear talks .
the ship was examined on the island of mayotte , but there were no reports it was carrying any illegal cargo .
marketing people and activists can pose as journalists to promote their own products and ideas , said choi joon suk , a senior editor at south korea s largest printed newspaper , chosun ilbo . the quality of the online media is a huge problem .
the duration of a growth spurt , as well as how much a child grows during one , differs from child to child and from spurt to spurt in the same child .
the document says , flexible movements by u . s . forces in and out of korea would mean that the government would have to accept american decisions to cut its forces , the possibility of the use of those forces in circumstances involving taiwan and u . s .
dozens of lawyers crowded into a west texas courtroom monday as a judge started to sort out what to do with more than children taken from a polygamist sect s ranch amid allegations of abuse .
the strike at dawn saturday killed two leading figures in the revolutionary armed forces of colombia farc , a marxist movement that has fought a guerrilla war against the country s government for some years .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas met sunday in jerusalem to discuss the situation in gaza , with abbas calling for israel to allow more supplies into the territory , the chief palestinian negotiator told cnn .
inside netscape , barksdale promotes the strategy in two words
beijing , china cnn chinese finance minister jin renqing has resigned for personal reasons , the government said thursday , amid concerns of surging inflation and just weeks ahead of an expected reshuffling of top government positions .
in the trial at a zurich district court most of the defendants had refused to answer the prosecution s question for fear it could jeopardize parallel civil proceedings brought by former employees and shareholders seeking hundreds of millions of swiss francs dollars in
right now the dow industrial s ahead points .
cruise talks over a repetitive guitar riff soundtrack , and appears to be answering questions , though an interviewer is not seen or heard .
it has been as far away as minutes , set there in in a wave of post cold war optimism .
but now she s here , she says she worries about the impact of tourism .
pro taliban militants with ties to al qaeda are carrying out the attacks , according to analysts and government officials .
military power should still be used , she emphasized , but only as a last resort .
each investor has got a piece of that crop , says ted quaday , program director for farm aid , headquartered in somerville , massachusetts .
pratchett , whose books have , according to his web site , sold more than million copies worldwide in languages suffered what he called a phantom stroke earlier this year .
speaking in downing street as the british airways flight carrying the landed in london , british prime minister tony blair welcomed their release , announced by iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad as a gift on wednesday , but reiterated that no diplomatic deals had been done to secure their release .
the population division warned , however , that the latest projections depend on ensuring that couples have access to family planning and that efforts to halt the current spread of the hiv aids epidemic are successful .
winter travelers trek thousands of miles to the frozen north each year seeking the sky s dancing lights , which provoke awe , excitement and , some say , sex .
nowhere is this more apparent than in beijing , which has transformed into a virtual construction zone as the city undergoes an olympic makeover .
a two kilometre wide asteroid , dubbed nt , is travelling at kilometres per second and there is a chance , that it could hit our planet on february , .
most of the victims were in the irrawaddy delta , where as many as million people lived . the low lying region bore the brunt of the storm .
iraq s prime minister wednesday gave shiite militants battling security forces in basra a hour deadline to surrender as the death toll from two days of fighting that threatens to undo efforts to stabilize iraq neared .
american idol has one of the early favorites among the finalists
the camera can then image metallic and non metallic objects hidden under clothing on still or moving subjects without revealing any body detail , according to its british manufacturer , thruvision limited .
some were grabbed by police as they walked toward the court , sources said .
pollution is a serious problem throughout china .
britain requested the extradition of its prime suspect in the case , moscow based businessman andrei lugovoi , but russia refused to hand him over .
retailers are offering bigger than usual discounts on their door buster specials .
taxes on cigarette imports have also increased , from percent to percent of the total price .
but ledger was perhaps best known for his portrayal of ennis del mar in brokeback mountain , about two cowboys who had a secret romantic relationship .
seale , , was arrested in january and has pleaded not guilty to two counts of kidnapping and one count of conspiracy .
al maliki vowed to track down the killers and make sure they get the punishment that they deserve .
the standard poor s index down by a similar amount , about points .
chairman chung and his son chung eui sun , who is , president of group affiliate kia motors , could be indicted for fraud or embezzlement if allegations about their irregularities are confirmed .
the show quickly became a cultural sensation , with omnipresent merchandising , voices by hollywood a list guest stars and critics that included president george h . w . bush , who complained that america needed to be more like the waltons and less like the simpsons .
we hope to enhance mutual understanding , friendship and cooperation with other peoples through the games , qin said in a statement on the ministry s web site . we must follow the purpose of the olympics and not politicize the games .
they re just some of the creatures the actress impersonates in her new project , green porno .
bad peanut products led to hundreds of illnesses , and cost people their lives , a painful reminder of how tragic the consequences can be when food producers act irresponsibly , and government is unable to do its job .
top u . s . nuclear negotiator christopher hill expressed hope the move would allow north korea to meet saturday s deadline to halt work at its main nuclear reactor .
the huge size also alludes to the global impact of this election , the dossier adds .
the prints were made by three early , upright walking humans as they descended the treacherous side of a volcano perhaps to escape an eruption , researchers reported in thursday s issue of the journal nature .
seven of the surviving actors who played the inhabitants of munchkinland in the classic attended the ceremony , arriving in a horse drawn carriage and trailed by a marching band .
police said the march was peaceful . this is the latest in a series of rallies accusing thaksin of corruption and abuse of power .
the most recent shelling began at p . m . saturday and lasted for more than four hours , striking farmlands and adjacent roads used by villagers .
the winner will complete the last few months of ousted mayor kwame kilpatrick s term .
they have presided over the rise of extremism , they have created safe havens in the tribal areas of pakistan for the taliban and other militants and they fear my return .
and meanwhile , pakistani military officials say eight other militants have died in fighting inside pakistan today .
the women , who were in the studio , were asked to remove their bras from under their clothes , hold their bras up and pose for a video camera recording the event to be posted on the broadcaster s web site and video sharing site youtube , according to the statement .
last september s truce had ended two years of clashes and was aimed at stopping cross border attacks into afghanistan .
it was the highest bombing death toll in iraq since july and by far the bloodiest attack since last month u . s . assault on the sunni city of falluja , which aimed to quell the insurgency .
another pentagon inquiry is looking into an alleged massacre at haditha last november , in which civilians are thought to have been killed .
president obama has already gotten the resignation of gm s ceo rick wagoner .
the army says a total of troops and rebels have died so far in battles around the town of mir ali .
tehran , iran iran s parliament on wednesday voted in favor of a bill that could lead to the death penalty for persons convicted of working in the production of pornographic movies .
in a letter sent to the publishers , cooper urged them to review the slanders in this book that historically have led to anti semitism , violence , hatred and even genocide .
group c also includes world champions italy , france and romania .
mitch king , regional director of the fish and wildlife service , said the proposal is a recognition that montana , idaho and wyoming should not shoulder the costs of sustaining grizzlies and wolves alone .
five boats will transport the remaining emergency officials , reporters , residents and others from the town , government spokesman francisco vidal told cnn en espanol .
erdogan confirmed five deaths to news reporters . one of the dead was a pakistani and the others were turks .
the u . s . military used u , rc , and other reconnaissance aircraft for the flights , north korea s official news agency kcna said .
one of the individuals is a year old man , who witnesses said they saw torching areas in the southern peloponnese region near the town of areopolis , located kilometers miles southwest of athens .
not everyone is certain about this hypothesis .
the . million iraqis who sought refuge in neighboring jordan and syria during the year were the biggest reason for the increase , unhcr said .
more than , passengers who wanted to board trains at the guangzhou station were stranded in the city as heavy snowfall knocked out power and greatly slowed rail operations in hunan province , along a line serving beijing and guangzhou , chinese media reported .
the more expensive rooms are on the top floors .
the government has decided to officially request that the u . s . government extend the time period in which it would reduce usfk by , men by at least a year , according to the chosun ilbo .
korea and the philippines have signed an employment agreement for filipinos to work in korea under a foreign work permit system that goes into effect in august .
gas row sends shiver through freezing europe
regularly scheduled commercial flights , shipping , and mail between taiwan and china resumed monday for the first time since the revolution that brought the communist party to power on the chinese mainland .
a man dressed in black , wearing combat boots and holding an assault rifle and at least one handgun , opened fire in the parking lot of the vast new life church in colorado springs after sunday services , killing one person on the spot and wounding others .
officials said at least people were injured .
blackcomb s summer glacier skiing and snowboarding are tentatively scheduled to run through july .
the fighting and the dying getting more intense in gaza and israel today .
he spoke against the vietnam war .
analysts say the move shows the north koreans are serious about a pledge to shut down and seal the reactor .
the bill is being circulated to party members to gain backing .
if i were running al qaeda in iraq , i would put a circle around march and be praying as many times as possible for a victory , not only for obama but also for the democrats . watch obama call for a new generation of leadership
more than a half million homes and businesses remain without electricity in kentucky , slammed by an ice storm this past week .
at lunchtime he bought a cup at nearby favorite market convenience store and chose to spend on lottery tickets .
he came up screaming and was helped to shore by four of the swimmers .
crichton was a distinctive figure in the entertainment business , a trained physician whose interests included writing , filmmaking and television .
it showed that the conduct of these defendants , all four of them , was totally and utterly unacceptable .
but in a hint of where the then year old s future was heading , he wrote , i definately sic have the desire to be very successful in my business and this does take up alot sic of my time .
that s exactly what i wanted to feel on the course .
a panel of experts at the national bureau of economic research that determines when u . s . recessions begin and end , however , uses a broader definition , taking into account income , employment and other barometers .
but its biggest symbolic impact will be to challenge outdated perceptions of japan .
los angeles , california cnn robert goulet , the handsome , big voiced baritone whose broadway debut in camelot launched an award winning stage and recording career , has died .
uk prime minister gordon brown said britain will now formally recognize kosovo as an independent sovereign state .
but these days , insoo and his friends don t simply use their phones to send an sms , or to take pictures or listen to mp music .
the show we would love to do and . . . a show that we would prefer not to do , ganis said .
i m not a munchkin , i m an entertainer , carroll noted . but the movie is great because we all grew up with it .
the funds reportedly include lone star and carlyle , which have received a tax audit since april , as well as west brook , goldman sachs and aig .
new york s pyrotechnics display , billed as the nation s biggest with , fireworks , had a novelty ready to draw oohs and aahs from this year s crowd exploding shells aimed down , not up .
u . s . regulations bar companies from purchasing weapons or ammunition from a chinese military company directly or indirectly , according to u . s . military officials .
north korea s red cross society sent a message of sympathy to its u . s . counterpart saying it hoped the country would recover quickly from the natural disaster .
washington cnn u . s . navy gunners in the pacific were watching the sea and sky wednesday , waiting for perfect conditions to take a kill shot on an errant satellite miles above them .
and to quixote winery , the valley s newest spectacle , a hundertwasser design that gaud iacute
united accused the police in rome of handing out indiscriminate beatings to fans caught up in the trouble .
some clinics were accused of carrying out abortions using fake medical certificates .
strong wind and rains lashed taiwan as typhoon sepat made landfall on saturday , cutting power supplies to more than , homes and forcing airlines to delay flights .
the coast guard and the navy rescued a year old burmese sailor about five hours later .
however zhao is thought to have been detained in connection with a new york times report about plans by ex president jiang zemin to retire from his top military post .
the shooting at new life church came about hours after a shooting at a missionary training center in arvada , outside denver , left two people dead and two wounded .
if ishii can throw aspirin tablets in the major leagues , is there any reason why , at some point in the future , another strong armed japanese can t throw touchdown passes in the nfl ?
there s a whole ecosystem now of portable applications and online forums catering to these folks .
behind the walls , the police found a scene that one report described as little short of medieval , with hundreds of workers literally trapped inside the compound , living in squalid conditions , forced to work long hours , and subjected to physical , emotional , and sexual intimidation and abuse .
a four point seven magnitude earthquake shook the region sunday , but no injuries or damage were reported .
the national tax service says it is carrying out tax audits of six foreign funds , including the carlyle group and lone star funds , to check for possible tax evasion .
he also starred in the s sitcom mork mindy , and has acted in a number of movies including dead poets society and patch adams .
no invitation has been received for rice to visit the reclusive communist country for bilateral talks , an unidentified official at the state department in washington said .
he said a u . s . investigation showed no record of any other rendition through diego garcia or any other uk territory since then .
we don t yet have a full picture of exactly what happened , who is responsible , who is exactly being targeted , he told reporters during the state department s daily briefing .
typical media they sniffed .
the move indicates a shift of position by china , which had previously used its veto to stop the council from criticizing burma s military junta .
on monday , the eu increased sanctions on burma and the us said it was considering strengthening its own .
the president arrived to the sound of applause and well wishes from supporters while protesters demonstrated a few miles away , in downtown tokyo .
the rally participants also attempted to march towards the u . s . embassy in gwanghwamun .
ap s phil elliott reports that while the family is vacationing , obama s transition team is readying to release a report on the controversy surrounding illinois governor rod blagojevich .
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama are in a statistical dead heat in texas , according to a poll released eight days before the state s crucial presidential primary .
but one of the victims , bruce fromong , describes the incident as a home invasion type robbery , and police say they ve retrieved the guns that were used .
us president bush has met with defense secretary robert gates , secretary of state condoleezza rice and national security adviser steven hadley in iraq .
dr . georges benjamin , executive director of the american public health association , noted that we have these very modern technologies that are very good at sensing atmosphere and earth surfaces , and you can put them in computers and model some of these weather events . . . and we re pretty good at it right now .
diego maradona has been offered the job of becoming argentina s new national coach following a meeting with football association chiefs in buenos aires on tuesday .
banning smoking everywhere but in private homes and in the streets is the latest measure in a progressive crackdown that began years ago with the start of steady price hikes on cigarettes and a requirement that public places create non smoking areas the first curb on smoking in cafes .
at home , month old jack and year old rachel don t quite understand what their parents are watching .
u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states is very concerned about the chinese crackdown on tibetan protesters .
ap correspondent sandy kozel reports fannie mae and freddie mac are both putting a hold on foreclosures .
he was a veteran of german theatre and had roles in more than thirty domestic and foreign films , but will be remembered internationally for playing gerd wiesler , the bald stasi officer in the film that won a best foreign language oscar in february .
its member teachers will hold special classes denouncing the group , globalization and the united states in their elementary and secondary school classrooms .
the investor was charged in december with one count of securities fraud .
citi said it expects savings of . billion this year , . billion next year and . billion in from the job cuts . it will take a pretax charge of about . billion to pay for one time costs associated with the cuts .
when mercedes benz began to contemplate its next generation of high efficiency small cars , it sought aquatic inspiration .
he warned that failing to do so would only provide ammunition to those inside the united states and japan who are demanding a tougher stance toward pyongyang .
but the space age topography of tokyo has been shaped by a history of catastrophe .
obama did not appear on any of the sunday morning news shows .
vanuatu , formerly called the new hebrides islands , is part of the pacific ring of fire a zone of frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions , miles long that encircles the basin of the pacific ocean .
the reasons for hd cinema s slow progress are simultaneously obvious and confounding to people in the industry .
stocks opened higher this morning on a half day for wall street
has no place in public discourse , soros wrote tuesday to the chair and top democrat on the panel , reps .
obama quickly responded during a speech in billings , montana , asking why the presumptive republican presidential nominee was afraid to talk to iran and that it was the bush mccain war policy in iraq , not diplomacy , that would make iran stronger .
pentagon officials said at a news conference tuesday that gates would call for the review in addition to a full investigation into how the shipment to taiwan from a defense logistics agency warehouse happened months ago .
but you ll certainly improve your technique
there are numerous options for seeing glaciers by helicopter or small plane .
alexander arvizu , deputy assistant secretary of state , was meeting north korean officials to talk about bilateral matters referred to in the october rd agreement , u . s .
it also demanded a national assembly inspection of the suspicion .
katzmarzyk said remains of one of the victims was found in eight different parts of one mass grave .
washington cnn calling the public campaign financing system broken , barack obama said thursday that he had become the first candidate since its inception to decline federal matching funds for the general election
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said he declined to comment on non binding resolutions passed by parliaments in countries with dubious records on human rights , democracy and that are state sponsors of terror .
mashagiro is accused of arranging the mass killing to deter conservationists who were trying to prevent the destruction of the animals rainforest habitat , the international conservation group wildlifedirect said .
one of chicago s most well known real estate moguls appears to have shot himself to death , police said .
a tsa spokesman said the agency is publicizing the heightened scrutiny because it wants to be transparent with the public and let terrorists know we re on to them .
advertisements in local newspapers with the number plates will then be published , he said .
about , second questions have been submitted , ranging from issues such as iraq to health care and darfur .
a year old sudanese student on tuesday defended the british teacher accused of insulting islam saying he had chosen to call a teddy bear mohammad because it was his own name .
wolfowitz said the bank board accepted his contention that he acted ethically and in good faith .
defense attorney tara isaacson challenged her earlier testimony and her statements to police in .
the shuttle is essentially a glider during the hour long decent from orbit toward the landing strip .
after an agonizing year wait to lead britain s labour party , gordon brown will now become prime minister without a fight and with clear signs he is benefiting from a post blair bounce in the polls .
at one point , a hand appeared with a cell phone camera taking a close up picture of the surgery .
the midwest and northwest are the trouble spots .
fabio grosso scored the winning goal after france s david trezeguet missed .
during the moment of silence they were all holding hands , some of them were weeping . . . they are in a state of utter disbelief and utter shock that so many people have died , said yoon .
mexico city , mexico cnn police involved in a raid that sparked a fatal stampede at a nightclub in northern mexico city on friday have been suspended , and an investigation into the incident is under way , officials said saturday .
there is a reward of , , swiss francs for information leading to the return of the paintings , police said .
a late night call to french president nicolas sarkozy s office was not immediately returned thursday .
, two south korean diplomats reportedly escorted the nine refugees to the home , instead of housing them inside their diplomatic mission , following a protocol established with the chinese authorities . but the chinese police raided the house only hours later and directly sent them to dandong , a border town near north korea .
i m not surprised anymore by what people lose , says the custodian , veteran police officer nobuo hasuda as he pads along the cramped paths between caches of wheelchairs , snow shoes , motorcycle helmets , trumpets , porno videos .
the audience is huge , especially for soap operas
march , and eyeglasses
potential employers have often told her she is one of other applicants .
no one wants to get up to take a child to the bathroom three times before the main course is served !
a referendum attempting to save historic tempelhof airport the cold war era hub of the berlin airlift failed on sunday .
city officials are starting to charge rent to some families staying in homeless shelters ?
no ship is exactly the same and all of them have their own characteristics .
the plan was discussed during a policy coordination meeting between top government officials and the leaders of the ruling uri party at the national assembly .
but palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas said in a written statement , the palestinian authority condemns any attack on innocent civilians .
it was unclear exactly how many people were injured or the severity of their injuries , olli tynes , a journalist with reykjavik s channel , told cnn .
another worry is whether too much relaxation might undermine south korea s power , accomplishments and work ethic .
meanwhile , chicago will be among the first three cities nationwide to have access to a new high speed wireless network that s part of an emerging technology called wimax .
in that instance , the defence ministry ruled out a missile and all the usual explanations , wrote david clarke , a ufo expert and journalism instructor at sheffield hallam university , who worked with the national archives to prepare the new materials for release .
but when obama faces mccain , the two are statistically tied obama holds a two point edge over mccain , within the poll s margin of error .
two of the four arrested are members of the victim s family , police in nineveh province said thursday . four others , including a cousin thought to have instigated the killing , are being sought .
novartis said in october that its third quarter earnings more than tripled due to large divestments , but poor pharmaceuticals sales meant , u . s . job cuts and a reorganization of its divisional management .
admiral william fallon told a senate confirmation hearing that time is short for the us to turn iraq around .
in st . louis , missouri , megabrewer anheuser busch is throwing a big bash , complete with historical exhibits and an appearance by the company s famous clydesdale horses .
virginia tech s former police chief , debra duncan , told the roanoke times , that flinchum was the right person to replace her and a big asset when she commanded the department .
today demonstrators took to the streets of the city
world champions italy have called up fiorentina defender alessandro gamberini to replace cannavaro , with goalkeeper gianluigi buffon likely taking over as captain .
incomplete returns showed medvedev with a hefty lead in sunday s presidential election .
it would not have gone meters into the atmosphere before tehran would be razed .
the gunman killed a police officer and a civilian and wounded two others before apparently turning the gun on himself , authorities said .
ucl said the secret behind the technology is the speed at which the successive impulses are sent .
boenisch became the first german woman to win a judo gold medal at the olympics in athens where she triumphed in the under kg category .
other companies are also seeing gains .
asia pacific leaders have concluded a summit in sydney with a statement that called for a rapid conclusion to long running global trade talks .
the leaders of the group of eight nations are sharing their concerns on nuclear weapons .
the talks , now in their fourth round , were supposed to restart last week but were delayed by north korea in protest at us south korean military exercises .
singing stevie wonder played at the white house , and president barack obama presented him with the library of congress gershwin prize for popular songs .
twenty years ago , the plaza in front of seoul city hall was filled with tens of thousands of protesters risking tear gas and injury to fight for a democratic future .
he applauded musharraf for taking some very strong measures against extremists in pakistan , namely the recent handling of militants holed up in islamabad s red mosque .
he said an investigation into the incident is under way .
michael crichton was born in chicago in and grew up in new york s suburbs .
hardware company dell has a second hand exchange scheme in the united states where customers cover the cost of shipping .
intensifying violence , food shortages and widespread drought are driving an increasing number of somalis to seek asylum in yemen , the united nations refugee agency said tuesday .
passenger alberto pinero said that within a couple minutes after takeoff , you just heard a loud bang and the plane shook a bit .
takami eto , a year old three time cabinet minister who leads the third largest faction in the ruling liberal democratic party , dismissed as a big lie estimates that the japanese army killed as many as , civilians during the occupation of the chinese city of nanjing , then called nanking .
that s where we can provide safe , nutritious and affordable foods for consumers .
a device left in a casino parking garage exploded early monday , killing a man who tried to pick it up off the top of his car , authorities said .
thatcher was britain s first and only female prime minister and the first th century british leader to win three terms .
the main repository can be found at a site called i can has cheezburger , which gets millions of page views every day .
dubai s sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum owns dubai , the number one vessel , while the boat currently ranked second largest is owned by sultan qaboos of oman .
when the unification minister jung dong young went to pyeonyang to celebrate the historic inter korean summit in june , he met north korean leader kim jung il and convinced north to rejoin the international nuclear disarmament and rejoin the international community .
clinton has vowed to stay in the race until someone gets enough delegates to clinch the nomination .
but polar scientists already see changes in plants and animals from rapidly warming temperatures .
the focus of talks should be the dismantlement of north s nuclear crisis .
i ll tell him a lot more too , but i m extremely happy now .
the dark colored painting showed the bars of his cell and a night scene beyond , with a full red moon and a guard tower in the distance . castro told him he needed to sign his work . no one knows the merit that this has , that you did this .
fukuda will hold talks with president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and legislative chief wu bangguo on friday .
cruise ship accidents remain one of the biggest threats to the environment .
upon inspecting the convoy , soldiers found a stubbly faced man , haider al bahadli , decked out in a white bride s dress and veil .
ap s sophia manos reports that the head of the irs feels the government can do a better job
lafayette , indiana cnn a woman whose diamond ring vanished while she was making fudge for a bake sale was despondent after scouring her home and finding no sign of it .
barclays says tonight it s going to acquire lehman brothers north american investment banking and capital markets , for million in cash .
we have absolute confidence that , when all of the facts are presented together , we will be able to demonstrate that we played absolutely no part in madeleine s abduction , mccann s posting said .
gonzales had played a critical role in the war on terror and worked tirelessly to keep this country safe , the president claimed .
president george w . bush announced the deal at the opening of a nation middle east peace conference , with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas standing at his side .
the agency predicted that this year s exports would top billion .
they have separate brains normal in size and structure and separated by a membrane , meaning surgeons will not have to cut through any brain tissue .
at the end of the international part of the relay the torch will wind its way through mainland china , with the highlight its ascent up mount everest in may , before ending up in beijing for the pomp and pyrotechnics of the opening ceremony on august .
the fighting erupted as troops went in to arrest a militant responsible for earlier killings , they said .
commercial paper is used for short term funding by companies .
who discovered the titanic deplored that people damaged the shipwreck .
poland has one of the larger non u . s . contingents .
the un reporter on torture , manfred nowak , has arrived in communist china on a fact finding mission to examine allegations of official maltreatment .
if i hear my own supporters engaging in talk that i think is ungenerous or misleading or in some way is unfair , then i will speak out forcefully against them , and i hope the other campaigns take the same approach , he said .
the men , gathered in a focus group conducted by fortune , could be remarkably compassionate about the subject , but generally they regard midlife crises as vaguely embarrassing thing that other people occasionally have .
ban said tuesday that farmers in developing countries can no longer afford to plant as many crops as they once did because of the rising cost of fertilizer and energy .
japanese nobel prize laureate said japan s military ambition is in a serious condition .
this is a very important media for us , says warren lieberfarb president of the company .
what this means is a third of that time , roughly a third , is wasted .
after the break , navas equalizing from a superb cross from sergio duda in the th minute .
avoid late meals and alcohol
a family friend , artur mitiniani , told channel that the family had lost , because of problems with a russian citizen whom bogdanyants met at the embassy .
last week s surge in oil prices drove gasoline prices sharply higher just before the long memorial day holiday weekend in the u . s .
delegate riley ingram , r hopewell , introduced the bill on behalf of a woman whose year old daughter was french kissed by the year old husband of her babysitter .
previously , under the interagency bison management plan , wandering bison were sent to slaughter without being tested for brucellosis .
as anger surrounding the case roiled australia , bligh on tuesday confirmed news reports that the girl was first sexually assaulted at aurukun in , by several juveniles who did not face court .
thirty eight people were taken to hospitals after the accident , airport officials said sunday .
and desire was definitely not in short supply .
actress moon so ri won the marcello mastroianni award as best newcomer in at venice with her role in oasis , another film directed by lee .
environmentalists say the indian state of jammu kashmir has lost more than square kilometers square miles out of , square kilometers , square miles of forest cover since .
once the captain noticed that the vessel was taking on water , he made the decision . . . to run it aground , petty officer chris evanson of the coast guard said on cnn s newsroom .
the more than , victims who died when the atomic age was born , when the u . s . dropped the first unclear bombs on japan .
workplace america , a newsletter published by hunt scanlon publications in connecticut , tallied the year s biggest job reduction announcements and came up with a sum of about , , the lowest since the newsletter began keeping its list in .
under previous law , victims of deliberate assault like mrs . a only had six years in which to sue their attacker , after which no legal action was allowed .
clearly losing on penalties after working so hard doesn t leave us happy , italy coach roberto donadoni told the associated press . we all spent a lot of energy .
zoi said he contributed his personal profits from the book and movie , an inconvenient truth , a , award from his share of the nobel peace prize and a personal matching gift .
compared to the standard petrol rio , air pollutants are reduced by per cent and fuel efficiency is improved by per cent .
if this resolution that passed in the committee passes the house as well , our military ties with the u . s . will never be the same again , gen . yasar buyukanit told the daily milliyet newspaper .
the heavy flooding of recent days has left as many as , people without homes and destroyed one tenth of the country s much needed farmland , north korea said on wednesday .
she said the contention the united states has adopted a go it alone foreign policy , a recent accusation by republican presidential contender mike huckabee , was just simply ludicrous .
in late september , the u . s . treasury department announced it was freezing the assets of senior members of the government of myanmar , formerly known as burma .
in fact , communication between senior al qaeda leadership and al masri frequently went through al mashadani , bergner said .
thailand s election commission chairman has cast doubt on whether a controversial election set for april can go ahead as planned .
a committee spokesman said we will work with relevant departments to respond to the practice of reselling tickets for profit .
footage of hussein s december execution , filmed on a mobile phone and showing the former iraqi leader being taunted just before he was hanged , was leaked to the media and shown across the world .
hartmann , the legal adviser to the military commission trying the men , announced monday that the government will seek the death penalty against the six detainees , including alleged mastermind khalid shaikh mohammed .
of all the goodies up our sleeves lately , this is one of the most dramatic , tim stanley , chief information officer of harrah s , told the associated press .
the religious group claimed the chosun ilbo falsely accused a jogye order temple of paying shin in return for illegal government subsidies and other benefits .
roh s chief of staff moon jae in told reporters that the presidential office has decided to take legal action against the commission as it cannot fully accept the ruling .
the two day contest , beginning monday , takes place not at a casino , but at the annual conference of the association for the advancement of artificial intelligence in vancouver , british columbia .
mr . al fayed vehemently denies this allegation and is confident that his name will be cleared , it said .
will prove not only that you re qualified for the job but that you also have an attention to detail .
they were very engaged during the arguments
watch the fates and heroics of australian passengers , seat by seat
bao was confirmed last year by guinness world records as the world s tallest person .
the parents traveled abroad to drum up support and even met pope benedict xvi .
washington cnn hundreds of pro serbian activists gathered sunday outside the white house to decry kosovo s secession from serbia this month and to demand the bush administration retract its recognition of kosovo as an independent country . shame on bush !
it s not what we expected to happen , boston slugger david ortiz said .
elsewhere , people died in an attack in khanaqin , in the same region . and in baghdad , at least people were killed by mortar fire in the mainly sunni district of adhamiyah .
but it also said it expects earnings of about . per share , significantly below expectations of . per share .
sarkozy , who previously had a consistent lead in opinion polls , dropped by one point from the previous csa poll while royal rose by one point .
i have rather mixed feelings , given the need for breeding , but tsuyoshi is an idol for kushiro , yoshio yamaguchi , head of the kushiro zoo , told japan s kyodo news agency .
walking on two feet separates humans from most other animals .
the monastery , in the biggest city yangon , was raided last thursday .
but it probably won t lead to medical treatments any time soon .
he won a pulitzer prize and a loeb award in with detroit bureau colleague joseph white for their coverage of the corporate governance upheaval at general motors .
i think the days of just a saturday morning radio address and an occasional press conference as the way the president speaks to the american public are over , raseij said .
the little girl is hospitalized , as is another shooting victim , and a young woman with a broken ankle .
i took good care of myself , the way he wanted me to , baines said .
i happen to believe it s important to push the process along , bush said sunday at a joint news conference with albanian prime minister sali berisha .
tried to get the coupon that they choked the site and it crashed .
flames licked the edges of the original olympic stadium and scorched the yard of the museum , home to one of greece s greatest archaeological collections .
greek officials handed over the olympic flame to organizers of the beijing games in athens amid small protests by a pro tibetan group .
we reported the matter to uefa before the game . we noticed it in the warm up and they uefa are aware of it .
garland , who played the movie s wide eyed orphan , dorothy gale , died of a drug overdose in .
i think we ve got to bear in mind that although there s a huge amount of controversy now surrounding the olympics because of what s been happening in tibet , the dalai lama himself has made it clear he doesn t want there to be a boycott of the olympics , brown told reporters at his monthly news conference .
some demonstrators threw themselves at the torch , and at least one tried to snatch it away .
he s the most prominent democrat yet to take a side in the presidential election , but two sources close to al gore tell us not to expect the former vice president to endorse either hillary clinton or barack obama any time during the primary season .
no deaths have officially been blamed on the outbreak , but the infection may have contributed to the death in texas of a man in his s who also had cancer , the cdc said .
two suicide bombers died when their explosives laden truck detonated near a border crossing in northern gaza on tuesday morning , the israeli military said .
on monday , prime minister ismail haniya of hamas stayed away from a weekly cabinet meeting in gaza city .
the u . s . military said shiite militants backed by iran have been staging such attacks .
the bumpy ride across town costs about a dollar .
four of the people wounded in the weekend bombing of an islamabad restaurant are u . s . fbi agents , the bureau confirmed sunday .
researchers discovered the coins at the beginning of the eight day jewish holiday of hanukkah , which started at sunset on sunday .
both candidates have been launching waves of robocalls , tough mailers and matching attack ads , spending an estimated hundreds of thousands of dollars a day .
buddhist temples serve mild kimchi .
but officials were unclear how many people were on board the ferry , with reports saying one person was dead and more than might still be missing .
two civilians were killed and others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated at a busy intersection in central baghdad .
he had to be withdrawn in march after his secret deployment was revealed in a media report .
treasury delegation led by deputy assistant secretary daniel glaser had a second day of talks with chinese officials in beijing , working out details of transferring million out of macau to a north korean account in china .
they had gone to batticaloa to take part in a development meeting
the suspect , who was employed by the forest county sheriff s office , was reported to have been killed by a police sniper .
it took global positioning technology for police to track down a year old boy and get him to a hospital in time for a life saving heart transplant .
farc has long justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic in a drawn out , complex civil war that has involved right wing paramilitary groups , government forces and drug trafficking .
of course , vacationing with young children isn t always a vacation for parents .
tensions have been heightened since north korea carried out a nuclear test on october th . the talks , which also involve russia , south korea and japan , will be held in beijing , china s foreign ministry said .
after stopping in beijing , gates will arrive in seoul on tuesday to attend the annual ministerial level security consultative meeting scm scheduled for wednesday , according to military officials who requested anonymity .
very high , sir , said the unidentified marine .
obama supporters have been pressing for these superdelegates to endorse early this week , but according to one source , the senators don t want to pound hillary clinton , and there is a sense she should be given a grace period .
the fallout from the sex scandal has had a serious impact on the u . s . catholic church in terms of its finances , its moral authority and the demoralization of catholics .
mexico city previously allowed abortion only in cases of rape , if the woman s life was at risk or if there were signs of severe defects in the fetus .
while last minute polls indicate romney has gained ground against mccain in california , romney is likely to split races with huckabee in the south , republican strategist john feehery said .
the report says global warming has already degraded conditions for many species , coastal areas and poor people .
leonardo dicaprio had his first screening at the festival , at the age of , with the iconic movie what s eating gilbert grape .
on average , more than million tourists visit cuba annually .
in the end , both conceded their opponent is capable of defeating republican john mccain for the presidency in november while maintaining they would have the best chance of the two .
light , sweet crude for june delivery rose cents in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , midmorning in singapore wednesday .
this afternoon , he keynotes the inaugural s opening gala , which is also a star studded concert featuring performers running the gamut from james taylor to will . i . am .
did spears , lest we forget a mother of two .
obama has outspent hillary clinton three to one just on television advertising in pennsylvania . he spent more than million dollars trying to get his name out and his message out to hillary clinton s million dollars , said mark preston , a cnn political editor .
but the country s opposition say the decision to close the network is an attempt to silence chavez s critics .
both have thrown the ball past the vaunted mile per hour mark on a radar gun .
his lawyer entered the plea as peterson stood silently in court this morning in joliet , illinois .
prison officials in mexico s northern states are pointing to inmate workshops as a way to stem the loss of business as foreign owned assembly plants abandon the border zone in search of cheaper labor in asia .
while he was happy to get a golden globe nomination for his muscular performance as a harlem drug lord in american gangster , washington sounds particularly tickled by the best picture globe bid for the great debaters .
it refers to an imminent world where physical objects and beings , as well as virtual data and environments , all live and interact with each other in the same space and time .
perhaps jack s greatest coup was the name he gave his high quality product old no . . naturally , nobody seems to know why .
developers of a , foot meters skyscraper still under construction in oil rich dubai has claimed that it has become the world s tallest building , surpassing taiwan s taipei which has dominated the global skyline at , feet meters since .
the afghan president has increasingly voiced anger over the issue .
she was ordered to quit the restaurant job and now works as a receptionist in her mother s barber shop , the report said .
mills mccartney was also asked in the bbc interview if she feared for her life and she replied , yes i do , yes i do .
if only two ideas are chosen , each will receive million , and so on .
prosecutors may later seek to indict the suspects and put them on trial .
london , england angel cabrera s victory in the u . s . open at oakmont has seen the argentine leap from rd to second in the european order of merit .
the body mummified rather than rotted in part because of the salty seaside air in roses , a catalan regional police official said , speaking on condition of anonymity .
the blue house announced yesterday that it had traced the source of leaks of sensitive papers that dealt with u . s .
controversy over the status of the polar bear is tied to the fact that this is the first time a species has been considered for listing specifically because its habitat is threatened by global warming .
tobacco killed million people in the world last century and will kill a billion in the st century , unless changes are made , said john r . seffrin , chief executive officer at the american cancer society , tuesday .
seoul will ask to purchase the unmanned aerial vehicle global hawk during the upcoming security policy initiative talks the official said , on condition of anonymity .
noel lashed the dominican republic with heavy rain on monday , causing flooding and mudslides that left people dead in the dominican republic , a government spokesman said .
for example , a game called jewel diver has players keep track of underwater jewels that pop up on the screen for a moment before they are hidden under fish swimming around .
last year the supreme court ordered judges to be more sparing in its imposition .
earlier on thursday , china admitted for the first time that the protests had spread outside the tibetan autonomous region to nearby provinces in south western china where large numbers of ethnic tibetans live .
a u . s . official says the troop pullout plan will be discussed for a few more months .
capt . louis mulkey , years
everton got off to a perfect start and took the lead after just seconds .
congress is expected this week to pick apart u . s . military data suggesting attacks and civilian casualties in baghdad have sharply decreased in recent months .
police on the island nation said a post mortem examination would be conducted as soon as possible .
yonhap news service reports the samsung group was in hot water tuesday after its former chief attorney made public a document indicating possible shady transactions in father to son transfers of company ownership and wealth .
i think he s going to feel great about the oscar , resto said backstage , after accepting the award for the absent eminem .
a complete regime change in communist north korea is a long term goal for the bush administration , the head of a right wing american think tank told the korea herald yesterday .
a colombian prosecutor called thursday for an investigation into people , including an american professor , for alleged ties to members of a leftist rebel group in colombia .
president george bush failed to mention korea while listing the names of its allies in his address to accept his nomination as the republican candidate for the next presidential election .
this is a clear victimisation of the indians by bringing forth a malicious prosecution that is race based , he said .
a suicide bomber killed people on sunday after attacking a bakery on a pakistan army base near the northwestern city of peshawar , according to police and the pakistani military .
when asked about snow s plans to leave , perino told cnn , i ve got nothing on that , nor would i speculate .
it is not known how the habit of treating ships as feminine began though it is a custom used mainly in english dominated countries .
in a monday letter to eric schmidt , chief executive officer of google , lieberman asked that youtube implement its own policy against this offensive material , by removing the videos .
the singer neil diamond lost half his fortune an estimated million when he separated from his wife of years , marcia murphy , in , citing irreconcilable differences .
police don t believe the cat was harmed but are continuing to investigate .
baema chilain , vice chairman of the regional government , told xinhua some people had turned in money they had looted .
washington cnn global warming could destabilize struggling and poor countries around the world , prompting mass migrations and creating breeding grounds for terrorists , the chairman of the national intelligence council told congress on wednesday .
the babies also chose neutral toys ones that didn t help or hinder over the naughty ones . and the babies chose the helping toys over the neutral ones .
early sunday a qassam rocket hit sderot , wounding two people one who later died from the injuries , israeli medical services said . watch workers pull rocket remains from pavement
troops in full combat gear and armored cars deployed in and around martyrs square , where the country s two main rival groups were present
in recent months , high prices for transport fuel , heating oil , bread , dairy products and vegetables have pushed up the rate and are blamed for holding back household spending eating into one of the main drivers of economic growth in the region .
but it is unclear whether the vote will go ahead as planned early next month .
the animal was locked up at a local jail that usually holds people for public drunkenness and other disturbances after it bit and kicked two men near a ranch in chiapas state , police said monday .
pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto has accused islamabad of waging a typical disinformation campaign by saying it planned to lift longstanding corruption charges ahead of her planned return to pakistan for upcoming elections .
shanghai , china a leading teenage gymnast likely will be paralyzed for life following a horrific fall from the uneven bars at the national championships , a key warmup for next year s beijing olympic games , a newspaper reported thursday .
patel is years old , a muscular feet , inches tall and right handed .
a ruling party lawmaker has agreed to testify under oath about his links to an alleged bid rigging scandal , and threatening his reform agenda .
crain said tuesday s attack was less serious than attacks against the same root servers in october because technology innovations in recent years have increasingly distributed their workloads to other computers around the globe .
hess said online stores designed web sites to make shopping easier , while convincing customers of the security of their credit card numbers .
we again express our strong dissatisfaction with the japanese side for allowing lee teng hui to visit japan , chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu said . lee defended his visit , saying it was a private , family event .
bush announced he is adding some , troops to the , strong american contingent in iraq .
in the meantime , the millions of dollars in bonuses that the insurance giant gave to its executives , amid taking billions in federal bailout money , have caused widespread outrage at the white house , on capitol hill , and among the public .
new delhi cnn a man in southern india married a female dog in a traditional hindu ceremony in a bid to atone for stoning two dogs to death , a newspaper reported tuesday .
greenland was discovered by vikings sailing from iceland about , years ago .
earlier , israel warned civilians north east of lebanon s litani river to leave their homes
that s the primary role we want to use them in .
giving him what they thought was a baby teething medicine , they were in fact dosing him with anti freeze .
there was violence at other games .
king solomon is known in the old testament for his wisdom and wealth and for building the first temple in jerusalem .
the united nations says at least million new jobs will be needed during the next ten years to help support the world s workforce .
they conducted two trials with volunteers whose sleep patterns had been disturbed by keeping them awake for five hours longer
as the rage cooled and life got back to normal in falluja yesterday , many townspeople said they felt a mixture of pride and shame .
painters alex and allyson grey are planning to move the business to a acre plot of land in upstate new york .
this is what we are going to do in any area where we are going to develop an oil or gas field or lay a new pipeline or carry out any new activity , hussein al shahristani told cnn on monday . we are going to recruit people from the very community .
ac milan s italy defender alessandro nesta has retired from international football , he told a news conference on wednesday .
xinhua made the announcement of kim s visit moments after he was reported to have departed beijing by train to return to pyeongyang .
china s boom falters amid global crisis
i d like to put it in the past now .
president george bush claims the measure is needed to combat terrorist threats .
the move will likely ensure that united russia retains a two thirds majority in the state duma , the lower house of parliament , enough to change the constitution .
the hostages are said to be in good health but the rebels have said they will kill them if there is any attempt to free them by force or if the government fails to release a number of taleban prisoners soon .
the government office has opened negotiations with the parents about the name under a policy that says all unusual names must be given case by case consideration .
all of the gnp legislators stayed away from the vote .
the country s largest carmaker allegedly bribed politicians and bureaucrats for business favors in past years .
charismatic visionaries lead people ahead , and sometimes astray .
in this way it said it expected to find more evidence of how they are being used by criminals .
gilani , a long time aide to slain opposition leader benazir bhutto voted in by pakistan s new parliament , moved to free the officials arrested last november when president pervez musharraf declared a state of emergency .
the year old will serve his sentence in yatala prison near adelaide .
current dancing with the stars contestant shannon elizabeth no . returned to the ranking after being absent last year , joining professional dancers cheryl burke no . and karina smirnoff no . .
the unemployment line is getting longer !
the announcement came moments after u . s . attorney for the district of columbia jeffrey taylor accused the cincinnati based banana producer with paying through its colombia subsidiary banadex a right wing paramilitary group in urab ? and santa marta , two areas of colombia where chiquita grew bananas .
rescuers struggled to reach some of the hardest hit areas of southwestern china on tuesday after a massive earthquake that left a death toll well above , .
a similar poll in the nihon keizai shimbun found of participants opposed such visits .
liverpool captain steven gerrard criticized styles performance , saying he cracked under pressure on the penalty decision .
north korea has released a photograph of a smiling kim jong il , the latest in an apparent attempt to dispel rumors that the reclusive leader is gravely ill .
this is the only place in the world to see the pint size key deer .
when it comes to dna , there s not that much difference between mice and men .
i am going to raise an international cooperation fund worth up to billion that s entirely to assist the north , lee promised .
in a similar poll taken in august , giuliani registered percent , while thompson , then not an official candidate , was at percent .
but , abe s remark appears to be only an effort to deflect u . s . criticism over comments he made last month that there was no proof the government or the military had forced the women , many of them korean , to serve japanese soldiers in the brothels .
why would he all of a sudden take a massive dose of methadone ?
there was no way to verify the claims of either the coalition or the villagers at the remote battle site .
police used pepper spray to break up hundreds of rioting kent state university students in ohio , who sparked a string of street fires late last night .
in fact , years from now , your great great grandchildren could claim it .
many russians believe he has led the country out of the poverty and uncertainty of the s and is responsible for the current national economic boom .
the bottom has also fallen out from under latin american stocks , led by a drop in brazilian shares .
i am far more energized for this election , wible , a pennsylvania voter , said after completing his ballot at the u . s . consulate in the southern chinese city .
beckham was substituted just after the hour mark by which time the home side had taken a firm hold and led through franck ribery s penalty after minutes .
authorities in harwich , massachusetts , are probing the mysterious appearance of a piano , in good working condition , in the middle of the woods .
according to the human rights center sova , which monitors xenophobia , people were killed in and others were injured in apparent hate crimes .
two protesters are being held hostage after they boarded a japanese whaling vessel in the antarctic .
small said he can t pinpoint why there was more brain activity in the experienced users .
willis isn t alone in her devotion .
at this point there s almost been a media blackout on this , and it appears as though the pentagon is really taking the lead on presenting information .
for now , we re an immediate solution for many of these companies to utilize waste for something that s creative and promotes environmental awareness , marcoschamer said . ecoist isn t alone .
an estimated , people have died and . million have fled their homes in darfur since mostly non arab rebels took up arms against the government in the vast western region in .
south and north korea will thoroughly consult each other s position on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula and will continue cooperation to resolve this issue peacefully through dialogue , a joint statement said .
the one hour meeting was intended to break the ice , kenya s foreign minister moses wetangula had said earlier .
as the procession starts , they light candles from torches lit by an eternal flame at the grave .
in both countries , if they continue they will bleed to death and if they withdraw they lose everything , said zawahri , the right hand man of al qaeda leader osama bin laden .
hong seok hyun was questioned by the prosecution .
the peanut paste , made from roasted peanuts , is an ingredient in cookies , cakes , and other products that people buy in a supermarket .
they face jail terms of up to years if convicted .
i look forward to that and that s a matter of national security and , and our economic prosperity opportunities .
you know how many girls lost their purses , got hurt ?
the alaska governor appeared on cnn s larry king live on wednesday to discuss the historic campaign , how she thought she affected the republican ticket , the concession speech she never got to make , her family s coverage in the media and her plans now that the election is over .
beijing has tightened security ahead of the olympic torch s arrival after demonstrations by protesters during its passage through greece .
the complaint was made after the nation s leading broadcaster mbc reported tape recordings in which the nation s spy agency eavesdropped conversations between lee hak soo and hong , then president of the samsung affiliated daily newspaper , joongang ilbo .
they will work hard with the help of law enforcement from this state and surrounding communities to try to answer some of the horrible questions surrounding this horrific act of violence .
i have heard from a number of people already , both black and white , that their kids , , years old take for granted now that , of course , a black can run for president , that a woman can run for president , he said . there is a matter of factness to it that i think bodes well for the future .
the bombing came amid a nationwide alert triggered by the discovery of at least three packages , in three different towns , that contained bombs .
and billy elliott , the season s biggest musical hit , dominates the nominations for the best on broadway it picked up this morning , more than any other show .
in another action sure to reduce foreign financial confidence in korea , seoul prosecutors at the financial crime investigation unit said yesterday they planned to indict warburg pincus , a private u . s . equity investment company , for allegedly using insider information in its stock trading here .
in safeonline halpert gives parents the tools they need to protect their children from cyberthreats .
the myanmar exile group , made up of former political prisoners , said authorities had recently informed the family of win shwe , , that he had died during interrogation in the central region of sagaing .
the two koreas remain technically at war although they signed a nonaggression treaty in .
edwards , a former north carolina senator who dropped out of the democratic presidential race in january , has yet to endorse a candidate .
her events from tea parties with fine china to military themed parties led by former marines usually take six weeks to plan and cost as much as , .
in one case , a soldier was court martialed , reduced in rank and discharged from the army .
liga after a draw on wednesday night .
a helicopter on standby during the filming flew the seriously injured stunt driver to verona , where he underwent surgery , said town spokesman marco girardi , who also was acting as a liaison to the production company .
the government blamed the rebel group , the tamil tigers , for the train blast saying the group often uses suicide bombers in its attacks .
a cnn employee , on the th floor of a high rise hotel , reported that the building swayed .
together we will work to modernize our financial systems , bush said . we must resist the temptation of financial isolationism .
jane fonda back on broadway for variations
vowing that french policy would not be characterized by a wait and see approach , he turned to eads , a highly sensitive topic in the franco german relationship in past years .
the u . s . military said a commander and police offers responsible for security at the time of the attack were arrested .
emanuel had earlier said that he was honored to be considered for the position , but had a lot to think about on a personal level .
palestinian sources reported that between and militants and civilians have died .
beardsley , , considered a key witness , was also arrested wednesday .
the associated press .
the chattanooga home s unusual shape sort of like two white frisbees pasted together poses some interior decorating challenges .
sen . edward kennedy s seizure saturday was caused by a malignant tumor in his brain , the hospital treating the massachusetts senator said tuesday .
jon stewart challenged cnbc to do better in explaining the economic meltdown and exposing wall street fraud , when he faced off with jim cramer last night
seoul , south korea ap north korea has made a conciliatory gesture toward south korea , proposing high level talks after jeopardizing planned negotiations with the united states with confusing claims about reprocessing spent nuclear fuel for possible atomic weapons .
the defense ministry official told cnn that it was unusual for a commissioned officer to defect , although yonhap reported that an enlisted member of the north s korean people s army crossed the border last year .
ntv said police had a suspect in the case who burned di marineo s id papers and had inserted his own sim card into di marineo s mobile phone .
according to the commentary , the group made the move because the u . s . military did not heed its demand to end the search for the soldiers .
kashmir s snow leopards are killed for their skin , and by frightened villagers .
investigators found a suicide note linked to the glasgow , scotland , attack , sources close to the investigation told cnn wednesday .
a survey of sex therapists concluded the optimal amount of time for sexual intercourse was to minutes .
the recall was among the largest in recent months involving chinese products , which have come under scrutiny worldwide for containing potentially dangerous high levels of chemicals and toxins .
istanbul gov . muammer guler said at least people were living there and several people were in a coffee house in the basement .
separate aims and positions , including on the north s nuclear standoff , blocked a full agreement at the first inter korean talks in months and the two sides decided to slate a third round of negotiations today .
this is not a package that s everyone going to be paid for by the current generation .
youtube said monday on its blog that it had removed a number of videos from its site after examining several videos that lieberman s staff said violated youtube s community guidelines .
and in vietnam , the government said tropical storm hagibis was expected to hit the country s southern region saturday .
grylls was injured friday night after falling during the expedition , which was not for the discovery channel , according to the network s statement .
the two former chief executives faced counts relating to enron s collapse .
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
cnn the united nations said friday it was disappointed that myanmar s government had expelled a top u . n . diplomat , and the bush administration condemned the action by the ruling military junta in the secretive asian country .
the president also wished the indian leader success in investigating what he calls the despicable acts in mumbai .
police on monday blocked roads leading to courthouses in major cities and in at least one instance a television news crew was detained and their cameras confiscated as they tried to cover what was happening outside of one court .
self declared prophet pyotr kuznetsov , who was not with his followers , is now in a psychiatric hospital but will be taken to the site wednesday to seek the release of the children , yevgeny guseynov , a regional government official , told the associated press .
in a resolution issued sunday after a meeting of top leaders , the ppp called on the army to immediately stop its operation in balochistan , a province near the afghan border .
the unanimous resolution calls on u . n . members to use all necessary means to repress acts of piracy and armed robbery , and authorizes warships to chase pirates into somali territorial waters if necessary .
despite protests that previous prime ministers had to be dead to rate a statue in britain s houses of parliament , margaret thatcher unveiled her silicon bronze likeness at a ceremony wednesday .
one of the caskets even bears the title , judah , son of jesus , hinting that jesus may have had a son , according to the film . watch why it could be any mary , jesus and joseph in those boxes
twenty nine year old kang soo yun captured her maiden lpga event at under par .
the speech comes a week after a u . s . national intelligence estimate named al qaeda the most serious terrorist threat to the u . s . homeland and said that al qaeda in iraq was the main group s most visible and capable affiliate .
according to a theory advanced by neurologist stanley prusiner of the university of california , san francisco , in , prions are misshapen molecules that wrap themselves around normal proteins in brain cells diagram .
he s been traveling the country for cash since effectively locking up the nomination six weeks ago but still seriously lags behind the democrats coffers .
it s the phillies against the rays in the world series , opening tonight under the dome of tropicana field .
the first crash occurred when one truck tried to pass another on a curve and smashed into an oncoming bus with about people aboard , said highway police spokesman adrian fiamoncini .
stevens said that such a labor relations scenario would combine with current economic problems including the rising price of oil to place the northwest pilots and all other northwest employees at greater risk than as a stand alone carrier .
u . s . ranchers and lawmakers are demanding that japan fully resume u . s . beef imports .
i can confirm that today the ambassador submitted to the russian foreign ministry papers requesting the extradition of mr . lugovoi , a british embassy spokesman said .
taliban kidnap murderers agreed to face to face talks with south korean officials to discuss the fate of koreans , held by the islamic terrorist group for two weeks .
marine scientists will be very interested in this amazing creature as it adds immeasurably to our understanding of the marine environment , anderton said .
bringing pac s to places like iruma makes them the focus of interception strategy and therefore at risk of becoming the target of attack by other countries , an activist group said in a statement condemning the deployment as a military performance .
political analysts attributed the high turnout to heated competition between the two leading contenders lee myung bak , the former mayor of seoul , and park geun hye the former gnp chairwoman .
a big night out is not the best idea , but early morning meetings could help you hit the ground running .
this is a little revenge for the fa cup final .
shipping has been banned near the dam since april but is to resume june .
they get more than diseases that resemble human illnesses , and knowing the details of their genetic makeup should help in the search for vaccines and treatments , researchers say .
the bush administration has increased attention to the trafficking problem in recent years as a part of its focus on promoting democracy and human rights as the cornerstone of bush s foreign policy agenda , specifically in the middle east .
two children and an adult have tested positive for the deadly h n bird flu strain in turkey s capital ankara , the city s governor kemal onal has said .
the plight of betancourt , who is a french citizen through an earlier marriage , was further highlighted by her son lorenzo , who unveiled a giant still picture from the recent footage of his mother in front of paris city hall on wednesday .
shahar peer became the first israeli to compete in a wta tour event in the gulf arab region monday , defeating slovenia s andreja klepac to reach the second round in the qatar open .
we will continue to act , to resolve this crisis and restore stability to our markets .
the man , identified only by his last name kim , was earning about million won , a month , until he was indicted in on charges of creating a harmful environment for teenagers by producing materials that showed masturbation and sexual intercourse between strangers .
president elect barack obama and sen . john mccain said monday that americans are looking for leaders who will come together and change the bad habits of washington .
los angeles , california cnn to johnny depp , freedom means simplicity and anonymity .
jack may have been a teenage moonshiner , but he didn t register his business with the federal government until .
the reporter called his shoe throwing a farewell kiss to a dog who launched the invasion of iraq .
illegal trade in african elephant ivory is considered to be a major cause of the continuing decline of elephant populations in africa .
recovery times vary depending on the patient , but because the procedure is less traumatic than traditional surgery , patients do not face strict limitations on their activity following surgery , he says .
with all that in mind , we asked the prince not to go to the games because to do so would represent the tacit endorsement of the worsening human rights situation in tibet , spokesman matt whitticase told cnn .
removing saddam hussein from power was the right decision , and this is a fight america can and must win .
he said the ministry fired the city s police chief in the aftermath of the attack .
the convention centre where parliament meets is one of the most heavily guarded buildings in the country .
president elect barack obama on thursday said congress must take dramatic action on his economic aid package as soon as possible , warning that a failure to do so would have devastating long term consequences for the nation .
south korean presidential candidates began registering on sunday with polls showing that the main opposition grand national party gnp is well placed to win the election scheduled for december th .
after last week s deadly siege at the red mosque in islamabad that pitted radical islamists against pakistan s military government forces , pakistani president gen . pervez musharraf vowed to fight against extremism and terrorism no matter what province .
filled with a multitude of plants , flowers and trees , jungle gardens offers a wilder adventure than most botanical gardens .
more rain in the forecast for oklahoma , where parts of the state got as much as a foot of rain through yesterday .
overseas markets also took it on the chin with at least one market analyst in britain saying the global bank rescue plan is coming too late to give any real relief .
zimbabwe is under international pressure to release the results amid concerns of heightened political tensions
the two planes , which exist only on paper , promise to chop more than a third off current flying times , with transatlantic trips in as little as four hours , compared to six or seven now .
on monday the military warned about threats to the secular constitution .
he said the government will step up spending on rural primary and middle schools by percent to billion .
twelve thousand us troops will be leaving iraq from now through the end of the summer .
he said the three short range surface to surface missiles fired off the eastern coast last week were believed to be an upgraded version of the frog or frog with a range of to kilometers .
police are planning to seek arrest warrants for kim and his son as early as today , after searching the premises and securing additional material evidence .
jinzhu was sent back to china in , with experts arguing the panda was either a hermaphrodite or had undeveloped sexual organs .
possessing the weapon would be useless for iran whose leader has called for israel to be wiped off the map as using it would mean an instant counterattack .
who will become the first educators to fly to space and then return to the classroom .
johannesburg , south africa cnn south africa s police chief said monday that violence directed at foreign nationals had killed people over the past week .
the sources said on monday that the photos show that the chinese division , which in september moved from the interior to the border area close to north korea , was in the process of building winter barracks .
debate watchers also thought obama more clearly expressed his views by a to ratio , percent to percent .
goalkeeper edwin van der sar made a string of saves , especially in the second half , but was not often seriously tested .
rocker bruce springsteen has endorsed barack obama for president .
cnn twenty four taliban fighters were killed during a seven hour battle with afghan and coalition forces at nightfall wednesday in southern afghanistan , the u . s . led coalition command said thursday .
smith was buried in the bahamas march next to the grave of her son , daniel , who died in september , shortly after the birth of her daughter , dannielynn .
toy creators , also known as commercial and industrial designers , get the best of both worlds
the boards of unicredit and capitalia approved their banks planned merger , a deal that will create europe s second largest bank , the banks said in a joint statement .
by studying mri brain scans of people newly in love , scientists are learning a lot about the science of love
prosecutors said year old vadim tikhonov killed the woman who cut his hair in a siberian barber shop when she tried to stop him from walking out without paying after complaining that rubles . was too much .
even if the method described by scientists wednesday works in humans , it would demand too much of a precious resource women s unfertilized eggs .
the president has long faced domestic criticism that he was failing to improve the worsening economy , and has needlessly worsened the nuclear standoff with the west with his inflammatory speeches .
local human rights activists have accused the government of bending malawi s strict adoption laws because of madonna s celebrity status .
the united states , which along with australia refused to sign the kyoto protocol , said ahead of the bali talks that it was eager to launch negotiations , but has been among industrialized nations leading a campaign against mandatory emission cuts .
four u . s . soldiers and an iraqi soldier were killed in the attack outside mahmoudiya .
we are not willing to see damage done to relations between the two countries , but this event will certainly cast a shadow over the relations , the official china daily newspaper said in an unsigned editorial .
atlanta , georgia cnn an outbreak of salmonella food poisoning first linked to uncooked tomatoes has now been reported in nine states , u . s . health officials said tuesday .
most car rental companies are self insured and simply getting a free ride from consumers .
she has yet to hear back , soriano said this week .
crisis ever through a raft of controversial policies .
in what lawyers believe was a clerical error worthy of a looney tunes cartoon , a court in naples sent a summons to the characters ordering them to appear friday in a trial in the southern italian city , officials said .
asteroid to be harmless fireball over earth
in the eastern city of khost , police acting on a tip tried to stop a suspicious man , provincial police chief gen . mohammad ayub said .
bush meets with senior iraqi officials and top u . s . officers in iraq today .
spitzer , an ally of hillary clinton and a rising star within the democratic party who made his name as a corporate crime busting district attorney , announced his resignation wednesday after reports of his connection to the emperors club vip prostitute ring emerged .
an israeli statement issued after livni s meeting with fayyad said the discussion dealt primarily with the situation in the palestinian authority pa and the ways of improving the lives of the residents in the territories while preserving israeli security interests .
one other south korean sailor is missing and a north korean boat is also believed destroyed in the minute exchange of gunfire .
the government seems to be targeting students , apparently fearing some might mount pro tibet demonstrations during the games .
voter turnout stood at a record low of percent .
police said the attacker , a year old bulgarian man , had previous convictions for sexual abuse .
kurt warner threw four td passes in arizona s win over the eagles in the nfc championship .
he noticed an unusual number of security personnel ringing the building .
the document does not contain specifics about the contentious issues dividing the israelis and palestinians , bush said .
about , troops fanned out across the volatile region sunday to search for the missing members of the u . s . led military patrol .
millions of pounds of steam are pumped beneath the streets of new york , heating and cooling thousands of buildings .
under the law , sex offenders will have to let the state parole board know about their access to computers .
a u . s . delegation arrives in beijing on tuesday on a five day fact finding mission on food and drug safety amid a series of health scares about the made in china label .
i think the army will be able to make an announcement later this spring , petraeus told cnn . we have had discussions about that , and some time around the time of the testimony , i think that the army can lay out tour lengths that will be back to what was normal .
the judge ordered these four men held , out the total of jailed suspects who are from south asia . they include nine pakistani nationals and a man from india , who is muslim .
it is expected to begin presenting its case on monday .
the bangladesh red crescent chairman has said the death toll could reach , .
landslides triggered by heavy rains on the indonesian island of java have killed scores of people , with at least feared dead , a search and rescue official told cnn wednesday .
in the past week , the snowstorms have hit the provinces in central , eastern and southern china places that are used to mild winters , not extreme wintry blasts .
in cool and windy conditions for the th new york marathon , radcliffe led from start to finish to join nine time winner grete waitz as the only woman to capture the race more than twice .
hamas leaders vow revenge , including suicide attacks inside israel for today s airstrikes .
the reprogramming was a tricky task and took him a month .
the finding is significant because lightning affects atmospheric chemistry , so scientists will have to take it into account as they try to understand the atmosphere and climate of venus , he said .
federer fought back in the second , but still succumbed within minutes , and then saw nadal race through the third set in less than half an hour to clinch a historic victory .
he was called in shortly after that for police questioning and accused of failing to pay millions of dollars in taxes .
for example , a layer of clothes , then a layer of electronics , then a layer of toiletries
hair also can more easily be cleaned of contaminants such as bacteria .
the point of all this , says the cbpd , is to show you can improve quality of life in the workplace while reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
five people have been confirmed dead and eight missing in the disaster , but officials say those figures may rise .
the shuttle delivers components of the space station to be installed
victory over the group d favorite at the tivoli neu stadium would not be the first time a team coached by hiddink has caused an upset against spain .
fallon , a year veteran of the navy , took over as chief of central command in early .
another official said by telephone it was not a major offensive and the number of troops is not in the tens of thousands . he also said the turkish troops went into a remote , mountainous area .
the redmond based software maker said the decision to stop selling hd dvd players won t have a material impact on its video game business .
at least people died in the violence and scores were hurt .
the top us envoy to north korea has held a rare meeting with the country s foreign minister on nuclear issues .
saudi arabia , opec s no . producer and most influential member in the nation group , was the wild card .
the unceremonious move immediately sent shockwaves through the political arena because the seat of nts head , which is on equal footing with vice minister , is usually not replaced before a cabinet shakeup is completed .
in his own charmingly egocentric way , alex raised in a zoo and performing as a lion surrounded by the real thing at an african water hole
the chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by .
the times of india said members of the indian lower house , known as the lok sabha , stood for a minute s silence after hearing the news before adjourning business for the day as a mark of respect .
a colleague once said to me , i can tell more about a person by the questions they ask than by what they tell me , says edith onderick harvey , president of change dynamics consulting , an executive consulting firm .
of the long distance trains , operator tgv reported that out of were running thursday , compared to the day before .
a study by nielsen netratings showed that just over percent of china s more than one billion people in addition to a threat against its embassy in yemen , the united states has received information about possible threats to other u . s . embassies in the persian gulf .
north korea s chief nuclear envoy embarked on a rare trip to the united states on tuesday while south korea sent a top official to pyongyang to persuade the north to quickly start scrapping its nuclear arms program .
steven sueppel , who had been charged with embezzlement , was missing after his family s bodies were discovered monday morning .
the year old tenor , who underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer last year , was brought to modena s polyclinic on wednesday and was being kept under observation .
obama garnered percent of registered democrats , while clinton trailed by just percentage points .
cnn romanian authorities plan to decide friday whether to allow an year old girl to have an abortion after she was raped by her teenage uncle , the romanian ministry of health said thursday . the girl is now weeks pregnant
the state has to interfere , said sanal edamaruku , founder and president of rationalist international and the indian rationalist association .
it could be , if you re wearing an m dress
the government needs to deliberate on it and if it wants to use force , then it will jeopardize the lives of the hostages and the taliban will resist till the last gasp of their breath , he added .
north korea is holding mass celebrations for the th anniversary of the ruling workers party .
most diplomatic analysts here agreed that the two communist allies would have in depth consultations on ways to defuse the month long tension , and on china s much needed economic assistance to the impoverished north .
in two years , south africa will hosting the world cup finals with , visitors expected .
sen . hillary clinton on wednesday argued that she is the only presidential candidate capable of ending the war in iraq .
the group was arrested last week as they tried to put children on a plane to france .
while the australian scientists have only managed to grow a mouse s thymus so far , they believe a human thymus could be produced from stem cells in three to five years .
washington observers , however , say that is highly unlikely .
in pakistan , opposition leader benazir bhutto was given a seven day detention order hours before she was due to lead a march from lahore to the capital .
desperate for money for music lessons ?
the typhoon washed away , houses , damaged , houses and destroyed about , acres of crops , lowry said .
five students and a coach from d . s . senanayake college , a prestigious grade school in colombo , were killed .
the armistice ending the great war came into effect at the th hour of the th day of the th month , and the day has since been used to remember all war dead .
the blue house announced yesterday that it had traced the source of leaks of sensitive papers that dealt with u . s .
the city s reputation for violence and the difficulties that arise from not speaking portuguese make it even more important that tourists get some guidance about how to jump in .
except we re not talking about humans here , but rather birds a juvenile nazca booby a few feet away from me on an island in the galapagos that is home to more than half a million birds .
the head negotiators from south korea , japan and the united states on the north korean nuclear issue met in seoul saturday , and again urged pyeongyang to return to the six party talks without preconditions .
state house has agreed to sell an seat jet valued at . million that s used by governor haley barbour and other officials .
correspondents have described a scene of chaos at the site of the attack near the supreme court , with ambulances rushing to the scene .
the bill marks a huge increase from the bn authorised during the first five years of an initiative launched by president bush in .
the church volunteers women and five men were seized on the main road south from kabul last week .
he s been playing well all year and he was excited to be playing on the clay and really had a good frame of mind in practice and in his matches .
lawyer vehbi kahveci , head of the intellectual and industrial property rights commission of the istanbul bar , told hurriyet daily news . com that the batman name was registered worldwide .
huckabee , who doesn t have the funds and organization of his chief rival , is relying on the passion among evangelicals and the coalitions who support him to push him ahead thursday .
kuwait , qatar and the united arab emirates also agreed to donate million each to the fund , prince saud al faisal , saudi arabia s foreign minister , said sunday .
the group said it will continue a signature campaign against the transition of wartime operational control and north korea s nuclear program .
turkey has said in recent weeks that time is slipping away and it will make the moves it sees fit to deal with the guerrillas if iraq and the united states fail to quell their activities .
with football players aboard .
i m struggling to get the confidence back .
the ap s steve gramm is in islamabad
south korea and the united states agree that north korea must not be allowed to have nuclear weapons , but their approaches differ .
venus williams stayed on course for a fourth wimbledon crown when she breathtakingly demolished second seed maria sharapova in a brutal fourth round victory .
delphi won a multiyear purchase contract in november to build satellite capable audio systems for general motors corp .
this is the first u . s . visit by kim , north korea s top nuclear negotiator , since the international standoff over the north s nuclear ambitions flared in late .
leonard is more like a hub he isn t sketched in
hundreds of species could be lost as a result of our own actions , a frightening sign of what is happening to the ecosystems where they live , julia marton lefevre , iucn s director general , said in prepared statement .
a nine year old girl who was reported missing days ago has been found dead just meters from her home on jeju island , while a man with a long criminal record confessed to the murder .
japan is representing . i think i see a few americans as well , of course i m talking about the seat fillers , degeneres said . no one can fill a seat like an american .
and yet another said the united states cannot afford to risk the future of the free world with inexperience and immaturity in the white house , said gore . who were they talking about ?
he said two pakistani nationals from the punjab province and one arab were among the dead .
polls give the democrat a narrow lead in the state that decided the outcome four years ago , but he s telling supporters , take nothing for granted .
those arrested are suspected of forming salafi jihad terrorist cells which were recruiting suicide bombers and sending them to iraq and afghanistan , said col . mario parente , deputy commander of the carabinieri special forces unit .
the militia , identified as the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta , later indicated it was willing to release the hostages in exchange for the freeing of asari , the leader of the illegal niger delta people s volunteer force .
what he miscalculated on is mccain and romney and huckabee all come with some momentum into florida because they won other states , and rudy doesn t have momentum , he said .
why should he choose another country ?
specialist charles graner and sergeant javal davis appeared before a military judge in baghdad .
the organization has attracted high profile support from a wide range of celebrities , including brad pitt and matt damon .
the israeli daily , haaretz , reported the power plant received a full supply of fuel sunday .
weather conditions were good for the flight , officials said .
the bloody breakup of former yugoslavia the worst carnage in europe since world war ii started when the serb led yugoslav army tried to prevent separatists in slovenia , croatia , bosnia and kosovo from seceding from the former federation .
photos released by the chilean navy showed the ship lying nearly on its side surrounded by floating blocks of ice .
pakistan has an estimated , lawyers .
musharraf has named lt . gen . ashfaq kiyani a former head of pakistan s inter services intelligence agency to take his place as military chief .
the affiliate , renamed ge real estate gere purchased six buildings in affluent business districts in seoul .
the lawyer erica kim said a box weighing more than kilograms contains concrete evidence that the former seoul mayor played a role in a stock manipulation and money laundering case masterminded by her brother in .
i don t believe in power sharing with musharraf he is a dictator , we are democrats , sharif said thursday , shortly after the pakistani court s ruling .
the vietnamese government provided the rest of the funding .
there were cheers each time beckham touched the ball , the highlight being a corner kick he took in stoppage time .
both credit suisse and bank of america have mapped out how the fha could gather up more shaky home loans and rep .
my family , by any imagination , is not a family which believes in killing people , assassinating , intriguing . and that is all there i want to say .
it is a tactic from years ago .
japan s government would respond to the resolution at a press conference later on monday , a spokesperson for the japanese embassy in washington told the associated press news agency .
darrell roberson came home from a card game late one night to find his wife rolling around with another man in a pickup truck in the driveway .
right now , it can take as long as days to identify the most common of food contaminants , so the food and drug administration is sounding the alarm for a faster test .
more than monks have marched in central burma , the first time they have returned to the streets since last month s bloody crackdown on protests .
during the next two days , an estimated . million pilgrims will move out of mecca to mount arafat for tuesday s climax of symbolically stoning the devil .
another phase of the o . j .
for days through december . , williams kept hubble trained on a narrow stretch of sky near the handle of the big dipper that is uncluttered by nearby objects .
the walk back will take about hours , leaving plenty of time for swimming , sunbathing and lots of photography along the way .
it s difficult for both older men and young men to make sexual intercourse last much longer , said marianne brandon , a clinical psychologist and director of wellminds wellbodies in annapolis , maryland .
eddie bloomberg is staying at a shelter in santa barbara , but is still amazed at how quickly the wind has been spreading the fire
stephen hawking , condemned the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
we had no structural damage here at the buccaneer whatsoever , and i ve spoken to probably , at this point in time , employees from all parts of the island .
lady annabel goldsmith , testifying at the british inquest into the couple s deaths , said diana had remarked that she needed another marriage like a rash on my face .
obama also was looking for a win in the hawaii democratic caucuses , the state where the illinois senator was born and still has family .
the first wave of refugees , which left damascus on tuesday , is expected to arrive in baghdad on wednesday , iraqi government spokesman ali al dabbagh said .
texas also held democratic caucuses tuesday , but it was too close to declare a winner .
yet we can have confidence in the outcome because we ve seen freedom s power to transform societies .
chief justice rehnquist , president carter , president bush , president clinton , distinguished guests and my fellow citizens , the peaceful transfer of authority is rare in history , yet common in our country .
another three suspected militants blew themselves up during the police manhunt .
the dow is down points .
you cannot have sustainable markets and trade without investing in human potential .
beijing , china cnn china is planning a major cleanup operation for mount everest next year and may limit the number of climbers and other visitors , tibet s environmental protection chief was quoted as saying monday .
humbertson , wherever you are , you are the winner of miss belvedere , the rusty plymouth hauled from its leaky vault last week after being buried for a half century .
using brain scans , researchers at stony brook university in new york have discovered a small number of couples respond with as much passion after years together as most people only do during the early throes of romance , britain s sunday times newspaper reported .
popped up in more news articles and blogs than her peers .
some german media reports say klatten is one of four rich german women who have been preyed on by the same gang .
something childs found out firsthand while moving the spider .
the farm groups said they would go to congress , the catholic church and the supreme court to resolve the crisis , which has presented a formidable challenge to president cristina fernandez de kirchner s government since the tax was imposed march .
mccain and his running mate , alaska gov . sarah palin , have visited pennsylvania times in days .
teams from the two koreas , china , japan , russia and the us have been taking part in the beijing talks .
bush was clearly delighted by the attention and plunged back into the crowd for more hand shaking and to be kissed on the cheek .
the foundation also provides access to lower priced aids drugs in countries .
this year , the globes leading nominee is atonement , the period drama based on the ian mcewan novel about a shattered love affair .
even clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has suggested that if she does not win in ohio and texas , her campaign would face a dramatically difficult challenge overtaking obama .
gore said the planet had a fever that had to be taken seriously .
there were no injuries reported and no homes destroyed in the fire , but as it spread , some homes were threatened , causing the mandatory evacuation orders for about houses . city manager elaine aguilar said a gardening shed was destroyed .
karen haas wanted to know what had been done to prevent tampering .
their findings were published friday in the journal nature .
the web site then narrowed the list , recruiting the polling firm e poll market research to get awareness scores for the children and consumer appeal rankings for their celebrity parents .
the internet company , based in sunnyvale , california , also said it has told china that it condemns punishment of any activity internationally recognized as free expression .
by a razor thin margin , quebec has voted to remain a part of canada .
the recession is creating less and less demand for crude .
beginning in , he began to kill with particular cruelty , hitting his intoxicated victims multiple times in the head with a hammer , then sticking an unfinished bottle of vodka into their shattered skulls , prosecutors said .
no matter who wins the white house , it seems most voters are prepared to pay more in taxes .
with flooding from two weeks of rains finally receding in northern india , monsoon storms moved west .
at least of the coal mine s local managers as well as a british citizen who was inspecting the monitoring system are believed to be among the dead .
recent intelligence reports from washington suggest pyongyang may conduct another nuclear test in protest against the united nations security council resolution passed after its first test on oct .
thanks to better weather , california firefighters are making progress on major wildfires still burning around los angeles .
bashir has also stalled efforts to increase international peacekeeping troops in the region .
in their joint statement , the two leaders welcomed china s role in hosting a three way meeting last month that included the north and the united states .
a state of emergency allows the government to divert money allocated for other programs to the floods . the government also said it hopes the declaration will spur international help .
but the queen won t be giving charles the present many believe he craves most
federal investigators say the typical nursing home was cited for seven health and safety deficiencies last year , the most common problem centering on quality of care , including appropriate treatment for bed sores .
if proven a success , their electoral tie up would speed up the formation of the envisioned party though the uri will face the small parties desires for greater roles in their alliance .
that s not the right stuff as far as i m concerned , said bart gordon , d tennessee .
it closed at , . monday .
but the real shock came when he chose year old politburo hardliner machado ventura as vice president according to correspondents in havana .
zardari is studying history at christ church college and has three more years of his course to run .
the senator from massachusetts made the announcement in front of an enthusiastic crowd in charleston , south carolina , days ahead of the state s democratic primary .
the pakistan air force said in a statement that the jet broke the sound barrier as it was shifting from an altitude of , to , feet , , meters .
so when the bush administration presented evidence to north korean leaders that their country was developing nuclear weapons , it expected the regime to lie about it .
legendary singer joan baez says she s finally happy
tokyo is bracing itself for a deadly storm that has killed three people and forced thousands from their homes .
sequence was in use before my original post , and i ve never run into anyone who actually claims to have invented it before i did , fahlman wrote on the university s web page dedicated to the smiley face .
the customer recognized a female with kid rock s party and exchanged words with her , parish said .
sen . barack obama slammed president bush on friday for launching exactly the kind of appalling attack that s divided our country and that alienates us from the world .
as long as people have faith and belief in our party platforms , there will be a way out .
former portuguese prime minister jose manuel barroso was elected president of the european commission on thursday by a european parliament vote of to , with abstentions .
credit card company , is facing bankruptcy as lg electronics and lg chemical on wednesday rejected a demand from creditor banks to rescue the debt strapped card issuer . amid growing speculation that other lg affiliates , such as lg engineering construction and lg petrochemical , will also refuse to accept the proposal , market observers say the creditors are not likely to take lenient steps to save the troubled card firm .
some dutch historians and politicians have called for an independent inquiry and urged klm to come clean about its past .
most analysts believe microsoft will do whatever it takes to buy yahoo .
health officials cannot explain the spike in cases this summer , except that weather plays a factor .
but at least one third of voters remain undecided ahead of sunday s first round .
he was referring to the april deadline for north korea to shut down its key nuclear reactor in exchange for energy under a six nation accord in beijing on feb .
about youths from a predominantly pro fretilin refugee camp near the international airport threw rocks at police on tuesday , according to a reporter for the french news agency afp .
no injuries were reported , evanson said , and the company said guests ate breakfast while the coast guard readied their departure .
the candidate , abdullah gul , earlier said he would not quit despite growing criticism from opponents and the army .
everything they do is done with integrity , to preserve the past , said mearns , who is also former director of the international spa association .
she was arrested by pusan kangso police and booked without detention on charges of violating the aviation safety law .
the law , passed by parliament in march , calls for a fine of turkish lira for people who light up in smoke free areas .
consumer confidence index at all time low
helped prevent alzheimer s and other forms of dementia .
he faces title defences here and in rome before the french open after winning his fourth straight title in monte carlo against federer last
more than , people have been evacuated from southern china as typhoon chanchu surges towards the guangdong province .
the bomb struck a convoy carrying sheik abdul sattar abu reesha and his security detail , a ramadi police official and an interior ministry official said .
austria s nicole hosp , the world cup champion in and currently sixth overall , hurt her knee when she fell ahead of sunday s action on the crveni spust course .
at some point the world community needs to come together and draft some new convention or treaty , said paul dempsey , director of the institute of air and space law and mcgill university in montreal . it is an open wound that needs to be healed .
organizers in chicago and los angeles urged marchers to carry u . s . flags instead of or in addition to the flags of their home countries .
with more than half of the , precincts reporting , lugo , backed by the patriotic alliance for change , claimed percent of the votes , according to the preliminary results reported by the government s election department .
he said no more people are trapped .
three korean executives and nine other foreign workers were kidnapped by armed insurgents at a construction site in southern nigeria early thursday in local time , the ministry of foreign affairs and trade announced .
karachi , pakistan cnn two explosions killed at least people and injured at least thursday night near a motorcade carrying former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who returned to the country earlier in the day after eight years of self imposed exile , police sources told cnn .
lee pledged to work for a nuclear free korean peninsula and strengthen seoul s alliance with the united states . the most important thing is for north korea to get rid of its nuclear weapons , he said , ap reported .
more importantly , i have done so because i feel so strongly that they are innocent victims of a heinous crime that i am prepared to forego my career in government service to assist them .
in five days of blazes , the destruction is so extensive authorities say they have no way of knowing how many acres have burned and how many people have been injured .
united nations cnn myanmar s foreign minister u nyan win on monday blamed intense pro democracy demonstrations in his country on political opportunists and declared that normalcy has now returned to myanmar .
new york post theater columnist michael riedel said his sources close to the talks told him national negotiators were close to reaching a deal , but local union leaders objected .
pope benedict says he wants to inspire hope in the world .
julio grondona , head of the argentine fa , had led the search for a successor to alfio basile who quit after a qualifying defeat to chile that left the nation in third place after matches , seven points adrift of leaders paraguay .
i ve traveled with senator clinton and uh , to a lot of places in the world , uh , i think she is extremely knowledgeable on the issues , i think it s a good team and i think it s a very wise choice .
the dichotomy between urban and rural areas is further exacerbated by the divide between rich and poor .
juan cayupi , a volcanologist investigating the earthquake for the government , said it triggered several landslides from neighboring hills into the sea , causing the level of water to rise steeply , violently , in the form of huge waves .
yesterday was my birthday .
voters in east timor choose a new president on monday , hoping the election can help end deep divisions after a year of instability in one of the world s youngest and poorest nations .
the finance ministry said it would begin to change those rules next year .
farc is the spanish acronym for the revolutionary armed forces of colombia . the marxist group has been trying for some years to overthrow the colombian government and is estimated to be holding hostages in the jungles of colombian .
the men were convicted of the february holdup of the securitas ab cash depot in tonbridge , kent , about miles southeast of london .
it probably occurred between wednesday evening and thursday morning .
until that hearing , katanga is considered only a suspect of the crimes and is not even formally accused , said sonia robla , a spokeswoman for the icc .
their mother was believed to have been visiting them on monday . a teenage japanese boy has been arrested after walking into a police station carrying a severed human head and claiming to have killed his mother .
but april has already been the deadliest for british troops in iraq since the first month of the war and there are fears harry s presence could put troops alongside him in more danger .
our solar system was formed about . billion years ago .
i m grateful to my husband , william and harry for supporting my decision .
carefully focused pools of light illuminate stone pharaohs , gold and carnelian jewels and objects intended for the afterlife in darkened galleries looking at themes including the family life , religion , court and gold of the rulers .
the amateur night marks its th anniversary tonight in new york .
on april , the students detained nine professors for about hours on a stairway of a school building , calling for the university to grant students in the college of health science the right to vote in the students union .
he described the day s meeting as very good and comprehensive discussions . eight plus hours of talks .
cnn power returned slowly to venezuela on tuesday night , a few hours after widespread outages blacked out nearly half the country , trapping people in elevators , stalling subways , filling streets with pedestrians and forcing hospitals to switch to emergency generators .
that order , also by gordon , provided no details and did not name any drugs .
the training of iraqi police officers will begin on april and the coalition provisional authority of iraq will reportedly pay for the expenses of the training by korean bodyguards ,
their bodies were found in ghazni province .
beijing invited about two dozen international journalists to tour tibet s capital , lhasa , to show them the city is calm after recent anti china protests .
south korea combined forces command assured korean lawmakers yesterday that the united states is not planning a pre emptive strike on north korea s nuclear facilities , according to a lawmaker who was present .
the first fire has destroyed several structures , including about mobile homes in the lopez canyon area , said los angeles county fire inspector sam padilla .
jan vertefeuille , a representative of the world wildlife fund wwf , said other popular western drugs have not had an impact on traditional chinese medicines .
i think it validated that i was meant to be a mother because every day i dealt with the character as a mother and thinking as a mother , berry said .
amid international pressure following september s bloody crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations , myanmar s ruling junta named deputy minister of labor aung kyi as its liaison officer with the detained nobel laureate .
judge juliana kalichszteim issued the injunction in response to a lawsuit by the jewish federation of rio de janeiro , which asked for the float be removed from this city s famed carnival parade next week , said lara voges , a spokeswoman for the judge .
world food production is also feeling the heat as yields of wheat , maize and barley had dwindled in recent months .
the hormones for medical reasons that he did not specify .
secularists fear that if gul becomes president , the islamic rooted ruling party could challenge the country s secular system unchecked .
potentially , in the states , soccer could be as big as it is everywhere else around the world . and i m proud to be a part of that , beckham said . and i m going to be a part of that for the next five years and maybe for a few more years later . watch as beckham becomes an american soccer player raquo
and when false rumors began circulating that he did not say the pledge of allegiance .
australia s top investment bank macquarie bank gained percent , japan s top lender mitsubishi ufj added . percent , south korea s top lender kookmin bank climbed percent and singapore s dbs group , southeast asia s biggest bank , put on . percent .
i want to say a special word about my republican colleagues , who serve with dignity , decency and a deep sense of patriotism .
the hurricane center says new england and canada s maritime provinces could see up to inches of rain .
we do have people uh , trapped in uh , four or five feet of swift moving water .
earlier , south korean ambassador to japan ra jong il voiced opposition to japan s bid for the unsc .
investigators believe lo piccolo could have emerged from a power struggle as the mafia s new chief after authorities captured bernardo provenzano , the reputed no . of the cosa nostra crime syndicate , on a farm near corleone in april .
the woman , , suffered leg and hand injuries in the attack late wednesday in an outback creek where the couple were swimming , northern territory police spokesman david wright said .
a lebanese security source told the israeli newspaper , haaretz , that suspected palestinian gunmen carried out the attack .
deaths are rare during such hijackings . the chemical tanker was anchored in somali waters and carrying up to , tons of highly explosive benzene .
so l had an extended family and a support base that was very , very helpful to me .
but , he said , st . augustine s contribution to american history should be celebrated and believes it will get more notice with the growing hispanic population of this country and the upcoming th anniversary in .
the authorities also said investigators would use interrogation rooms with video recorders during questioning of victims in police stations .
we have seen a good game , both sides created their chances and it could have gone either way , said bayern coach ottmar hitzfeld .
it s about hours from los angeles to brisbane .
demonstrators have occupied thailand s government house since august , forcing lawmakers to meet elsewhere .
the video shows only girls doing the beating judd said the boys acted as lookouts .
security cameras captured video images of three men entering the museum but little else , and the images are of poor quality , he said .
two supporters of bush s iraq policy republican sens . john mccain of arizona and lindsey graham of south carolina did not vote .
the unit set was functioning normally tuesday , said cbs spokesperson susan marks .
she think i doctor , mohammed recalled of his visit to jessica .
heads of the foreign ministry , the national intelligence service , and the national security council , are facing pressure to take responsibility for the bungled handling of the kim case .
joachim von braun , the director of the washington based research group , said food prices have been in a declining trend since scientists began developing high yield plant varieties decades ago , but the days of falling food prices may be over .
this holiday season , it seems high brow concepts are better off making their commercial debut in low tech gadgets .
however , some analysts believe his own negative image may be driving nationalist support .
israel s been put on a war footing , an indication of a lengthy operation .
the obama team s detailed reports on staff conversations with the office of illinois governor rod blagojevich .
sk telecom official yang yoon seon said under the envisioned mobile services , search results will cover the full fixed line web on top of wireless search specific network .
both companies plan to meet thursday for talks on the ongoing gas dispute .
there have been warnings by commanders of the nato led international security assistance force in afghanistan that taliban guerrillas may mount a spring offensive from their winter safe havens in neighboring pakistan .
prosecutors said during a trial at a seoul court that they requested the heavy sentence for song , professor of muenster university in germany , accusing him of violating the anti communist national security law .
the diamond mountain tourism project began in and has drawn . million guests as the only part of north korea that can be easily visited by foreign tourists .
when melanoma is caught in its earliest stages and removed , it is highly curable .
a hiker found the wreckage in california s sierra nevada , some miles from where the famed adventurer took off months ago .
during the four hour surgery , a team of physicians removed the fluid with a probe then they opened his chest
even after hearing the minister s comments , one laptop per child kept talking to indian officials , companies and non governmental agencies .
karak and bannu are about miles km south of peshawar near pakistan s border with afghanistan .
tokyo has not been hit by a major quake since , when , people died in the great kanto earthquake .
one home was destroyed and another was heavily damaged .
the case is the th in the united states in which a person was convicted , then exonerated based on dna evidence , the group says .
there was always this hope that china would pick up the slack for the u . s . , but if china is seeing a slowdown , that could bash those hopes , singapore based investment analyst nicole sze of bank julius baer co . , which manages about billion in assets , told the associated press .
police are searching for the two who remain on the run .
no more using the military s computer system to socialize and trade videos on myspace , youtube and nine other web sites , the pentagon says .
dorzee described the photographers who chased
london , england cnn a british museum has canceled a lecture by dr . james watson , co discoverer of the dna double helix , after he claimed black people are less intelligent than whites in a recent newspaper interview .
ma ying jeou said he would like to work towards a peace treaty with beijing , but would only do so if china removed missiles pointed at taiwan .
oh yeah , anything in the whole world , thank you so much , thank you so much , i wanted this so much .
many astronomers believe mars used to have quantities of liquid water on its surface , but they have never agreed on where the water went .
i just don t understand why kids would do a stupid thing like that , said rochelle hoins of castle rock , colorado , where students in her twin sons middle school sent around nude pictures of themselves last year .
a recent korea trade investment promotion agency kotra survey of foreigners working in investment firms shows that . percent of the respondents are satisfied with the overall local business environment , up percent from last year .
and if you re really concerned , just wait to rent the movie .
diplomatic sources in the capital abuja said initial reports suggested the child has a british father and nigerian mother , although this was not confirmed .
a most spokesman said the unidentified korean scientists separated . grams of uranium four years ago in the middle of nuclear fuel research .
he was later released from prison .
not sure if the pre game show has started yet , but let s fast forward to half time at the super bowl
. air travel isn t as bad as they say . it s probably worse .
seoul , south korea cnn a north korean soldier defected across the demilitarized zone and sought asylum in south korea on sunday , according to a south korean defense ministry spokesman .
another were staffers at the hospital in the city of kumamoto .
great lessons , commandments to strugglers , the patient and holy warriors .
poor construction standards have been blamed for previous building collapses , especially during earthquakes , which are common in turkey because it lies on a geological fault .
if the us and its allies want to use force , we will pursue our own path .
they also kill legitimate hopes and aspirations of the palestinian people , he said .
but hu s hour stopover comes amid growing criticism over rising chinese domination in africa , its interest free , no strings attached loans and its support of regimes with poor human rights records , such as sudan and zimbabwe .
a suspect in the failed terror attack on scotland s busiest airport was unlikely to survive his severe burn injuries , a doctor who treated him said tuesday .
in kenya , obama s extended family danced in his ancestral village of kogelo , chanting , barack obama , barack obama is going to the white house .
north korea s missile capability is fairly rudimentary , us vice president dick cheney has said .
he said china needs to use its influence with myanmar s leaders to continue pushing for suu kyi s release .
pick a seat near the front , since ventilation systems on most commercial aircraft provide better air flow in the front of the aircraft , gendreau advised .
a match between last year s finalist , fernando gonzalez of chile , and greece s konstantinos economidis was stopped for five minutes while police ejected the spectators , tournament officials and police said .
stephen hawking , condemned the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
cape town , south africa cnn
no more financing of amnesty international after the organization s pro abortion about turn , said a statement from the roman catholic church s pontifical council for justice and peace .
about . billion people smoke globally , making tobacco the major avoidable cause of death and disease worldwide , the report found .
agriculture department conducted advanced tests on brain samples from the estimated year old cow and confirmed a case of mad cow disease .
a volvo ocean race spokesman told cnn that the course had been changed to help dodge the piracy threat .
a british teacher convicted of insulting religion in sudan by allowing her students to name a teddy bear mohammed has left khartoum on a flight home , the british foreign office said monday .
and that people would be able to check in remotely using a cell phone embedded with a rfid radio frequency identification chip .
from kindergarten children to people s army troops , hatred toward americans is part of life in the impoverished , stalinist state that gets much of its international aid from the country it despises .
samsung has annual sales of nearly billion , accounting for percent of south korea s economic output .
drizzle had delayed the start of the match for nearly two hours and there was rain in the air for much of a one sided contest against a player making his wimbledon debut .
the galactic center harbors the closest supermassive black hole known .
president roh , however , said in a meeting with south korean journalists that kim showed skepticism over his country s market opening and economic reform .
interpol s secretary general ronald noble received a resignation letter on sunday from jackie selebi , who is facing charges of corruption related to his role as police commissioner , the agency said .
the district hospital in bannu reported that at least seven of the injured were in critical condition .
after taking about minutes to get loose on the sideline , he entered as a substitute for alan gordon , who slapped hands with the english superstar before beckham took the field for the first time . i m not fit . i haven t trained since i got here , he said . but it s nice to be out there .
washington cnn vice president dick cheney will serve as acting president briefly saturday while president bush is anesthetized for a routine colonoscopy , white house spokesman tony snow said friday .
slumdog millionaire was one of the big winners at last night s screen actors guild awards in los angeles .
chung s lawyers asked the judge to hand down a suspended jail term , saying the chairman deserves a lenient penalty considering his contribution to the growth of korea s car industry and his role in the automobile group .
the u . s . is giving israel advanced early warning radar .
license plates on the truck at the hotel matched those on a black dodge pick up registered to laurean , onslow county authorities said .
g leaders said they would meet again by the end of april to review the progress on the initiatives announced saturday .
elizabeth edwards first underwent treatment for breast cancer after the campaign in which her husband was the democratic vice presidential nominee .
it estimates that , children and women in the philippines , , in india , , in taiwan , , in thailand are subject to commercial sexual exploitation in the region .
the truth and reconciliation commission , a government fact finding body researching political oppression by past authoritarian governments , revealed the names of judges who gave guilty verdicts in , cases to civilians who violated presidential emergency decrees under the yushin constitution in the s .
the northern iraqi city lies in salaheddin province , one of four provinces where coalition forces have beefed up operations against sunni militants .
some square kilometers square miles of amazon was destroyed last month , compared to square kilometers square miles in august .
peta president ingrid newkirk said in a statement , we applaud the folks at city crab and seafood for their compassionate decision to allow this noble old timer to live out his days in freedom and peace .
after graduating from the university of california , berkeley , in , nelson was signed to mgm after being spotted by a talent scout .
clinton s win won t do much to cut into obama s lead west virginia had just delegates at stake . those delegates will be awarded proportionately .
millions of people around southern california got a sunday night jolt when a magnitude . quake rolled through the area .
we know this started as a domestic dispute
the defense closed yesterday by arguing simpson was the target of people with ulterior motives and police out to get him .
president of south korea and china called on north korea to return to the six party talks .
taiwan president chen shui bian has urged the chinese government to open talks with his administration .
gates will ask for billion for force protection , including billion for , more mrap vehicles on top of the , mraps already funded or requested .
the bodies of fishermen were found along honduras miskito coast , believed to be from a group of nicaraguan miskito indians who sought refuge in canoes when felix hit , according to the associated press .
the united nations asked for million for uganda , where people have died .
the u . s . military statement said all of those killed were from task force lightning , the force that patrols northern stretches of iraq , including diyala .
two owners of the mine fled after the accident , xinhua said .
as of today , we re committed to building vehicles here for export , lasorda said at a signing ceremony conducted at a chinese government guesthouse . we will combine chrysler s research and technology and global reach with chery s lean manufacturing .
also thursday , a rocket propelled grenade struck a u . s . military vehicle in northern baghdad , killing a soldier and wounding three others .
in this case , jalal talabani , the kurdish president and tariq al hashimi , the sunni vice president , are unwilling to sign an execution order .
which turns into a nightclub with friends to celebrate liverpool s victory against newcastle .
but investment officer hugh johnson of johnson illington advisers warns that both the market and the public are very impatient , and things could change
justice ruth bader ginsberg has undergone surgery for pancreatic cancer . she had the surgery today at the memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york .
the government said people died during the crackdown , but diplomats believe the toll was much higher .
it was really the first time that we have this kind of position of the arm , cotte said , and after leonardo da vinci , thousands of painters have made a copy of this position but without understanding why we have this position .
we ve seen a few that seem to be open again , but with a significantly reduced number of monks .
xue , who holds dual citizenship in china and new zealand , was featured on the television show america s most wanted twice .
their enmity focuses on kashmir , a largely muslim himalayan region divided between them but claimed by both .
taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi earlier said the first german was killed at p . m . saturday and the second an hour later .
i bring prayers to those who wonder whether they ll ever see a loved one again , bush said .
we cannot allow the workers in this country to be the scapegoat for this type of a problem .
chip giants micron technology and hynix semiconductor will likely sign an alliance soon , according to an executive helping hynix restructure .
and since there are more than events every year , there s sure to be some sort of festival or parade going on , no matter when you visit .
russia s ambassador to nigeria , igor melikhov , said the six men , all russians , were abducted by bandits who stormed the residential compound in two minivans .
head of the cartel in an interview with the ap says a consensus has formed in the group to make significant cuts in oil production levels .
she also beat obama across all age groups , income groups and education levels .
lines of mourners filed past yeltsin s open casket as priests chanted liturgies at the gold domed christ the savior cathedral .
the impression , which was released yesterday , shows a man of southern european or mediterranean appearance walking while cradling a child .
boy , , to face murder charges as father is mourned
we need a real world and not the world of economic theories , ban said . i will work on this right now with a sense of urgency .
the rules of the court on the u . s . naval base at guantanamo bay , cuba , prohibit the use of evidence gained through torture , as does an international treaty the united states has signed .
arvada and colorado springs are about miles apart .
most parents held their children by the hand .
cardinal edward egan , the archbishop of new york , says the struggles of the irish in america are an example for everyone struggling with economic distress
court spokesman allan parachini said the order was signed wednesday by the court commissioner handling her custody case .
astronaut teachers to inspire next generation
undesirable impact on the value of your company from our perspective which will be reflected in the terms of our proposal , he wrote .
earlier , he met some of the country s military leaders in the new so called capital naypyidaw , and has now returned there for further talks .
a street in front of albania s parliament is named after him , several postal stamps bear his image and many albanians donned red , white , and blue hats and waved american flags during bush s visit .
the scene was quite similar to one in april , when kim jong il visited china by a special train , said south korean news agency yonhap .
saakashvili defended the use of force , saying it was necessary to prevent the former soviet republic from sliding into chaos as it moves toward integration with the west .
she s the best thing in my life , and i have never been happier .
he is expected to bolster his relations with the uri party since he needs a strong parliamentary buttress to turn his shelved reforms into reality .
the dispute has flared up again after an uneasy two year truce .
he s now agreed to do so , and has volunteered to step away from day to day management of the foundation while his wife serves in the obama administration .
one of those killed was a suspected roadside bomb cell member , it said .
hugh hefner s girlfriends have become tv s girls next door .
turnout for the international tourism industry s most important event is at a record high this year as the sector struggles to cope with the financial crisis sweeping the world .
the family said they did not want her charged , media reports said .
song said the bill aims to make national assembly appointment hearings mandatory for all nine justices of the court .
lt . lari sevene , a spokeswoman for the el paso county sheriff s department , said the attack took place shortly after p . m . and said possibly two or three people were wounded .
and documentary man on wire .
tours of duty for u . s . soldiers in iraq may be cut from months to if current improvements in security hold up , the u . s . commander in iraq said tuesday .
obviously , the high price of gasoline is unwelcome and is a challenge and is a headwind , he said .
the last time i saw such scenes was three years ago , in the aftermath of the indian ocean tsunami .
a seven hour standoff was led by officers who walked out of their trial thursday on earlier insurrection charges and immediately commandeered the peninsula hotel in manila .
she led pakistan from to and again from to .
london , england cnn prince harry and his zimbabwean born girlfriend have ended their three year romance , a newspaper reported sunday .
game players who frequent the warezabouts lan center in forney , texas , often ask owner jj tarno about vista and dx , but most seem to be waiting for more compatible games to come out before they make the switch from windows xp .
the missiles were supposed to have been taken to barksdale air force base , but the warheads should have been removed beforehand .
after months of debate by several federal agencies , the defense department released the tape thursday .
both sunny and rainy portland are well worth checking out .
the mehdi is said to have disappeared during the funeral of his father in the th century .
a runoff is expected on may .
but two other suspects , kareem ibrahim and abdul kadir , a former member of guyana s parliament , were in trinidad and will fight extradition to the united states , their lawyer , rajid persad , told a trinidadian court on monday .
the government thinks a record number of people will line up for that vaccine this year .
this sentence will send a message that you do not engage in this type of behavior , said u . s . district judge amy st . eve . the court s sentence should adequately deter others from engaging in this conduct .
in the new study , janet rosenbaum , ph . d . , of johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health in baltimore , maryland , analyzed the large chunk of data used in all the studies that have looked at virginity pledges the national longitudinal study of adolescent health .
north korea alarmed the world by testing a nuclear weapon in october , prompting the un to impose financial and arms sanctions .
in a sign of potential problems to come , north korea s state news agency said the country was receiving million tons of oil for a temporary suspension of its nuclear facilities and failed to mention the full disarmament for which the agreement calls .
the first delivery of aid a shipment of fuel oil is expected to arrive from south korea by the end of the week .
using a russian expression to underline the position that the olympics and related events should not be colored by politics , he said the flies and the cutlet are separate .
the ministry said the kidnapping followed a gun battle between security guards and the armed group .
the collection was viewed by tens of thousands at the lancaster museum of art in lancaster , pennsylvania .
on tuesday , japanese foreign minister mashiko komura said japan may bear some costs for the disablement of the facilities .
officials downplayed the incident saying a small group had staged an attack .
police , who are trying to piece together the movements of john darwin over the last five years , have made a public appeal for information over his whereabouts .
lucknow , india cnn he s a revered hindu monkey god .
prosecutor general denounced the government s plan .
kim floated rumors of his company s imminent merger with a foreign firm to raise its stock price , then allegedly embezzled more than million before fleeing to the u . s . using a forged passport .
i ve made it very clear that what i want is for families to make decisions about their health care , not government , and that s the fundamental difference between myself and sen . obama and sen . clinton , mccain told reporters in miami , florida , referring to the two remaining democratic presidential candidates , sens . hillary clinton and barack obama .
obama has taken the day off from campaigning to visit his gravely ill grandmother in hawaii .
so , in this case , can a rabbit .
the video , dated november , set a deadline of days from the date it was broadcast for britain to pull its troops from iraq .
british prime minister gordon brown said tuesday he was very sorry about gibbons arrest and that the british embassy in khartoum was giving all appropriate consular assistance to her .
lahore , pakistan cnn pakistan has been suspended from the commonweath a nation organization made up of the uk and its former colonies .
a spokesman for iran s foreign ministry , mohammad ali hosseini , denied any such plot had been uncovered , characterizing the news as disinformation spread by iran s adversaries .
though the posting appeared on web sites commonly used by the group and such statements in the past have rung true cnn is unable to verify the authenticity of the claim .
it was first made as a silent black and white movie in and then remade several times in both koreas .
the typhoon flooded at least villages in isabela , a province of more than a million people .
this is a highly professional job , done by people who knew exactly what they were doing , said the lead sao paulo police investigator on the case , marcos gomes de moura .
a ryanair flight from frankfurt made an emergency landing at a rome airport monday after birds hit the aircraft , aviation and airline officials company said .
turkey s transport minister says it s a miracle so many people survived the crash of a turkish airlines jet in the netherlands this morning .
the room looked so majestic , many called it the eighth wonder of the world .
four republicans joined democrats to pass the bill , two more than backed a similar measure in march . but democrats broke ranks to oppose it .
and intel recently began selling its own child focused classmate pc , which is a more conventional machine than the radically rethought xo computers .
bangladesh s death toll from cyclone sidr has reached an estimated , people , officials said sunday , amid fears that it could skyrocket to five times that number .
karamanlis has suggested that the blazes might have been deliberately set by political extremists ahead of next month s elections .
it increases blood flow to muscles , and that increases healing and speeds healing time , said professor allan platt , who teaches physician assistants at emory university s school of medicine in atlanta , georgia . it s also good for obtaining the relaxation affect for the entire body , which lowers blood pressure , lowers the heart rate and decreases stress , which is all good .
mehdi kazemi , , had originally sought asylum in britain , where he was taking classes on a student visa , because , he said , his boyfriend had been executed in iran after saying he and kazemi had been in a gay relationship .
vehicles with bodies inside are being taken out of the river , while empty ones are being marked and left in the water , she said .
what about shutting down the mexican border to stop the spread of the disease ?
the united states and japan have detected signs north korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching almost anywhere in japan , japanese and u . s . government sources said on thursday .
from a category standpoint , i think it s great it s getting people to talk a lot about hd and what technology they have in their home , he said .
unified teams have competed in single sport international events , such as the world table tennis championships and the world youth championship in .
clinton s plan calls for withdrawing troops within days of her becoming president , in consult with military advisers .
militants attacked police posts before dawn , and security forces responded with fire from mortars , assault rifles and helicopter gunships .
not even close , she said . gotta love technology .
four senior administration lawyers , including discredited former attorney general alberto gonzales , debated the fate of the tapes , the new york times said .
rep . tom tancredo abandoned his long shot bid for the republican presidential nomination thursday and endorsed mitt romney s candidacy , saying the massachusetts republican can go the distance .
beaufort is located along the atlantic coast between savannah , georgia , and charleston , south carolina .
these two , who fogged up the small screen with their sexual chemistry during the tv series ?
it is impossible to reduce the cause to a single explanation
several smaller ones are not .
otherwise , it may be standing room only .
the suicide attacker killed mohammed awadh , a sunni lawmaker .
british hotel chain is promising free accommodation to couples who share their first names with the couple from the christian nativity story .
daniel ryntjes , washington .
diane kepley , the associated press .
the u . s . led forces were twice routed , while the inchon landings led by u . s .
do we have a great client ?
the presidential decrees banned people from engaging in actions challenging the yushin constitution , and the court punished many students and activists who protested against them .
he had a brief conversation and apologized to us for the interruption .
the workers have complained about long hours , no minimum wage , harsh living conditions and no legal forums in which to air their complaints about management .
though details about the nuptials have been kept under wraps , le figaro and liberation said in monday editions that cecilia ciganer albeniz the former mrs . sarkozy married richard attias , an events planner . the two dailies didn t identify their sources .
the french anti doping agency is now willing to retest samples from the tour and this year s giro d italia and spanish vuelta , but international cycling union president pat mcquaid is against the idea .
but the french club could be subject to an investigation before then by european football s governing body over one of their supporters aiming a laser at ronaldo .
during the two hour light show , the satellites measured particle flow and magnetic fields from space .
voters in manitowoc , wisconsin have picked a man to run their city who looks young enough to run for the student council .
the buses moved slowly along the narrow dirt road to the northern side as snow fell .
from military device to life saving surgery tool
we ve agreed to a clear division of the regions we will cover , jung said .
now , for more from the white house .
alston said he did not believe there was a policy at the top of the government to direct the killings , but that the administration needs to reevaluate its counterinsurgency program .
the soldier , identified by his surname ri , told south korean soldiers he wanted asylum , an unnamed south korean military official told yonhap .
musharraf said too much damage had been done to polling stations and voter papers during the unrest in the wake of ms bhutto s assassination last thursday .
when posed the same question in , percent of blacks and percent of whites thought race relations would always be a problem for the united states .
underlining what he said was the growing risk of a major confrontation between the west and iran , international atomic energy agency head mohamed elbaradei appealed for the two sides to restart negotiations on a compromise as soon as possible .
the munich based automaker said its august sales were led by demand from u . s . buyers , where it sold , cars , up . percent from august . demand was also up in germany , with , cars sold , up . percent from last year .
gonul on sunday assured u . s . defense secretary robert gates that ankara would not to carry out an imminent ground incursion , but he did not abandon the possibility of sending turkish troops into northern iraq , which gonul called a safe haven for pkk rebels .
it s very emotional and tense . it s unclear why armstrong is worried about his safety now , given that attacks on riders are extremely rare .
armed with a warrant , policemen tried to enter the office in yeouido , but members of the chung campaign physically blocked them .
pentagon officials said the request was ordered , in part , because this latest incident comes after the august accidental flight of six nuclear tipped cruise missiles on a b bomber across the country . four officers
i hope that my legacy is of a man who made some horrible decisions , not a sick predator .
the problem in mogadishu has been compounded by heavy fighting between somali government forces , backed by ethiopian troops , and islamist fighters .
and that s good for the country .
cnn old fashioned american bakeries are popping up everywhere on the body conscious west coast .
there were notable changes elsewhere , though , with martin scorsese s masterpiece raging bull bounding upward from no . in to no . on the new list and alfred hitchcock s thriller vertigo hurtling from no . to no . this time .
an year old man was killed thursday morning when an aluminum roof collapsed on him while he watched the storm .
one of the victims was vanessa iverson , , who did not live at the house but had been visiting there , said her mother , kay macara , who went to the police station . watch reporting from location of shooting
in an e mail posted on the site since his arrest , he told friends that he faced arrest for his support of reform advocates the saudi government accuses of supporting terrorism .
deforestation destroys their habitat , so they come to the city , she said .
there s no doubt that j . k . rowling s harry potter novels , published in dozens of languages worldwide , have made a phenomenal impact on our reading habits , edgar said .
with one day before the legislative elections , the governing conservative grand national party gnp claimed monday that it was heading toward victory .
us defense secretary donald rumsfeld on tuesday denied lobbying behind the scenes to scuttle intelligence reforms backed by president bush , and said he supports bush s position .
nairobi , kenya cnn kenya s government has suspended all live television broadcasts as violence engulfed nairobi following the re election of incumbent president mwai kibaki .
harper said children were forcibly taken from their families , isolated from their culture and traditions and , in many cases , were abused and neglected while in the schools .
stocks rose and emerging market assets posted modest gains on monday after moves by central banks to inject money into the banking system reassured investors , prompting them back into riskier assets .
the judge worked hard to keep things on track .
the bbc reports taliban rebels in afghanistan have released south koreans women and two men out of a group of hostages that they have been holding .
harry was welcomed home by his father and brother saturday , a day after he was quickly withdrawn from deployment .
a pair of pants from one suit was missing when he requested it two days later .
reports have been circulating in korean financial markets that lone star had selected citibank as its agent to arrange the sale of korea exchange bank .
trezeguet , who has fallen out with club bosses , has been linked in the media with a move to valencia or lyon .
this wouldn t be everyone s first choice for an expensive vacation .
the fair trade commission official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said , a probe of petrochemical companies has confirmed that they have rigged prices . . . of synthetic resin products , including polyethylene , since the late s .
global growth was projected to slow substantially in , and a modest recovery would only begin later in , it said .
horst koehler , a former head of the imf was elected as the german president .
our opponent is someone who sees america as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country
promises four times more total battery life
the american educated saakashvili , who is trying to shake off centuries of russian influence and integrate the ex soviet republic with the west , accused moscow of fomenting the protests and expelled three russian diplomats .
obama then quoted abraham lincoln another son of illinois who left for washington .
hillary s life was marked by grand achievements , high adventure , discovery , excitement and by his personal humility .
once the reactor is disabled , a peace process involving the united states , china and the two koreas could begin , he said . but a full normalization of relations with north korea would not take place until there is full de nuclearization on the korean peninsula , he said .
and xylene isomers , a foetal development toxic agent .
when asked about her future plans , morgan said with a smile , my first plan is to get rid of the room spinning , and that should happen pretty soon .
five girls remain in hospital one is critical and one is in serious condition .
fond du lac county executive allen buechel said someone has been repeatedly stealing toilet paper from the men s public bathrooms at the fond du lac city county government center since june .
at national university in bogota , colombia , masked students clashed with anti riot police and shouted out bush !
more tourism , more deterioration .
the justice ministry left open the possibility for change in the regulation though it has not responded to the envoys request yet .
authorities were trying to get heavy lifting equipment to affected villages on the main island of java , said search and rescue chief eko prayitno , but blocked roads were hampering the efforts .
he said the drilling should not go forward until the impact of climate change and invasive industrial activity on the animals is known .
prosecutors said garrison had a blood alcohol level nearly twice california s legal limit and was also under the influence of cocaine .
the massachusetts born goulet , who spent much of his youth in canada , gained stardom in with camelot , the lerner and loewe musical that starred richard burton as king arthur and julie andrews as his queen guenevere .
or maybe it will be a combination of both american and british .
it is a remarkable progress from last year s first round success when his team established just a single stem cell line by cloning the somatic cell of a healthy woman .
al maliki said he was considering an amnesty for those who were lured or committed some crimes , although he added that the move would not include those convicted of killings or bombings .
the change also will boost flagging consumption , spur regional tourism and help local economies as city dwellers head for the country to enjoy nature s beauty .
roh also praised jeon s passion and hard work resulting in the outstanding performance .
she has said she was meeting with the man to retrieve a photograph . the attack took place in qatif in march .
sharapova will be replaced in the dubai draw by lucky loser akiko morigami , the world number from japan .
that is well above its safety limit of , degrees , but it speeds up the process .
the flame will be lit in ancient olympia , greece , on march next year , travel to athens and then on to beijing on march .
the million palestinian refugees were told that they could forget about return or compensation .
the statement also said olmert spoke tuesday with u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice to update her on political and military developments , including the humanitarian situation .
the storm was moving west at near mph km h and was expected to continue on that course .
pick up a bus , target an opponent and throw the bus at him . climb tall buildings , then jump from roof to roof with ease . transform from a jet into a robot or from a robot into a speeding car .
many of its scenes have a haunting beauty , showing the country s ruined palaces and rocky deserts .
the two front runners in the race for the democratic presidential nomination traded jabs wednesday over remarks made by a hollywood mogul and a powerful south carolina lawmaker .
the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , told those gathered at a news conference at the national zoo that the conservation initiative will find out how to work with the local communities , so we can preserve some of the areas in which the tigers live .
although the parliamentary elections do not directly affect musharraf , the poor showing of his allies is widely seen as dissatisfaction with his rule and has raised questions about whether he can stay on as president .
three soldiers and four civilians died in other violence in the northwest , where president gen . pervez musharraf is under growing pressure from washington to crack down on the taliban and al qaeda .
but in a sign the north remains anxious to prove its bargaining power , it tested a ballistic missile on wednesday the fourth such test since early may .
my father passed away peacefully , cried suharto s eldest daughter , tutut , according to the associated press . may god bless him and forgive all of his mistakes .
holding out hope that marulanda s death will result in change was magdalena rivas , whose son elkin hernandez was abducted by the group more than nine years ago .
for prax sanchez the first sign of trouble was strong pain on the right side of his face .
when the researchers looked back at fossil records of human ancestors , including the oldest spines that go back million years to our predecessor , australopithecus , they found a male without the lower back changes and a female with them .
the oprah winfrey leadership academy for girls opened in january .
hong kong , china ap police armed with riot shields and batons were called in to subdue angry tourists from mainland china who clashed with tour guides in the tiny gambling enclave of macau , police said wednesday .
on thursday , the couple s sons said they feared they may have been the victims of a huge scam carried out by their own parents .
gasoline prices added . cent to . a gallon . liters , while natural gas futures rose . cents to . per , cubic feet .
about , south korean soldiers and , from the nations that joined the united states under the u . n . flag also died .
still , it s the kids who most actively embrace the bleeding edge technologies .
she was joined in the second round by younger sister serena who battled past angelique kerber of germany in a later match .
in truth , the new presidential limo is a cadillac , krell said , although it is not a direct extension of any single model .
authorities believe the young girl went with galindo willingly , and no coercion was involved , he said .
he s not pitching another kick in the pants for the economy , but considering the chance of a long slowdown , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke tells lawmakers this morning , it makes sense for congress to consider a second economic stimulus package .
the find is important , aldenderfer said , because it signals the early emergence of a desire for status among people who lived as relative equals without a formal leadership system .
salmonella is a bacterial infection that lives in the intestinal tracts of humans and other animals .
many indonesians still fondly call him their father of development but his critics say he ruled by instilling fear .
japanese media said the murder appeared to be linked to an alleged controversy over public works contracts .
the last airline flights from jamaica departed saturday night .
lagos , nigeria cnn flames from a ruptured fuel pipeline swept through homes and a school in a nigerian village thursday , killing about people and injuring others , a red cross official said .
a human rights lawyer who led a member rights group challenge to madonna s adoption , also said the minister s decision could halt the adoption process .
rammell said the north koreans have nothing to fear and nothing to hide and should welcome the international community actually verifying the situation for themselves .
three of his lovers had threatened suicide .
the dalai lama says he wants real autonomy , not independence , for tibet .
the kremlin said the decision was immoral and warned of serious consequences for the uk .
at the nodes of this all encompassing web of objects is rfid radio frequency identity technology , which allows things to be read by an nfc near field communication scanner , bar code style , as well as to store information about themselves and their relationship with their environment , over time .
the company made the game available for download with the july launch of its app store , an online provider of applications for its ipods and iphones .
jiang xingchang , vice president of the supreme people s court spc , said that the move was because lethal injections were considered more humane .
i had about six people in the thing and i dropped them off one at a time and as the last couple were getting out , who wished to be dropped off at a eleven . . . .
the country s post courier newspaper reported thursday that more than people were killed in two highlands provinces last year for allegedly practicing sorcery .
purchasing cantaloupes that are not bruised or damaged .
the attack in suleiman beg , km miles south of kirkuk , destroyed part of a local council office and several nearby homes .
after being convicted of embezzlement , park yong sung , the former chairman of doosan group , was suspended from his seat on the international olympic committee .
we believe the campus to be completely safe at this time .
bush has now tied richard nixon s worst rating ever , taken in a poll just before he resigned in , and is only points higher than the worst presidential approval rating in history , harry truman s percent mark in february , says cnn polling director keating holland .
now i return to korea with only hopes in my mind , roh said .
united new democratic party undp candidate chung dong young , who has sharpened his attack on lee s scandal , said this week will determine percent of election outcome .
apparently grasping at straws in an attempt to bring him to justice , prosecution authorities now claim a former presidential policy planner used government funds to support buddhist temples , especially one run by a dongguk university official , in exchange for the hiring of his alleged romantic partner by the school .
the united states is committed to fulfilling our obligations under the six party agreements as north korea fulfills all its obligations , casey said .
a towering figure of th century fashion , saint laurent was widely considered the last of a generation that included christian dior and coco chanel and made paris the fashion capital of the world .
but the . meter foot reptile released the woman and fled when the man jumped on its back .
nearly percent of north korea s young children remain chronically malnourished , according to a recent survey by the wfp and unicef .
the woman s husband was not abducted .
this canadian man was in mumbai during last week s attacks and talked about his experience on the early show .
that s economic analyst adam york of wachovia .
in a statement released sunday , the group said georgia s election commission had carried out an extensive voter education campaign in a short timeframe and operated transparently . overall polling had been organized and relatively peaceful , it added .
the president was at his camp david retreat for the weekend .
cnn china is one of the largest emerging markets and a top focus for shoemakers fighting for market share .
asian tech stocks are sharply lower , with tokyo down more than percent after the shock admissions south korea is faring worst , with its kospi down more than percent and singapore is off . percent .
some had severe hoof rot , paralyzed limbs and prolapsed uteruses , in which a ewe s reproductive organs hang outside the body after it has given birth , williams said .
the pro government majority in parliament said it held the syrian regime fully responsible for this despicable crime .
funding , from a pool of million , will be awarded in may .
president elect barack obama could reverse some of president bush s most controversial executive orders , including restrictions on embryonic stem cell research , shortly after taking office in january .
mccain , out on the streets of manhattan with former new york mayor rudy guiliani who is backing him after dropping out of the republican race last week said he is the republican who can win the white house by gaining the support of independent voters .
in the absence of any official comment , reports blamed pressure from the queen , a relationship turned sour and the prince s army career for ending the five year romance which many had forecast would result in marriage .
commandos were going room to room at the oberoi hotel trying to flush out the attackers and rescue people trapped inside .
we saw the vital nuclear fuel rods being removed and neutralized under feet of water .
parents kate and gerry mccann are taking immense strength from the messages , said family member michael wright .
for one thing , the task force , which meets this morning , hasn t been able to even agree on what amount of time constitutes a lengthy delay .
everest base camp , tibet cnn the olympic flame reached the top of the world thursday morning , carried to the summit of mount everest by climbers wearing oxygen masks to breathe in the thin air of the earth s highest point .
five time major winner ballesteros will undergo a biopsy on tuesday before the doctors decide how to proceed .
it s hard to tell because they bring all of their personal experiences , their life experiences , to this case .
a californian company is developing a new technique for recycling carbon dioxide , or co , and turning it back into fuel .
a move from the stanford research institute in california to the solar energy research institute in colorado was the start of an exciting journey from researcher to the chief executive of taiwan s largest manufacturer of solar cells .
maybe what it got was . , triggering sell orders across the board .
the australian army is warning animal rights activists it cannot guarantee their safety should they try to stop a cull of kangaroos on one of its bases .
he said new policies would be introduced to provide better healthcare and education to aborigines .
police confirmed they had detained three french protesters , members of the paris based media rights group reporters without borders .
yet the industry still employs around , .
eventually , the museum will install security and surveillance equipment equivalent to that at the louvre in paris , neves said .
but he said iran needs to bring its actions in line with its declaratory policy . watch what u . s . , iran had to say about each other
i think as the cost gradually goes down then the application will widen because there are so many possibilities for renewable energy .
larisa tsvizhba , at the archive exhibit , disagreed .
some hotels want two night minimums . then there s the currently unfavorable currency exchange rate , eh ?
news corp chief rupert murdoch is highly unlikely to proceed with a billion bid for dow jones based on the level of approval the offer has received from dow jones controlling shareholders , a news corp spokesman said monday .
poland s new prime minister , donald tusk , has promised to bring the troops home from iraq , where
a home builder , toll brothers , says it can t project a profit for next year .
sometimes the architecture can have a grave impact on the perception of a city or region .
after an extraordinary session in london , they also said president pervez musharraf had to step down as army chief and release political detainees .
he said the world has focused on short term security rather than solving long term problems .
prime minister dominique de villepin has been holding emergency crisis talks , following criticism at his failure to end the violence .
cnn was unable to confirm the report .
spotted eagle rays can have a wingspan of up to feet and can weigh pounds , it said .
investigators in japan are investigating a second reported sexual assault connected to the u . s . military , police said thursday .
gen . ahmad made his estimate tuesday as he visited a food distribution site on a small island off southern bangladesh that was swamped by the storm , destroying percent of the homes and the whole rice harvest , cnn s dan rivers reported .
robert butler , head of the international longevity center .
it is the second time that korea placed within the top since , as it continued to advance for the past three years .
viewers who receive their signals through an antenna instead of cable or satellite and don t have a digital ready tv will have to buy a converter .
eric clapton receives numerous offers to play in countries around the world , she said . there is no agreement whatsoever for him to play in north korea , nor any planned shows there .
the spaniard , winner of a fourth straight french open title and first wimbledon championship this year , withdrew from the paris masters last friday with a knee problem after losing the first set of his quarterfinal match against nikolai davydenko .
it is remarkable that a picture of a fully clothed model is now claimed to cause serious or widespread offense , sherrard said . this isn t advertising regulation , it is simply censorship .
but they want to go and see what it really looks like , maybe touch it .
he is seeking a fifth term later this year , and recent polls suggest voters are increasingly unhappy about his refusal to set a deadline for withdrawing australian troops .
injured alex rodriguez was not in the new york yankees lineup tuesday night against the chicago white sox .
he said , you know , we ve got billions and billions of dollars of high tech equipment floating in the mediterranean , off the coast of lebanon .
the accusations revived memories of a similar sex scandal a decade ago that led to his imprisonment and ouster as deputy prime minister .
in , the right wheel of a bombardier broke off while landing at kochi airport , also with no injuries .
what this means is that the whole adoption process may crumble and david sent back to his village , he told reuters .
cristiano ronaldo missed an early penalty as manchester united earned a draw in the first leg of the champions league semifinal at barcelona s nou camp stadium on wednesday night .
there is obviously still a lot of frustration that this aid effort hasn t picked up pace , spokesman richard horsey told ap .
bhutto narrowly escaped injury on october when a suicide bombing near her convoy in karachi killed people .
a new study to be published in the january issue of american psychologist confirmed these results in an experiment that mimics many of milgram s original conditions .
the nation s most senior intelligence officials briefed key lawmakers thursday on israel s bombing of the facility .
gen petraeus was keen to emphasize that the ongoing unrest in iraq is not something he expects to be resolved overnight .
the ceremony was scheduled to draw guests and began with a party on friday at attias house in connecticut , the report said .
her commitment to style and design is ever present in our thinking and the way we work . we will remember liz for her vision , her entrepreneurial spirit and her enduring compassion and generosity .
their concerns have increased because the recent period from october to january was the second driest ever recorded for the northeastern united states .
the movie expires hours from hitting play , or you can play it three times within days , or it never expires in which case you ve purchased it .
but cargolifter became insolvent in .
how death gave life to performance
foreign rights have already been sold in countries .
the united nations founded the trust in to support the long term conservation of crop diversity , and countries and foundations provide the funding .
for now , the barrages continue .
in , out of africa a romantic epic of a woman s passion set against the landscape of colonial kenya , captured seven oscars , including best director .
a bomb squad retrieved the device consisting of three metal tubes filled with gunpowder , cables and a cell phone , all tied together with tape from the foot meter torre mayor on mexico city s main reforma avenue , the city s public security department said in a news release .
aguilera , who recently wrapped up a world tour in support of her latest album , back to basics , plans to be a working mom .
five have since returned home and the north says the rest have died .
the times issued a statement thursday saying it stands by its reporting and that the story speaks for itself .
it is speculation , but we are looking at a number of options , a palace spokeswoman said monday .
the korea herald reports that during a meeting with the press in busan , uri chairman shin said he was told that his father had joined the japanese military after serving as an elementary school teacher .
nhtsa ordered the recall after foreign tire sales told the agency that some of hangzhou zhongce s tires were made without a safety feature , called a gum strip , that helps bind the belts of a tire to each other .
china s olympic gold medal gymnasts have been officially cleared of lying about their ages .
cooper told a hotel conference room filled to capacity with about , employees that enron s debt on its balance sheet is greater than he thought .
vice foreign minister lee tae sik is appointed as the new ambassador to the u . s .
so i met with them . . . and we just got along incredibly well .
iraq s governing council has signed an interim constitution after shiite leaders ended a deadlock that had threatened to undermine the transfer of sovereignty by the american led occupation force to the iraqi people scheduled for later this year .
order of the phoenix has earned more than million in fewer than days .
and now , she and her colleagues have discovered that those artificial makeovers are having an unexpected effect .
the cause of her death is not clear though no autopsy has been carried out .
london , england cnn the former saudi arabian ambassador to the united states , prince bandar bin sultan , may have received up to billion in confidential payments from a british defense firm , bae systems , over a period of nearly years , according to two british media reports .
the judge set a bail hearing for june and an extradition hearing on august .
a u . s . official said tuesday that the pentagon is investigating whether iran was behind a january attack in karbala that left five u . s . troops dead .
the latest economic figures show a jump in jobless claims last week , and a drop in retail sales in january .
and obviously what that does is it makes me much more determined to try to break a deadlock that has gone on for decades now , he told abc s this week .
they get involved socially
bush argues it takes the program beyond its original purpose of insuring children from low income families .
the sport , banned under the taliban , is one of few forms of public entertainment in afghanistan . the matches also invite discreet gambling on the dogs .
he started threatening to kidnap his the cat just over a year ago , after his mother kicked him out of her home , accusing him of abuse , north kingstown police sgt . daniel ormond said .
japan worries about playing at the north korean stadium for the qualifying match of the world cup .
and old and new media
the atm card of slain marine maria lauterbach was found in a durham , north carolina , bus station over the weekend and the truck of the marine suspected of killing her was reported in the area , police said monday .
he s really been good lately , but it s too late , cnn analyst bill bennett said of thompson after south carolina returns started to come in . if you re a southern conservative and you can t make it in south carolina , it s over .
even u . s . president bush , who has resisted many environmental initiatives , recently called on industrialized nations to develop a plan for reducing carbon emissions that lead to climate change .
publicity is something i have always been good at and basically , the name of the game is how you can get noticed , how you can distinguish yourself from everybody else , she said .
the white house estimated that the troop increase would cost . billion .
just the thought of . sex has bloggers predicting an auction frenzy , as almost any word in any language could become a domain name extension .
the fbi said the letters have not posed a health threat .
some itunes customers question whether now is a good time to raise prices , with the current state of the economy .
once a hollywood staple , musicals hit a critical peak years ago with best picture oscar winners that included west side story , my fair lady and the sound of music .
some witnesses have stated that the individual was trying to retrieve something he had lost , sheth said in the statement . others reported that he was trying to touch the ride . this is merely speculation at this point , and we are working with park visitors and local police to learn more .
the mandatory military service period will be shortened to months on a gradual basis from next year , a government source said monday .
hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money is being used to prop up the financial industry .
atlantis and its seven astronauts will be safely back on earth before the pentagon takes aim .
don t be surprised to see a mactablet as well .
the first cases of swine flu have now been confirmed in the middle east , and the asia pacific region , israel , and new zealand . britain has a couple of cases , and prime minister gordon brown says there s no reason to stress out
another were injured in the attack near the town of matta .
no big deal , one might think , but the men in question were , miles apart , connected only by the internet .
i don t think he will allow it , because it s a very rare , unique piece , said carbot .
you kind of always want to ask , why , why , why now ?
just recently , the two finally met in person and hit it off .
the fight over control of wachovia intensified this weekend as the judge temporarily agreed to block the sale of the bank to wells fargo .
but our mark smith reports the democrat is trying hard not to seem overconfident .
thousands of opposition youths started street fires in the northern city of kano but the protest was quelled by police and reaction elsewhere was muted .
the disputed reserves lie in an area which falls into both countries economic zones .
maybe we will have a few periods once a month where the aurora can get a little bit more active .
i was always a little overweight and i did comedy very well .
defense attorney jeffrey hoffman said he would appeal .
wang also delivered a message from chinese president hu jintao , the contents of which were not disclosed .
beverly hills , california cnn the tragic romance atonement was named best drama sunday at a golden globes event that was deflated from star studded revelry to dry , news conference style awards announcement because of the hollywood writers strike .
forces korea usfk will continue to operate high tech surveillance and aircraft systems , such as kh satellite , u spy aircraft and f fighter jets , to help the korean military deter threats from north korea with its status shifting to a supporting role , according to the report .
it was carried out by iraqi forces , advised by u . s . special forces , the military said .
its reservoir will be filled by stages until it reaches kilometers in length britain has rejected accusations that it is letting its u . s . allies abuse al qaeda suspects insisting the prisoners had no complaints about their treatment .
although krill may never be as majestic as whales or as adorable as penguins , these small shrimp like crustaceans in the waters of the antarctic are crucial to the region s ecology .
so far this year , some million people in india and million in bangladesh have been displaced by flooding , according to government figures .
the reforms focus on special pension plans that allow some workers mostly train drivers to retire as early as .
maria sharapova , who ruled the u . s . open in an elegant , black tennis outfit , dressed in red for the opening match of her title defense on tuesday and was on fire in a sizzling romp over italian roberta vinci .
calling the dalai lama a universal symbol of peace and tolerance , a shepherd to the faithful and a keeper of the flame for his people , bush presented the medallion to the dalai lama .
his uncle , who had been mending fishing nets nearby , tried to free him by throwing stones at the dragon , he added .
two suicide car bombers drove their vehicle into the eight story building housing the offices of the federal investigation agency at about a . m . , according to the agency .
the nations around the world now know , that they will suffer consequences if they encourage violence against american acts of violence against american citizens .
lerner had previously said israeli forces would respond to any aggression directed at them during the scheduled pause in activities in gaza .
asian nations pledged to work together to address an ongoing history dispute as japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi s repeated visits to a national shrine that honors japan s war casualties and a number of war criminals has ratcheted up tension in the region .
with china s apparent position that the current kim jong il regime is better than having no regime , feulner said he could not speak for his government on whether washington would consider any regime better than kim s .
chinese stock prices have fallen sharply since october , ending a boom that began in mid .
he also wants to beat the mighty richard branson into this market by several months .
harang had allowed only two hits in prior at bats facing bonds , although one of those was also a homer .
today s korea times reports seven out of chief executives of foreign firms operating in south korea said that a series of the korean government s regulatory moves are not helping the country to become a financial hub of northeast asia .
one witness told local reporters that gunmen tried to find people with u . s . or british passports and took about of them hostage .
the foreign ministry is under criticism again this time for failing to bring home nine family members of three south korean prisoners of war from china , where they were staying after escaping from north korea in july last year .
simon cowell didn t want to hear any excuses about her being too tired to rehearse
the robotic cat travels back in time from the nd century and uses gadgets such as a time machine and an anywhere door that come out of a fourth dimensional pocket on his stomach to help his friends , allowing them to travel anywhere and to any time they wish .
the satellite , along with a smaller test prototype , was launched from the country s space center on a remote southern japan island atop an h a rocket , the workhorse of japan s space program .
new zealand authorities have blocked a couple s bid to officially name their new son real , saying numerals are not allowed .
the dispute arose after viacom announced new fees for carrying its networks adding up to million a year on top of the hundreds of millions of dollars twc is already paying to viacom , according to twc spokesman alex dudley .
this summer , state of the art roller coasters will be introduced in theme parks , and theme park operators will invest nearly billion in new and existing facilities .
mugabe is seeking another five year term in presidential elections next year .
the event marked korean troops taking virtually complete responsibility for patrolling the border with north korea for the first time since the korean war armistice was signed in .
the game also features gorgeous graphics especially with the microsoft xbox and sony playstation versions but this game doesn t rely on just its good looks to keep you interested .
al rubaie also urged patience with the iraqi led plan to secure baghdad and said it could take months before there are tangible successes over the sectarian warfare in the iraqi capital .
talabani told iraqi state tv a judge was able to extract confessions from the ousted leader .
the year old , who succeeded jens lehmann as his country s first choice goalkeeper after euro , broke the scaphoid bone in his hand on wednesday afternoon and the injury was confirmed on thursday .
the presumptive republican presidential candidate spoke at an environmental roundtable at cedar river watershed education center in north bend , washington .
it s really a waste , especially with everyone gathered there , yasuhisa shiozaki , japan s chief cabinet secretary , told a news conference in tokyo .
the japanese have chosen to ignore the fact that the kidnapping of kim could hardly have been effected without some level of cooperation from japanese authorities .
the grandfather of a six year old las vegas boy abducted at gunpoint is set to appear before a federal magistrate in california today .
blechschmidt appeared in a video released by his captors in late august , imploring his family and his government to do more to win his release . i am in very bad shape , he said .
kim tae young , chief of the st army command , has also been referred to as a candidate for the post .
the attacks forced fbi and dhs officials to rethink a belief that those responsible for such incidents had the mental discipline to accomplish the operation .
at the same concert , doherty referred to moss as his fiance .
today , a company called skyonic announced a novel new system , skymine , which uses the carbon dioxide emitted from smokestacks to make baking soda .
kid rock was arrested early sunday after a brawl at a restaurant and spent about hours in jail before being released , police said .
despite that dire outlook , several scientists involved in the process say they are optimistic that such a drastic temperature rise won t happen because people will reduce carbon dioxide emissions that cause global warming .
washington cnn u . s . coast guard planes and ships were searching friday for a japanese balloonist who disappeared off the alaska coast while flying from japan to the west coast united states .
the hero is year old chesley sullenberger , a former air force fighter pilot who s been flying for us airways since .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni has met the palestinian prime minister , salam fayyad , for the first time since he took office last month .
youtube community members can vote on their favorites beginning monday and concluding on friday .
within a few years , the band had mutinied leaving dubrow at a hotel in hawaii while other members returned to california and taken on a new lead singer .
hughes shouted as he approached .
as she coupled chic designer splurges with off the rack goodies from j . crew , h m , white house black market and target , fashion spectators say her ability to make a strong statement on a budget sends an important message during tough economic times .
now who could have done this tens of millions of years ago ?
tilley still works full time at the job center in london s west end and calls her new found fame a bit bizarre .
fahlman posted the emoticon in a message to an online electronic bulletin board at a . m . on september , , during a discussion about the limits of online humor and how to denote comments meant to be taken lightly .
annan also called for the the protection and assistance and safe return of all internally displaced persons .
the election is the first since the illegal military coup that overthrew thaksin in .
royal canadian mounted police said monday that a truck carrying crates of bees was traveling on a ramp on the highway when the load shifted and the truck overturned shortly after gmt .
the former chairwoman of virginia tech s english department was so concerned about cho seung hui s anger in the fall of that she took him out of a creative writing class and taught him one on one .
nadal said he made too many errors on his forehands on crucial points .
but the mayor is now years old , and nearing his end .
remember that you re a guest .
since it arrived in august , the kitty hawk has been a visible symbol of strength in a rapidly changing world , u . s . ambassador to japan thomas schieffer said . goodbye kitty hawk , hello george washington .
just look at how it bent a previously unwilling president ronald reagan to sign the martin luther king holiday law , only years after king s assassination .
and ba are partners in the oneworld global alliance , an umbrella which links of the world s carriers , including american airlines and cathay pacific .
the accidental strike on the u . s . vehicle came saturday as u . s . and iraqi security forces battled shiite militants in the capital , fighting that continued into sunday .
japan s scandal hit agriculture minister is to step down following the ruling coalition s crushing defeat in sunday s upper house polls .
and though a minor surgical procedure would be required to implant the chip , the actual monitoring would be very user friendly , yadav says , requiring no special training .
in february , dust storms can be seen curling off the coast of morocco , carrying plumes of sand out across the atlantic ocean .
youtube appeared to have removed videos linked to his account , many of them featuring nazi imagery , shortly after the incident .
i regard this as an extremely serious failure , darling told lawmakers in the house of commons .
most of the plus honors are given out before the show , which will air on cbs at p . m . et .
foreign ministers of korea and japan are likely to meet thursday amid an intensifying history row , as japanese minister nobutaka machimura decided to join the asia cooperation dialogue in pakistan sources yesterday , to be held april , where south korean foreign minister ban ki moon is likely to meet him on the second day to discuss what koreans call japan s attempt to glorify its imperialist past .
arunas matelis won for feature film documentary for before flying back to the earth , a portrait of children hospitalized with leukemia .
the audience , two thirds of mideast descent , explodes in laughter .
in the busy shorja market in central baghdad a roadside bomb killed three people and wounded five others , according to a baghdad police official .
rice was expected to express sentiments , possibly condolences , for the alleged actions of the service members at an evening news conference with japanese foreign minister masahiko komura , cnn s kyung lah reported .
maybe i m just dumb , he said , but having to spend six and a half years in prison doesn t sound too relieving to me .
not too long ago they wore a big scarlet f for too much fat .
moving to calm growing concerns here , bush administration ambassador christopher hill stressed yesterday that american forces stationed in korea will not be deployed unilaterally to handle regional conflicts outside the peninsula .
northern and western parts of china were the most vulnerable , including the autonomous regions of inner mongolia , tibet and xinjiang , and the northern provinces of hebei and shanxi .
fbi spokesman richard kolko told cnn that investigators are analyzing the video for any indication of gadahn s whereabouts .
in fact , federer also won a tournament in doha in without being broken .
the key is buying the right type of supplement .
it was not clear if they were detained because of a disruption or if they were removed for their own safety .
internet bars have mushroomed in china since first appearing in big cities in .
last week in saudi arabia , three people , including a mother and her daughter were beheaded for murder .
the quake in the indian ocean shook buildings in jakarta nearly kilometers miles away from the epicenter off the coast of sumatra and sent frightened people into the streets .
hillary and bill clinton are again teaming up on barack obama this time saying the first term u . s . lawmaker , whom they have derided as inexperienced , would be a strong running mate on a democratic presidential ticket headed by the former first lady .
both of the democratic presidential candidates were campaigning in florida wednesday , but for two very different reasons .
bush and lula also agreed to try to relaunch stalled global trade talks the so called doha round and bush said , we will work together .
lahore , pakistan cnn former pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto on tuesday called on president gen . pervez musharraf to immediately step down in the wake of a mass crackdown on the opposition this week .
wolfowitz has been mired in a controversy involving his handling of a pay package for his girlfriend .
by , universities will be given complete independence in choosing their freshmen .
the u . s . military does not comment on north korean claims about spy flights , although it acknowledges monitoring the north s military activity .
deutsche bank dropped . percent amid market talk it had made a large loss in proprietary trading .
mohamed anni nasheed , a former political prisoner , was sworn in tuesday after he unseated asia s longest serving leader in the country s first multi party elections two weeks ago .
japanese officials have begun looking for clues as to how a packed commuter train derailed , causing the country s worst rail tragedy in years .
it s built like a flying saucer .
at a campaign rally , michelle obama said , , if you can t run your own house , you can t run the white house .
an associated press photographer saw red cross officials ferrying water and food to people downtown who were cut off by the floods in downtown districts .
it s outside of our scope , mcquaid said
when asked why laurean wasn t arrested when he was seen on saturday night , brown said it was because he wasn t sighted by law enforcement . we told the folks in the general public , don t try to detain him .
several aftershocks the strongest measuring magnitude . have rocked the area .
the south says it will do all it can to rescue him , but won t change plans to send three thousand troops to help rebuild iraq .
he became a little famous and laughed at himself .
markets across the world made impressive gains monday after european banks followed britain s lead and announced huge bailouts for their banking sectors .
we know the race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong .
a new study has found that mobile phone radiation is unlikely to increase the risk of cancer , challenging earlier research which suggested a possible link .
the newspaper ran a brief front page apology on monday , followed by a more lengthy retraction on thursday , saying the offending passage had run by mistake .
baghdad , iraq cnn an influential sunni sheikh active in the reconciliation movement against al qaeda in iraq died early thursday evening in a suicide attack in khalis , a village about miles km north of baghdad , police said .
lightning strikes on grid equipment due to scattered desert thunderstorms also were adding to the strain .
south korea is ready to offer its regrets for kidnapping kim dae jung off japanese soil in , but japan wants a full apology and may not accept it , a government official said yesterday .
about a quarter of france s million people smoke .
a restraining order keeps the child from leaving the bahamas , and stern is with her , she said .
alexander vinokourov clinched his second victory of this year s tour de france when he won the km th stage from foix on monday .
his other movies include planes , trains automobiles , l . a . story , parenthood , and father of the bride .
harrell was pounds , and klein was .
it sounds almost like a plot line from star trek
in particular , the lack of professionals and technicians with undergraduate or higher level educations stood at , and , , respectively .
the judge , saying there s no doubt she knew her license had been suspended , ruled that she was in violation of the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
britain s queen elizabeth will not attend the wedding of her eldest son prince charles to his long time partner camilla parker bowles , adding to an air of chaos that has surrounded plans for the day .
sereno described it as a younger cousin of the north american dinosaur diplodicus .
the taliban was saying it kidnapped people . but the korean government was saying have been taken .
the two u . s . aid flights that arrived tuesday carried water , blankets , plastic sheets , mosquito nets and other relief supplies , the u . s . military said .
bollea is the son of hogan , whose real name is terrence bollea .
police in southeastern ghazni province found bae s bullet riddled body in the qara bagh district , where the koreans were kidnapped on july .
the , member mineworkers union , which called the one day action , said it was the first industry wide strike to hit the mining sector in the country s history .
gaillard added that black journalists were also insulted by fans who broke into the press area .
no civilians were among the casualties and there were no reports of chlorine being used in the attack , the spokesman said .
abbas called thursday on israel to comply with the terms of the road map , a u . s . supported peace plan agreed upon in .
roh also intended to influence the campaign race with his negative comments on the gnp contenders , which violates the election laws .
communist china has accused the dalai lama of masterminding the protests , but the us has urged beijing to begin dialogue with tibet s exiled spiritual leader .
recent polls said the ongoing probe has begun to erode lee s popularity .
wildfires are burning north , south and east of los angeles .
discovery landed at edwards air force base when bad weather forced a change to the intended florida landing site .
bessmertnova was a top dancer at the bolshoi from until , the year she and other performers staged a one night strike after the ballet s longtime artistic director yuri grigorovich , her husband , quit during a dispute with management amid plans for his replacement .
if sen . obama is indeed sincere about his repeated claims to change the tone of our politics , he should immediately denounce these remarks , remove mr . geffen from his campaign and return his money .
to save cargo space , the spare tire is stored within a patented rear door .
the comments by mowaffak al rubaie contradict one of the top messages the bush administration has been sending to the world in recent days .
reports say parents threw children out of burning houses to save them .
in a meeting with korean residents in the u . s . on saturday , roh also said he will do his best to resolve the north korean nuclear problem as soon as possible .
longtime american bandstand host and rock music pioneer dick clark has suffered a stroke and is being treated at a los angeles area hospital .
kim c . bush , president of baxter s vaccine unit , said the company was not involved in indonesia s decision , which has raised fears that global research into the virus could be hampered .
a memorial day weekend tradition at the brickyard
the british pound , which slipped tuesday on a series of dour economic reports , climbed to . from . .
last month the department of homeland security waived environmental laws to finish miles of the fence by the end of the year .
the station said an autopsy was still under way and that di marineo s body would be returned to italy .
los angeles , california cnn harry potter was the center of seven novels , but he ll star in eight films .
patty blagoevich is filling in for her husband , the ex governor of illinois , on the upcoming reality show i m a celebrity , get me out of here .
armed forces chief general yasar buyukanit said on monday he saw consistent efforts to undermine the secular republic , a statement suggesting the army would not stand on the sidelines if it saw the separation between mosque and state threatened .
the results will be seen as a minor setback for sarkozy s party .
president bill clinton will visit seoul next thursday , squeezing in a book signing appearance after a tour of tsunami damaged south asian nations .
harking back to authoritarian regimes of the past , the roh moo hyun government is moving to control overseas remittances to prevent the drastic flow of foreign currencies out of the country , backpedaling on its commitment to foreign exchange liberalization .
the day after she was confirmed overwhelmingly , secretary of state hillary clinton greeted foreign service employees this morning , telling them their input matters
this is a word that fits a cattle house is full of animals , like a cow giving milk , a donkey carrying something , a dog that s loyal , joya said .
after years , the moon mogul still has not received a reply .
rebounding from weak fundraising in january , sen . hillary clinton is expected to raise million in february a figure rival sen . barack obama s campaign said it would surpass , a campaign official said thursday .
about , delegates will choose a new leader for afghanistan and a temporary government .
the u . s . set the fastest time in the heats but were disqualified when ian crocker left the starting blocks too early at the second changeover .
hundreds of houses have gone to the highest bidders at an auction of foreclosed homes in new york
hundreds of buildings have been flattened , the associated press cited officials and media reports as saying .
ads for the movie , based on the popular tv series , were to go up elsewhere in israel on tuesday night , said an official at maximedia , the outdoor ad company .
concern is mounting over north korea s seeming determination to press ahead with reactivating its mothballed nuclear facility in defiance of an international agreement .
rudd , in canberra , urged voters to help australia shift up a gear by backing an innovative government .
under the bill , which must be signed by president bush , lawmakers must disclose donations from lobbyists .
we now have physiological data that suggests there are different brain systems for sex and love , says dr . fisher .
i didn t want things to happen that way but i m also ready for a new challenge .
italian police said tuesday s arrests were the result of an investigation , started in , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians .
our thoughts are with them at this difficult time .
the forces were joined by six u . s .
the french government has made betancourt s release a priority .
the us secretary of state has said it is time for a palestinian state to be founded , and that the us will put its full weight behind such efforts .
that is not a small nail .
the twister injured people , many of whom were hospitalized .
pepper hasn t addressed the rock band s complaint .
gambari met with ruling military junta leaders as well as suu kyi and other pro democracy leaders last weekend .
a christmas tree decorated with ornaments and tinsel
by the time it was over , the year old wei was slumped unconscious . he was rushed to the hospital but was dead on arrival .
while the fda said the problems may be related to overdoses , it also has reports of side effects with a variety of doses .
it is the first time in korea for a chaebol owner to undergo police investigation on suspicion of violence , kidnapping and mobilizing gangsters .
pavarotti died september of pancreatic cancer at age .
al qaeda has an active presence in yemen , the ancestral home of osama bin laden , despite government efforts to fight the terror network .
morning after reaction to the second presidential debate
we have managed now to get iraq to a far better position . . . we re able to move to provincial control and that is thanks to what you have achieved , brown told
journalists estimated there were about , protesters , but pro chavez lawmakers said there were far fewer .
and the season s not over , we ve got a fa cup against manchester united final to play .
the international labor organization is urging developing countries to create new public policies .
the mother was not arrested , but police will consider criminal charges , tranter said .
the story of a vicious scramble for a penthouse apartment once owned by a high society queen shows the life of new york city women through the lens of where they live .
diane kepley , the associated press .
but as we discovered on our journey along the coast , you don t need to spend a fortune to visit montenegro .
the assessment reversed a report that found the islamic republic was determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure .
his family said the economic crisis had broken merckle .
the joong ang ilbo reports the company has decided to close its research and development center in korea .
the major s losing its team ever against the team that only knew losing up until this year .
announcing the agreement at the ceremony , abbas aide nabil amr read a letter in which abbas designated prime minister ismail haniyeh , of hamas , to draw up the new government according to the formula agreed on in the talks within five weeks .
both sides want better ties , but they can t change the fact their relations are fraught with problems , said hisashi takahashi , international relations professor at sophia university in tokyo . the question is , whether they can keep on talking , because the problems are going to take a long time to tackle .
import sales exceeded , units for the first time last year , with , sold . foreign carmakers are revving up their sales networks with new showrooms and service centers nationwide .
zimbabwe s electoral commission released the final results of friday s runoff vote , showing that mugabe won by an almost to margin , with voter turnout about percent .
mumbai , india cnn trading at india s stock exchanges was halted after the benchmark index plunged percent in early trading , as the market regulator moved to curb buying by foreign funds .
lisa harrell was delivering mail to a home late monday morning when she noticed a baby in a window above the front door .
ghulam azrat is holding his two daughters , and crying happily , kissing them , as all the relatives watch , wahab said by telephone from nimroz .
in the neighboring tabasco where one man died earlier in the week , and where almost percent of the state was covered in water the level of some rivers began to recede slightly saturday .
on saturday , lebanese troops seized control of the house belonging to abu hureira al absi s deputy commander , lebanese military officials said .
the company running the plant has said none of the leaks are harmful to people or the environment .
british defense secretary des browne , in a statement released thursday , said military power can only be part of the solution in afghanistan .
stone said while he supports sen . barack obama , the democratic nominee in the presidential race , his personal politics didn t influence the film .
north korea now has days to shut down its yongbyon nuclear complex and readmit nuclear inspectors .
the fight started saturday night after a reception when he knocked her to the floor with a karate kick in the seventh floor hallway of a holiday inn , according to police .
but we are ready to cooperate with the turks to cut down their logistics and financial resources .
the seoul central district prosecutors office said monday that it had begun probing eight peer to peer sites at the request of the coalition of anti piracy in the korean movie industry .
companies recall , laptop battery packs
twelve female inmates were sexually assaulted by a correctional officer , according to an inspection team of the ministry of justice .
if the customer doesn t activate the program , it will stop working within several days .
i think we had an agreement this morning or last night between the united states and japan that humpback whales would not be harvested , i think , until maybe the international whaling conference in june , schieffer said .
komura told the doll , with an unidentified person inside , that he hoped he would widely promote japanese animated cartoons , or anime .
allawi didn t rule out amnesty , saying sadr wants to be part of the political process and anybody who respects the rule of law is welcome in the new iraq .
of the international market for environmental goods and services , the asian demand alone is expected to exceed billion .
london , england cnn a goalkeeping blunder by paul robinson to gift kevin kuranyi an equalizer and a wonder strike by christian pander secured germany a win over england in a friendly international at wembley on wednesday .
expressing hope that the future of tibet and china will move beyond mistrust , the dalai lama accepted the congressional gold medal from president bush wednesday during a ceremony in the capitol rotunda .
yoon , a graduate of indiana university in the united states , is the first south korean solider to be killed in a terrorist attack in afghanistan .
ninety percent of the equipment that the usa gave the government of pakistan to fight terrorism is being used to monitor and to keep a check on their political opponents , the report says .
spurs first team coach gus poyet admitted the double substitution had been a risk for ramos .
strongly protesting the court decision , the supreme prosecutors office resubmitted the requests in the afternoon of the same day without adding any new evidence to the new applications in a blatant sign of protest .
and the treasury and fed are lighting the blow torch to further thaw the credit pipeline .
the seoul district public prosecutors office said thursday that it imposed the overseas travel ban on samsung group restructuring office officials and former samsung everland executives who carried out chairman lee s illegal wealth transfer scheme in november .
boats are meant to stay clear of glaciers around svalbard , which is about , kilometers miles from the north pole , in case chunks fall off .
palm beach police sgt . chris proscia said the foot high statue was found wednesday morning with a message attached to it reading
more than nine million of venezuelan s million eligible voters went to the polls sunday .
on may , anzack s body was pulled from the euphrates river in babil province , south of baghdad .
the th annual us capitol bible reading marathon is under way .
backpacks , caps and other licensed products for the beijing olympics are being made in chinese factories that use child labor and force employees to work long hours for less than minimum wage , a report released sunday said .
the trekking route was dotted with monuments celebrating the historic visit by the senior kim in .
when we have a test available which is fully validated , we use it and we don t hesitate to test retroactively , moreau said .
asked on abc s this week if north korea has tested a nuclear device , powell said , no .
this is the first full debate in the house since the democrats took control of congress in november .
since , the national intelligence service has investigated suspects in connection with six cases involving middle east terror organizations , the agency said in a report to a legislator made public yesterday .
washington cnn days after both men reversed course on major issues , the presidential campaigns of sen . barack obama and sen . john mccain spent much of sunday s talk show circuit working to ensure accusations of flip flopping don t stick .
what was it you wanted ?
the film , which has now been officially approved , is scheduled for release on july on the st anniversary of the chinese communist party ccp .
now a handful of growers in the top christmas tree producing state of oregon want people to consider another factor how green a tree is .
the three surviving original band members robert plant , jimmy page and john paul jones will play a concert at the o arena november , organized by promoter harvey goldsmith .
authorities say the eight teens said they were retaliating for insults posted on the internet by the attack victim .
the rare joint action came after communist china recently published a series of books and articles as part of its northeastern project , claiming that the ancient history of korea originated from mainland china .
state and federal wildlife biologists are gearing up for an assault on the rats of still uninhabited rat island , hoping to exterminate them with rat poison dropped from helicopters .
the band appeared together again in , with past members bernie leadon and randy meisner , when they were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
analysts are uncertain , however , how much influence thaksin who won three elections and is still immensely popular in his homeland could exert from abroad .
new york ap the union representing new york subway and bus workers suspended its deadline to shut down the nation s largest mass transit system early monday and reported progress in talks to avert a strike .
i m glad it s over , said carlos sanchez , , at apple s fifth avenue store in new york city , clutching shopping bags containing two iphones the maximum allowed per person . i don t have to sleep outside anymore .
washington , so far , does not know what emphasis the new parliament will place on counterterror , especially as many pakistanis disapproved of the way musharraf has used the war on terror to explain many of his unpopular moves .
the first part of the year of , of course , we had high gas prices .
he played a large part in the demise of the soviet union and promoted democratic reform in russia .
he was a welcome pal to legions of meteorologists and scientists passing through during weekly stints taking weather measurements in hurricane force wind and heavy fog .
it calls on all countries to exercise vigilance in entering into new trade commitments with iran .
the four week deadline is meant to wrap up an iaea probe of past iranian nuclear programs .
he was elected president in and later won the nobel peace prize for his policy of engagement with north korea .
what s their secret ?
however , south korea will not be bound by those figures if the u . s . security reform bill becomes law .
creating a replacement heart for some of the sickest patients may be one step closer , if new research in rats pans out in humans .
they compared the number of heart attacks on each of the seven days after the time shift with the corresponding day two weeks earlier and two weeks later .
white house press secretary tony snow said it was important to remove saddam hussein from power and noted that a majority of senators voted in to authorize the use of force in iraq .
three bilateral ministerial talks and many working level talks substantially moved forward inter korean ties .
the dollar s descent against major currencies has drawn investors to crude futures as a hedge against the weakening currency and made dollar denominated oil futures less expensive to people dealing in other currencies , said david moore , commodities strategist with the commonwealth bank of australia in sydney .
an additional , receive implantable cardioverter defibrillators , or icds , which can shock the heart back into a normal rhythm .
as a consequence of the failure on the truck , the aircraft . . . came into contact with the grass verge off the airport tarmac .
but that s chump change compared with the growth that analysts expect to see once a new version of the short range wireless technology makes its way into products later this year .
deposed thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra is expected to return to thailand on thursday after months in exile , a pro thaksin web site said .
the pollution is carried downstream by the mississippi and comes from throughout the united states .
the number of nominations is the second most after the earned by all about eve and titanic .
former media tycoon conrad black , who was found guilty on friday of mail fraud and obstruction of justice for his role in defrauding shareholders of hollinger international and skimming million from the newspaper conglomerate , will appeal the jury s verdict , black s attorney edward greenspan said upon leaving the courthouse .
environment minister racmat witoelar blamed poor urban planning .
the battles of isandlwana and rourkes drift .
a report issued tuesday by unicef , the united nations children organization , found such stories are not uncommon .
daniel craig and the pain of being james bond
among the challenges people will be looking at is what s happening with their investments
the monkeys were very sensitive to the presence of people , giving warning signs to one another and fleeing whenever biologists approached , the group said in a statement .
analysts were looking for a rise of . million barrels , according to a dow jones poll .
some civic groups suspicious of nuclear power , however , said the tremor showed that uljin was not a safe site .
the european aircraft maker said in a statement tuesday that it will deliver planes in instead of , and planes in instead of .
it won t be released until next spring .
he built his reputation tackling demanding work , including the title role in composer john harbison s the great gatsby at the metropolitan opera .
floods have destroyed , houses , damaged , more and ruined crops on , acres , state media said .
it was just a little trick with nick .
we are very optimistic about this , he said , noting that the tumor is small in size and has a relatively minimal presence .
behind california s healthy image , the state s been crippled by the loss of more than , jobs .
the olympic flame is being carried through countries before arriving for the beijing games in august .
clinton won the michigan primary in january with percent of the vote .
a site normally used by the group to get its message out has been down since just before the anniversary .
del riego said hough has been buying furniture made by prisoners for more than a year . inmates at the ciudad victoria prison said hough ordered chairs for a texas restaurant chain as well as dining room furniture .
hawass team has been excavating at the location for two years , but he said it was only two months ago when they determined the structure , with sides about feet meters long , was the base of a pyramid .
the islamic revolutionary guard corps , or the irgc , and the quds force , an arm of the irgc , she said .
disaster officials in the philippines said three people drowned in flooding caused by sepat and parts of the capital and surrounding provinces remained under water .
therefore they must have been constructed long before our earth was covered by ocean waters .
we were looking for songs that feel like now but sound like back then , she said .
palestinian officials say more than , people were killed in the more than weeks of fighting .
but it defended its new position in support of abortion for women when their health is in danger or human rights are violated , especially in cases of rape or incest .
the reports submitted to the national assembly s finance and economy committee by the finance ministry , financial supervisory service and korea association of information telecomm showed that some . million people , or one fifth of the nation s workforce , are effectively credit delinquents .
rice said she and president bush will work with israelis and palestinians and help turn their discussions into substantive agreements .
similar events were being held in spain , italy , australia , the united states and iraq .
they , not the pilgrims , celebrated the first thanksgiving in the new world . the first schools , hospitals and banks in what is now the united states were built here .
gasoline prices were poised monday to set a new record at the pump , having surged to within half a cent of their record high of . a gallon .
britain s interior ministry , known as the home office , introduced the new measures wednesday after a six month review that looked at what else the government could do to protect women being exploited for sexual gain .
investigators will try to reassemble it to determine what caused the collapse , said mark rosenker , chairman of the national transportation safety board .
some of the brokers bragged about being a gigolo in japan , saying that they can guarantee million won in income per month along with japanese language learning opportunity .
one of charles darwin s most famous observations during his visit to the galapagos islands was that finches were subtly different including their beak size and type depending on where they lived on the chain of pristine , volcanic islands .
the name has not at this stage been rejected , registrar general brian clarke said in a statement thursday . we are currently in discussions with the parents . . . to clarify the situation .
seoul has been under increased pressure to join the proliferation security initiative or psi since north korea conducted a nuclear test on october .
giro winner danilo di luca is scheduled to appear before torri on thursday as part of a separate inquiry connected to a police investigation into possible doping .
aggressive model introductions will translate to new cars on the road here this year and the makers are drawing up diverse marketing strategies to attract local buyers .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
until now , doctors have resorted to autologous epidermal transplantation surgery for damaged skin replacement but that did not work for those without transplantable skin cells .
the assembly s session to vote on the extension of the troops dispatch to iraq was dismissed after only minutes .
her attorney is asking the lapd and prosecutors for the earrings and three rings that she wore to a grammy eve party .
the value of the snakes was not immediately known .
former u . s . president bill clinton a close friend of yeltsin was in attendance , along with about a dozen former and serving heads of state and senior foreign officials .
there are cities in china with populations over m .
scorching temperatures across in france in led to the early deaths of , mainly elderly people .
lift weights , roll out the exercise ball , or do five minutes of yoga in the morning .
federer hit back for an early break in the second , though , and stormed through the final set to seal his first title in five tournaments , so ending his worst slump since he became number one in february .
islam , democracy and the west .
university of maryland economist peter morici
north korea halted the disabling of the plutonium producing plants in august after a stalemate over verification measures .
city authorities ordered schools closed wednesday in shanghai , a city of more than million and china s financial hub .
mccain s responsibility was to really give us a game change or a change of the momentum .
public buildings were also damaged and minor incidents were also reported in toulouse in southern france .
how did you get this project ?
unification minister kim ha joong said there would be no progress in inter korean relations without the north s efforts toward denuclearization .
the atmosphere among us soldiers is great .
i can tell you they had a very warm meeting , perino said .
confidence that south korea will continue to be an engine for economic growth and vitality .
ioc vice president thomas bach said the committee will speak with china about human rights , but boycotting the games would be the wrong way because that will cut lines of communication .
the outbreak was discovered friday night after , turkeys died on the farm which was holding nearly , birds , officials said .
welcome to the first ever public christmas celebration in baghdad , held saturday and sponsored by the iraqi interior ministry .
they will be deprived of their writers services while , on the fly , they retool the talk show format and , relying on improvisation , do , well , who knows what ?
anticipating a more severe economic downturn , the energy department forecasts gas prices will average . a gallon through .
tuesday s vote may have little impact on the democratic presidential race , however , because the party s national leadership said it would not allow florida s delegates to participate in the national convention because of a squabble over scheduling .
but it will be large , said dasang , , during a phone interview in which he said he was near the bridge . i heard from tibetans that now live all over the u . s . and even abroad who are coming here .
iraq says documents seized after the killing of zarqawi yielded vital leads and that this may be the beginning of the end of al qaeda in iraq .
throngs of thousands cram the trains during the morning and evening rush hours , making it impossible for everyone to snag space inside packed cars .
afghanistan s upper house of parliament has passed a resolution calling for an amnesty for afghans accused of war crimes during a quarter century of fighting , an official said .
the web link for the program will be made public in september .
the lift off , from jiuquan in the gobi desert , was shown live on state television and included views from a camera on the outside of the craft .
richie rose to fame as hotel heiress paris hilton s co star on the reality series the simple life .
talabani s family accompanied him on the trip .
i am happy to end the uncertainty the fans may have had about the future direction of newcastle united , ashley said in a statement on the club s official web site .
that s an association that still bothers me , and i think it s fair to still talk about it , she continued .
more than , u . s . troops are stationed in japan , most of them on okinawa .
western policy on kosovo has previously ruled out partition as a potential spark for regional conflict .
israel was allowing trucks of humanitarian aid into the palestinian territory through the kerem shalom and karni crossings , defense ministry spokesman peter lerner said .
senior security related ministers , presidential aides and members of the ruling uri party were meeting to discuss the killing s effect on domestic opposition to the country s troop deployment .
south korea agreed to withdraw its troops from afghanistan as scheduled by the end of the year .
bush said the attendance of numerous arab states , including saudi arabia and syria , at tuesday s summit was quite an accomplishment .
after the air china boeing crashed and broke into pieces after struggling to land in thick fog at busan s kimhae international airport .
representatives for rhames , who is out of the country shooting a film , had no immediate comment .
forest fires in gangwon province severely destroyed woodlands and houses .
nasrallah made the declaration during a fiery speech at the funeral of imad mughniyeh in lebanon s capital , beirut .
the senior lawmaker s move would make him the fourth council member to resign in the wake of last week s poor by election results that left the party licking its wounds .
the prequel is hand written and signed by the author , according to waterstone s , a large bookstore in central london that that hosted the event .
in , an ad for lynx deodorant featuring a man fondling two naked women was washed off a nearby field after unilever plc decided to pull it , pearson said .
until now , myanmar s military leaders have prevented foreign agencies from doing a needs assessment and insisted that any aid be distributed by its soldiers and volunteers .
the u . s . geological survey put it at . .
the prediction came as financial scammer kim kyung joon had his detention period extended for more days to december th .
the party s founder , thaksin shinawatra who was the legally elected prime minister until he was ousted in the coup urged everyone to stay calm and don t make any moves .
posing like the virgin mary .
although the new bill has passed in the house , most republicans oppose it .
others argued that allowing people to essentially self declare their gender without undergoing a physical change is too subjective an approach to grammar .
scientists say that has slowed science in this effort .
another question health officials have is why the amoeba seems to appear more often in young males .
marquez was placed in handcuffs after a struggle with officers and initially appeared normal , but then stopped breathing , tranter said .
instead , it casts mulder and scully into a standalone , earthbound story aimed at serious x files fans as well as newcomers , he said .
in september , it was announced william is to train to become a full time search and rescue pilot with the raf .
the allied invasion at normandy led to germany s defeat in world war two .
the technology giants were set to finalize the billion deal , but ibm pulled the offer and sun ended ibm s status as its exclusive negotiating partner .
our job is to do the nation s bidding .
an incompetent supervisor , on the other hand , feels that the best way to secure her position is to appear faultless , and works mightily to make clear who fouled up or even to lay blame on a scapegoat .
investigators are struggling to understand the killing rampage that left two rural alabama communities in shock
a team of government officers and volunteers worked sunday to transport the whales from anthony s beach , where they were found saturday , to another beach . miles kilometers away on the island state of tasmania .
arsenal striker eduardo da silva has been released from hospital following the broken leg he suffered in a tackle against birmingham city last weekend , the premier league club have revealed .
the hotel is now owned by his niece odile payen redolfi , who continues the tradition .
slaves helped build white house , u . s . capitol
rodriguez , a journalist , also urged opponents to go to the polls to prevent possible vote rigging .
an estimated , people are thought to have hiv aids in myanmar with , of those people facing death unless they receive antiretroviral art drug , the report published tuesday said . fewer than percent of the people are are able to access art , according to the organization .
it would be desirable for president roh to veto the investigation bill for national unity before he finishes his presidency . kang further said that roh needs to pave the way for the new president to realize a smooth power transfer and that the veto is the appropriate way to remove possible political conflicts in advance .
president george w . bush , whose wartime differences led to angry recriminationssmall talk before walking into a luncheon with other presidents and prime ministers .
he also won european soccer s golden ball and world soccer magazine s player of the year award .
a warning center such as those used along the pacific rim could have saved most of the thousands of people who died , a usgs official said .
qari yousuf ahmadi , purported spokesman of the taliban , told new york times saturday , we know that these people have come here to convert our good muslims away from islam .
the incumbent kibaki narrowly won a new term in december amid allegations the vote was rigged , sparking weeks of chaos and violence .
. magnitude quake that hit niigata prefecture at a . m . gmt on monday , which also caused a small radiation leak and fire at the world s biggest nuclear plant .
she recalled last week how she avoided sex for weeks but could no longer deny her husband when he said it was time for you to be a wife and do your duty .
and one nld elected member was dragged away by them , witnesses said , asking not to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter .
still , that s the worst showing for the gross domestic product since the recession year of .
it is the third time this year the house has voted to end us military involvement in iraq .
the demonstrators called on leaders of the fragmented secular parties to unite against erdogan s party . unite !
so , next morning , at eight o clock , i will wake up and tell myself i want to be even better .
then , four bear bombers flew near the aircraft carrier uss nimitz , with one of them flying about , feet from the nimitz s deck .
we re already seeing some of the benefits
with most people in myanmar living on an average of . per day , the cost of drugs is unaffordable for most .
martinez has assembled one of the best teams in retailing .
his diplomatic passport , which was revoked after the coup , was returned to him last week and opened the door for his return .
so far there has been no terrorism in japan committed by foreigners .
after the crew regained control , navy sailors boarded the dai hong dan to help with the injured .
this month , russia s foreign ministry ordered the st . petersburg and yekaterinburg offices to shut , saying they were operating illegally and avoiding paying taxes .
i want to recover and be ready for the important davis cup final with my country that will be played in mar del plata , argentina .
thirty percent of respondents reported worrying about the cost of living while percent cited credit card debt .
i love you . you only live once , as you told me , and i want to spend mine with you , navarro said on a program called diario de patricia on the network antena .
they are more cultured , more knowledgeable , they know more about the world , they have more political experience and they are younger , said shanghai delegation member chen chuanwei , sipping tea outside the auditorium where zhu spoke .
the space station s russian built toilet has been acting up for the past week .
why love is so powerful , and why being rejected is so horribly painful .
salvadoran immigrant ingmar guandique is currently serving time in a federal prison in california .
japan holds ground on international issues .
known as der blaue wittelsbacher since , it is one of very few diamonds which can claim th century heritage , incredible rarity and exceptional beauty .
oprah winfrey is considered by the hollywood reporter as the most influential woman in the entertainment industry .
the ftc had learned that the malls habitually refuse requests for return of goods in violation of regulations .
baghdad says it will name ambassadors today in a move designed to boost diplomatic relations with the outside world .
they can pick up a missile more than a thousand miles away with the help of satellites .
the military said the attack was part of operation arrowhead ripper , the anti insurgent offensive going on in and around baquba , diyala s provincial capital .
official results gave ma . of the vote an advantage of nearly percentage points over hsieh .
hanwha group chairman kim seung youn , who is in jail for an alleged revenge attack , has reached a deal with the victims in the scuffle in which they expressed their hope that charges against him would be dropped .
the mayors of the two expanded cities will be appointed by the cheju governor .
all eight have links to the medical profession , according to sources with knowledge of the investigation .
claiborne launched her fashion company in with her husband , art ortenberg , and two other partners .
in simple terms , misuse of antibiotics .
putting a price on procrastinati
the dow s currently down points .
a family acquaintance tells cbs the woman is fairly young and lives with her parents .
a criminal investigation into the death of julia campbell was launched by police .
it can also be networked to an existing pc or laptop through an ethernet cable or wireless connection .
dress it up , point and shoot , flip the usb , plug and play . edit up to minutes of video with built in software for simple cuts or fun mixes .
bad news for the uh , financial services business .
the new round of nuptials came as gov . mitt romney took the first steps toward blocking town clerks from issuing licenses to out of state gay couples , which the republican governor claims is prohibited by state law .
china is turning to its former enemy japan for help as it seeks to boost its relief operations after the deadly earthquake that has devastated the southwestern sichuan province .
bombs in the iraqi capital have killed at least eight people , hours after dozens died in a suicide attack .
one of the stated goals of the pope s visit is to energize the u . s . catholic community
if we regard older people as asexual , particularly as physicians , we really miss an opportunity to do important counseling and interventions for people who may benefit from them .
california highway patrol officer patrick kimball says spears was driving her mercedes on the eastbound ventura freeway just east of the freeway when the nighttime accident occurred .
taking the name pope benedict xvi , the year old german appeared on the balcony of st peter s basilica .
add . degrees fahrenheit degree celsius is the calculation scientists use and between million and . billion extra people can t get enough water , some infectious diseases and allergenic pollens rise , and some amphibians go extinct .
delegates meeting in the canadian city of montreal are to discuss how targets on cutting greenhouse gas emissions over the next seven years will be met .
democratic house speaker nancy pelosi and reid signed the bill at a televised news conference on capitol hill .
victims included u . n . staff from around the world , police officers and law students .
usain bolt came out so fast and i had to work hard to catch him . i should be thankful to him to make this such a fast race .
the inquiry followed the release last week of a report by charles duelfer , commissioned by the u . s . government to investigate iraq s programs for weapons of mass destruction .
the flight was the th in the shuttle program s years and the th flight for columbia , nasa oldest shuttle which was built in at a cost of about billion .
it s a brave new digital world .
of course we have police patrols and kfor is patrolling all over kosovo , but we still expect the situation to continue to be normal .
and dr pepper followed through , posting a coupon on its web site for a can of soda .
atletico madrid have completed an agreement to sign spain winger jose antonio reyes from arsenal on a four year contract , the primera liga club said on monday .
they can t get enough blood .
days before the premiere of harry potter and the chamber of secrets , the film s producer said it fears pirated copies are showing up on the internet .
leading the congratulations by world leaders , british prime minister gordon brown said he was excited about the prospect of working with the new u . s . president .
the third goal , which verrone said the guild did not achieve , was to shore up writers shares of the revenue from animation and reality television .
plant stanols and sterols are natural compounds found in vegetable oils , nuts , and seeds that compete with cholesterol for absorption into the bloodstream from the gastrointestinal tract and thus decrease the amount of cholesterol that makes it into your system .
the government reported injuries to , people , with another , missing .
his critics accuse him of corruption and abusing power , which he denies .
the quake was felt for two minutes , according to peruvian media . broken windows were reported in lima , and mobile phone service was interrupted .
the guerrillas , who claim to be inspired by chinese revolutionary mao zedong , have often targeted police and government officials , whom they accuse of colluding with landlords and rich farmers to exploit the poor .
the soviet union in the s experienced a wave of politically motivated killings and purges of the government and communist party orchestrated by josef stalin s secret police .
lesiba sheshoka , a spokesman for south africa s national union of mineworkers , said he could not speak specifically about the conditions at the elandstrand mine . but he pointed to what he called south africa s generally poor mine safety record .
three passengers and two crew members were taken to hospital with minor injuries , ryanair spokesman stephen mcnamara said .
and on wall street in early trading , the dow is down points .
but , the treasury official tells a senate committee financial markets remain fragile .
engineer jun ashihara also said the machine is useful for people standing in long lines and for people who run around to make deliveries .
a gyrocompass , on the other hand , works on its own internal mechanical system and always points to true north .
ban and machimura s meeting is likely to become a key opportunity in breaking through the sharpening tension between the two countries concerning the interpretation of history .
russian president vladimir putin and ukraine president viktor yushchenko announced on tuesday they had reached agreement on the gas issue at a news conference in moscow following their talks .
industrial output rose . percent in october after falling . percent in september , the ministry of economy , trade and industry said .
cho myong chul , who defected to seoul in , recalls that hurling rocks at the effigy of a u . s . soldier was a schoolyard sport .
i have a box of evidence that s going to a certain person , should anything happen to me , and the truth will come out , she said .
the media is going too fast , and what they report is not true . prosecutors questioned him over the allegation that he received million won from former busan tax office head chung sang gon late last year .
the bran castle , perched on a cliff near brasov in mountainous central romania , is a top tourist attraction because of its ties to prince vlad the impaler , the warlord whose cruelty inspired bram stoker s novel , dracula .
labor garnered about . percent of the vote , according to the web site .
hillary clinton , the prohibitive favorite in the democratic presidential race just months ago , faces the possible end of her white house road on tuesday in ohio and texas .
already scarce staple foods , gasoline and many basics have disappeared from shelves because store owners say they can t afford to sell at the new low prices .
baez knew the rev . martin luther king jr . and famously sang the protest song we shall overcome to a massive crowd at the lincoln memorial during king s march on washington .
the korean stock market is continuing its frantic surge , causing milestones to race by like markers on a highway .
it says this summit , scheduled to last three days , may pave the way for that historic step .
doctors said that he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital .
that could lead to tighter lending standards and contribute to an overall slowdown .
nokia spokeswoman marianne holmlund said that in similar cases in the car industry , less than half of consumers eligible for replacement had used the option .
the third candidate , salzburg , austria , was eliminated in the first round .
after an extraordinary session in london , they also said president pervez musharraf had to step down as army chief and release political detainees .
and hong kong and singapore are easing in that direction under a more voluntary process .
you had to let it go .
this isn t surprising considering that men support the porn industry and women spend their lives trying to look good for men , says dr . fisher .
part of me wants to shake up people s perception of me , just shove me in a blender , radcliffe said in a recent interview with newsweek magazine .
using arrests and intimidation , the government had managed to keep demonstrations limited in size and impact but they gained new life when the monks joined
the united states has regained its seat on the member united nations commission on human rights , since the commission was established in .
suu kyi described her october meeting with the liaison officer as constructive , said the statement read by gambari .
dibler described the news of the video as a double edged sword .
ground zero for astral travelers is the dusty hamlet of rachel .
another man s shoulder was found where he and others were lined up and shot , one of his legs was found near a grave , a hip was found inside the grave , his upper jaw several miles away and his left arm in a secondary grave .
they are establishing offices in china , and lobbying the government to ease restrictions on travel to the u . s .
after months of speculation about his health , apple ceo steve jobs announced monday that his doctors believe a hormonal imbalance is to blame for his alarming weight loss .
the rush of new water leaves scientists with crucial questions about how much sea levels could rise and whether the system of ocean currents that ensures western europe s mild winters known as the conveyor belt could shut down .
bond has been set at , dollars for ollie ivy who was charged with aggravated assault .
for three centuries they were persecuted , then a terrible famine .
virginia tech students gathered by the thousands in the heart of their campus tuesday night for a candlelight vigil .
sydney , australia cnn a group of children playing in an australian park wednesday opened a suitcase they found floating in a pond and discovered the body of a youngster inside , police said .
surveillance video showed johnston and ashley miller wearing sunglasses and laughing as they appeared to steal nearly , from a bank of america branch in acworth , georgia on february .
president raul castro recently announced that electrical devices , including dvd players , electric rice cookers and mopeds that run on rechargeable batteries would be made available to the public .
during the same period there were executions in the united states .
more than half of nasa s teacher in space nominees in gathered at the launch site , along with hundreds of other educators , all of them thrilled to see morgan continue what mcauliffe began .
a government report on durable goods orders showed stronger than expected demand for big ticket items , as the . percent gain was well above the . percent rise forecast by economists .
with handshakes , leaders of the united states , israel and the palestinians agreed on tuesday to launch immediate talks to secure a peace treaty by the end of that would create a palestinian state .
the rescue mission was organized by l arche de zoe zoe s ark , a paris based charity which said the children were orphans from the darfur crisis and were being taken to foster families in france .
the constitutional court ruled the capital relocation plan unconstitutional .
edwards said last week that it was fine for clinton to continue making her case , but expressed concern that a continued campaign could damage the party s prospects in november .
prime minister thein sein and gambari held detailed discussions wednesday on ways to improve myanmar s cooperation with the u . n . and address the country s socioeconomic , political and human rights issues in the wake of the crisis , the u . n . statement said .
north korean foreign minister paek nam sun told the same to visiting british foreign office minister bill rammell .
that means neural crest cells carry species specific programming for beak growth , paul trainor of the stowers institute for medical research in kansas city said in an accompanying science review .
i ve got to get fans out of my life
he is believed to be the youngest person from the uk to have traveled to switzerland to commit suicide .
north korea has withdrawn some of its funds from a macau bank , signaling a breakthrough in the long running dispute blocking pyongyang s nuclear disarmament , a newspaper said wednesday .
obama s democratic rival , hillary clinton , also denounced the comments .
he also sustained injuries including a fractured rib in june when he fell during a walk outside the palace .
london , england cnn jurors at the inquest into the death of princess diana thursday were shown pictures of her at the scene of a fatal car crash years ago photos a lawyer said made clear the paparazzi had no compunction about photographing the victims .
the late pope john paul ii visited the region in .
more than . million homes collapsed or sustained damage because of the quake , according to the chinese embassy in washington .
the ambassador s remarks seemed designed to rebuff north korea s repeated claims that the u . s . should first abandon its ambition to topple the pyongyang regime .
homosexuality in dubai is illegal , and the teen could have faced as much as a year in prison .
or rather the second visit in a week on his tour of asia was made at a critical juncture , officials in seoul , beijing and washington might have agreed to remain silent until they could pin down a date to resume the disarmament talks .
it s all economy all the time again this morning .
the report called on financial services companies to raise awareness of the problem of climate change and to lead by example in corporate environmental management .
murray makes history with triumph in madrid
spacecraft blasts off to probe edge of solar system
stewart , who is hosting the academy awards for the second time , and his writing staff had been rushed even more than usual this year because of the recently concluded writers strike .
ross , mukasey collapsed during a speech tonight , immediately taken to a hospital in the nation s capital .
the american association for the advancement of science said it has compiled satellite images that provide evidence of village destruction , forced relocations and a growing military presence at sites across eastern myanmar .
authorities believe a gas cylinder may have exploded at the shop .
his tombstone , however , says .
lohan was arrested on may in beverly hills , california , and on july in santa monica , california .
the people cut it to pieces and buried it along the walls of florence .
according to brad smith , software maker microsoft s general counsel , not even a key weekend deadline brought the two sides together .
another scorpions member , accused as an accomplice , was sentenced to five years in jail , while a fifth was cleared .
uh look , we want it all .
i have not changed my stand regarding the matter at all , goh said during a meeting with chief presidential secretary kim woo sik , who visited his office to persuade the prime minister to allow the cabinet shakeup .
carli was some miles kilometers off the coast when he last contacted paranagua s port authority , gallas said .
she may not have had anything to do with this
if that is confirmed as positive as well , we will proceed to rescind his contract .
the last message purported to be from bin laden was an audiotape broadcast last month on the arabic language satellite television network al jazeera .
like in ohio , she has the support of the very politically active governor , ed rendell .
the struggling internet company also announced sales for the third quarter that were roughly in line with wall street s forecasts and earnings that matched expectations .
harvard alum senator ted kennedy will be getting an honor from his alma mater that puts him in rather elite company .
graduates of cram schools remember friends jumping the walls at night , lured by neon signs in the distance , and corporal punishment for disruptive students a common practice in many south korean schools .
she has paired them with a simple black sweater and added a dash of glitz with a crystal and gold cocktail ring from barneys .
a bus carrying pilgrims to hindu shrines in southwestern india careened over the side of a steep hill sunday night , killing and injuring more than others , police said .
most historians and researchers believe the radical policies of the khmer rouge , which sought a utopian communist state , led to the deaths of at least . million cambodians through starvation , disease , overwork and execution .
the kazakh , who suffered injuries to his knees during a crash in the first week , attacked at the bottom of the category one climb and never looked back .
twenty four f fighter jets were relocating to dobbins air force base near atlanta , georgia .
the overall level of carbon dioxide emissions from road transport has risen percent since as the number of cars on the road rises and drivers travel greater distances .
he was the first player out on the ice , but injured his hip after tripping over the carpet laid out for palin to drop that puck .
two male hostages were subsequently killed .
college graduates seeking jobs , meanwhile , are required to reconsider their basic conception of employment so smaller companies can support the national economy by becoming better places for workers to demonstrate their abilities .
now the eu executive is threatening a binding lower limit for but the car industry will not have to bear that alone as the eu promises to boost the use of biofuels and cleaner fossil fuels .
mumbai police spokesman satish katsa said gunmen have taken over the taj mahal hotel and hotel oberoi , and were holding hostages on multiple floors .
the president s chief spokesman has said karzai will not sign anything that goes against afghanistan s constitution and he has asked his lawyers to assess the resolution s legality .
my high school friends found that strange , he says .
metropolitan police said the device was found to be harmless a short time later .
the latest discoveries are from the countryside . the indian countryside .
there s no doubt tobacco production is back breaking work add to that high temperatures , humidity and long hours the method of growing the leaves in the sun is a long cuban tradition .
this kind of insinuation
but prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who called the poll in a bid to end protests , dismissed the charges .
in addition , more people suspected of involvement in the rallies were being questioned by investigators , it said .
now the button down number two guy at the watergate era fbi has died in northern california .
the u . s . navy s help last week to north korean crewmen fighting off somali pirates was unprecedented in the half century of hostility between the cold war foes , a spokesman for the naval historical center in washington said .
as the computer virus is expected to ramp up efforts tomorrow , april fool s day , experts say the conflicker worm is no joke .
juventus move to second , three points behind inter , on goal difference from roma and udinese who beat siena .
the time to make our decisions to become viable is now .
police have detained a man , alejandro ramirez baez , in the shooting , the department said .
japan s ambassador has gone back to tokyo to report on rising tensions here over the japanese shimane prefecture s plans to designate feb .
the official spoke on customary condition of anonymity .
the late actor who ran away with the dark knight picked up a golden globe nomination
the magnetic force of the mri somehow knocking it down .
paleontologists were intrigued by the discovery .
the delay has caused concern among aid agencies and foreign governments and sparked unusually strong remarks from u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , who blasted the junta s unacceptably slow response .
and i said all right , all right , washington says , adding matter of factly that casting himself is not bad casting .
kabul , afghanistan reuters the taliban kidnappers of korean hostages on sunday extended the deadline for the south korean government to agree to withdraw its troops from afghanistan by hours .
the decree was signed by cardinal william levada , prefect of the congregation for the doctrine of the faith .
they see the item on the screen and they compare it with others .
teaching english for pocket money , the brooklyn native got his first taste of a favela when a student took him home to rocinha , a place whose very name makes many brazilians fearful .
quoting the statements of witnesses , the police confirmed that ten youths assaulted three north koreans on saturday , with one victim stabbed and killed .
the brief disruption unnerved thousands of spectators , dignitaries and olympic officials who packed into the sprawling ancient stadium to watch actresses posing as priestesses light the olympic flame from the sun s rays .
the hyundai union had planned to consult its members through a ballot prior to the work action , but walked away from the plan .
a year old former boeing engineer is accused of giving china details about the space shuttle and other aerospace programs .
the effects of the ban are expected to begin ameliorating ozone destruction some time before the end of the decade , and perhaps may see the first signs of this , although ozone loss was the worst on record .
the senator from new york tried to make her case that sens . barack obama , her democratic rival , and john mccain , the presumptive republican presidential nominee , can t be trusted to end the war .
the rebound came as many global markets are recovering modestly after being battered since the start of the year amid worries about the u . s . credit crisis and slower global growth .
in europe , the french cac and the german dax also had gains of more than percent .
because this is an unrepentant domestic terrorist who had campaigned to blow up , to destroy our pentagon and our u . s . capitol .
its statement was carried last month by the north s official news agency , kcna .
beijing has been trying to rein in corruption for several years .
the court will have a warrant hearing on the applications today .
the cold snap , they said , would continue until next thursday .
the market , huriev says , is open for them .
cyworld is regarded as popular among year old women , which is exactly why an year old girl aspires to use the service .
the patient became quite ill rather rapidly , and was transferred the next day to a hospital here in houston .
accused swindler bernard madoff telling the judge he s deeply sorry as he entered that plea in the manhattan federal court ?
bush went to israel and the west bank in january .
he was not among the four best known members of abba whose faces adorned the album covers anni frid lyngstad , bjorn ulvaeus , benny andersson and agnetha faltskog but he was a key supporting musician for the group as it achieved stardom .
clinton s foundation negotiated agreements with generic drug makers cipla ltd . and matrix laboratories ltd . that he said would mean an average savings of percent in low income countries and percent in middle income countries .
us firm zero gravity normally charges a fee of , for its passengers , but that fee was waived for the cambridge physicist .
it s the iconic little red wagon with the radio flyer logo .
earlier , demonstrators on both sides of the war issue gathered near hollywood s kodak theatre , site of the oscars .
last month , the french leader married carla bruni , the italian born singer and former model . their quick courtship led to a glitzy february wedding .
playfair an alliance of world trade unions said in its report that it had found severe workers rights violations in factories licensed to make official olympic caps , bags , stationery and other merchandise .
i m at least minutes into my flight glass of white wine in one hand , book in the other when it suddenly dawns on me that this is no ordinary vacation
the resumption of talks follows the pilot union s announcement on tuesday that it would drop demands that do not relate to flight safety .
before karzai s visit to the united states , said the source , the prisoners swap was an option and the two sides as well as the afghan government were deliberating on that .
in a report , it listed energy minister ismail khan , karzai senior security adviser mohammed qasim fahim and parliamentarians abdul rasul sayyaf and former president burhanuddin rabbani as among the worst perpetrators .
sometimes people pick up strays to raise at home , but then neighbors complain about the noise , leaving the new owners with the choice of either dumping the dog on the street again or silencing it .
koreans would face punishment if they entered the country without government permission .
following are excerpts from the interview , which have been edited for clarity
police said there were , in the french capital .
people are tired of violence and vandalism and are crying out for peace and stability , he told more than , churchgoers . political leaders must have big hearts and respect democracy , he said .
ramos horta has led the government since july after factional fighting between police and army forces erupted in the capital , dili .
what everybody does know is , on wednesday , five late night hosts will return to work .
in responding to the contraction of the automotive sales caused by recent global economic turmoil , suzuki has been promptly taking possible countermeasures , the statement said .
palestinian militants fired more than two dozen rockets and mortars on southern israel , but there were no casualties , the israeli military said .
the massive backlog has destroyed summer vacations , ruined wedding and honeymoon plans , disrupted business meetings and educational trips .
however , dozens of couples obtained a court waiver of the waiting period and got married promptly after massachusetts on monday became the first state to allow same sex couples to wed .
earlier , scott had said that police had been called to the home in the past year about family violence incidents .
about , foreign peacekeepers helped to restore relative calm , but the nation is still plagued by endemic unemployment and poverty , with about percent of the population living in refugee camps or with relatives , too afraid to return home .
her current crew mate , michael lopez alegria , will set that record when he returns to earth on april in a russian soyuz vehicle with days in space .
his physical fitness helped build his popularity among russians after years with the hard drinking and chronically ill boris yeltsin , who died in april , as president .
asked if she would leave the country if the government tried to force her out , bhutto replied , no , i won t go . pakistan is my country .
the authorities expanded the boundaries of the surveillance zone to a kilometer radius of the outbreak site , and they are planning to give orders to conduct extra culling based on test results on livestock within the kilometer radius quarantine zone .
tom harkin is chairman of the senate agriculture committee
he described those who escaped as supporters of leftist insurgents in the region .
the talks began tuesday and could yield some results , including increased u . s . airline flights to china and a lowering of barriers to sales of american energy technology products in china .
this is especially true during the holidays , when family chaos increases and your pet s environment may change from day to day with the arrival of family and friends bearing gifts , holiday food items and exotic plants .
james yee ministered to prisoners at guantanamo bay naval station , where the military is holding suspected muslim terrorists .
i think saturday will be important , put the michigan florida issue behind us , obama said wednesday on a flight from denver , colorado , to chicago , illinois .
omx ranks th with a market turnover of . trillion .
hundreds of millions sold every month , at cents a throw .
the signing in new delhi in the presence of foreign ministers of both countries comes just days after two blasts sparked a fire that killed people on a train from india to pakistan .
during her longer stay in space , williams is expected to break the u . s . record for continuous time in space .
the woman , , was found dead inside a tent at a campground near graceland .
these are pinpricks that they keep doing and we have to manage all of that .
clinton suspended her campaign and endorsed obama for the democratic presidential nomination this month .
but they also want us to have an attitude which i think most americans do , that these are god s children and they must be taken care of .
cross party fire this morning over the president s almost state of the union address .
the horrific end of shuttle mission sts was a devastating blow to the nation s space program
the movie will be true to the spirit of the show and everything mulder and scully went through , he said .
south korea has the most effective education system of the world s richest countries , with japan in second place and the united states and germany near the bottom .
one clinton aide said that both clinton and obama were aware of the issue when he announced her as his choice for secretary of state .
reports of the attacks came as the british ministry of defense announced that two british military helicopters apparently collided and crashed sunday in a rural area on the northern outskirts of baghdad , killing two british troops and injuring four others , one seriously .
twenty four people have died and some , people have been evacuated in different provinces , the ministry of civil affairs said monday .
winehouse received six nominations for next month s grammy awards , including record and song of the year for rehab and best album for back to black .
microsoft up . to . , charts , fortune , which controlled an estimated two thirds of the global server software maker in , has said the product is on track for a debut in the second half of .
but it s worth noting the city is still so cash poor , future recruit training is on hold .
havana , cuba cnn cuba said wednesday that its crucial tourism industry appears to be recovering from a two year slump , with a percent increase in visitors during the first quarter of the year .
the american is believed to have been in iran working for an independent author producer , trying to set up an interview , according to several senior u . s . officials .
the police arrested the suspect , who is , who lived in the same neighborhood as the victim , on charges of murder and rape .
some angry voters wonder whether she ought to dump the democrats and run as an independent .
but a team of doctors sent to the isolated site , hours travel from the state capital of puno , said they found no evidence the meteorite had sickened people , the lima newspaper el comercio reported wednesday .
kim baek jun , lee s legal representative , filed the motion asking the u . s . court not to repatriate kim until other issues were settled there .
slumdog , which opened friday in limited release and goes wide november , may become a sleeper hit .
israel defense minister ehud barak , saying it was a mistake and apologizing to ban ki moon .
more than species of kangaroo exist throughout australia and while a few species are endangered , others have thrived on outback land that has been cultivated for grazing .
the great danger there is the paparazzi . a single slip , photographs changing hands for hundreds of thousands of pounds .
justice minister chris ellison said canberra preferred to communicate directly with the u . s . government in its efforts to have hicks brought to justice quickly rather than write to congress .
zapatero thanked jubilant supporters for handing his party a clear victory in the elections .
the country s electoral commission is trying to lure voters to the polls with discount tickets to parks and museums .
in addition to vitamin d s well known function of increasing calcium absorption and thereby helping encourage healthy bone growth , it has shown promise in helping to prevent certain cancers , heart disease , diabetes , and osteoarthritis .
voters in iowa begin the process of choosing the next u . s . president on thursday with two close nominating races , as a new poll showed democrat barack obama leading john edwards
the democratic republic of north korea is still recovering from a famine in the s that is believed to have killed about a million people and left many children permanently stunted , according to the new york based human rights watch .
the exchange was initiated by the lebanese army after an idf bulldozer crossed the technical fence in an apparent attempt to clear the area between the technical fence and the blue line of mines .
the creature s bunny ears will also stiffen or relax , depending on how it feels in response to a human s touch .
this is a new and significant step toward denuclearization , said state department spokesman sean mccormack .
the kashmiri red deer or hangul , the state animal , has been declared endangered by the world wildlife fund , and only remain alive in protected areas .
spears , , and her ex husband kevin federline , , are battling over custody of their two sons , sean preston , , and jayden james , .
jon , right after the bailout effort collapsed in the senate , the white house indicated it was exploring all options to keep the car companies on the road , and it s now made clear that includes tapping the wall street bailout fund , something it had been resisting .
previously , the earliest fossils of homo sapiens found in africa had been dated to about , to , years , although they were less complete and sometimes poorly dated , white said .
that attack also killed three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter , the us said .
havana , cuba cnn computers went on sale friday for cubans private use , the latest in a series of goods to become available under the communist government s new president .
some time in the next few days , the carl vinson plans to steam up the coast to support a landing exercise by u . s . and south korean marines near the port of pohang , where u . s . troops landed for the korean war .
five military crew and two military passengers were killed .
it carries ethnic koreans back and forth on excursions and is believed to be an important conduit of cash and goods sent by japan s korean community .
musharraf complains that pakistan is being scapegoated for failures inside afghanistan and contends that it has received no evidence that militant leaders like osama bin laden or the taliban s mullah omar are on pakistani soil .
claudio ranieri s chelsea side lost in february to arsenal , but the london club hadn t been beaten at home in the premier league since then
spokesman enrico soekarno of the indonesian society for a free tibet said police moved in on protesters before the relay began after a provocateur who he suspected came from police ranks infiltrated his group and began a scuffle .
what made the simpsons so compelling ?
if you are overweight , losing just percent of your body weight can provide a significant health improvement .
the norwegian government recently promised jammu kashmir s government . billion rupees us . million for a reforestation project , development of grassland and introduction of modern agricultural projects , state finance minister m . h .
ekeli said the smooth fronted caimans are among the world s smallest species of crocodile .
colombia s government says the farc is holding more than hostages , including three u . s . military contractors and former french colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt , whom it is trying to swap for imprisoned rebels .
prosecutors reached this decision after the seoul central district court rejected an arrest warrant the prosecution sought for shin on four criminal charges that include forging private documents and obstruction of justice .
further , jones said the example of her wrong choices and bad decisions would be used to make the lives of many people improve .
microbes that produced methane from hydrogen and carbon dioxide were one of the earliest forms of life on earth , said carl pilcher , director of the nasa astrobiology institute , which partially supported the research .
he also thanked soderbergh , who got up every day , forced me to this . . . . he was there pushing it , and he pushed all of us .
according to hwang ju myung , a lawyer for lone star , the fund is ready for a court battle .
tv footage showed people standing on roofs , and cars overturned .
about people have died in soaring violence in the past month alone .
still , that s the worst showing for the gross domestic product since the recession year of .
britain , however , was experiencing what many said was the worst summer in living memory .
money raised from ticket sales will go to the ahmet ertegun education fund , which provides students with annual scholarships to universities in the united states , uk and ertegun s native turkey .
reviving his desire to play an active role in relations between north and south korea , former president kim dae jung said yesterday that if he were invited to visit pyongyang , he is prepared to discuss a range of issues concerning the korean peninsula .
he is promoting petrocaribe as part of a larger effort to create a regional confederation from argentina to cuba that will help the region counter u . s . influence .
well , a medical examiner says the little girl was killed a length of time between when she was reported missing , and the uncertainty over how she died , could help her mother , casey anthony . we may continue to say she s innocent in the eyes of the law
and don t forget the prestige from being the first on the block with a robot smarter than sony s aibo .
islamabad , pakistan cnn the death toll in the bombing of a political gathering on saturday has risen to with more than people wounded in the attack , according to an associated press report .
the joong ang ilbo reports that , yielding to pressures from environmental groups , the government said yesterday it would reduce the planned percentage of power generation from nuclear plants after .
it turns white and climbs up the screen if the audience reaction is positive , but turns red and burrows down when the voters have a negative reaction .
speaking at the heritage foundation , a conservative washington think tank , rice said that north korea will soon give its declaration of nuclear programs to china .
all flights to yangon , the former capital , were canceled .
eventually , bodies were uncovered in mass graves next to what were thought to be execution sites , the military said .
nayef said no extra security precautions will be put in place for ahmadinejad .
former olympic meters hurdles champion liu xiang could return from injury in time to meet arch rival dayron robles at the world championships in berlin .
the goal is to reduce foreign labor in a country that s heavily dependent on it .
south and north korea had talks for north korea s nuclear issues and south korea s economic support to north .
a date for a hearing to confirm the charges is among the items on monday s agenda .
the government hopes pakistan will be stabilized through peaceful means .
virginity pledges don t mean much , study says
we will continue to work with the appropriate officials to investigate this situation .
but president bush said later that iran needs to come clean on its nuclear program by detailing past actions and future intentions .
the traditional korean style building housing lee s office suite also functions as the samsung group s vip guest house .
last week , the commerce department launched an unscheduled review of the hurricane center after word of the staff s dissatisfaction started to become public .
frankfurt an der oder , germany cnn a german woman convicted of killing eight of her babies must serve the maximum years in prison , a court ruled monday .
burger , from lenoir city , tennessee , was taken to a hospital but was not seriously injured , morse said tuesday .
authorities also found explosives at other locations in and near the city one of india s biggest , reddy said .
he is expected to give evidence at the inquest . under british law , inquests are held when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown causes .
senate majority leader harry reid says , he doesn t think there are enough votes to pass a bailout package .
now , scientists are approaching mammoths in a different way , extracting dna from their dense coats in an effort to learn more about them .
the co pilot on a united airlines flight from miami to buenos aires , struck an unruly passenger on the head after the man forced his way into the plane s cockpit .
moscow , russia cnn former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev said wednesday that u . s . plans to build a missile defense shield in europe are arrogant and threaten to usher in a new cold war .
the most serious concern is the fuel inside the cruise ship , said nikos charalambidis , director of the greek branch of the environmental group greenpeace .
he was wrong about the surge in iraq .
demographically , it s much like dublin a youthful city where half the population is under age .
listen to this from a new ap poll correspondent bryant thomas
eventually , manjhi was issued a birth certificate with just her father s name on it .
police said the plot was foiled by a series of raids by west midlands police throughout central england on january in what the home office called a major counterterrorism operation .
their chartered korean air flight arrived at incheon international airport around a . m . from the unidentified third asian country and they were hustled away to rejoin the first batch of defectors who came in tuesday .
the people s solidarity for participatory democracy on monday requested the prosecution investigate about politicians and business executives for alleged bribery and embezzlement .
however , they did not rule out park leaving the party and running as an independent .
that forced naftogaz to halt gas supplies meant for europe , spokesman ilya savin said , because naftogaz does not have the technical capability to pump the gas remaining in the pipelines on toward europe .
thomas neubert headed in a free kick from david solga corner to put the amateur side ahead .
we will continue to work with our close allies japan and south korea , and partners china and russia , as we urge north korea to deliver a complete and correct declaration of all its nuclear weapons programs and nuclear weapons and proliferation activities and complete the agreed disablement .
medvedev had more harsh words for america , criticizing its support for georgia s barbaric aggression in the recent conflict in south ossetia .
but all speculative at the moment .
and i have lost a dear friend , she said .
in late morning trading monday , yahoo shares shed . , or . percent , to . , below friday s close of . , when investors were still hopeful about a deal .
she said the house had working smoke detectors , ap reported .
inside trinidad , the only scarce water was potable water .
that s not a put down of superbad , by the way .
he has stumps where his legs used to be and hasn t been able to get prosthetics .
eindhoven , netherlands cnn philips electronics nv says it has developed a three dimensional television .
obama said he was outraged by wright s remarks that seemed to suggest the u . s . government might be responsible for the spread of aids in the black community , and his equating of some american wartime efforts with terrorism .
that will be the time , in september , to hear these reports and then make decisions about the way ahead , johndroe said .
to , earmarks , and let s say yes !
the united states keeps , soldiers in south korea .
tsuyoshi will even keep her name .
no one was seriously injured , but several workers were beaten during the melee , she added .
the emphatic victory for rudd s labor party swings australia toward the political left and puts it at odds with key security ally washington on two crucial policy issues iraq and global warming .
in response , doctors stopped giving joan vancomycin , and the bacteria died .
the year old pope suffers from the symptoms of parkinson s disease and has trouble walking .
the giant rat is about five times the size of a typical city rat , said kristofer helgen , a scientist with the smithsonian institution in washington . with no fear of humans , it apparently came into the camp several times during the trip .
i m going to work my heart out for whoever our nominee is . obviously , i m still hoping to be that nominee , but i m going to do everything i can to make sure that anyone who supported me . . . understands what a grave error it would be not to vote for sen . obama .
socialists tried to rally backing for the second round , tapping fears of an all powerful sarko state if the president s camp gets a lopsided majority .
jim benson s ship is called the dream chaser , and here s the dream he s chasing a percent profit margin on revenue of million by from putting tourists into suborbital space .
i am sure kids these days do not understand how it felt to pass out food to protesters who jumped over our school fence to hide , said park so hui , who was in her second year at gyeseong girls high school in .
nairobi , kenya cnn the man chosen to be chief mediator between fighting factions in kenya has withdrawn after reservations were expressed by the kenyan government .
an israeli incursion into southern gaza killed two palestinian men and wounded a woman , palestinian security sources said .
john mccain on wednesday challenged barack obama to join him for a series of town hall debates .
what weighed heaviest on them was not so much the physical exertion , he said , but knowing they had failed to protect all of the structures .
gunmen rampaged through a series of targets in the indian city of mumbai killing indiscriminately and taking hostages at two luxury hotels .
brussels , belgium reuters top climate experts warned on friday that global warming will cause faster and wider damage than previously forecast , ranging from hunger in africa and asia to extinctions and rising ocean levels .
the government announced yesterday that it would adopt the u . s . standard for digital television services in korea , a move that may offer advantages to korean firms .
the revised numbers show the jobless situation was worse than first thought in december and january .
president bush continues to urge patience , but what is needed and what the american people are demanding is a new direction , she said .
we had to work very hard , rooney told associated press .
medullary bone , a type of tissue present in modern birds when they are developing eggs , has been found in three dinosaur fossils , researchers report in monday s online edition of proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
he found the cashier s check and tried twice , unsuccessfully , to deliver it and the cash to where he thought the owner lived .
republicans in the us senate have blocked a vote of no confidence in attorney general alberto gonzales .
let s get the story live from the white house and the ap s mark smith
the ap s ryan lukas reports police say the car blew up after the man drove into a police checkpoint
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
with his projected win , obama will become the nation s th president and its first african american leader .
president bill clinton has left hospital .
if pertussis isn t caught in the first few weeks , the infection may take three months to run its course .
myanmar s military government began allowing aid agencies into the country thursday to respond to the dire needs of those who survived the killer storm but is still being criticized for acting too slow .
india got into the game much later .
microsoft can appeal the decision to the eu s highest court , the european court of justice , within two months .
he said he thought the un envoy , philip alston , might be in a state of denial himself , criticizing him for ignoring evidence of alleged assassinations by communist rebels .
unsurprisingly for a performer who has had run ins with the music establishment in the past , prince referred to the industry as the speculation business .
president bush s troop buildup , or surge , meant to quell the sectarian violence is now in place .
he is a graduate of britain s prestigious royal military academy sandhurst and has been actively seeking the posting in iraq .
the benchmark korea composite stock price index jumped . percent or . points to , . .
koizumi visited the yasukuni shrine , sparking chinese complaints .
they came saturday and asked me how am i and i said , it s awful , it s very , very cold and i m not well , he told wwlp channel .
seven year old ilaf marwan raised her hand , then stood and recited confidently keep your eyes on your enemy and be faster than him .
it took firefighters hours to control the flames and to keep the blaze from spreading to other buildings .
human trials of the device are also planned .
in many cases , she said , their families don t want them and they are shunned by villagers .
the helicopter was flying to kathmandu from the a maoist cantonment in sindhuli , about km east of the capital , dwyer said .
the winner of the most prestigious of the awards , the peace prize , is expected to be announced on friday .
police say cho was the student who killed at least people and wounded others before killing himself tuesday in an engineering classroom building .
pyongyang , north korea cnn a day after releasing details of its long secret nuclear program , north korea on friday destroyed a highly visible tower at a facility where officials now acknowledge they extracted plutonium to build nuclear weapons , according to reports .
it was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager dave dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for .
the korea times reports communist north korea s mouthpiece media is famous for its belligerent criticism of the u . s .
the couple , pursued by photographers , died in a car crash in a paris road tunnel in august .
the blazes have killed three people and left hurt , schwarzenegger said .
investors cheered the fed s decision on tuesday to cut its benchmark interest rate by a half percentage point to . percent , a move aimed at keeping problems in the mortgage market from causing a recession in the u . s . economy a key export market for many asian and european companies .
in a further incident wednesday , three u . s . government officials were seriously injured as militants targeted the international zone in baghdad , a u . s . embassy spokeswoman said .
at the start i was cleaning homes , but i wasn t making much .
she blasts rhythm blues out of its museum piece quaintness .
at the pp headquarters , the mood was somber among the several hundred people who showed up outside the building .
williams , , won an academy award for his role in the film good will hunting .
a reno inventor says he can stretch one gallon of gasoline into two .
there are things that are working .
according to the california department of forestry and fire protection , the buckweed fire burned , acres .
single men turning to surrogates
the iran nuclear issue is a problem and continues to be a problem , bush said .
carbot would like to extract a sample from the frog s remains in hopes of finding dna , but doubts the stone s owner would allow a small hole to be drilled into the chunk of amber .
there hasn t been a murder here in years , said orvin carroll , longtime mayor of alba a town of about people east of dallas .
despite its secular system , turkey has a predominantly muslim population and is ruled by the democratically elected ak party , a movement with islamist roots .
a career diplomat , lee served as ambassador to britain and israel , deputy executive director of the korean peninsula energy development organization kedo , deputy foreign minister and director general of the ministry s trade bureau .
heavy seas prevented divers from getting underneath the capsized vessel .
cnn a severed human foot was found washed up on the shore of an island on the western coast of canada this week , reportedly the fifth detached foot found in the area in the past months , according to police and local media reports .
when police arrived at the to serve the former prime minister with the house arrest warrant , they were told she was not available to sign it , police said .
ironically , the devoutly normal white is the one who is truly messed up .
mark bailey , director of the armagh observatory in northern ireland , said he is also studying what might have hit the earth and driven the dinosaurs to extinction .
brussels , belgium cnn a large cargo plane crashed at the end of a runway and split in two while trying to take off sunday at brussels airport , authorities said .
the gharial , also known as the indian crocodile , was on the verge of extinction in the s , but a government breeding program that has released several hundred into the wild has raised their numbers .
although haiti was spared a direct hit , the civil protection bureau said at least two people were killed and were injured .
if somebody had said to me , did i have a genuine fear that lehman brothers would go bust ? i d say , no i didn t , triesman said .
philadelphia , pennsylvania cnn cathy campbell did a double take and tapped the brakes when she spotted what appeared to be a pointy edged box lying in the road just ahead .
the abductions took to the number of foreigners being held by different armed groups in the lawless southern delta , where the kidnapping of expatriates has become an almost daily occurrence .
there s actually a job opening for that under the big tent .
the advisory panel , appointed by congress , recommended that us security measures and intelligence be stepped up to try to prevent the theft of military technology , in particular .
the area around mahmudiya has been the scene of frequent attacks by insurgents against us troops .
but the washington post said he did not include his lawyer s subsequent clarification that the recusal offer did not include a ban on professional contact .
the three , all women , were first handed to tribal leaders , who took them to an agreed location where officials of the international committee of the red cross picked them up , according to an associated press reporter who witnessed the handover .
the iranian quds force is using lebanese hezbollah essentially as a proxy , as a surrogate , in iraq , brig . gen . kevin bergner said on monday . the specific motivations behind those operations . . . we re still learning about .
tournaments off the schedule include the adt championship , which starts on thursday and closes this year s schedule .
sam alexis woods , daughter of tiger woods and his wife , elin cruz beckham , son of david and victoria beckham
cantor on nbc s today show .
rev . richard chartres said in a statement that such services were not authorized in the church of england and said he would ask the archdeacon of london to investigate .
the last major earthquake there was in and left about people dead .
despite the recent bumper crop of films , however , the statistics for female directors remain dismal .
travelers not familiar with the rules should place all liquids , gels and aerosols in checked baggage
crater of diamonds state park , which opened in , is the world s only diamond producing site open to the public , and visitors can keep the gems they unearth .
he had fled the country by then , but western intelligence agencies also accuse him of involvement in the hijacking of a kuwaiti airliner in and the attempted assassination of a kuwaiti prince .
indian officials say they will now concentrate on the commonwealth games which will be held in new delhi .
saqqara , egypt cnn egyptian archaeologists have uncovered the missing pyramid of a pharaoh and a ceremonial procession road where high priests carried mummified remains of sacred bulls , egypt s antiquities chief said thursday .
major randolph cabangbang , spokesman for an army unit based in davao city , said a rogue faction of the moro islamic liberation front milf was believed to be responsible , based on witness descriptions of two men who left a backpack on the bus and got off .
dell currently the second largest corporate employer in ireland .
i ve learned that no matter what level of job you have , it makes no difference .
asiana airlines , the smaller of korea s two commercial airlines , finally won its quest to begin service to paris , the ministry of transportation announced .
they stripped her naked , bound her hands and legs , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , tied her to a log and set her on fire , kauba said .
the blasts , which the government said injured at least people , were the latest in a series of attacks in algeria this year .
the senior administration official said both iran and the sunni muslim fighters of al qaeda in iraq are considered accelerants of the ongoing fighting , which has claimed more than , american lives since the invasion that toppled iraqi dictator saddam hussein .
the state senate , which as early as next week could hold a trial , if convicted blagojevich will be removed from office .
the government denied sunday the report that afghan security forces and international troops launched an operation to rescue koreans held hostage by taliban militants .
army brig . gen . jeffrey dorko was injured monday when a roadside bomb exploded near his vehicle in baghdad , pentagon sources said .
ac milan s season a classic italian tale of trial , redemption and revenge worthy of the city s famous scala opera house reached an ecstatic finale on wednesday as they captured the european cup for a seventh time with a win over liverpool in athens .
us troops , he said , had enhanced security in iraq but had been let down by the iraqi government .
the u . s . ambassador to sri lanka and his italian counterpart were slightly injured on tuesday when mortars fell near a helipad their helicopter landed on in the country s east , officials said .
dittemore said there was no indication of any impending threats to the vehicle .
police had been investigating the case after a note suggesting suicide was found , but her cell phone and keys were missing , kyodo news agency reported .
thousands of protesters defied daytime curfews in towns and cities on sunday .
the teenage son of wrestling icon hulk hogan was discharged monday from a florida hospital after he slammed his toyota supra into a palm tree in a wreck local police called spectacular .
the late actor who ran away with the dark knight picked up a golden globe nomination
a bit over an hour after it began , the fire was fully contained , according to the fire departments in las vegas and clark county .
before sean connery was tapped to play the british agent on the big screen in s dr .
the council s statement issued late monday questioned the legitimacy of any election held under such circumstances but did not directly call for the runoff , scheduled for friday , to be postponed .
police said the year old man recently broke into the home of the coin collector in dortmund and made off with coins worth , .
he co authored the real space cowboys with ed buckbee , a former nasa public affairs officer and the first executive director of the u . s . space rocket center .
rising co emissions from transportation both road and aviation jeopardize the eu s efforts to cut the amount of greenhouse gases that the region releases .
the number of south korean suicides rose to an all time high of , last year as more people took their own lives amid economic hardship , recording the highest suicide rate among the member countries of the organization of economic cooperation and development oecd .
the report found that britain , along with spain and italy , have some of the highest rates of cocaine abuse in the world .
to win the top oscar and also took home the most trophies , six .
by law , those seeking top government jobs or running for parliament must reveal not only their own service records but those of their children .
hearts went out to year old robert tools when he became the world s first recipient of a battery powered , self contained artificial heart this time last year .
indeed the year old pennsylvanian says he disagrees with obama on lots of things
it is the beginning of pakistan s monsoon season and more rain is forecast for the next few days .
led by king , even mainstream civil rights activists were risking more .
clinton in ohio , texas
a senior official from the kenyan television network said it had been ordered to stop live broadcasts as rioters went on the rampage .
at the end of the tour day , south koreans found there was more than one price system in north korea .
according to the americans , the building collapsed under heavy fire killing four people a suspect , two women and a child .
the sales of marlboros appeared to begin declining in the west bank about a year ago with the introduction of gauloises .
black boxes , if you will
noriega also faces possible prison time in panama , where he is accused of kidnapping , extortion and the murder of political opponents .
the number of soldiers killed will probably hit the psychologically important , mark before the november election . and in the political horse race , he is tied or worse with democratic rival john kerry .
not with a recession deepening and christmas just a week away .
the second o is critical .
at the bottom is a deserted beach pummeled by a spectacular waterfall that arcs from the cliff top straight into the sea .
the coffee chain said the in store training program which will begin at p . m . local time , would foster enthusiasm in its , u . s . employees and improve the quality of drinks made by starbucks baristas .
a ministry official said it is proper to interpret the meeting as a routine diplomatic procedure , given that abe s position is to represent the japanese government .
the one year old media mogul said he was willing to work with the opposition to pass much needed economic reforms .
the city endured the mongol tatar invasion , was an important provincial capital in the tsarist and soviet eras and in finally became the capital of an independent ukraine .
zvonareva became increasingly frustrated and collapsed to the ground in tears when williams broke her in the final set to go up .
tony mokbel , known as fat tony , is being held in an athens jail and australian police said on wednesday they would seek his extradition to complete a nine year minimum jail sentence for trafficking cocaine .
the korean currency closed at . won to the greenback , plunging . won from tuesday s close , as offshore investors scrambled to purchase the greenback after dumping shares on the local market .
the attacks appeared to target ultradns , the company that operates servers managing traffic for web sites ending in org and some other suffixes , experts said .
he didn t have the breakdown in all the trading between the banks .
i m not going to talk about it long because it s hard to talk about , he added .
with sexting and cyber bullying on the rise , florida congresswoman debbie wasserman schultz says the money would develop and support programs to help teens learn how to protect themselves online
the korea times reports that after a minute ceremony that started with a gun salute in horse guards parade by the king s troop , royal horse artillery , roh was guided into the majestic palace with the queen in a procession of open carriages .
according to the mashhad prosecutor , the men committed various crimes , including adultery and murder , jamshidi said .
san francisco mayor gavin newsom told reuters news agency
the government had earlier approved a plan to reopen the old airport , don muang , to operate along with the new international airport , suvarnabhumi , which opened in september but has been hampered by repair work on cracks in the taxiways and runways .
on saturday , the airline said short haul flights had been canceled , and departure boards at the airport showed delays of up to three hours .
but she hasn t ruled out playing against the men .
sharif s return comes amid a political crisis in pakistan , which has been placed under emergency rule weeks before elections .
the message detailed that he has undergone several operations , some of which were unsuccessful , but that his condition has now stabilized .
the economy is still not showing any strength , but at least things aren t getting any worse , and that s a precondition for recovery , said mark vitner , a first union economist .
an effort to send rescuers through the collapsed mine tunnel to attempt an underground rescue was suspended last week , after a new cave in killed three rescuers and injured six others .
just by looking at the book , she felt she was doing something wrong and was afraid of being caught .
boeing said it will cooperate with virgin atlantic on a demonstration of the use of biofuels in commercial jet engines .
a wonderful combination for any movie . wall e is easily the best film of the year so far .
department of defense spokeswoman cynthia smith said force feeding is done in a humane and compassionate manner , using a method that is consistent with procedures used in u . s . federal prisons .
the airline is looking to add long haul destinations to its route network with the addition of the mid sized , long range s , which can easily reach asia and the united states from germany .
i am very proud of all texas lawyers today , she said . if we let them do their job we are going to see the system does work .
the challenge of peaceful coexistence in the face of ethnic , religious , cultural and political differences .
howard is seeking a fifth term in office for his ruling liberal national coalition , but polls suggest a huge victory for labor s kevin rudd .
swedish police , who declined cnn s request for an interview , have advised vilks to abandon his home .
paulson says he ll use every tool available to implement the financial rescue plan , passed into law last week , included an option to have the u . s . government assume control of some banks with huge infusions of cash , that could then be used to free up the frozen capital markets .
that s our strength .
this year , zapatero appears to have overcome concern about a faltering economy and the death on friday of a former socialist town councilman , who was killed in an attack in northern spain which was blamed on basque separatist group eta .
he thought people talking in certain situations could let out ideas from the unconscious in dreams or through slips of the tongue hence the term freudian slip .
a spokesman for british airways told the uk s press association one of their planes was involved .
in july she started posing as the girl , calling herself little raindrop , the newspaper said .
even in europe , german chancellor angela merkel has said her government was in favor of all countries being invited .
at the orlando airport , nowak allegedly disguised herself in a trenchcoat and wig and sprayed pepper spray into shipman s car when she refused to open the door .
animated cartoons depict americans as sharp toothed wolves .
on april , the students detained nine professors for about hours on a stairway of a school building , calling for the university to grant students in the college of health science the right to vote in the students union .
time for larry david to put a seinfeld reunion together
but it sure seems significant when the price of gasoline jumped by that much .
last week , she was photographed with her husband , blake fielder civil , bloodied and bruised after an apparent fight in a london hotel .
chun yung woo , seoul s envoy to the talks , said north korean negotiator kim kye gwan also indicated pyongyang s willingness to declare all aspects of its nuclear program .
this results in sen . clinton obtaining a substantial number of additional pledged delegates , but i also understand that many members of the florida and michigan delegations feel satisfied that the decision was fair , obama said after a campaign event in aberdeen , south dakota .
in mainland china , the benchmark shanghai composite index gained . percent to , . , while singapore s benchmark index bounced back . percent .
if one other planetary system is found , the argument goes , then the universe surely must contain many others .
mohammed ali alabbar , chairman of emaar , said it will be an architectural and engineering masterpiece of concrete , steel and glass . dubai has resisted the usual and has inspired to build a global icon , he said .
the revelation came as lawmakers delved into a fatal salmonella outbreak that s been linked to a peanut plant in georgia .
scientists then wondered
the delay , now almost four weeks long , has sparked local and international concern that mugabe is trying to rig the election .
as a result , fish , shrimp and crabs can be forced to move or die , the consortium web site says .
the people killed ranged in age from months to years old , authorities said at an afternoon news conference .
no one doubts that omega fatty acids help build and maintain brain tissue .
plan in advance what you want to find out , what the question is you re trying to answer , and how much time you re willing to spend on it , he says .
a korean translation of the general s comments was posted on the association s web site yesterday .
nearby , marchers were hoisting a banner reading we miss ching cheong , in reference to the hong kong based correspondent of singapore s straits times newspaper who is now serving five years in prison on conviction for spying .
although hong kong s laws prohibit restrictions on freedom of speech , beijing officials have caused considerable nervousness there since mid february with a series of venomous criticisms of democracy advocates , calling them clowns , idiots and even traitors .
the united nations estimates that between , and , people died as a result of cyclone nargis .
beirut , lebanon cnn labor union members and anti government hezbollah supporters blocked roads with mounds of sand and burning tires wednesday to demand higher salaries for public workers , protests that paralyzed the airport and much of the capital .
her mother reported her missing on december , and told the sheriff s department that she was very suspicious that something bad may have happened to her daughter , the department said in a news release .
missed last year s grasscourt season with a hip injury but was a wimbledon quarterfinalist two years ago .
when you think of korea , and food , you think of kimchi , said rafael delgado , a peruvian who toured the museum on a recent afternoon .
all the uncertainty has treasury secretary hank paulson , talking about the government maybe buying into more banks .
who triumphed in the team sprint , along with jamie staff and jason kenny , and won the keirin and the individual sprint at the laoshan velodrome in beijing .
the opportunity to serve chinese residents with local currency products and services is a truly defining moment in the long history of our business in china , lee ah boon , vice chairman of citibank china co . , said in a statement .
kim , who was in exile at the time and leading a campaign against park , previously said he believed the abductors planned to throw him overboard .
the state supreme court gave the governor a big victory when it turned down the attorney general s request to declare blagojevich unfit to serve .
the boy s small size is probably the reason he didn t trip the zoo s security system , which relies on sensors to detect intruders , neindorf said .
a declassified summary of a national intelligence estimate released by the u . s . government on monday said iran had stopped working toward a nuclear weapon in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until at least .
they are expected to remain in the region for a week and map out the heavily affected areas that have been inaccessible to aid organizations until now .
police fired tear gas down dirt alleyways and gunshots into the air .
ppp senator mian raza rabbani said coalition options would be discussed with sharif but the ppp will not talk to musharraf s parliamentary allies .
obama may also be sizing some of them up for treasury secretary .
despite the controversy , deng who died at the age of is still officially revered for his contributions to china s development into one of the world s most powerful economies
one of only such odd days this century
if it wasn t for what the jews brought to christianity , there would be no christianity , christofaro said .
now , illinois governor rod blagojevich has up to minutes in front of the state senate to try to save his job today .
the wine business is still relatively small , especially considering india s population of . billion .
an investigation by texas and new mexico health authorities and the indian health service tied those cases to uncooked large tomatoes .
along with overloading power lines and disrupting satellite communications , the eruptions can endanger astronauts on spacewalks .
london , england reuters britain on monday made an official request to russia to extradite the man suspected of killing ex kgb agent alexander litvinenko with radioactive polonium , deepening a rift between the former cold war foes .
both denied that they had intercourse .
widows or widowers will be allowed to inherit half of the properties left by their dead spouses starting next year , according to the ministry of justice on sunday .
that rule was changed last year , and now the bob hope stamp is being unveiled today , five years after his passing .
the salaries or the wages that they re making are just so , so little that they cannot afford basic rent or can t afford to buy a home .
a man strums an electric guitar while another musician blows on a buffalo horn converted into an instrument .
boston topped philadelphia last night , cleveland routed toronto .
these latest numbers indicate that may be a close call .
afghan president hamid karzai has pledged not to swap prisoners for hostages after being heavily criticized for releasing five taliban from jail in march in exchange for an italian reporter .
there are almost . billion in unclaimed tax refunds from , and you may still be able to get some of that money .
hermes investment expressed regret for the korean prosecution s indictment through a statement , reaffirming that it is innocent .
peter ustinov , from death on the nile
however , the outrage in turkey toward the pkk has been boiling over .
cars were backed up on many roads as police struggled to stop some protesters from approaching the presidential office of chong wa dae , which is only a few kilometers away from seoul city hall .
more than palestinians have died since the latest round of hamas fatah fighting broke out sunday in gaza .
year old nadal , whose match streak on clay was ended by roger federer in the hamburg final earlier this month , slowed down a bit after an early break but did enough to stay in control until he earned three match points .
making a public service announcement against drinking and driving would be a good move for hilton , said david brokaw , a longtime hollywood publicist .
judiciary spokesman alireza jamshidi on tuesday told reporters about the stonings , which took place in the northeastern city of mashhad about days ago , the reports said .
lee sang hee , a former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , has been nominated as defense minister , while lee youn ho , vice chairman of the federation of korean industries fki , a conglomerate lobbying arm , has been nominated as the first head of the ministry of knowledge based economy .
the audience responded with applause .
there is a clear unity in the alliance that the mission in afghanistan must succeed , appathurai said .
their biting humor is something to which many in their audience can relate .
a taste for wine is now a sign of sophistication among indians who have grown wealthy as the economy has boomed , and scores of wineries have opened in recent years to quench their thirst .
muscat s lush palm and eucalyptus groves were blown over along with telephone and power lines .
the defense ministry could not immediately confirm the report .
the suspect , in his early s , was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane , interfax reported .
the commerce department reports retail sales took an unexpected drop last month tenths of one percent that s triggered a sharp drop on the stock market with the dow down more than points in early going .
he said monthly revenue from oil sales is about billion .
cristiano ronaldo was crowned fifa s world player of the year in zurich on monday as manchester united s star winger completed a stunning trophy collection .
wednesday s give and take on the house floor showed how far apart the two sides are .
the ap stylebook doesn t have an entry for transgender , but does address the issue in part under sex changes
our hope is that president abbas and prime minister salam fayyad who s a good fellow will be strengthened to the point where they can lead the palestinians in a different direction , bush said .
hiller was ushered out of hedgesville high school on tuesday after shouting his disagreement with bush s comments about the war in iraq war and the search for weapons of mass destruction .
fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , claims the couple were the targets of a conspiracy directed by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii .
lousy economy get generating a less than a lackluster holiday shopping season
cnn former first lady nancy reagan was taken to a suburban los angeles hospital as a precaution sunday after a fall at her home , an aide said .
the truth of china s northeastern project ?
it can also tell a doctor so the doctor can stop the surgery .
the u . s . military has sent naval craft from okinawa and hawaii to assist the philippines in relief and search and rescue efforts .
the fbi arrested bonvillain when another company associate agreed to pay him . million , wired him , and arranged to meet him .
we are above all south south americans . . . and we should put all efforts into creating the great homeland that is south america , he told presidents from the region in a speech decrying what he said was the u . s . colonialism of the north .
time warner cable reportedly has about million subscribers and is a major presence in the new york city market .
new jersey lawmakers are demonstrating sound judgment in abandoning capital punishment after learning of its costs , the pain it causes victims families , and the risks the death penalty poses to innocent lives .
the plant , about km miles north of pyongyang , is thought to be in a heavily guarded area defended by anti aircraft positions , and the compound houses over buildings .
china , india , russia and cuba were among the countries that voted against the resolution .
, to whom he reportedly gave a hug , which is an arab tradition .
don t be attracted to easy paths because the paths that make your feet bleed are the only way to get ahead in life .
anderson , , has been previously married to singer kid rock and motley crue drummer tommy lee .
stressing that the incumbent administration has been successful in narrowing the gap , he said the policy for balanced regional development could be stopped after his term ends next february .
iran insists its enrichment activities are intended only for peaceful civilian purposes , but the u . s . , the european union and others suspect its real aim is to make atomic weapons . enriched uranium can be used as fuel for nuclear energy or nuclear weapons .
chirac held his final cabinet meeting wednesday .
meanwhile , there was an overwhelming outpouring of grief and sorrow , wednesday , when the cambodian government officially announced the death of the passengers .
how do you fix the world s most expensive health care system ?
we deplore the decision of the british government to knight him . this we feel is insensitive and we would convey our sentiments to the british government .
the next generation spacecraft , the orion capsule , won t be ready for manned flight until march .
a little international tension here
the nation s mobile operators are reluctant to market dmb enabled handsets and terminals in the absence of a clear profit revenue model for them .
but the wounds were not life threatening , he added .
we re doing experimental surgery on a live patient .
in egypt , where bread is up percent and cooking oil percent , the government recently proposed ending food subsidies and replacing them with cash payouts to the needy .
he was correct to produce the red card .
from citadel broadcasting s wabc am in new york and syndicated by abc radio network and simulcast on rfd tv .
rowling s much anticipated seventh and final book harry potter and the deathly hallows arrives july .
i still hope that i ll get them by the end of my mandate in december , u . n . chief prosecutor carla del ponte told a group of srebrenica mothers , who accused her of not doing enough to apprehend the two men .
cupertino calif . based apple will own all trademarks related to apple under the deal and will license some of those trademarks to apple corps .
his comments came on korea s national holiday commemorating the independence movement against japan s colonial rule here from to .
the small rains that normally allow ethiopian farmers to plant a second crop each year did not come this year , adding to an already critical food shortage .
cnn fashion designer liz claiborne died tuesday , the company she founded said wednesday .
he expressed serious u . s . concerns on the intelligence being picked up of an impending taliban and al qaeda spring offensive against allied forces in afghanistan , the statement said .
according to a bhutto adviser , the move could pave the way for mrs . bhutto s unhindered return to pakistan and free and fair elections .
but because the accident occured where three highways converge , authorities said it could cause commuting problems for hundreds of thousands of people .
the navy team divers and a five member crew are using above ground oxygen tanks so they can spend longer underwater .
the prices are reasonable , it is less crowded with tourists , museums abound and it offers wonderful cuisine , with an emphasis on seafood and the local specialty , pesto .
for the first time in franchise history , the cardinals are going to the super bowl .
he was elected to the house of representatives in and represented a conservative district in the atlanta suburbs for four terms .
the suspect had been a regular customer at the bank for the past year , giving the name carlos hector flomenbaum from argentina .
former secret service deputy director danny spriggs says just the size of the crowd presents a daunting task
reyes , who was a member of the seven man farc leadership council known as the general secretariat , played a key mediation role in their release .
fiamoncini said many of the injured remained in serious condition and that rescue workers were looking for other victims .
people killed in a day by suicide bombers in iraq .
the selling pressure is mostly driven by the u . s . sell off , which is prompting fund managers to unwind global positions , said derek lam , trader at fubon securities .
not long ago , cremation was a fairly uncommon practice in korea .
the new facility will cost billion by the time it opens .
he and hal , a theater director , researched the dangerous book over six months in a garden shed , rediscovering the lost childhood arts of secret codes and water bombs and building simple batteries and pinhole projectors .
the public prosecutor had asked for a life sentence for the accused s role in the genocide , in which some , ethnic tutsis and moderate hutus were slaughtered in rwanda .
president hu jintao ordered an immediate inquiry .
you like to be able to have that easy win , where you can just enjoy the th quarter and pour the gatorade on coach earley and celebrate .
baghdad , iraq cnn the security convoy that on tuesday fired on a car in iraq s capital , killing two iraqi women , was an australian firm , iraq s interior ministry said .
war with north korea , bush told his aides , was out of the question .
by the end of the study , participants had developed alzheimer s or other dementia conditions .
but suspicion inevitably fell on islamic militants who have repeatedly targeted top pakistani officials , including president gen . pervez musharraf , for supporting the u . s . led war on terror .
without those sequences , there would be nothing there but a movie cannot exist on rollick alone not by the second sequel anyway .
and iraq s interior ministry said civilian deaths caused by war related violence in iraq dropped for a third straight month in november .
with a more than percent level of confidence , the scientists in the draft report say man made global warming over the last three decades has had a discernible influence on many physical and biological systems .
earthquakes of . and over happen approximately times a year , said john bellini of the usgs .
fiat said in a statement friday that casting gere for the ad had not been a political choice and was not driven by the desire to interfere with the internal political system of any country .
the bush administration has launched a significant escalation of covert operations in iran , sending u . s . commandos to spy on the country s nuclear facilities and undermine the islamic republic s government , journalist seymour hersh said sunday .
krugman won the nobel for his analysis of how economies of scale can affect trade patterns and the location of economic activity .
counterterrorism officials say signs point to let , and they haven t seen anything to rule it out . however , they have not definitively said the group is responsible .
like the droplet , the boxfish s face is small in proportion to its overall length , and its streamlined surfaces encourage air to move over it without creating the turbulence that robs aerodynamic efficiency .
and her approach worked best .
hong became the shortest serving ambassador to the u . s . in history , spending only about five months in the position since appointed by roh on feb .
slogans are being chanted in germany that remind us of the years world war two .
add grams of plant stanols and sterols to your daily diet
it is clear that isolation from urban pressures and pollution , clean mountain air , daily hard work , moderate diets , good genes , and a youthful approach to life all contribute to the health and remarkable long life of all these people .
in a separate rally in the lebanese capital , supporters of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri gathered to mark the third anniversary of his assassination in a massive car bomb attack .
the euro rose because inflation overseas will likely muffle calls for the european central bank to lower its interest rate from four percent .
with that in mind , his team has developed a treadmill desk that lets you walk while you work , and it has already been tested in real workplaces .
police arrived to find the dentist lying on the lobby floor and his bride screaming , they said .
al lahim said the man tried to blame his client for insisting on meeting him that day .
the other russia also chose kasparov to be one of three candidates to head the coalition s list in parliamentary elections in december .
we need to reinforce democratic verification for the constitutional court justices , song claimed .
a draft copy of the report concludes that the world s climate can be stabilized at a reasonable cost , as long as nations act now .
they can suffer simple forms of many emotions we once thought only primates could experience .
with the announcement , richardson becomes the third former presidential rival to join obama s team .
the assault on the rats of , acre rat island could begin as early as next october .
beijing , china cnn the death toll rose to people in the flooding in southern china , according to the china news agency . the flooding that started last weekend , adds to the misery of a country still counting its losses after last month s devastating earthquake .
but relations have warmed considerably in recent years as the two asian giants have boosted trade and economic ties .
according to reuters , video footage showed shoppers dashing for cover past a line of burning cars on a narrow street leading to the government office .
the music has always been the successful aspect on my career and that means that , to me , i can always still stay very focused on music .
many korean scribes and scientists have traced the history of kimchi or studied its invigorating impact on the body , said curator kim joo hee .
i ve always wanted to do it since i started golf .
spokesman for palestinian president mahmoud abbas says the government is firmly opposed to israel s actions .
bell clanging on wall street
for the second time in three days , sen . hillary clinton told reporters that the pledged delegates awarded based on vote totals in their state are not bound to abide by election results .
but instead of the large green crystals in superman comics , the real thing is a white , powdery substance which contains no fluorine and is non radioactive .
residents gave birth to babies in september , compared with in september .
tamba teh said he was among about civilians captured by rebels in april in the diamond mining district of kono .
under a proposal issued earlier this month , the government suggested paring the weeklong may break to one day and making three new one day holidays out of traditional celebrations including grave sweeping day , the dragon boat festival and the mid autumn festival .
the fta team , under the direct control of chong wa dae , is busy preparing materials to help the people better understand what it believes to be benefits of the deal .
khan told reporters in islamabad that the military had rescued about , people .
amid the finger pointing , at least five european countries and turkey told cnn they were suffering a reduction or cut in natural gas coming from russia via ukraine .
george clooney suffered a broken rib and some scrapes on friday when the motorcycle he and a friend were riding collided with a car as the actor tried to pass the other vehicle , authorities said .
vida is disappointed but he gave the referee no option .
the accused did not face the death penalty , which is not allowed under serbian law .
the constitution stipulates that the president serve only one term .
people don t report it because they are worried that the agency will stop working here , and we need them , a teenage boy in southern sudan told save the children .
we pose with giant tortoises that ignore our presence , and we try not to disturb the marine iguanas sunning themselves on the rocks .
the genius of the master metalworkers of florence had caught up with their work at last and intervention was required to save them .
indian prime minister manmohan singh , who also met victims at the hospital tuesday , said the best way to honor them was to remain steadfast in our commitment to normalized relations between our two countries .
many of the relatives greeting rojas and gonzalez wore t shirts reading liberty for everyone ! a reference to the several hundred remaining hostages .
an israeli archaeologist has discovered what he says is the earliest known hebrew text , found on a shard of pottery that dates to the time of king david from the old testament , about , years ago .
controlled studies conducted over three decades have shown that children s behavior can be worsened by some artificial dyes , says the center for science in the public interest .
helmand is the world s largest opium producing province and the scene of fierce clashes between militants and afghan and foreign troops .
officials from the u . s . entertainment giant recently visited city hall in central seoul for a workshop with related city officials to discuss details of the plan .
last year , a nepali climber claimed the world s highest display of nudity when he disrobed for several minutes while standing on the , foot summit with the temperature about degrees fahrenheit .
we didn t see that before when oprah had chosen other titles , before she dissolved her club .
at the end of the day , flight controllers on the ground planned to give the rotating joint a small test by moving it degrees .
associated press correspondent sauger magoni on capitol hill .
it threatened phased industrial action starting may that will culminate in a full strike if negotiations with the korean government and the usfk produce no satisfactory results .
the disks contained details on . million families in britain claiming child benefit a tax free monthly payment available to everyone with children .
they want people to be self sufficient , they also want people to look and leave .
japan s parliament has passed a bill that sets out steps for holding a referendum on revising the country s pacifist constitution .
a strong cold front and scattered thunderstorms moved through the region , including one that prompted a tornado warning for fort lauderdale , the national weather service reported .
jeremy dear , the general secretary of the national union of journalists nuj , said they must withdraw these plans , agree to a framework for negotiations or face the potential of strike action .
both stars made more apologies to sachs today and yesterday .
instructors say one benefit of adaptive classes is that more than one or two people in the group are doing something differently .
leaders of the g nations have agreed to seek substantial cuts in emissions in an effort to tackle climate change .
the torrent will flow for three days from the glen canyon dam on the arizona utah state line .
the britons in fact suggested that i collect any information that could compromise president putin and members of his family .
there is the phenomenon of talibanization and other forms of extremism , he said .
the two sides also agreed to dispatch a battalion of soldiers to lebanon on a peacekeeping mission , as well as to extend the presence of medical and engineering units in afghanistan for another year .
try to resist the urge to nap .
well , tim , the obamas left about minutes ago , background noise
milan , italy reuters a milan judge has ordered citigroup , ubs , morgan stanley and deutsche bank to stand trial for alleged market rigging in connection with dairy firm parmalat s collapse , judicial sources say .
former sen . john edwards has the support of percent .
a marine asked what he wanted .
the obama administration is announcing details of a program to help as many as million americans refinance and stay in their homes , and a separate presidential plan is coming out this hour to cut down on wasteful spending on government contracts .
he is expecting to become a grandfather this autumn .
the film , directed by comedian shim hyung rae , drew the largest number of viewers in the domestic movie history with . million over five days last august .
so wireless access to the same content you can get from the cinema , the tv and the internet is coming thick and fast this year .
we re facing the perfect storm , california gov . arnold schwarzenegger said tuesday morning . we have very strong winds , low humidity and the heat .
japan s chief cabinet secretary says tokyo expressed its concern to beijing . this is the latest salvo in a long running dispute between japan and china over oil and gas resources in the east china sea .
however , the exact amount of money was not revealed .
produced by uk firm cutecircuit , the m dress works with a standard sim card .
thousands of people fled their homes in indonesia , malaysia , thailand , india and sri lanka areas still recovering from the deadly tsunami in december .
chicago experienced a decline in homicides last year , but murders of young people , ages to , rose to record levels .
to discourage people from taking off with the steins , you ll pay a deposit that will be refunded when you return the glass .
in recent months there have been a series of suicide bombings in rawalpindi , a city where the army has its headquarters about seven miles km from the capital islamabad .
the white house says president bush is working the phones , looking for votes from lawmakers today .
in areas where the official government estimate listed just hundreds dead , villagers told perry there were in fact thousands with many bodies still unrecovered .
a method of cultivating plants in water instead of soil to bring farming into cities , where consumers are concentrated .
according to the filing , which was first reported by the miami herald on its web site tuesday night , shaquille o neal is asking shaunie o neal to provide a correct accounting of all money , funds , stocks , bonds , and other securities that she had access to or obtained during the marriage .
for families with young children , disney s nurseries , flounder s reef , take infants as young as weeks old and toddlers up to .
russia s nikolay davydenko has been picked as one replacement player at kooyong , with another to be named later .
cnn s rome bureau chief alessio vinci said it was quite extraordinary for the pope to cancel the visit just because of the objections of the students and professors .
portugal s socialist government started drafting legislation monday that would allow women to choose an abortion up to the th week of pregnancy , saying voters supported its plans to reduce restrictions despite a low turnout in a referendum on the issue .
emotions have run high against the u . s . military mostly located on the japanese island of okinawa after the arrest of a u . s . marine in the alleged rape of a year old japanese girl as well as allegations that a u . s . army employee raped a filipino woman .
in the past , lebanese defense minister elias murr has said he wants al absi dead or alive .
the business capital sao paulo , where heavy rains monday forced authorities to close the country s busiest airport for hours , causing a ripple effect of disruptions at other airports .
i know the cherished place the kennedy family holds in the hearts of the american people .
maradona was taken to a buenos aires clinic on april complaining of abdominal pain , just hours after being released from days of treatment .
the talks , which began on monday , had been extended into thursday after north korea said it wanted the macau bank issue resolved first .
sen . obama took a question from a voter asking whether there will ever be reparations to african americans for slavery .
violence has risen sharply in afghanistan in the last two months .
recent polls said the ongoing probe has begun to erode lee s popularity .
the consumer confidence index plunged to its lowest in four years .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
mantovani is seeking million in damages from each woman , bernini said .
the united states probably would be responsible for fewer than , of the training spots , while u . s . officials hope european nations will provide the rest .
reinado , the australian trained former head of east timor s military police joined the revolt and became its leader .
the prison director for tamaulipas state , manuel del riego , said clint hough of austin , texas , is the first foreign businessman to accept the state s offer of its inmates services .
the screen then dissolves to a colorful o that resembles an apple logo , with the internet address barackobama . com beneath .
mca president ong ka ting called for an emergency party meeting wednesday to discuss the scandal , which is already providing political ammunition for opposition groups that often raise allegations of government immorality and misconduct .
stealth technology used on the f was developed in the s to help evade enemy radar .
she and a friend saw a child that they immediately took to be madeleine , said mitchell . they actually called out her name .
cnn has previously reported that chief of staff josh bolten told senior white house staffers that unless they could commit to staying until president bush leaves office in january , they should leave by labor day .
can capitalize on these favorable conditions .
mayor michael bloomberg was pleased that negotiations would continue and hoped that a strike would be averted , spokesman ed skyler said .
south and north korea have held high level meetings since , but they have been suspended for seven months amid chilled relations following north korea s missile launches in july and nuclear test in october .
beckham has joined milan for three months from los angeles galaxy and hopes that his italian job will help him reclaim a place in fabio capello s england squad .
because of the close margin , they will face a run off on may .
two previous efforts either failed in the senate or were vetoed by president bush .
one monument was built at a spot where kim s faithful wife , kim jong suk , had to give up the rest of her hike and head down the valley to prepare lunch for the great leader .
the prosecution plans to bring charges against u . s . investment fund lone star this month of stock manipulation and collaboration with korean policymakers to buy korea exchange bank keb in late .
the president elect was cleared of charges that he took part in the rigging of bbk stock prices , leaving kim to face the music alone .
kia motors of korea demonstrated its intent to become a major player with the unveiling of its rio hybrid saloon at geneva .
that trend has devastated yahoo s stock , which has plunged by nearly percent since the end of .
time to update that old saying cold hands , warm heart .
again for the information , and she gave her correct name and date of birth , authorities said .
horst koehler , a former head of the international monetary fund who has called for bolder economic reforms in germany , was elected sunday as the country s ninth postwar president .
a legendary workhorse of the transit system until the model was put out to pasture in , the r is temporarily back in action as part of new york city transit s holiday nostalgia train on sundays in december .
israeli and palestinian negotiators have been trying to produce a joint document agreeing a framework for the november summit .
president bush has said the resolution is the wrong response to the armenian deaths , but house speaker nancy pelosi said the measure s timing was important because many of the survivors are very old .
deutsche telekom s exit comes just weeks after adidas announced it would end its sponsorship of the team , and is a further blow to cycling , which has suffered a series of doping scandals .
haas , playing in his first tournament since wimbledon , where he withdrew with a torn stomach muscle , jumped out to a lead in the first set and a advantage in the second .
the u . n . secretary general met with oil minister ali al naimi in the port city of jiddah during a one day trip to the world s largest oil producer .
as of today russia has new missiles that are capable of overcoming any existing or future missile defense systems , itar tass quoted first deputy prime minister sergei ivanov as saying .
this is lead author ian ayres explaining the findings on kabc tv .
but the mudslinging , void of any sound policy competition , has only invited cynicism and criticism from the public , who expected a positive turn in this election campaign with so many younger candidates .
alexander pichushkin , , has confessed to killing at least people , with the goal of marking all squares on the chessboard .
since then , billion guaranteed by the government with public money has been pumped into the bank to keep it afloat .
the time for concern is when a single crying jag lasts more than an hour .
mahmoud abbas , the west bank based palestinian authority president who lost control of gaza to hamas last year , called on israel to end its blockade of gaza immediately and allow the entry of fuel to facilitate the lives of the innocent .
it is not unusual for bottlenose dolphins and harbor porpoise to be found in coastal and river regions
thanks to the guatemalan people for making this civic holiday such a marvelous day .
viewers will be able to vote for a candidate via sms text message , but the final determination will be lisa s , bnn said .
there were reports of minute lines in counties around richmond , she said .
milan , the six times european cup winners , became the first team to beat bayern in a european game at the allianz arena .
top seed serbian ana ivanovic won the pacific life open wta title in indian wells on sunday with a victory over second seeded russian svetlana kuznetsova .
. office assistants
he was of from the line in the period as the spurs turned a one point lead into a double digit victory by making of free throws .
korea s largest medical doctors lobbying group gave tens of millions of won to lawmakers to scuttle a proposed medical law revision , according to a recorded conversation among its leaders .
although there were a number of bystanders , nobody helped the north koreans and the attackers escaped .
we had no falling out , no fight . we were really good friends , says schumacher .
but monsieur sarkozy , determined to bury the image of the president bling bling in shades and chunky watches amid the pomp and pageantry the british do so well , scored his own success too with a fiery speech to lawmakers calling not just for entente cordiale but for a new fraternite or brotherhood between the two nations .
the islands , called dokdo in south korea and takeshima in japan , sit in rich fishing grounds . they may also contain extensive deposits of gas .
narrowing its year to date loss , after the institute of supply management said its factory activity index snapped an month slump .
officials hope tapping into that fan base will lead to a bigger flow of tourists into japan and push the country closer to the goal of attracting million overseas visitors every year under the visit japan campaign .
fifty of the children were reported to have died .
the contract is also supposed to show that lee is a legitimate owner of the das fund .
every saturday i had a show , recruiting all the kids in the block as either stagehands , actors and audience , or sometimes all three , he wrote in his autobiography .
responding to their report , secretary of state condoleezza rice said it made clear iraq s security had improved , but that iran was a troublesome neighbor .
usher is slated to release the follow up to s confessions , which sold million copies in the united states , later this year .
the agency says that the east coast drought is a continuing event .
the illinois democrat s comments come after clinton thursday questioned his record of standing up to special interests .
seoul prosecutors have questioned researchers who worked with disgraced scientist hwang woo suk .
it brought the current total to . billion , just slightly shy of the billion target the government set for the full year and almost two thirds of the surplus for all of . the korea herald reports the nation has nearly achieved its trade surplus in just four months , with exports of mobile phones , cars and semiconductors setting a record pace , according to government data yesterday .
the price of a basic first class stamp is up cents , to cents , and several other rates are higher , too .
now , u . s . intelligence officials say al qaeda has established a safe haven in waziristan , just over the border into pakistan , and that osama bin laden is believed to be in the area .
however , there are about students for every multimedia computer .
the and titans are still the only undefeated team in the naf in the nfl , that is , but the super bowl champion giants are still and .
the previous trading high was . a barrel , set friday .
communist china has punished more than , officials in the first eight months of this year on corruption charges , according to official state news agency xinhua .
conservative nicolas sarkozy has won the hotly contested french presidential election , according to early results .
pakistan police wednesday released jailed pakistani opposition party leader imran khan , who had been on a hunger strike , police sources said .
kim is leading the member north korean delegation , which arrived in seoul to participate in a joint celebration of the th anniversary of korea s liberation from despotic japanese colonial rule .
now it is a seed upon the wind , taking root in many nations .
baltimore , maryland cnn a two month old dolphin calf at the national aquarium is being nursed by three females , the aquarium announced .
nicolas sarkozy , the main candidate on the right proposing tax cuts and labor reforms as remedies for france s sluggish economy still emerged as the narrow winner in the sounding of people by pollsters csa . the survey gave no margin of error .
haq said the united nations , which has peacekeeping troops in the darfur region , will work to assure sudan and chad carry out the terms of thursday s deal .
selling hair on the internet is just one of those unusual methods .
the north korean leader said on monday that the u . s . president had turned a peaceful world into a pandemonium unprecedented in history and called bush a political imbecile .
a few years ago she was trying to help chrysler executives reduce options on cars , thereby lowering costs .
rigzin said his group is acting independently of the government or the dalai lama .
with the series conclusion just three episodes away on june , this week s victim was christopher moltisanti , nephew of new jersey mob boss tony soprano and , until lately , tony s presumed successor .
burma s ruling generals need to prepare for a transition of power involving opposition activists and international mediators , the us envoy to the un says .
and for the third time this season .
but the main opposition democrat party and two other parties have said they will boycott the poll .
johnny ray conner is due to die by lethal injection for the shooting of a grocery store clerk in .
jeffs , , has been president of the flds church since .
the union made its decision after taking into account the negative response from the korean people as well as the union members , the release said .
this followed a . percent slump last week its biggest weekly decline in nearly a decade .
apple this morning says it s not a recurrence of pancreatic cancer , but a hormone imbalance .
president roh moo hyun will preside over the meeting .
equity markets went on another roller coaster ride thursday , wrote michael sheldon , chief market strategist at spencer clarke , in a note to cnnmoney . however , stocks erased almost all of their losses and finished the session with only minor losses as financial stocks rebounded late in the day .
federal prosecutor monika harms said the three had trained at camps in pakistan and procured some kg , lbs of chemicals for explosives .
equus , directed by thea sharrock , opens at london s gielgud theater on february .
the sabhnanis , who have four children and operate a worldwide perfume business out of their muttontown home on long island s gold coast , could face up to years in prison , although attorneys predicted the punishment would be considerably
she passionately expressed her support for barack obama during the presidential campaign , the first time the self described pacifist has taken sides in party politics .
domenech had not selected trezeguet since the home loss to scotland in european championship qualifying .
madrid , spain cnn dozens of migrants trying to reach europe spent three weeks at sea off west africa s coast and threw nearly bodies overboard after their vessel lost power and supplies dwindled , officials said tuesday .
the dow jones industrial average now up more than points , nasdaq ahead .
it was a deployment of violence , the rev . jose conrado rodriguez , the church s priest , said by telephone .
vitamin d is becoming an increasingly important player in a healthful diet .
i think that harry s story comes to quite a clear end in book seven , she told the bbc at the weekend .
the members of this security company wounded an innocent woman and they tried to escape the scene , but iraq forces arrested them , al moussawi told the associated press .
mike stone said in a telephone interview with the associated press on friday that he had been under the impression that the hog was wild , not farm raised .
it s not just the big three automakers that are hurting .
the other animals walked out with him , said amsterdam police spokesman rob van der veen .
helsinki , finland cnn an year old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said .
president joe biden says louisiana governor bobby jindal was too negative in the republican response to barack obama s speech too negative when he called the president s economic performance irresponsible
riddles , an omni employee , was screaming and crying and holding on to her hair close to her head with both hands , williams said . read more witness accounts
the democrats say more must be withdrawn .
the agency said it expected results on the more dangerous h n strain to take at least two days .
hundreds of people swarmed the residence of former chief justice iftikhar chaudhry through a gap in the concertina wire fence surrounding it , hoping to see him walk free following four months under house arrest .
cnn the group controlling internet domain names may soon decide whether to relax naming rules and potentially open up a virtual domain name gold rush .
before a rally in new hampshire this morning , john mccain told imus in the morning , he knows he s down on the polls but added there s still time to turn the race around
the monday afternoon quake s epicenter was in the county of wenchuan , sichuan province , about , km miles southwest of beijing .
candidates have also publicized rumors about their rivals acceptance of illegal campaign funds and misconduct , often without checking out the truth .
the us justice department said chung , a naturalised us citizen , worked in the aerospace industry for about years mostly at rockwell international and boeing on the space shuttle program .
last summer , in one of the first democratic events of its kind , the party s leading presidential candidates discussed their faith and how it has spared their policy positions in a forum co sponsored by cnn .
the papers also describe methods to fund terrorists and address the potential fraud of commercial web sites and international internet payment systems .
for the past seven months , she s been meditating daily .
gas row flares as supplies to europe cut
the voluntary recall covers certain sony . ah lithium ion cell batteries made in japan .
radcliffe s tight victories in and , the world record holder pulled away from ludmila petrova in the th kilometer to win comfortably in two hours , minutes , seconds .
he also stated the economic downturn had improved the prospects of the resort
korea has been often criticized for being too stingy in its spending to help poorer countries .
at stake are delegates to august s democratic national convention in denver , colorado .
hill is the most senior u . s . official to visit pyongyang since , when his predecessor , james kelly , confronted the north koreans with information the united states had about its covert uranium enrichment program .
authorities were concerned that the lake could burst its banks or that another aftershock or earthquake could rupture the earthen dam and cause a sudden flood of water on the communities downstream .
granier accused chavez of being afraid of free thought , of opinion , of criticism .
i m going to lose a limb , that was my first thought , whitehurst told australian television .
colonel hussein tamar , director of iraq s border guard command in the northern kurdish province of dahuk , told reuters that villages near the border were hit but nobody was hurt .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
police fired tear gas and shots into the air friday , but failed to disperse several thousand villagers who broke into and ransacked the mayor s office in the southwestern , floodwater ringed southwestern city of turbat .
gm said it needs billion before the end of the year .
islamic tradition bans depictions of the prophet .
fernandez says the tax is justified and has accused the striking farmers of extortion .
they must stop these dangerous acts immediately .
and now , the ceo says the company has agreed to shut it down .
israeli troops reoccupied bethlehem s streets for two months this summer and again three weeks ago , imposing curfews to clear the streets except for a few hours every fourth day .
it was fined , with , costs over the july th shooting .
at the world cup in , his south korea team beat spain on penalties in the quarterfinal on its way to a fourth place finish that shocked football .
research triangle institute international spokesman patrick gibbons said no rti staff members were involved or present when the incident occurred .
his bravura saved him from the matador s deadly final sword , and the stud was sent back to the pasture , to get busy with the cows .
more than ever , our objective is to bring them home safe and sound , he said .
next year , following the controversial abolishment of the age old patriarchal family headship known as hoju .
the presidential office said it has requested a probe into kwon s alleged connections with the voucher firm , korea win solution corp .
a washington woman who hid a sedated monkey under her blouse on a flight from thailand was convicted of violating wildlife laws for smuggling the monkey into the united states , prosecutors said tuesday .
no explanation has been given for osman s release or the reason for his arrest , which u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned as a violation of international law .
the year study involved tracking the movement of stars at the center of the milky way using telescopes at the european southern observatory in chile .
kathmandu , nepal cnn about , refugees were without homes sunday after a fire blazed through a camp in southeastern nepal destroying more than , huts , officials told cnn .
british government records list a ye min tun as a second secretary at the embassy .
caffeine is a substance naturally found in coffee .
al lahem had previously told cnn that the saudi judge revoked his license as punishment for speaking to the media about his client s case , which attracted international attention .
snow white on one side , the lion king on the other .
he was one of five people convicted of espionage by the court in seoul .
i feel like i m in a dream , said his father , whom cnn has agreed not to name .
expect to bargain .
it is also considering extending low interest housing loans to low wage earners amid rising housing costs , while lifting or lowering tariffs levied on major import items , including grain and oil products .
on saturday , voters chose between parties competing for control of the seat legislature .
a few minutes after takeoff , the plane experienced problems and began dumping fuel before establishing radio contact with the airport s tower , eale said .
sir alex ferguson s early season problems deepened after geovanni s st minute goal settled the manchester derby in favor of sven goran eriksson s city side and left ferguson s united without a win in their opening three league games .
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
riot officers dispersed them , and about people were detained , police said tuesday .
a new home entertainment machine threatens to take its place .
her son , teti , is believed to have ruled for around years until he was possibly assassinated , a sign of the time s turbulence .
us ambassador to the un , john bolton , described the report as a red flag and said it provided ample evidence of iranian defiance .
emmanuel adebayor opened the scoring from the penalty spot and cesc fabregas added a second before philippe senderos was sent off .
the white house has approved the nomination of kathleen stephens , senior state department adviser for east asia and pacific affairs , as the next ambassador to seoul , sources here said thursday .
burmese authorities confirmed one death on wednesday as police clashed with protesters in rangoon .
national weather service meteorologist sarah johnson is in amarillo , texas
russia has banned the hit comedy film , borat , which has been accused of poking fun at moscow s neighbor and close ally kazakhstan .
we re going to start the evaluation of the security situation on the peninsula two years before the wartime control is transferred from the u . s . military to the south , kang said .
forty nine percent of those questioned in the new survey say mccain would mostly carry out bush s policies , down from percent in the previous poll .
in san francisco , customers sang auld lang syne following a countdown , as if heralding a new era in telecommunications .
it was captured by wal mart employees .
japan s nikkei fell more than percent , its worst loss in two decades , and south korea s kospi index closed down . percent .
you have a need in an evolutionary sense for both money and women . they trigger the same brain area , said camelia kuhnen , a northwestern university finance professor who conducted the study with a stanford university psychologist .
the greens accused oettinger of rewriting history .
after his acquittal in california on child molestation charges .
what particularly angered me was his suggestion , somehow , that my previous denunciation of his remarks were somehow political posturing , said obama , who added that wright had shown little regard for me and seemed more concerned with taking center stage .
it s a great feeling , marvellous for this club . this club deserves to be in the final .
the deadliest attack happened sunday in diyala province when six u . s . soldiers and a journalist were killed in a roadside bombing , the u . s . military said .
british foreign secretary david miliband pulled out of a meeting with his saudi arabian counterpart in london monday , but the foreign office insisted it was for personal reasons and not a snub .
cnn japan launched a rocket saturday carrying a satellite that will test new technology that promises to deliver super high speed internet service to homes and businesses around the world .
emergencies ministry spokesman viktor beltsov says the volganeft was anchored near the port of kavkaz .
drivers may get insurance breaks for playing computer games
yes , layoffs are still out there , people are still losing jobs , but some of the size of the job losses in the last months huge numbers every month we might finally be seeing that abate .
he said he has no idea where his father is , but is confident he will never be caught because locals support him .
more than countries with peaceful nuclear programs could retool them to make weapons , the head of the u . n . atomic watchdog agency said monday amid new u . s and european demands that iran give up technology capable of producing such arms .
the u . s . geological survey usgs reported on its web site that the initial . magnitude quake was centered about miles km southwest of the capital , athens , and was located about miles offshore .
i am going to serve the remaining days of my sentence . i have learned a great deal from this ordeal and hope that others have learned from my mistakes .
free tibet .
warner home video will continue releasing high definition videos in the hd dvd format until the end of may .
in pointed remarks , chavez said the rebels should stop fighting and end a war that has riven colombia for more than years , killing tens of thousands .
much of the world is waiting to see how china s concepts of harmonious society and peaceful rights would unfold .
china is reclusive north korea s leading ally and has said it wants korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons a stand hu repeated in his comments .
choi sung of the ruling uri party said in a statement that the u . s . air force stationed in gunsan conducted several combat exercises from january through june in preparation for possible air launched nuclear strikes against north korea .
it appeared the eta gunmen recognized the civil guards at a cafe where they had breakfast , the spokeswoman said .
he had fallen from number on the forbes rich list as his fortune declined from . billion to . billion in .
five to inches of rain was predicted for southeastern cuba and the central and southeastern bahamas , with maximum rainfall in some areas of inches .
he said all four brothers were believed to have worked on a farm and poultry outbreaks had earlier been reported in the area . but one brothers , mohammed tariq , said only one sibling worked on the farm .
parliament has bluntly rejected his last two nominees for prime minister , and lawmakers react to the president s most routine communications with disdain .
a very large airlift vehicle concept designed to control lift in all stages of air or ground operations including the ability to off load payload without taking on board ballast other than surrounding air .
the construction and transportation minister told the assembly construction committee the organizations are the corporations of electric power , land , housing , highway , gas , oil , agricultural and rural infrastructure , agricultural and fishery marketing , resources , and tourism .
the boy kidnapped from his las vegas home by alleged drug dealers found alive in a neighborhood off a las vegas strip .
it could take days before the situation normalizes , wolf said .
pelosi said nord has failed to see the gravity of the situation and continues to oppose democratic efforts to double her agency s dollars and give it more authority .
she feels that rather than these things being stuck in a drawer with nobody enjoying them , real enthusiasts could get their hands on these things , muston said .
iraqi lawmakers are expected to vote wednesday on the proposal .
what is urgent for the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue is for the u . s . to put into practice its will to make a switchover in its hostile policy toward the north , it said .
the direct reprogramming technique avoids the swarm of ethical , political and practical obstacles that have stymied attempts to produce human stem cells by cloning embryos .
in an effort to bring more attention to the ongoing crisis in darfur , the u . s . holocaust memorial museum has teamed up with google s mapping service literally to map out the carnage in the darfur region .
seventy nine percent of poll respondents said openly gay people should be allowed to serve in the military . eighteen percent said they should not .
but there are signs confidence has returned in asia .
shortly after the interview began , the room filled up with his guards and those that work with meshaal .
police assume he tried to take his own life as no officers fired at him .
cindy sheehan s sister , dede miller , told cnn that the group would continue working for humanitarian causes , but drop its involvement in the anti war movement .
several months ago , thousands of south koreans held street rallies to protest the deaths of two girls hit by a u . s . military vehicle and call for more south korean jurisdiction over u . s . troops .
crews are continuing to come through the sierra nevada crash site where the plane of millionaire adventurer steve fossett went down .
european markets were mixed .
but in a television interview , she left fans with the tantalizing , if remote , possibility that she may one day return to the magical world of hogwarts .
iran has agreed with iaea requests to answer unresolved questions about its nuclear program .
humberto was downgraded to a tropical storm late thursday morning after its winds decreased to mph as it moved across louisiana , the hurricane center said .
a team of scientists at penn state university could be one step closer to bringing extinct species back to life .
klein started building his man cave in pasadena , maryland , so he could have the bar of his dreams and a home theater .
the top u . s . negotiator for the north korea nuclear dispute will visit washington and tokyo this week to seek ways to lure pyongyang back to the negotiating table , the u . s .
texas doesn t appreciate the eu s suggestion that it enact a moratorium on the death penalty .
they outgrew the capability of his care , so the individual chose to release them into what he felt was a safe environment , said capt .
the european central bank injected liquidity into the euro money market again on monday , easing market tensions triggered by liquidity concerns in the banking system hit by troubles in risky u . s . subprime mortgages .
let has denied any responsibility for the attacks , but a suspect in custody whom india has said was one of gunmen in the attacks
felt the ground shake for as long as seconds .
recent polls have him ahead in wisconsin , but not by much .
on sunday afternoon , anti thaksin demonstrators gathered in sanam luang , near bangkok s royal palace , the venue where thaksin drew some , supporters on friday for his own rally .
the burial site was located monday during construction work for a factory building in the outskirts of mantua .
sports daily marca said madrid were set to sign their sixth dutch international despite huntelaar still recovering from a torn left ankle ligament that looks to have ended his season .
bae s body arrived in seoul yesterday afternoon .
as a rule , everyone at the table drinks together , and all glasses are clinked before drinking .
it is the heaviest fighting for many months in north waziristan , which the us says is an al qaeda safe haven .
there are no nuclear or fissile materials associated with these items , wynne said .
the bond transfer helped lee s scions gain a combined . percent stake in samsung everland , a de facto holding company .
a teenager died saturday after he was decapitated at the six flags over georgia theme park outside of atlanta , authorities said .
first year medical students are some of the biggest hypochondriacs around .
a win for england would ensure they qualify for the finals in austria and switzerland .
man shoots talker at movies , police say
at least a dozen people have been rescued so far .
but , as you know , what is important about these actions is not only to get them done , but then to use them as momentum , hill said .
some companies recommend that workers adopt english names so that they can be addressed by their names rather than the korean custom of attaching a suffix to the surname , such as kim , managing director , who would be called manager kim in korean .
madonna found david while establishing charity projects in malawi .
sen . barack obama friday knocked sen . hillary clinton for taking lobbyists money and said she was too much a part of business as usual in washington to bring about reform .
the spanish rivals showed little respect for each other s serves the pair combined for five breaks in the first set alone and ferrer didn t hold serve until his fourth attempt on his way to losing the opener when he netted a forehand .
national weather service meteorologist joshua scheck who moved from maryland and says he loves it in north dakota .
lawmakers were joined by the mother of an ohio teen who committed suicide after she was taunted and harassed .
the government pledged wednesday to take appropriate diplomatic steps to cope with china s attempts to distort korean history .
jim messina will become chief of staff for obama s campaign , leaving the same position in the office of sen . max baucus .
according to yusuf , as of sunday , fm stations were off the air and have been since midday saturday .
palin s going rogue , mccain aide says
for several days before and after that day , an estimated million chinese will travel by train , and million more by plane , officials say .
we re going to abide by whatever rules the democratic national committee puts forward , as we ve done from the start , obama said . but i think that there should be some way for us to make sure that they re seated , figure out how their votes should count .
anyone applying for a visa for long term stay must present a certificate stating that they are hiv negative .
new york mayor michael bloomberg wants the da to go after the hospital management for the failure to report the gunshot wound .
we will withhold any approval of a deal because it could affect a pending court case , said hong young man , a spokesman for the watchdog .
that decrease had been the biggest one day move in more than two decades .
mcclaren was also relieved at the night s work , having been a target for critics after a defeat by croatia , draws with macedonia and israel , and a labored win over andorra .
we have asked the venues to improve on this , to increase the number to sit down toilets , yao hui , deputy director of venue management for the beijing organizers , said wednesday . many people have raised the question of toilets .
only year old gerald ford was among former presidents absent , a group that grew smaller last summer with the death of ronald reagan .
more and more , people are learning that the psychological toll can be as important as any of the financial problems that may result .
ron wood , one of the boy s public defenders , said before a gag order was issued that the defense is treating the boy s case like any other first degree murder case .
there is definitely a much higher incentive to invest in automated technology to fight terrorists , karlsson said .
wildlifedirect called the arrest of mashagiro a major breakthrough and said his pending prosecution is a moment of hope for all of us .
the plastics industry quickly expanded , of course , providing the materials for a large portion of manufactured goods .
the silhouettes of the u . s . naval ships can been seen on the horizon , a long distance away .
french president nicolas sarkozy , then serving as the interior minister , provoked controversy at the time by referring to the rioters as scum .
recent state run asset sales have gone to local companies after a public backlash against foreign firms that have racked up heavy capital gains by snapping up distressed domestic companies .
the federal aviation administration was reporting no delays at the airport monday morning , but alaska and horizon said they would only resume limited operations .
amateur night at the apollo theater in new york .
fayed s father contends that the couple were the targets of a plot orchestrated by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii .
to announce any conclusions , said the official , who gave his surname as chi .
the italian went on to win the gold medal .
an inventor who claims he has never had time to find a human girlfriend has created his own perfect woman
we try to make it clean , safe and enjoyable for everyone , that includes families with children , that includes anyone from anywhere , and yet we re being accused of dominating the area , said david timson of st . johnsbury , who has been going to southwest cove for years . he is head of a newly formed organization called friends of southwest cove .
the next task is to convince voters that his policies would be better than bush s , and , on the economic front at least , that may be a more difficult task .
then inzaghi came up with the injury time equalizer to stun the home fans .
the group thought it had secured a major source of funding in march this year , but the money never arrived .
national weather service meteorologist mike eckert says that snow should stay through christmas
ban told reporters earlier this week that his government would assess relations between the two sides before making a final decision .
other polls show both races even tighter in the final hours before iowa opens the state by state battle to choose candidates to succeed president george w . bush
bhutto and those with her were uninjured , and her companions said she reached her family home safely .
reuters reports the us federal reserve announced on sunday emergency measures to stem a fast spreading financial crisis , cutting the discount rate it charges on direct loans to banks and setting up a new program to provide cash to big financial firms .
his party won two landslide victories before he was deposed in a bloodless military coup in september .
those states have high concentrations of voters who have been strong clinton supporters latinos in texas and blue collar workers in ohio and pennsylvania .
as frantic search and rescue efforts entered a fifth day , the official death toll hovered around , .
the case sprang from an april raid of the group s compound near el dorado .
however , this study suggests the opposite is true .
demand on offshore oil drilling is going to be allowed to expire without another congressional fight .
the nasdaq composite index was down . points , or . percent , at , . .
you get something that looks totally different than anything else on the road , said csaba csere , editor in chief of car and driver magazine . so if you kind of want to be looked at and want to be the first on your block with the new hardware , the smart does that .
mercedes has developed an electronic stability system that can sense when a car is veering out of control and momentarily brake a single rear wheel to restore stability .
he has met the standard of being a successful president , being an exceptional president , he said .
gerard pique put barca three minutes later before messi made it as he curled home a shot just after the break following a quickly worked free kick .
there s no doubt about doubt .
washington has so far refused .
i love my mom but i cant handle it anymore .
the white house on wednesday issued an order expanding sanctions against syria , saying the nation s leaders have engaged in a pattern of violating human rights in their own country and harmed the peace and stability of other nations in the region , including iraq .
prime minister gordon brown told reporters at downing street the people responsible will be tracked down , arrested and punished .
obama s former partner in the senate , sen . dick durbin , d illinois , has also called on blagojevich to step down immediately .
these threats are abhorrent , and those that make them will be subject to prosecution and significant prison time .
a speech to the people of pakistan was recorded over a montage of old video , and began with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic .
once the reactor is closed , envoys to the six party talks from the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia will meet in mid july to discuss next steps , he said .
the mdc said rooms were searched but none of its officials were there .
muntadhar al zaidi s reporting for egypt based independent television al baghdadia was against the occupation , his brother said .
innocent hands are hands that are not used for acts of violence , he told them . they are hands that are not sullied by corruption and bribes .
at least people including three children and six members of parliament have been killed in a suicide bombing at a sugar factory in northern afghanistan , the hospital chief in that province told cnn .
then there are his references to tall ancient buildings discovered at the bottom of many oceans .
australian cadel evans and germany s andreas kloeden were unable to respond to contador s violent burst of speed and they finished seconds behind the pair .
in recent days , rice and president bush have sharpened their rhetoric against chavez while praising colombia and other latin american allies .
another lawyers were arrested in islamabad and rawalbini as they gathered for a demonstration , police said .
washington will review its financial aid package to pakistan , its key anti terrorism ally , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday .
frantically digging through tons of earth and rock , hundreds of soldiers and rescue workers braved threats of additional slides to pull victims from the bus , which officials said was carrying between and passengers .
bromo , a , foot , meter volcano , is one of java s most popular tourist attractions .
government officials from different departments also appear to disagree on how to calculate the figures .
thirteen other residents were injured in the town that has borne the brunt of qassam attacks , emergency services said .
food and drug administration says the brown and williamson tobacco company distributed high nicotine tobacco in five cigarette brands the tobacco product is known in the industry as y .
ice is available in the room for those who want to rub it on steaming skin .
clarke had been wheelchair bound for several years with complications stemming from a youthful bout with polio and had suffered from back trouble recently , said scott chase , the secretary of the nonprofit arthur c . clarke foundation .
a group of farmers dedicated to fighting the mafia are now producing the pasta under the brand name libera terra after setting up a co operative to farm land seized by the italian government from the cosa nostra s jailed boss of bosses toto riina .
the gunman at norris hall , who police say took his own life , was not carrying identification and has not been identified .
it is especially surprising , he said , given that this is the same pope that made a controversial visit to turkey last year .
lenders have been offering low lending rates while reducing fees for stock trading in an attempt to attract new customers and defend their existing clients .
the move came as some opposition legislators began pushing for a recall of the president a constitutional procedure that requires a two thirds legislative majority and the support of at least half of taiwan s electorate in a referendum .
he testified before committees in both houses of congress , but senators later said he lied under oath .
pyongyang withdrew indefinitely from six nation talks on its nuclear status in february .
the level of manganese in the air around the nation s capital was also nine times higher than the normal average in spring days .
earlier , a magnitude . quake shook the pacific ocean about miles southeast of the island of guam , the japan meteorological agency said .
we looked forward to changes .
on monday hamas militants fired dozens of rockets into southern israel despite a day israeli military campaign that reportedly has left more than palestinians dead .
we are convinced , based on extensive review of the evidence , that this case is an accidental overdose with no other criminal element present , tiger said at a news conference announcing smith s autopsy results .
don t be so focused on looking for your weaknesses that you forget to ask about your strong points .
denmark cnn biking the back lanes of the island of aero , i came to a lonely little church .
police in whittier , california , have released a frantic call made last october by the woman who went on to have babies in january
if obama were the democratic nominee , percent of clinton supporters would vote for him in the fall , the polls found .
the council leaders released the statement on sunday amid growing tension in the area .
arnold meri , a highly decorated soviet soldier and cousin of the former estonian president , was allegedly involved in the deportation of estonian citizens from hiiumaa island , off the baltic state s west coast .
the united states rejected those changes then , and with a filing with congress on wednesday , pledged to congress that it won t sign off on any types of legal changes as part of an overall free trade deal .
on a point scale , with being the least sexy and a white hot sex goddess , the color red added about . points to the rating , says elliot .
the korea development bank kdb , pantech s main creditor , and other creditors will gather soon to decide whether to rescue the troubled mobile phone manufacturer .
the suicide note left at maruca kovac s home was turned over to police , who wouldn t divulge its contents .
positive feedback mechanisms amplify changes occurring in the climate .
juan almeida bosque , abelardo colomi ibarra , carlos lage davila , esteban lazo hernandez and julio casas regueiro were elected as the council s other vice presidents , according to granma .
the pipeline links iraq s northern and southern oil fields .
large numbers of police have set up barricades on the road to the airport .
but the militant group hamas said it was not helpful in solving the conflict in the middle east , arguing that blair s position mirrored those of the us and israel .
the australian actor spoke at a press conference in sydney on wednesday where he unveiled minutes of completed film footage to fans .
gates would be joining a high profile national security team that is also expected to include a retired four star general .
a picture taken june shows work progressing rapidly on the reactor at the khushab nuclear site , miles southwest of the pakistani capital , islamabad , the institute of science for international security said .
academy award winning filmmaker michael moore is under investigation by the u . s . treasury department for taking ailing september rescue workers to cuba for a segment in his upcoming health care documentary sicko , the associated press has learned .
the increase reported wednesday resulted not from a large number of new cases but from improved surveillance by state health departments in response to the outbreak and from the fact that laboratories completed analyzing previously submitted samples , said dr . david acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the food and drug administration .
shaukat aziz told a news conference that the government remained committed to the democratic process .
the fighter jet , piloted by year old major lee kyu jin and first lieutenant park in chul , , crashed miles from an air base in seosan , south chungcheong , at p . m . friday , minutes after takeoff from the base .
the eight include britain , china , france , russia and the united states , all of which acknowledge having nuclear arsenals .
officials say the ground is tinder dry after a record summer heat wave .
during an active solar period , violent eruptions occur more often on the sun , the agency said .
last year louis vuitton held an exhibition at the espace louis vuitton in paris titled the temptation of space which included an installation by legendary french designer philippe starck .
there s something in here for environmentalists , says kateri callahan of the alliance to save energy
if made , the designation would come in the form of an executive order from president george w . bush , the state department official said .
continuing aftershocks remain a concern .
presidential candidate chung dong young of the united new democratic party undp said a strengthened korea u . s . alliance would be the focus of his foreign policy if he wins the election on december th .
the company has not said what impact the increase in production will have on employment in greer , which has about , permanent employees and up to temporary employees .
the films are burned onto the moviekey with the relevant license at the point of purchase , using microsoft drm digital rights management .
meanwhile , a usatoday gallup poll out monday had giuliani with a point lead , percent to percent .
singer and actress eartha kitt has died , her publicist , patty freedman , told cnn on thursday .
he was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said .
it takes an hour to cut down a fully grown kashmiri cedar but it takes over years for one to grow to its full size , he said .
the korean people s army will take any military measures needed for protecting the security and sovereignty of the country , a statement released by the korean people s army said .
police are unsure how he did it but believe he may have carefully planned the robbery , becoming one of several trusted diamond traders given an electronic card to access the vault .
about demonstrators shouted and waved banners as a line of green trucks carried the equipment through the gates of the base , about km miles from central tokyo , before dawn on friday .
they need to find a balance between their immediate economic survival and the longer term need to protect their environments .
the fire occurred about miles from the hawiyah plant .
the race for the democratic presidential nomination is alive and well and must continue , according to house speaker nancy pelosi .
uh , the president elect and his team are under no illusions about iran s behavior and what iran has been doing in the region , and is doing in terms of its own weapons programs .
this afternoon , the mayor and other town officials are planning a ceremony on the town green in danville , which will include music and an honor guard for sullenberger .
muslims in sweden demanded an apology from the newspaper , which has stood by vilks on his freedom of expression stand .
the world health organization , which issued an update tuesday on cholera , blames the outbreak on poor water quality and sewage treatment and cited a shortage of chlorine , which the agency said is urgently needed for water treatment .
bhutto , leader of the pakistan people s party ppp , had served as prime minister from and , and had been campaigning ahead of elections due on january th .
the suicide bomb killed more than others , and at least were wounded .
there s nowhere to go , said kenia alvarez , who is also homeless in beni . the water is rising more .
the taliban , who are literally cave dwellers , are doing better than we are on a key battleground and that s video , said nato spokesman james appathurai . they deploy with videographers .
the envoys said the narrow minded visa policy prevents koreans from developing english proficiency in a more efficient and cheaper way .
moscow , russia cnn russian authorities are investigating the recent killing of a model turned bodyguard .
it urged supporters to greet thaksin at the airport at a . m . thursday .
only about mountain gorillas remain in the world , an estimated of them in the virunga range .
ramos horta , a nobel peace prize laureate , nearly died in the feb . attack by mutinous soldiers .
commenting on the board s response to his offer , thaksin said in a statement we share a determination to take the club back to its rightful place at the highest level of competition in both the fa premier league and european football .
police believe brunkert may have fallen against a glass partition separating his home s kitchen from the garden , and the glass broke and fatally cut his throat , she said .
he has the trust and respect of many officials around the world and believes deeply in the world bank s mission of tackling poverty .
general assembly , annan said no one was above the law whether in sudan , iraq , uganda , russia or the middle east .
the incident began when a group of black students and a group of white students were in a dorm .
it s been years , and wall e is still at work .
the only major movement in recent weeks was china s dropping its insistence that it be allowed to conduct peaceful nuclear explosions under the treaty on the theory that they might be useful for massive engineering projects like digging canals .
the u . n . envoy planned to tell the junta leader about the international outrage over what has happened and will urge him to talk with various people and try to resolve the problems peacefully , shari villarosa , charge d affaires at the u . s . embassy in yangon , told cnn .
uganda is among the nations hit hardest by floods that have swept across countries in africa in recent weeks .
he is shown carrying a child , whose legs , clothed in the same pyjama bottoms as madeleine s , can be seen dangling from his arms .
the group says it seeks to set up a caliphate by non violent means but many experts see it as ideologically close to jihadist groups .
he leads the pack with seven nominations .
the firebombing of dresden explains absolutely nothing about why i write what i write and am what i am , vonnegut wrote in fates worse than death , his autobiography of sorts .
in two years , the team recorded seven such microlensing events .
everybody or almost everybody who ran the show or was there at the beginning took part in the first meeting for the movie , brooks said .
rescue teams with thousands of tents , quilts and other relief supplies were rushing to the area , xinhua reported .
the project to divert the water took nearly a week .
the first running shoe was invented years ago .
fink then set about creating a pen shaped fiber optic tool that could allow surgeons to easily manipulate the laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body .
u . s . president bush always accuses others without evidence and this increases problems , ahmadinejad said . the americans have to understand that iraqi people do not like america .
the cafe s arrested owner told police he got his business idea from foreign porn web sites and was very proud of bringing a new culture of free sex in korea , said police sgt .
following the national assembly s rejection of the revised bill on the national pension fund on monday , the three ministers guiding it yesterday urged lawmakers to reconsider it .
president roh moo hyun is going to meet bae hyeong jin , who is , and the inspiration for the movie running boy .
there were no injuries , he added .
the last time , in september , he was deported within hours of his arrival .
the airport official said contact with the plane was lost at a . m . , five minutes before it was due to land .
the confirmed death toll stood at in the solomons , moveni said , and was expected to rise as more rubble was searched and outlying villages reached .
japanese star daisuke matsuzaka and his teammates were a little weary from the long flight as they made their way to the hotel .
the pontiff also called for special consideration for suffering children who are homeless , forced to serve as soldiers or exploited in pornography and every other appalling form of abuse .
people matching the data will be denied entry and deported .
hundreds of people gathered at munsan station to cheer the five carriage train as it set off on the km trip to kaesong , across the heavily armed border .
bush s democratic critics used the anniversary to press accusations that the republican president launched the invasion based on faulty intelligence , mismanaged the war and failed to put together an exit strategy . president george w . bush said on wednesday he had no regrets about the unpopular war in iraq despite the high cost in lives and treasure and declared that the united states was on track for victory .
holyfield lost heavyweight boxing s last unification fight in , dropping his wba and ibf belts to wbc champion lennox lewis .
the communist beijing government keeps its markets isolated from global money flows , and most shares are off limits to foreign buyers .
the bold will also have exchangable back plates in different colors , a first for a blackberry .
we ve shown that even an artillery projectile hurtling through the air at supersonic speed is no match for a laser , said army lt .
they are the ones who passed the ball for me to score goals , he said . what is for sure is that i want to win it again , it feels so good .
fox screened the movie over the weekend for a small group of entertainment reporters . the film delivered some laughs , but it certainly did not bring the house down .
the medications cited include the antimicrobials nitrofuran , malachite green , gentian violet and fluoroquinolones .
but it just proved to be the prelude to a blistering spell of united attacking , in which darren fletcher nodded home a third united headed goal either side of a rooney double .
the labor department reports they plunged another . percent last month , a record for the years the government has been tracking the numbers .
the sun , britain s top daily tabloid , made the minute video public .
perrine added that the majority of marines conduct themselves honorably .
it was like , what s that movie , back to the future ?
canadian company trufflepig is a bespoke travel firm that caters for high end travelers and those with a demanding disposition to be shown something exceptional .
investigators continue to sift through thousands of hours of closed circuit television footage taken outside glasgow s airport and near the locations where the car bombs were found in london .
people come to the show to look at what types of products meet not only their homeland security goals , but all their security needs , says kristina tanasichuk , the director of govsec , short for the government security conference and exposition .
ultimately , judge william duffey found that there was .
the csa poll had le pen at percent .
ppa is an ingredient that was used in many over the counter and prescription cough and cold medications as a decongestant and in weight loss products .
speaking by satellite phone during a break aboard his support vessel on thursday , strel said the journey became tougher as he approached belem .
yes , i m surprised , but i think no more surprised than the head of the fbi , the head of the cia , that rogue employees turn on their country in criminal activity despite the best investigative procedures you can possibly imagine .
release of the videos has caused outrage in london , where british officials accuse iran of using the service members for propaganda reasons .
the ad ran last summer in three newspapers .
hough , interviewed at the prison , would not confirm that he takes the furniture across the border .
one astronaut also was not seated .
the inquest to establish cause of death is expected to be a six month process .
but the negotiations moved at a snail s pace as both sides remained reluctant to accept each other s demand on auto trade and auto related technical standards , one of the hottest issues in the trade negotiations .
the sea dragon , found in nature only in the waters off southern australia , became pregnant tuesday when a female transferred her eggs onto his tail .
the picture i want up there is the one of the suspect , mr . stiles , demeo said .
it has a computer that does what your brain does for you .
police shot three protesters in kibera , a slum on the outskirts of nairobi , a witness told cnn , and other officers fired tear gas to try to thwart thousands of protesters .
so they feel a negative signal when they are disconnected from others , cacioppo said .
there are indications this could escalate further
the us says it is not prepared to discuss issues that relate to its alliances with other countries , and for its part , has called for concessions on north korea s development of ballistic missiles and its human rights record .
the korea times reports that during the meeting with the leader of the uri party at his presidential library in seoul , the former head of state gave a positive response to the repeated proposal by the governing party to take up the role of special envoy to the communist nation .
aside from clooney s work in clayton , globe acting nominations may go to tommy lee jones , who earned raves for both no country and in the valley of elah
the wake up music for the shuttle endeavour nasa engineers are checking the latest damage assessment of the shuttle before they okay the return to earth .
with bush at his side , abe , through a translator , told reporters he has deep hearted sympathies for what the comfort women went through then .
in a presidential election year , states hold primaries and caucuses to choose democratic and republican nominees .
you don t last long after an in season and a person close to the decision says the detroit lions already fired coach rod marinelli .
these are useful discussions and we hope a great deal will come from these discussions , altit said . all efforts are welcome and we welcome with interest anything that contributes to a solution .
a woman with a wrinkled face and long , gray black hair swished a broom to push puddles of rain water into a pail .
the operatic quartet s new album , the promise , debuted atop the uk charts , their third collection to hit the no . spot .
the brain fitness software market has been growing at a dizzying pace .
from just over , to just over three million but all seem to agree that the figure is the lowest in several years , which is not surprising after four straight years of economic growth .
england manager steve mcclaren suffered a fresh blow before saturday s euro qualifying match against israel , when manchester united midfielder owen hargreaves aggravated a hamstring injury .
north korea had insisted that million frozen at banco delta asia , blacklisted by washington for allegedly helping the north launder money , must be released before it closes its yongbyon reactor
don t be intimidated by the prospect .
sony is counting on the price cut to help it significantly grow sales of the ps ahead of the crucial holiday shopping season that accounts for most of the annual sales of highly profitable gaming software .
brown said laurean , a year old from nevada , is believed to have left the marine base about a . m . friday , driving a black dodge pickup with north carolina license plate trr .
also , a soldier in the diyala capital of baquba died tuesday of wounds from a roadside bomb .
a man who was with the child scooped the child up and took her out of the cafe before the girls could take a photograph with their mobile phones , he said .
president elect barack obama , in the democrats weekly radio address , which is also on youtube , says congress has to find ways to ease the impact on the people of this country , and if it can t find solutions during next week s lame duck session , he ll do it when he takes office
the government has already estimated damage from the storm the worst in years at more than billion .
he found that by taking two materials with different optical properties one being a semi conducting glass and one being a polymer and stacking these two up in very tight and ultra thin layers , around micron each of a millimeter , they create an omni reflector .
a year old palestinian boy with a suicide bomb best was caught at a west bank checkpoint .
tens of thousands of afghans died during the years of civil conflict that followed the soviet occupation .
a woman is reported to have died in the blast in the largely christian eastern district of ashrafieh .
the agency said world oil use would grow by . million barrels per day in the current quarter , slightly below previous estimates due to a drop in u . s . demand .
according to the national statistical office nso monday , average life expectancy was . years for korean men and . years for women in , up . and . years from years ago .
bush said iran funds terrorist extremists , undermines peace in lebanon , sends arms to the taliban , seeks to intimidate its neighbors with alarming rhetoric , defies the united nations and destabilizes the entire region by refusing to be open about its nuclear program .
lakeland , florida cnn about cars crashed on a highway blanketed by fog and smoke from a brush fire in central florida on wednesday , and local officials said at least three people were killed .
one of them could be elvira arellano a mexican in the united states illegally with her year old son saul , a u . s . citizen .
police say the suspected shooter must have made it out of the mall with the crowd .
rome , italy cnn pope benedict xvi plans to meet with muslim scholars and religious leaders this autumn at a catholic muslim seminar in rome , the vatican said wednesday .
meantime , the white house has ordered federal agencies to halt any pending bush regulations so they can be reviewed .
the teenager suffered wounds to his hand in the scuffle .
federal prosecutors say blagojevich tried to sell the appointment to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat .
the nec will finalize voter lists by april , and send voting guidelines and candidate publicity materials to voters by april .
the french weekly paper le journal du dimanche reported sunday , quoting unnamed sources , that sarkozy plans to wed bruni on feb . or and has already given her a heart shaped diamond engagement ring .
bush calls meeting with obama friendly
a british spokesman says britain has small naval ships in the area helping to train iraqi police .
justin lee riffs off pop culture in three of the rooms .
there had been a five year gap between bush s colonoscopy and the one the president had over the weekend .
viewing figures released tuesday showed that the nbc program documenting beckham s house hunting , attempts to get a u . s . driving license and lessons on surviving an earthquake was the third most watched show in its time slot monday . some . million people tuned in , but more watched repeats of abc s wife swap and two cbs sitcoms .
fonda won her oscars for klute and coming home .
philippine president gloria arroyo has survived a second attempt to impeach her over allegations of corruption , human rights abuses and election fraud .
in the days following the test fires , the rift between south korea and japan has widened due to their contrasting stance toward the provocation .
the senate bill approves bn in funds mostly for the wars in afghanistan and iraq but also orders the president to begin withdrawing troops from iraq within days of passage of the bill .
so much so that large parts of jerusalem and much of the west bank , including ramallah , will be , in effect , shut down .
it would come just days before the sixth anniversary of the terrorist attacks planned and executed by al qaeda .
the reaction of others was anger , not only at cho for meticulously premeditating his rampage , but also at the media for airing his last recorded words and images .
see the light
the movie her third to show in cannes is about a spirited young afghan who dreams of being her country s first woman president .
we take these signals seriously and if we are a responsible company , we should also be responsible for what has been done in the past , koster said , adding that klm was in talks with other parties about initiating an independent inquiry .
the rd already was training to deploy to iraq , pentagon officials said .
aides say the gop candidate will make his third appearance on the nbc late night comedy tomorrow night , just days ahead of the tuesday election .
we express deep concern over the north s unilateral demand , kim said . all responsibility resulting from the measure lies with the north korean side .
all of this might not normally matter , but jack s birth date is important to his overall legend , which proudly proclaims him the boy distiller .
the chess grandmaster said his conviction is part of a government effort to harass him .
this year , pyongyang has condemned the ufl as allied preparations to invade the north .
bush swiftly ducked the flying footwear and later told reporters aboard air force one that the bizarre incident was not a sign of popular opinion in iraq .
protesters gathered near the chinese embassy in new delhi on wednesday , where one tibetan woman shouted
people s party leader qasim zia , who was riding on bhutto s truck , told cnn one of his bodyguards was seriously injured .
more than people died in romania , turkey and greece in june when the mercury shot up to celsius .
korea moved up to th position in the global competitiveness ranking this year , achieving the biggest advancement among economies , according to the world economic forum s annual study .
there was some optimism about the u . s . housing sector , which has been at the heart of the credit problems .
his lawyers tried to keep a confession tape encouraged by two female officers out of court .
iaea inspectors were expelled from the north in late at the start of the nuclear crisis .
geological survey struck at a . m .
the types of company towns will be industry trade , tourism leisure , knowledge based industry and hubs of industry complexes , the ministry said .
in restrooms at the windy city s shedd aquarium and museum of science and industry , percent of men and women combined washed their hands , compared to percent at the big apple s penn and grand central train stations .
it s pretty strong and people are being evacuated from the tall buildings , said andy saputra , cnn producer in jakarta .
gabe ponce de leon is one he came to rio as a college exchange student in and lived the high life until he discovered the slums .
the korean won earned a slight reprieve from the market yesterday , regaining some of its value against the dollar and ending straight days of losses .
washington cnn hours after sparring with barack obama over immigration , john mccain told crowd at fundraiser saturday night that sen . obama s word cannot be trusted .
ambassador alexander vershbow s recent labeling of north korea as a criminal regime went beyond the bounds , national assembly speaker kim won ki said on thursday .
authorities imposed a curfew in towns , including parts of ahmedabad , according to gujarat s home secretary , k . nityanandan .
attacking revelers in the mansour district of western baghdad , a suicide car bomber killed at least people and wounded , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
instead , oxford wants to know
marmon is owned by trusts for the benefits of the pritzker family of chicago , the family that developed the hyatt hotel chain .
pope benedict xvi on sunday gave the roman catholic church four new saints , including an indian woman whose canonization is seen as a morale boost to christians in india who have suffered hindu violence .
in fact , it is a reflection of to years of research efforts on key educational issues , she added .
the train , which had cars , went off the tracks in a forested area after a bridge collapsed , she said .
no one was injured in the blasts , which happened at dawn in zamboanga city , where us troops helping the philippines army fight an insurgency are based .
analysts said the prosecutors and police are trying to adopt the same party line as the current administration .
padilla was originally arrested on accusations that he planned to set off radioactive dirty bombs in the united states .
while there s a debate about the need for restrictions and authorities aren t imposing such stringent restrictions everywhere , special limits on sex offenders for the evening are widespread .
we don t have to be branded by the culture , we are branded by god , he said .
russia is currently locked in a dispute with ukraine over non payment of debts .
maj . gen . richard a . huck , former commanding general of the nd marine division
the government of the war ravaged west african nation has established a refuge at charlotte on the outskirts of the coastal capital freetown to take in chimps from the public .
the alleged death of win shwe drew a harsh reaction from the united states .
meanwhile , oil prices retreated after surging above a barrel overnight .
japan plans to have close consultations with the u . s . for appropriate prevention measures for a mid and long term to be taken by the u . s . side .
mike huckabee was third with percent . republicans in michigan voted in the presidential race on tuesday , with native son mitt romney battling for political survival in a primary that could either revive or sink his campaign .
the state of emergency had been imposed to bring more harmony to the pillars of state and to protect against extremism in the country , aziz said .
irbil is one of the three provinces compromising iraq s kurdish region .
london , england cnn fifteen british service members detained last month in iran have been reunited with their families after flying home from tehran .
sgt . joel tranter said two police officers responded saturday evening to a report of a disturbance at a house in a suburb of phoenix .
emergency workers and stunned residents across the south and great lakes regions picked through shattered homes and buildings after a string of tornadoes left at least people dead and dozens injured .
in the united states may , allowing american boys but not their sisters to learn how to play marbles , make invisible ink , send morse code and build a tree fort .
democratic leaders in congress are in favor of some kind of help , as is president elect obama .
in baghdad , police have found bodies of people who were abducted and killed .
miami , florida cnn for years , pedro zapeta , an illegal immigrant from guatemala , lived his version of the american dream in stuart , florida
police only say that investigators are talking to a number of people in custody .
the situation had calmed by sunday , but there were reports of sporadic fighting .
the pair , whose names tuan and yuan together mean reunion , will live in a four story building at the taipei city zoo , and their lodgings will include an outdoor playground , the agency said .
i will take all legal and moral responsibility and truly apologize for causing concern , he said , adding that he will embrace all the wrongdoings of the nation s largest conglomerate .
in a press conference after the summit , baek jong cheon , chief presidential secretary for security affairs , confirmed that the u . s . government asked south korea to extend the mission of its zaytun division in the war torn country .
he canceled for largely personal reasons , cosby said , adding that recent uproar has led to threats against wright , his family and his church the trinity united church of christ in chicago .
the storm raked bangladesh s southwest coast with maximum sustained winds of mph kph .
hong kong people fear the law will undermine local freedoms of speech , press and assembly .
the figure is up from last year s billion won and . billion won in .
if sharif succeeds in winning a seat in parliament through the by elections , he could push the coalition to nominate him as their prime minister candidate .
sentencing seven of the accused in cairns in october , judge bradley told them that the girl involved was not forced into sex , according to a report in the australian newspaper .
the rules would also ban smoking at national parks and on mountain trails and in many other outdoor public places .
we all hoped for a miracle . . . but unfortunately that was not possible , and now we have to regret that we lost a wonderful singer and a great man , said carreras .
there is a state of emergency but there is nothing called emergency government , youssef said .
although interviewers often try to create a comfortable setting to ease the job seeker s nerves , business decorum shouldn t disappear .
pakistani and american investors came next with , respectively .
his home on queensland s gold coast was searched for a second time on sunday .
it s harmless , says dr . brown , and won t cause your baby any psychological damage
pakistan s defense will continue to be strengthened as an imperative of national security , they said , and assured all support to pakistan s strategic program , the army said .
and when we look at our polls over time , we are seeing a little bit of a dip in the number of people who are self identifying as republicans .
jon , this is where we find out whether , on the dow is a safety net or just another in a series of maginot lines .
koreans were generally not happy , with only three out of people saying they were content with their lives .
we are learning around the world , and relearning here at home , that where women prosper , countries prosper .
the statement appeared to open up a fresh divide between north korea and the us .
all parts are included except the most expensive a laptop running the windows operating system .
london , england cnn poland will withdraw its troops from iraq by the end of october , according to a spokesman for the polish military thursday .
law professor jonathan turly represents mrs .
the nation s spy chief said thursday that it is legally groundless for the government to make the korean hostages held by taliban militants in afghanistan bear the costs incurred in securing their release .
but because the zimbabwe electoral commission has yet to announce the results , it is unclear whether a runoff is required .
pintongta and phantongtae have the right to appeal the ruling to a civil court .
australia is also being considered because of the vast unoccupied land it owns .
well , what we re seeing here is a really , a visual representation of the downturn of the economy .
the move is seen as an escalation of a row over the firing of eight federal prosecutors , correspondents say .
the poll indicates that mccain s favorables dropped slightly , from percent to percent .
zebranet , a collaborative project that rubenstein co founded with princeton engineering professor margaret martonosi , studies zebra behavior through data from gps locators on collars around zebras necks .
and in fact , we got so many people saying this is great , i love it , i don t know why you wouldn t do this , that kinda thing .
the explosion was deafening , and i saw a person lying in blood when the
washington cnn don t worry too much , for now , about rising seas caused by melting ice in greenland and antarctica .
for more than nine hours , police used rubber pellets , tear gas and water cannons against several thousand militants who rampaged through the swiss city of geneva , across the lake from the meeting .
roger federer matched the legendary bjorn borg by winning his fifth successive wimbledon title after an epic five set victory over spain s rafael nadal in sunday s final .
cho did not say why he wanted the gun , markell said .
pahrump is about miles west of las vegas .
this material may not be published .
the year old actress will almost certainly remain in the hospital until she gives birth , bauer said .
by , it projects that three out of four countries in less developed regions will have fertility levels below replacement levels .
the u . s . military is developing contingency plans to deal with the possibility that a large spy satellite expected to fall to earth in late february or early march could hit north america .
a cnn check of ebay transaction records online showed that the account that investigators are examining blazers was used in numerous transactions over the past several months .
abe s decision on wednesday triggered surprise and criticism .
the pollution control department of the ministry of the environment controls toxic wastes , and the control begins when a new factory is at the planning stage .
ranjha said police were still collecting evidence and could arrest akhtar again in the future .
during the summer , he vacationed in new hampshire , where he was photographed jogging in a new york police department t shirt .
in the central coastal province of ha tinh , lightning killed a woman and one son and injured another son in their house , state run voice of vietnam radio said on tuesday .
it was very tough to get anything , he said in a telephone interview .
the process used in the new experiment is quite inefficient , shoukhrat mitalipov of the oregon national primate research center in portland told reporters wednesday .
world no . nadal pulls out of masters cup
there are massive power plants to use the power to create , well , power .
the dongwon ho , with a crew of , was fishing with two other south korean boats in international waters , when two speedboats landed attackers on board .
communist china regards the exiled tibetan leader as a separatist .
the actor is currently shooting the cia thriller green zone in morocco .
it was reported that hillary s year old son peter and tenzing s grandson , tashi terzing , would make separate attempts to ascend the mountain as nepal starts the th anniversary celebrations of its first successful ascent in .
investigators interviewed family members and planned to bring the vehicle back to kansas for processing .
as a gesture of good will towards the palestinians , i will bring before the israeli cabinet a proposal to free fatah prisoners who do not have blood on their hands , after they sign a commitment not to return to violence , olmert told the gathering .
it is thought the south korean aid workers are being held in a number of small groups in a village about km from ghazni town center .
the secretive military junta that rules myanmar says more than , people died after nargis struck friday into saturday , but the top u . s . diplomat in the country said the toll could exceed , .
allam and barbary s avatars , brie janick and seany blinker , married online in june .
as if they did not already have enough to worry about , formula one leaders mclaren could face the real risk of fernando alonso walking out at the end of the season .
through fog and wind , palestinians rush around on streets chewed up by tank treads to buy food before the soldiers shout for people to get back inside .
they appealed to her patriotism , her love for this country . . . she was begged by her fbi handlers to stay on .
rice said she would meet twice with both abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert during her fourth trip to the region in as many months .
his visit to his closest ally raised hopes that stalled talks on north korea s nuclear standoff could resume .
those males bred a lot earlier , attracted the best mates and sired the greatest number of offspring , which safran says is the currency of evolution .
in january , as the won continued to soar , seoul raised the cap on residential purchases abroad to million that cap is gone beginning today , and also gone is a requirement that a residence overseas be sold within three years after the owner returns to korea to live .
observers point out that blair s mission , as defined by the quartet of international mediators which appointed him , is narrow .
sue may had a cell phone , but the volume was off .
in a decade or two , when telephone , cable , and satellite companies may offer channels of mass distribution to every home , the networks present advantage will shift to marketers with brand names viewers trust .
socialist presidential candidate segolene royal and her rightist rival nicolas sarkozy exchanged verbal jabs during an ill tempered televised debate on wednesday that could determine the winner of sunday s run off election .
such decisions are made through institutions in the kingdom , he said . the punishment of the lawyer or any lawyer does not come from a reaction .
what i want is not just ivory tower learning .
cua said he had no intention of relinquishing his cabinet post or his vice presidency in the malaysian chinese association .
witnesses said it was caused by an israeli airstrike .
moscow , russia cnn russia on monday deployed new air defense systems capable of shooting down ballistic missiles , and the air force chief said the weapon could be used to protect winter olympics in the black sea resort of sochi .
john mccain was on snl over the weekend
japan s nikkei was down about percent , as was australia s all ordinaries index . but the hang seng index in hong kong had gained about percent .
president barack obama has asked congress to act quickly on his billion economic stimulus plan .
this is a baby , cheney said wednesday at a forum sponsored by glamour magazine .
police identified the gunman as robert a . hawkins of nebraska .
the first emergency is to get the european union out of its current paralysis .
the black and white puppy makes a yelping sound as it flies through the air .
wearing red may boost your sex appeal
the security guard , a volunteer , saved many lives , new life senior pastor brady boyd told a televised news conference on monday .
i missed those signals , mccain told reporters on his campaign plane . i think she s a great american .
potts said that while white and his colleagues conclude that the fossil skulls are likely those of ancestral subspecies of homo sapiens , he believes they represent modern homo sapiens .
the test of their ties comes at a sensitive time on the korean peninsula .
researchers have discovered a previously unknown group of rare monkeys in the forests of vietnam .
reaction to the fed announcement was initially tepid as investors were betting on a full percent cut , but by the end of the day the dow had risen another points to close up at .
we can t accept the results of the investigation , said lee sang min , an official at people s solidarity for participatory democracy , the largest south korean civic group . it s nothing but an attempt to condone wrongdoing by samsung , the group told the associated press .
the spaceship landed in california because of poor weather in florida .
plans are on track to release about more prisoners from the abu ghraib prison near baghdad .
the military said it has intelligence reports indicating that amara and majjar al kabir are safe havens and smuggling routes for terrorists to import iranian weapons into iraq for the insurgency .
millions , perhaps billions of us , love reading his adventures and we never want them to end , says the online petition , launched on monday at www . saveharrypotter . co . uk .
for all the talk about babel and little miss sunshine , it was the departed with best picture and the most awards four .
the press conference will air from the beverly hilton , home to the globes since the early s .
after an international team failed to find a single dolphin on a six week expedition last year the species was classified as critically endangered and possibly extinct .
the term of current president emile lahoud , a pro syrian politician , is set to expire on november , giving politicians about two months to agree on a replacement .
since sunday , one of the two channels on natalie meilinger s baby monitor has been picking up black and white video from inside the space shuttle atlantis .
pets have sometimes been a boon to a president s image . but some have also taken a bite out of their popularity .
at its annual presentation of corporate research tuesday , the company has also showed models of a low energy water purifier for use in developing countries and a flat light that is transparent like ordinary glass until it is turned on .
the appointment of a go between was an issue raised by a un envoy visiting after september s bloody crackdown .
prime minister lee hai chan apologized yesterday for insults he directed last month at the opposition grand national party , which for the last days has been boycotting the national assembly to force an expression of regret from the prime minister .
from columns of cloud streaking over the caspian sea in january to vast tracts of cleared forest in bolivia in december . in , the nasa earth observatory has captured more stunning images of the earth .
but you know it when you see it .
predatory mice are critically threatening the albatross population on a remote south atlantic island and have caused the birds worst nesting season on record , a british bird charity said thursday .
ban is urging us and nato led forces in afghanistan to prevent civilian casualties .
the orchestra playing for peace
an ohio distributor has recalled one of its brands of peanut butter after finding it has been contaminated with salmonella bacteria .
with paris hotels booked full many fans are staying kilometers miles outside the city in hotels around disneyland s paris resort .
on tuesday , water in the so called tangjiashan quake lake was within feet . meters of the spillway , in beichuan county , cheng dianlong , deputy chief of the state flood control and drought relief headquarters , told the xinhua news agency .
printouts of their masterpieces are on display in the zoo .
defense secretary robert gates is asking for nearly billion from congress to help fund the wars in iraq and afghanistan , an increase from the amount requested earlier this year .
calderon said the government suspended oil production near the city of campeche , mexico s main oil production center , as dean passed cutting off about . million barrels of oil per day and evacuated nearly , workers from oil platforms in the area .
some had stated that they had been hung from the ceiling , he said .
even though people know low lying areas like the netherlands or many parts of asia are at risk of flooding , many do not realize just how big a risk they are facing .
a first test of the agni iii missile failed in july last year , but scientists have fixed a fault in its heat shield and it will be relaunched again very soon , the head of india s state run defense research and development organization , m . natrajan , said , according to a press trust of india report on wednesday .
kim jong il s north korea may lack freedom and success in economic and political fields but on the football field north koreans are leading a small revolution in perceptions of the nation .
the flight originated in addis ababa , ethiopia , and was bound for john f . kennedy international airport in new york , with a stopover in frankfurt , germany , the press office for the irish police force garda said .
an pound emerald said to be worth as much as million is in the hands of the los angeles county sheriff s department while a court decides who really owns it , a spokesman for the sheriff said .
the government will appoint public lawyers for all people detained and accused of criminal offenses to help protect their human rights .
this is england , his most autobiographical picture to date , is set in a small midlands town in .
oscar cardozo scored the winner in the th minute after chesting down a pass from angel di maria and firing past keeper artur boruc from eight yards .
authorities are investigating multiple possibilities on the origin of the five feet that have washed up in the past months from foul play to the possibility they belonged to victims of a plane crash .
more than one disconnection notice had been sent to muliaga s address over a six to seven week period , he added .
university students blocked one lane of a major highway hours after radio caracas television ceased broadcasting at midnight and was replaced with a new state funded channel .
opec agreed late tuesday to boost its crude oil output by , barrels a day in an effort to calm markets worried that supplies could grow tight by the end of the year . the surprise move would take effect starting nov . .
the change we seek swept through chesapeake and over the potomac , obama told supporters . tuesday night .
healthy men and women with good cholesterol levels could significantly reduce their risk of heart disease by taking cholesterol lowering drugs , better known as statins , according to a study released sunday .
she was part of a team and she competed with them in the finals .
the wildlife biologist shoots a tranquilizer dart into the mother s rump , but the dart goes into fat , not muscle , slowing absorption into her blood .
said dr . victoria vetter , a pediatric cardiologist at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine and head of the committee making the recommendation .
a woman who answered the phone at the court said she had no idea about the sentence and refused further comment .
he is to take charge of tuesday s meeting , two government ministers said .
he tells the associated press that his auto industry work was like having an mba .
the ap s jason straziuso reports that a clash with militants in eastern afghanistan has left militants dead , along with a number of coalition forces
the taliban have already killed the leader of the christian group last week in an apparent demonstration of their hard line position on the issue .
this is a critical piece of equipment for the nuclear reactor , said analyst john wolfsthal , of the center for strategic and international studies , who has been following north korea since the s .
professor hwang woo suk successfully cloned stem cells from somatic cells of patients .
new mexico gov . bill richardson ranked fourth among the democratic contenders with percent , while ohio rep . dennis kucinich trailed at percent .
lebanon has been without a president since november , when the term of emile lahoud expired .
former prime minister lee hae chan , who arrived in north korea yesterday , said it is not the right time to discuss a summit meeting with the north .
cincinnati went on to a triumph over san francisco in a matchup of last place foes .
police and fire officials said three people had been confirmed hurt in the explosion .
i was furious and getting more so by the second .
he is being investigated by greek authorities for other possible illegal activity in greece , the statement said .
new delhi , india cnn the brother of a man accused of being the mastermind in a kidney transplant scheme has been arrested by india s elite police force .
the site is about miles southeast of moscow .
dodd and edwards said no but that they support civil unions for gay couples .
speaking in bowling green , the senator from new york said it was a treat to have the whole state to herself since obama would not be returning there .
his most recent contribution to the film world is gran torino .
ban is scheduled to have a luncheon meeting with ambassadors from middle eastern and african countries on thursday at a reception hall of the ministry building in downtown seoul .
you live near a children s hospital .
taiwan had a large outbreak of hfmd in with deaths , and smaller outbreaks in and , according to the cdc .
wall street played more positively , with the dow jones closing up . or . percent at , and the nasdaq up . percent or . points to , by gmt .
china and the united states appeared yesterday to be in the midst of a delicate diplomatic dance over the next steps to deal with north korea .
president roh moo hyun said sunday he has been suffering setbacks due to stalwart conservatives stubbornly backing the united states .
pyongyang said the money would be used for humanitarian purposes .
harrods said in its statement that al fayed did not attend under compulsion and the meeting lasted for less than half an hour .
talks are expected to focus on joint economic projects and a sea border row .
defense secretary robert gates , criticized by some for comments indicating nato forces in southern afghanistan are not up to par , praised them thursday for their valor and sacrifice , which has caused the taliban significant losses .
joao pedro stedile , a leader of the radical leftist landless workers movement , said peasants could stage more land occupations if brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva did not earmark more funds to expropriate and redistribute unused farmland , as the brazilian constitution demands .
haas said he still hopes to be ready for the australian open , which begins jan . .
afghan president hamid karzai has exchanged prisoners for hostages before , but the government has made it clear this is no longer the policy .
she clings to a weathered book with newspaper clippings of her husband , a year old bhutto supporter who had great political ambitions .
it really kind of frustrated me , rose said .
south korea s presidential office dismissed reports of the missile launches as part of ordinary military training by the communist state .
robert s son has since returned to france and was not in court for wednesday s sentencing .
so i was like , ok guys , either you let me do what i need to do by myself or i need to get find another job because it wasn t making me happy .
he wound up winning my heart .
the warner bros . fantasy sequel harry potter and the order of the phoenix conjured up a . million debut to lead the weekend box office , according to studio estimates sunday .
gartner recommends that companies create a policy on e mail etiquette to prevent the unnecessary e mails and avoid lost productivity .
u . s . assistant secretary for population , refugees , and migration ellen sauerbrey said that iraqis referred to the united states from unhcr and other countries for possible resettlement in the united states would go through rigorous security checks and health screening before being allowed to migrate .
gates comments came a day after he made his strongest public condemnation of the myanmar government at the conference , saying that myanmar s rulers have kept their hands in their pockets while other countries sought to help cyclone victims .
he said he had considered options for a clandestine operation , but decided that would be too risky .
studies using mitochondrial dna , which is passed down through mothers , have traced modern humans to a single mitochondrial eve , who lived in africa about , years ago .
conservative republicans are imploring the white house not to use money from the billion financial rescue plan to help detroit .
as the result was read out , lawmakers slapped their desks loudly by way of applause .
when you walk into a job interview , knowledge of the company s history , goals and current activity proves to the interviewer that you are not only prepared for the interview , but also that you want to be a part of the organization .
in declaring the year of the potato , the fao said it wanted to focus world attention on the role the potato can play in providing food security and alleviating poverty .
rafa was not rafa , youzhny said .
the zoo s large cats will be kept indoors until workers complete the improvements to their enclosure .
the long run in was the eagles last album featuring all new studio material .
ebadi said that haleh esfandiari and other iranian americans held in iran are political prisoners .
abdul rahman said his large family lived in houses .
an attempt by police to raid chung s campaign headquarters , however , failed on saturday after a nearly two hour confrontation with his supporters .
the easiest way to explain it is if you can imagine the absolute worst things that can happen to a little girl at the hands of an adult male , that has happened and beyond , nye county sheriff s detective david boruchowitz said of the video .
washington cnn former south african president nelson mandela is to be removed from u . s . terror watch lists under a bill president bush signed tuesday .
she finally left her three year marriage and the flds church in after becoming pregnant with another man s child .
harry , third in line to the british throne , will now begin a two and a half year course with the army air corps in january , that could result in him seeing active service as a pilot , according to a press statement .
information obtained from zubayda under the new interrogation procedures led investigators to al qaeda member ramzi bin al shibh , bush said , and information from zubayda and bin al shibh led investigators to khalid sheikh mohammed , the mastermind of the september , , terror attacks .
puma , which is set to hold its annual shareholder meeting on wednesday , said its management board had been informed that mayfair sold its stake in puma on tuesday for euros per share as well .
however , a major blow for the ump was the defeat of former prime minister alain juppe , who was made energy and environment minister in the new government after sarkozy s election .
a company accused of supplying corroded and decades old chinese ammunition to the afghan army and police has been suspended by the u . s . government for violating its contract , according to u . s . army documents obtained by cnn .
hill also said the u . s . plans to raise the issue of north korea s alleged uranium enrichment program when six nation talks on ridding pyongyang of its nuclear weapons resume monday .
they have a special team on standby to race to any emergency .
oil also rose on expectations the european central bank will likely raise interest rates at its next meeting on thursday , a move that would help strengthen the euro against the dollar , shum said .
tokyo s plan to target the humpback which was hunted to near extinction four decades ago has drawn condemnation from environmentalists all over the world .
for pet urine , the first thing you want to do is put a very heavy , heavy pile of paper towels on it , stand on it , draw all the urine you can away from the carpet .
concern over bhumibol s health and a potential successor has intensified in recent years as the king has suffered a number of medical ailments , including heart problems .
at the time , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice who was in the region to shore up support for the peace initiative said israel should stop all settlement activity .
of course , need remains the most important reason for buying something .
that was ten years ago , but the interest in his sculptures particularly the treetent has kept on growing .
california firefighters sunday were battling hundreds of wildfires , including one in napa county that led to evacuations of about homes , the state s fire department said .
judge barbara walther had to suspend proceedings for an hour to allow hundreds of lawyers for the children and their parents to view evidence .
b . b . bell , commander of the u . s .
i found this thing through my friend , and i have another friend in the same predicament as mine . because of the circumstance , she is forced to do such things .
on sunday , both mrs clinton and obama took part in rallies and events across pennsylvania .
the statement reflected the kremlin s efforts to restore russia s global clout and rebuild the nation s military might while the ties with washington have been strained over u . s . criticism of russia s backsliding on democracy , moscow s vociferous protests of u . s . missile defense plans , and rifts over global crises .
italian airline alitalia canceled more flights wednesday amid a protest action by pilots and flight attendants .
astronaut sunita williams is stuck in space at least temporarily .
caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelans turned out sunday to vote on whether to approve broad constitutional changes that would bolster president hugo chavez s embrace of socialism and grant an indefinite extension of his eligibility to serve as president .
recently there has been a huge new influx of chinese and indian tourists on the european scene .
key , , said he s open to the possibility presley is alive , but he s counting on there being enough skeptics out there to make his new business a success .
brown tells reporters that the nato led coalition is taking the fight to the taliban and other extremist groups
helicopters transported military experts armed with dynamite and heavy equipment to the site monday morning .
after two german aid workers and their five afghan colleagues were seized by taliban in neighboring wardak province .
the worst this , the biggest drop in that .
chances are the interviewer will ask what you know about the company .
the general told gates he needed the additional soldiers to deal with rising violence in the country and to combat an expected taliban assault in the spring .
she s negotiating a deal to turn a collection of stories , the sex chronicles , into a cable tv miniseries .
attorney general michael mukasey collapsed tonight during a speech at the marriott park hotel in washington .
the x m relay squad also had chryste gaines , torri edwards , nanceen perry and passion richardson .
on wednesday , nine pakistanis arrived at a hospital in the northern town of panipat , a town near where the fire took place about kilometers miles north of new delhi , but failed to identify any of charred bodies being kept in the morgue , said mohinder singh , the superintendent of police .
the battle between clinton and obama took on new life after clinton broke obama s contest winning streak tuesday night .
and the former prime minister s husband , asif ali zardari , has called for an international and independent investigation , one under the auspices of the u . n .
the case began in july , when the two men , and , kidnapped and raped the french teenager at knifepoint .
he said they clearly belonged to the occupants of the car where the dead man was .
the statement is published in charlie hebdo , one of several european papers to reprint the caricatures .
north and south korea agreed over the weekend to conduct trial operations of two newly rejoined cross border railroads on may .
the bill sets the refusal rate at percent to ease concerns of countries fighting alongside the u . s . in iraq that their citizens would not be able to travel to the u . s . as freely as they would like .
neosho , missouri cnn a man with a machine pistol stormed a southwestern missouri church where his relatives were praying , shouting liars , liars as he opened fire and killed three people , police said monday .
roh s five year term ends in february .
if picked to continue on , they will tour next year with the circus .
the scandal came to light after some distraught parents of children who had been sold into slavery set up on online campaign to raise awareness of the issue .
movie audiences were more interested in light comedy over easter weekend than in quentin tarantino and robert rodriguez s grindhouse , a double feature ode to bloody exploitation flicks .
islamabad , pakistan pakistan has condemned britain s award of a knighthood to author salman rushdie as an affront to muslim sentiments , and a cabinet minister said the honor provided a justification for suicide attacks .
officers spoke to cho at length then asked him to see a counselor .
battlefield helicopter crews routinely practice landing in fields and confined spaces away from their airfields as a vital part of their training for operations , a statement said .
small protests have started in the capital , islamabad , where police and security forces are on the streets surrounding key sites .
he added a more in depth probe is required to say whether politicians fell victim to illegal bugging under kim s rule between and .
the opposition said it wants to use peaceful street protests to pressure the government to come to some sort of genuine power sharing deal with odinga .
most of the landscape that has been recorded so far has not changed much in millions of years .
rounding out his monday announcements , obama named retired marine gen . jim jones as his national security adviser , eric holder as attorney general , arizona gov . janet napolitano as homeland security secretary and susan rice as ambassador to the united nations .
how about racing down an olympic bobsled track park city , utah , www . parkcityinfo . com , or a state of the art skateboard park breckenridge , colorado , www . gobreck . com ?
nowhere is this debate clearer than in the african fashion industry .
future restrictions on ivory trading are due to be discussed at next month s cites convention at the hague in the netherlands with african nations in dispute over the best way forward .
for about a week , yi will undergo various medical check ups while adjusting to gravity in the gagarin space center hospital .
landing involves a hair raising plummet onto an uphill airstrip cut into the side of a mountain .
a human rights group sued yahoo wednesday on grounds the u . s . search company assisted china s communist government with torture by revealing information that led to the arrest of dissidents .
a pakistani independent television station also reported that it could potentially be dr .
but the international court of justice did rule that belgrade had violated international law by failing to prevent the massacre at srebrenica .
but the argentine s th minute goal will give united confidence going into the return leg at old trafford in two weeks , as they seek to reach the quarterfinals of the competition they won in .
a brighter new year s eve crystal ball to ring in waterford crystal has doubled the ball s size .
she intends to seek a third term as prime minister , possibly under a powersharing deal with pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf .
the goal is to leave santa s lap with a smile .
president lee hoped that the event will be a stepping stone for south korea s ambitions to become a space power .
bush is in lima , peru , for the annual meeting of the members of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum .
the rocket adorned with a malaysian flag and coat of arms and carrying a soyuz tma spacecraft was moved monday to the launch pad from its assembly site at the baikonur cosmodrome , which russia rents from kazakhstan .
it s clear from the final presidential debate that one of mccain s top priorities was to distance himself from bush , said cnn polling director keating holland .
the socialists have played on fears that a huge conservative majority may silence the voice of democracy , turning the parliament into sarkozy s rubber stamp , and see uncomfortable reforms hoisted on the populace .
president roh moo hyun has decided to accept the resignation of south korean ambassador to the united states hong seok hyun over his involvement in a slush funds scandal , according to chong wa dae .
. typos
leonard rubenstein , director of physicians for human rights , said the executive order was inadequate .
wenger s side completely overwhelmed portsmouth at the emirates stadium to extend their unbeaten start to the season despite playing most of the second half with men .
the mosque had been the focus of spiraling tensions between the government and radical students , who had waged a campaign for the adoption of strict islamic sharia law .
american basketball is planning to create up to five new european franchises who would compete for the nba championship , according to a report by sports illustrated .
kurdish rebel attacks against turkish positions during the past month have killed people , including soldiers , according to government and media reports .
los angeles , california cnn the same television networks that bring chilling news of war , natural disaster and economic woes into american homes will try to make amends this fall by offering viewers an escape route .
uefa could choose to stringently penalize marseille as european football s governing body looks to clamp down on fans misbehavior .
sugar free gums and candies that contain the sugar substitute xylitol can lead to quick onset of toxic clinical signs that may include a rapid decrease in blood sugar and possible seizures .
it centered in the molucca sea , some km miles south east of the city of manado .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon urged all nations on wednesday to stand united against terrorism , calling it the scourge of our times .
how do you get so intoxicated that you lose your pants ?
jim carrey on films , depression and love
cruise has come under fire from politicians and the stauffenberg family for his role in the movie due to his involvement with scientology , which the german government views as a cult .
other dog shelters and re homing centers across the country are also at bursting point as a result of an increase in requests for re homing and a decrease in people wanting to take on the responsibility of looking after a dog .
it also said it has not received any notice or legal documents in connection with the allegations from any regulatory , governmental or judicial authority in the people s republic of china .
an estimated . million south africans are infected with the aids virus the largest number in any country in the world and about people die each day of the disease .
after checking their serial numbers , the police concluded that they were the stolen weapons .
watson , , had been due to give a lecture at london s science museum on friday but the museum canceled his appearance , saying his comments had gone beyond the point of acceptable debate .
the pkk denies involvement in the ankara attack , and a u . s . state department spokesman cautions that the investigation into the attack is ongoing .
the president enjoyed his visit with the president elect , and he again pledged a smooth transition to the next administration .
a robotic spacecraft circling mars has snapped the first image of a series of active avalanches near the planet s north pole , scientists said monday .
in the morning , the president has meetings with his host , prime minister gordon brown , and the leaders of russia and china , before brown convenes the group of summit , so leaders of the world s biggest economies can grapple with the spreading global recession .
they said he grabbed a hammer and hit her on the head , then took out his knife and stabbed her times .
captain richard phillips has had some time home in vermont , and now lawmakers want his views on what should be done to confront the growing challenge the pirates pose to cargo ships .
the source said the computers were hacked mid summer by either a foreign government or organization .
the . gram of enriched uranium obtained by south korean scientists in an isolated experiment in should have been reported to the united nations nuclear watchdog , but the case must not exaggerated , the korea times quotes government officials as saying wednesday .
the safety commission said pc users should remove laptop batteries immediately and contact the manufacturer to request a replacement .
the red , yellow and blue replica is made entirely of lego .
under the reform , all workers will have to work for years to qualify for full pensions , compared to . years now .
gasoline prices surged . percent on year .
the holy day marked the end of a day mourning period for the death of imam hussein , the grandson of the prophet muhammad . hussein died near karbala in a th century battle .
world rushes to a fix
companies like nike and adidas , which have had a presence in the country for decades , have helped spur the growth with sponsorship of teams and tournaments .
cnn the united nations is establishing a task force to address the global food crisis , which is increasingly resulting in social tension , the world body said tuesday .
however , he said the one dealing with the summons of individuals without warrants was unconstitutional , which will limit the scope of the investigation .
they were joined by other demonstrators critical of how china forcefully deports north korean refugees back to their impoverished country when they escape into china .
washington cnn satellite photos showing the disappearance of villages and a buildup of army camps offer what researchers say is potential evidence of human rights abuses in myanmar , the scene of bloody anti government protests that have drawn tens of thousands of demonstrators .
he said the agreement includes measures to provide a safer online experience for teens , and we look forward to sharing our ongoing safety innovations with other companies .
daimlerchrysler charts announced it will sell an percent stake in its u . s . brand to cerberus capital management , a private equity investment firm that will pay . billion .
security services believe a terrorist attack is highly likely in britain .
still standing , the monastery is open to the public and is easily found at the park s main parking area and entrance , at an altitude of around , feet .
he had a big idol moment weeks ago when he mixed up bon jovi s you give love a bad name to add fresh beats a move that secured him a spot in the final four . even cowell loved it .
former chrysler executive wolfgang bernhard , a senior adviser to cerberus , is expected to be named chairman of the board at chrysler , but there was no announcement about bernhard on friday .
the standard poor s index slid percent to its lowest level since march , and the nasdaq composite lost . percent to settle at its lowest point since april .
when the party s minute gathering ended at p . m . , the banner hanging over the stage was quickly changed from evil laws on non regular employees to against the fta between south korea and the united states .
the doctor is related to two of the six people being held in the uk over the alleged attempted car bomb attacks on central london and glasgow at the end of last month
he said officers should be careful about how they handle mass incidents .
melatonin improves the quality of sleep and dulls the awakening signal in the body clock .
a crisis had been brewing in pakistan at the time he called karzai and told him he couldn t make a personal appearance .
lawrence summers tells abc s this week there s nothing the government can do legally to prevent those bonuses
the media dogged hilton as she made her getaway , jockeying for position and snapping photos of the socialite for miles along the los angeles freeway system .
de jesus preaches there is no devil and no sin .
i used to go around the house and imitate edward g . robinson .
cheryl katzmarzyk wants to be able to put a name to the remains , and to those of hundreds of other bodies stacked around her in a building in lukavac , near tuzla in the northeast of bosnia .
success in iraq is critical to the security of free people everywhere , he said .
try being a college student these days .
president hu jintao , national people s congress chief wu bangguo and premier wen jiabao are each expected to be re elected to five year terms .
neither candidate is close to the , needed to win the democratic nomination .
the danish leader later said the country was considering enlarging its military contingent in afghanistan by troops .
the united nations chartered a helicopter to bring emergency supplies to areas where floods rendered roads impassible . we are targeting those in direst need .
afghan officials said fighter jets and ground forces were still patrolling the region and that the fighting continued into saturday .
the newspaper said one of the pupils ran away from the school , blaming the alleged abuse .
saimon shouted liars , liars , you re all liars before opening fire with a semiautomatic machine pistol commonly known as a tech , police chief david mccracken said .
it is not uncommon for preliminary casualty figures to vary
heavy rains had led them to seek shelter with local tribes , the spokesman said .
but he warned he would veto the current bill , which funds operations in iraq to the end of july but makes further money dependent on events in iraq .
one award is certain steven spielberg will receive the cecil b . demille award for his outstanding contribution to the entertainment field from the hollywood foreign press association , the globes organization .
earle penned one of the album s standout tracks , god is god , which he describes as recovery speak .
petrocaribe allows nations to repay venezuela over up to years with percent interest as long as the price of crude is above a barrel .
the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue , said the town was destroyed by the sudanese army and its allied janjaweed militias of nomad arabs .
both locals and tourists pursue a policy of peaceful coexistence .
still , the experience of one internationally managed company doesn t reflect what might happen across an entire economy , economists say , and employers are being asked to pay out in advance what could amount to a hourly wage hike for benefits that may not materialize .
the united arab emirates uae where dubai is located is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate gulf states .
despite a police ban , about , farmers and workers gathered in daehangno , seoul for a massive rally , and marched through the city to the shilla hotel , causing severe traffic congestion . the shilla hotel is the venue for the free trade talks .
earlier this week , the united nations warned that up to , children could be affected by the disaster , including , under the age of five .
in an e mail statement signed by their top two leaders , prachanda and baburam bhattarai , the maoists said they backed the nationwide strike .
sarkozy has come under attack for his overtures to washington , in particular a trip to the united states where he briefly met president george w . bush and criticized the way in which france opposed the u . s . led invasion of iraq in .
i do appeal to the hamas movement and the british government not not to resort to the tactics of force in an effort to end this , johnston said in a video clip released by his captors and posted on islamic militant web sites .
but most protesters don t work in the industry and are more focused on the need for good education and health care things they say a few dozen more waiter and bellhop jobs won t fix .
there could be more but finding them is difficult because they re drowned out by the deafening barks of hundreds of dogs .
the queen toured a replica of an armory , and she smiled as she touched a gloved hand to a th century breastplate .
they also criticized the role of the united states in the middle eastern crisis .
sydney has led the charge , and now we re asking our prime minister to lead the charge in copenhagen .
i am pleased that we re discussing a way forward to make sure that such a crisis is unlikely to occur again .
that produced a blackout in states of the country , particularly those of the central north coastal area .
rangers regain contact with war threatened gorillas
at least one of the plane s wheels had been torn off .
he calls on the senior leadership of the country to cooperate fully with this mission in order to take advantage of the willingness of the united nations to assist in the process of a national reconciliation through dialogue , said a u . n . statement .
today , president bush is hosting his father , bill clinton , and jimmy carter , so barack obama can pick their brains .
a u . s . intelligence official said the intelligence community is waiting to see if a video is , in fact , released .
sex is not mentioned in the document and has long been almost a taboo topic at nasa .
instead , oxford wants to know
matt lauer is nursing a bum shoulder .
saddam is just one in a long line of sunni muslims who have dominated iraqi politics and the military despite being roughly one third of the population .
it s his hometown , said cincinnati s ken griffey jr . , the top nl vote getter .
as it does all sex outside of marriage
the standardized inventory , known as the npi , asks for responses to such statements as if i ruled the world , it would be a better place , i think i am a special person and i can live my life any way i want to .
anti aircraft weaponry is in place to protect south korean world cup football venues but the government and armed forces have yet to finalize a strategy to contend with breaches of no fly zones who wished to remain anonymous , said that president kim had been briefed on security and presented with a detailed report about the u . s . economy s chances for recovery , contrasting somewhat with his remarks earlier this month but still pointing out the risks to a runaway recovery .
political parties in belgium have been unable to form a ruling coalition since the june general election , leaving the country without a government for half a year .
volume was moderate at . million shares worth . trillion won , with gainers outpacing losers to .
but he avoided washington s description of the darfur crisis as genocide , a line which has infuriated khartoum .
but tracking and spotting a tiger in the indian jungle with an experienced guide turned out to be every bit as thrilling as homing in on a pair of cheetahs in the african grasslands . but more of that later .
all states that a republican has to win , barack obama s now leading , by a relatively comfortable margin .
when he saw the number of people pushing the gate he sensed danger and hid behind the pillar between the two gates . the pressure was however too much for the wall and it fell on him and was trapped under the pillar , he told the newspaper .
hopefully we ll have answers in a short period of time , he said .
egyptian guards stood by without intervening , and egypt s foreign ministry spokesman announced that the nation would remain open to the needy as long as this is a humanitarian crisis .
the emergency decree also stiffened penalties for anyone found guilty of fraud .
war has been a constant in afghanistan , as regional powers battled for control of the territory often described as the cockpit of asia , and the bamiyan buddhas were silent witness to much of it .
wearing white t shirts and waving flags , thousands marched on bogota s main plaza .
reports of the attacks came as the british ministry of defense announced that two british military helicopters apparently collided and crashed sunday in a rural area on the northern outskirts of baghdad , killing two british troops and injuring four others , one seriously .
a federal court in manhattan friday issued a temporary order freezing madoff s assets and appointing a receiver over him and his firm , his global securities broker company , bernard l . madoff investment securities bmis .
soomro said every effort would be made to catch the culprits and punish them .
salma is the kind of person who could sell you , like , a used stereo . she promised me that it would be done in the right way , and i just trusted her .
us senators reacted quickly to the allegation , saying they would order the phone companies to testify about it .
the loya jirga is to complete its work by june sixteenth .
i will apply the law to everyone . . . on militias , political parties , on participants in the political process , he said .
the uefa statement , issued on wednesday , also mentioned general crowd disturbances but did not specifically refer to clashes between italian police and united fans .
though it looks like a space aged android playing the harmonica , it s actually a device designed to protect you in a biological or chemical attack .
guarded by u . s . and british armored vehicles , korean troops traveled aboard vehicles .
most humans on earth accept that u . s . astronauts first got to the moon aboard the apollo mission on july , .
cindy mccain is the daughter of a millionaire arizona anheuser busch beer distributor whose net worth has been widely estimated to be in the tens of millions .
the norfolk based company said the clothing should be available for retail around the end of march .
last year u . s . consumers bought million tapes , valued at nearly billion .
oil closed near a barrel on friday almost double the price a year ago .
media reports in new zealand , citing the government , listed the quake reportedly felt as far south as the city of christchurch at . magnitude .
senator patrick leahy , meanwhile , says fines are not enough to force companies to adhere to food safety laws
she has become the face of the pro democracy movement in myanmar and the focus of a global campaign to free her .
in some respects , it s one of the best summers . fares are low and the industry s safety record is excellent .
just half an hour before , a bomb went off in another bus at a terminal in cotabato city , also on mindanao .
the bank also said it used a dated computer system and that it didn t pay enough attention to maintaining its own books .
the year old wong is the richest person in mainland china , worth an estimated . billion , according to the china rich list , which is compiled by the hurun institute .
the government gets to spy on us all the time ,
the father of four was killed after complaining to a neighbor about the loud music coming from his house , according to reports in fairfax and news ltd . newspapers .
coomaraswamy sees the middle east , sudan s darfur and eastern chad as the new trouble spots .
we may have exposed a hole in security at heathrow , but it s not as big as the hole in prime minister gordon brown s climate change policy , said sarah shoraka , , another of the protesters .
in addition to the traditional holy week ceremonies , he will preside over a mass on monday afternoon in honor of john paul to mark the second anniversary of the pontiff s death .
no officials are named in the order .
the change limits use of the popular outlets for service members on the front lines , who regularly post videos and journals .
tutoring company oxbridge applications
each will take a third of the prize .
the result caps an incredible period for italian football , with the domestic game embroiled in a corruption scandal similar to when they last won the world cup .
the fun center of the wine country
hill s remarks came shortly after the bush administration said pyongyang had agreed to disable its nuclear facilities at yongbyon where plutonium is produced by the end of this year in a deal forged by the so called six party talks in beijing .
the lawmakers said in a statement that the president s brother was to some degree responsible for the falling popularity of the grand national party gnp .
but they found only a sand bag thought to be a body , old rusted shell castings and a shoe that looked like an upside down military boot .
chae had served time in prison for the palace fire .
spears former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons until further order of the court , according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon .
and just what does this mean to waterford ?
the main question was how badly the once powerful leftists would lose .
communist china s state owned media said the abuses had come to light in linyi city in the eastern province of shandong .
it was a different matter , though , with russian president vladimir putin , who also opposed the u . s . led drive to depose saddam hussein but , in washington s view , was not confrontational about it .
fourth ranked davydenko then twice broke the rd ranked tsonga in the second set to close the indoor carpet match .
japan opened the conference tuesday by issuing a stinging rebuke of the dozens of anti whaling nations that stayed away , saying their absence would prevent much needed improvements to the commission .
as we learn more about how widespread this is , it may be that the rates of severe disease in mexico will end up being not different than what we ve seen here .
together with the british independent film awards , the festival is brought to life each year by raindance , an organization that offers support to independent filmmakers .
early on monday , israeli planes targeted the port of tripoli , lebanon s second city , for the first time .
i look forward to playing in the new year for what will hopefully be an even better .
the first center opened in for children .
it also includes a provision for jpmorgan to buy million new bear stearns shares immediately , which gives it a . percent stake in bear before shareholders have even voted .
paris , france cnn brangelina s twins aren t here yet , but the big day is drawing closer .
the aftershocks magnitudes . , . and . struck within minutes of each other and came a day after a . magnitude temblor shook northern chile , according to the u . s . geological survey .
rescue crews sunday resumed sifting through the rubble of a small kansas town destroyed by tornadoes friday night .
home construction down again , according to the commerce department this morning , but the dow is up in the first minutes on wall street
the flu like illness killed people between february and may of , according to the world health organization .
but i have not been given any indication of whether i will be taken out of this house arrest or whether i will be taken to my own house or to any unknown destination , bhutto said .
the move would bring the number of us troops in iraq to pre surge levels .
hsbc holdings submitted an application to financial regulators for approval of its bid to take over a majority stake in korea exchange bank keb , the country s sixth largest lender , regulators said thursday .
microsoft is taking its video game foray into difficult territory not since the days of atari has a major u . s . company attempted to defeat the japanese game giants though microsoft stunned analysts with an unexpectedly strong xbox launch in the u . s . last november , it may be an uphill battle for the world s number one software company in japan .
we are getting reports on a daily basis of people being picked up , villarosa said .
the new seven wonders of the world were named saturday following an online vote that generated server crushing traffic in its final hours . the final tally produced this list of the world s top human built wonders
before the closing , marmon said it will make a substantial distribution of cash and certain assets to the selling shareholders , according to the statement .
the bullet train , the g , have turned up serious flaws .
the players involved in what was intended to be a light hearted sketch were trundled off to the police station for questioning after reports emerged that the play insulted korea and koreans , which turned out to be inaccurate .
but kerviel s attorney claimed victory monday because the preliminary charges failed to include fraud .
gates said the request came from commanders about six weeks ago , and defense officials at the quebec meeting agreed that it should be filled .
we are all sick and we have a lot of problems .
everything was bedlam for about or seconds , robinson said . we gather several properties in town have been damaged . it s had a serious effect on lots of people in the city .
seven publications in france , germany , the netherlands , italy and spain all carried some of the drawings .
we re not willing to pull the hand back yet , because we think there s still some opportunity .
a day later north korean border guards took them into custody .
sen . barack obama raised more than twice as much last month , taking in million for his campaign .
however , an afghan governor and the taliban both denied the report .
perper said the drugs in smith s system acted on the respiration and circulation systems and basically shut them down .
the voice was unmistakable .
he said nothing about his ordeal except to ask for water .
department of homeland security secretary michael chertoff was unmoved .
but the turkish government , which received approval from the parliament to take military action , is primed to take such action .
they have the highest protein content of root and tuber crops around . percent , half the daily recommended intake of vitamin c , and a fifth of the recommended daily value of potassium .
thousands of angry shiites on thursday protested the bombing in eastern baghdad s sadr city neighborhood .
silva claimed that the star of the matrix , speed and bill and ted s excellent adventure struck him with his porsche in march , causing him to fall and injure his left wrist .
but prosecutors said stallone had demonstrated a consciousness of guilt by throwing the testosterone from the hotel .
we must begin to develop a comprehensive plan for our country s gradual military disengagement from iraq and a corresponding increase in responsibility to the iraqi government and its regional neighbors , he wrote . watch gop senators defect on iraq
rich was a commodities trader who fled to europe in after tax evasion charges and allegations of illegal oil dealings with iran .
the agreement was reached in september after six party talks involving north korea , the united states , china , south korea , japan and russia . at a february meeting , a set of initial actions were agreed upon , including freeing the macau funding .
as of tuesday , obama had spent a total of . million in advertising in the two states . clinton had spent . million .
hosseini s announcement came shortly after a top iranian envoy , ali larijani , arrived in baghdad for talks on issues to be raised at the conference .
we started out with over people at the gate when we opened up the doors at a . m . , election official chris tatem said .
some of the protests have turned violent in other cities , as thousands took to the street to condemn the invasion against hamas .
but clinton pointed out superdelegates are free to change their minds and she hopes they will evaluate her wins since february and the coalition of voters she s pulled together .
president roh moo hyun said tuesday the power structure in east asia will shift depending on what choices korea makes .
although still officially a concept , this vehicle is fully functional and a development of it could be production as soon as the end of this year , with honda committed to selling this model in japan and the u . s . next year .
according to tsa spokesman christopher white , lensky slapped a flight attendant on the hand , moved forward in the cabin , pulled out a lighter and tried to ignite the curtains around the flight attendants rest area .
getting the bridge to the construction stage was not easy , said keith martin , vice president of koda development , a joint venture between the incheon city government and amec , a multinational public works company , based in london , that is managing the project .
demonstrations have spread across the grindingly poor south asian country in the past three days with students demanding an end to emergency rule , imposed in january when president iajuddin ahmed canceled scheduled elections and declared a state of emergency .
hutchins was found not guilty of kidnapping , assault , housebreaking and obstruction of justice .
the british newspaper news of the world posted the videos on its web site saturday .
the airport encourages travelers to check with their airlines for information on possible delays or cancellations .
and w is unlikely to change that .
i am loyal to the police department and the university , he told mainstreetnewspapers . com .
experts said the storm could be the worst to hit china in a decade .
the movie are subject to strict campaign finance laws on political advocacy , or would be considered a constitutionally protected form of commercial speech .
the primary is expected to be the most decisive in the race to be the party s candidate in the november election .
try being a college student these days .
the union backed party clinched seats and is now represented in parliament for the first time .
the government says to people have been killed in all , but the opposition says at least , have died .
the european resolution calls on tokyo to accept historical and legal responsibility , in an unequivocal manner , for the coercion of young women into sexual slavery and to eliminate barriers restricting compensation for the victims .
and iraqi political parties representing a majority of the country s parliament blasted the proposal as a threat to iraq sovereignty and unity .
the nelson mandela foundation issued a statement condemning the senseless violence that police say was sparked a week ago in johannesburg s alexandra township .
as a result , grocery purchases , government hospital bills , property sales , rent , vegetables and even mobile phone recharge cards are now paid for in foreign currency , as the worthless zimbabwe dollar virtually ceases to be legal tender .
lugovoi said berezovsky s motive was litvinenko s possession of great material that could expose the underhanded way berezovsky acquired political refugee status in britain .
these are ecosystems that have evolved over millions and millions of years , said knights . as soon as you start to take out an important part of it , it s like a brick wall , you take out bricks and eventually it s going to collapse .
the new bills are brighter , smaller and have high tech antiforgery features such as color shifting ink and an optically variable device .
it states , contractors shall be immune from iraqi legal process with respect to acts performed by them pursuant to the terms and conditions of a contract or any sub contract thereto .
remember , pakistan has nuclear weapons . the last thing we want is to have al qaeda like followers in charge of pakistan and having access to nuclear weapons .
we do expect that she should be able to walk normally and lead a normal life .
jankovic marks elevation with stuttgart win
there s a digital handle that tracks temperature , time , distance and speed just in case energetic parents want to track their split times around the playground .
two of obama s leading supporters , sens .
hill unexpectedly returned to beijing on the same day when north korean leader kim jong il was heading back to pyongyang after allegedly consulting with china s president hu jintao in beijing on how to deal with washington s financial sanctions against pyongyang .
john and penny adie , organizers of the two moors festival in the southwest county of devon , had spent two years raising money to buy the piano , only to watch in horror as it fell to the ground with one hell of a crash .
the emergency laws also need the approval of the senate , which votes on the issue on wednesday .
already the slowdown has cost us tens of thousands of jobs in january alone .
security consultants said suicide rates were often higher among law enforcement officers than in the civilian population , primarily because of job pressures .
nassau , bahamas cnn larry birkhead is the father of anna nicole smith s baby daughter , dannielynn , a bahamian judge ruled tuesday .
our fate is through agreement and the mechanism is to return to the logic of the state and institutions , said amin , without naming hezbollah and amal .
he walks with a limp because of injuries sustained in when a truck ran his car off the road an incident widely viewed as another attempt on his life .
both sadr city and new baghdad are largely shiite , and fighting raged for weeks in sadr city between troops and militants until a recent peace deal took hold .
the chunk of amber containing the almost . inch frog was uncovered by a miner in mexico s southern chiapas state in and was bought by a private collector , who lent it to scientists for study .
in a statement , british airways said all passengers and crew members had been evacuated from the plane with six minor injuries taken to hospital .
a top lawyer for george w . bush s election campaign resigned on wednesday after disclosing he has been providing legal advice to a group that accuses democratic presidential candidate john kerry of lying about his vietnam war record .
the ppp got most of its support from the rural north and northeast , where thaksin s programs , including universal heath care and generous village development funds , won a hard core following .
, the ministry said in a statement . authorities were attempting to determine the source of contamination .
police said it had been set deliberately but the explosion did not appear to be the work of the basque separatist group eta .
so henriksen , of phoenix , arizona , cut her hair and sold it on the internet to a hair trader in the netherlands .
pyongyang also asked washington to agree to set up a cooperative committee through which information on illegal financial transactions could be exchanged . he said the u . s . delegation did not respond to the suggestion .
south korea s defense ministry said sunday that it would decide whether to send a response to the north over its demand for a retraction in a few days .
microsoft ceo steve ballmer said the move marked the next major milestone for the washington based company .
it will be sold to the highest bidder saturday .
on the women s side , marta of brazil captured the award with points , ahead of birgit prinz of germany with and cristiane of brazil with .
islamabad , pakistan cnn scores of lawyers rallied outside the house of pakistan s ousted chief justice to demand his reinstatement on thursday in the latest demonstration against emergency measures imposed by the country s crisis hit president .
what is new about the study is that it averages the results to give the most comprehensive picture to date of how well each nation s education system is functioning as a whole .
he said she had since been charged with blasphemy , an offense he said was punishable with up to three months in prison and a fine , reuters . com reported .
instead , the plane crashed about five miles from the airport in a neighborhood called the preserve at lake monroe .
the korea times reports bush made the remark two days before the six way talks are to open in beijing to denuclearize north korea .
mobile bomb fighting robots can already inspect suspicious cars , buildings or mail for explosives or hazardous materials , according to jan karlsson , an expert at the u . n .
south korean leader roh moo hyun has less than six months left in office , with presidential elections set for december .
according to cnn s latest count , obama leads clinton in total delegates , to , .
we weren t even having cyber sex or anything like that , we were just chatting and hanging out together , he told the western morning news .
wyden said in a statement that his bill aimed to slow the flow of spam , but another anti spam crusader in the u . s . legislature , said the bill , while a good start , didn t go far enough .
the german automaker retained a . percent interest in the new company , chrysler llc .
oh and a bullet was fired from the rifle , the chief investigator of the incident said , adding that his fingerprints were also found on the rifle and the broken seal of the cartridge .
gen . david richards , who was replaced sunday as nato s commander , told ap on saturday that very surgical and deliberate force would be used to evict the fighters from musa qala , where he said the alliance s strategy of avoiding military action has driven a wedge between residents and taliban insurgents .
london based producer and distributor pathe productions said tuesday it had commissioned a film about former prime minister margaret thatcher , set during the falkland islands war with argentina .
the white house said karzai and musharraf had already greeted each other with handshakes before the reception .
in that style , the emperor is clad with military garb and is holding a cross in his right hand .
my goal is to fit into these pants better , he said , patting his stomach .
a k assault rifle and a magazine with bullets were found under a bridge near the baekyangsa rest area on a highway in south jeolla province .
it could be used in post offices , in surveillance of offices after hours and to inspect suspicious cars .
those projects include cross border railways , tourism and an industrial park .
they were better prepared physically tonight , they ve been resting players and that can make a difference at this level while we ve been playing the same players for a few weeks now .
after studying at san mateo junior college and the university of san francisco , griffin quit school to apply for a job as pianist at radio station kfrc in san francisco . the station needed a vocalist instead . he auditioned and was hired .
cut more than deals with u . s . companies for access to their biotechnology .
watching the bright turquoise sea wash up on the pure sand beach that fringes dark green rainforest .
the hindu nationalists demanded a ban on valentine s day celebrations .
yes , and that small moment is a sweet acknowledgment that they ve both aged .
makeba died early today after collapsing at a concert in italy .
huerta is suspected of posting a message that he would shoot and kill as many people as possible on campus before being killed himself by police , authorities said .
but chicago took the lead for keeps on andres nocioni s three pointer with minutes to go and dominated the closing minutes , scoring the final eight points .
miami , florida cnn the minister has the number tattooed on his arm .
while the substance is not new , it wasn t until recently that a wada lab developed an effective urine test for it , ioc spokeswoman emmanuelle moreau told cnn .
lee hamilton , who also served as the vice chairman of the commission , says the iraq war distracted the united states when it had al qaeda leader osama bin laden on the run in the tribal region between afghanistan and pakistan . he says it s now time to finish the job .
a japanese official said there was no written agreement to halt the hunt , but acknowledged that tokyo could be considering changes to its whaling program in light of the fierce international opposition to the hunt .
the accord for the south koreans release came during one of the bloodiest periods of the taliban s war against u . s . and nato forces since the taliban regime was toppled in late after the september attacks on the united states .
iran detained the marines and sailors on march as they were making anti smuggling patrols near the mouth of the shatt al arab , at the northern end of the persian gulf .
police , some with sniffer dogs , had to force back the hundreds who milled around the edges hoping to get a glance of the festivities , watched by chinese leaders and international olympic committee president jacques rogge .
despite interference from the financial supervisory service , hsbc said yesterday it has agreed to acquire a . percent stake of korea exchange bank from the u . s . buyout firm lone star for about . billion .
cnnvideo play , video showbiz vargas . oscar . jennifer . hudson . dwks ,
delaware bay , delaware
but seshoka said the , workers could be endangered by gases seeping out of the ground , a lack of oxygen or flooding . he disputed the company s account of the situation , which he called desperate .
in mainland china , the shanghai composite index fell . percent .
beijing has accused the dalai lama of being behind the demonstrations the biggest against china for years , which have left several people dead .
firefox reached . million downloads by early evening tuesday to match firefox s first day downloads .
michel filliau , a senior ioc official who took part in the meeting , said a rule change in meant only national committees from countries recognized by the international community can take part in the olympics .
sharif was deposed by president gen . pervez musharraf in the coup and went into exile in saudi arabia .
european leaders plan to lobby china to lower barriers to imports and foreign investment and ease currency controls when
bush said he expected his first peer to peer meeting with medvedev to come at july s g leaders summit in japan .
shada has endured many tough times amid war and conflict .
the mayors of texas know because last summer they saw and learned as americores swept through the state of texas and in the course of eight weeks immunized over a , little kids .
three of the men initially charged have now agreed to plead guilty and testify for the prosecution .
a new poll out monday appears to bolster hillary clinton s argument that she is in a better position than rival barack obama to beat john mccain in a general election match up .
pieces of the spacecraft were found in several east texas counties and in louisiana .
the fbi has found networks of zombie computers being used to spread spam , steal ids and attack websites .
they were expected to surrender in utah .
she was detained shortly after arriving at the airport .
to that end , the jordin sparks cd is decidedly family friendly much like the talent competition that launched her career .
in , nasa picked new hampshire teacher christa mcauliffe from , applicants to be the first teacher to fly into space .
for round trip , a moto cabbie will take you into the amotape mountains to the thermal hot springs at poza de barro .
a process that will climax in the november presidential election .
you can blame this summer s hot weather for the drought .
the citibank union wants management to match the pay and working conditions of koram bank employees and the same right to labor union activities .
these could be targeted with ballistic or cruise missiles or maybe a completely new system he said .
armstrong fears for safety in tour de france
his penalty equaliser five minutes before half time against depor was his sixth goal of the season .
fire department spokeswoman rita wright says firefighters were able to keep the flames from other nearby buildings
iran plans to release a book and cd detailing the arrest and detention of british sailors and marines whom tehran blames for illegally crossing into iranian waters , an iranian military spokesman said .
markey s committee heard testimony about how global warming and drilling activity would affect the polar bear population on wednesday .
the participation rate could help determine the size of the presidential majority , with a high turnout helping the socialists , in crisis since the may presidential election . the first round parliamentary vote a week ago saw a record low voter turnout of barely percent .
meanwhile , detectives from britain s scotland yard on sunday once again examined the white land cruiser that bhutto was riding in when she was assassinated , pakistan s state run news agency said .
is de jesus really a cult leader like david koresh , who died with more than of his branch davidian followers in a fiery end to a standoff with federal authorities , or jim jones , the founder of the peoples temple who committed mass suicide with followers in ?
nor has pavick experienced headaches over paying for her bethanechol
but she is dismayed by the competitiveness of some students who seem prematurely focused on career status .
he said another person who was with the man narrowly escaped injury .
this futuristic fusion of fashion and technology is becoming more common as clothes designers are increasingly incorporating electronics into their garments .
at least , protesters marched to bangkok s government house on sunday , chanting thaksin out !
the ministry last july begun researching to develop the home grown english test with the soaring number of korean students applying for international english tests to enter overseas universities especially in the united states , which has added to growing educational costs .
with putin s backing and no major political figures announcing plans to run against him , medvedev looks likely to coast to victory in next year s presidential elections .
in pleading guilty , i overreacted in minneapolis , because of the stress of the idaho statesman s investigation and the rumors it has fueled around idaho , he said . again , that overreaction was a mistake , and i apologize for my misjudgment .
turkey has already massed , troops in the region and over the weekend it shelled farms across the border .
south korean finance minister lee hun jai has resigned from his job after heavy criticism of an allegedly illegal land transaction by his wife .
if i had to lose to anyone , roger is the man , nadal said out on court .
victims are stricken with a sudden onset of acute watery diarrhea , which can cause death by severe dehydration and kidney failure .
while the algae poses no health threats , it has blocked sailing routes , the news agency xinhua said .
woolmer , who was , died after being found unconscious in his kingston hotel room on march , following his team s loss to ireland in the cricket world cup .
the second term new york democrat pledged to immerse myself in there , pointing to the chamber .
the order allows authorities to ban demonstrations and gives police extended powers of search and arrest .
shia and sunni must work together for iraq .
denis simmoneau , deputy spokesman for the french foreign ministry , said in august that noriega would be treated as a prisoner of war in france but that he would not officially be given that status .
president roh moo hyun will meet north korea s kim jong il in the north s capital , pyongyang , from august .
the unanimous cabinet vote represents a major escalation in the israeli palestinian conflict .
poker champion phil laak has a good chance of winning when he sits down this week to play , hands of texas hold em against a computer .
caught in the act with her lover , tracy denise roberson thinking quickly , if not clearly cried rape , authorities say .
with terrestrial television programs already marketed on third generation mobile services such as june or fimm , there is no logic in blocking them from satellite based dmb , said kim , in a seoul news conference yesterday .
he was not detained as the court refused prosecutors to issue arrest warrants four times , citing a lack of evidence .
french anti racism laws prevent inciting hatred and discrimination on racial or religious or racial grounds .
president bush ordered nearly , additional troops to iraq in january to pacify baghdad and its surrounding provinces .
now ronaldo has seen off winner kaka , of ac milan , spain euro top scorer fernando torres of liverpool and barcelona stars xavi and lionel messi .
we still hold the same faith but after the death of pastor bae and shim sung min , the families are in greater pain , the families said in a joint statement read on korean tv by the mother of lee sun young , a year old woman held by the afghan captors .
they can even apply for a job .
and whether they exist at all remains cloaked in mystery .
however , officials have remained concerned that a tight labor market that could force employers to boost wages to find and retain workers .
the riots broke out after nearly hindus were killed when a train was set on fire in the town of godhra , allegedly by a muslim mob .
kamen s invention has won over some bigwigs in california s silicon valley who have seen ginger and reportedly thrown money behind it , according to initial reports in january on the news web site inside . com .
sunday s fatalities bring the death toll of u . s . troops in the iraq war to , .
doje cering , , told xinhua he smashed a red car and a white van with stones during the protests .
thompson entered the race in september , long after his republican rivals had announced their candidacies and began raising money .
top u . s . nuclear negotiator christopher hill said on tuesday that north korea must do more to dismantle its nuclear weapons program , before it can be removed from washington s list of states that sponsor terrorism .
the jailbreak occurred while dinner was being served .
the jirga meeting has nothing to do with us , ahmadi said .
a south korean woman held hostage with others in afghanistan has pleaded for help to secure their release .
president bush ordered u . s . troops into iraq on march , , after months of warnings that then iraqi leader saddam hussein was concealing stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons and efforts to build a nuclear bomb .
wuterich also is charged with making a false official statement and trying to get another marine to make a false statement .
survivors have been taken to hospitals around manila bay , a shore region off the philippine capital of manila .
he denies the allegations , accusing his successor gloria arroyo and church leaders of conspiring against him .
professor mary kaufman at the mcgill school of journalism taught saberi , and says international pressure forced iran to release her
about percent of voters opposed the amendments , while approximately percent were in favor of them .
the contract jumped . to settle at a record . on thursday .
he founded a charity organization in chicago for which obama served as chairman of the board , and ayres hosted a meet the candidate event at which obama first ran for state office in the mid s .
burning toxic chemicals made it difficult for firefighters to approach the building to extinguish the blaze , which gutted the entire warehouse .
japan and north start talks on recognition .
turkish foreign minister ali babacan rejected reports of an apparent cease fire offer from kurdish separatists tuesday during a visit to baghdad for talks with iraqi leaders aimed at defusing tensions along the countries shared border .
senators could consider a tax break for home buyers today , after adding help for car buyers and the auto industry yesterday .
the u . s . , which views muslim pakistan as a key ally in its battle against al qaeda linked extremism , welcomed musharraf s vote pledge but renewed calls for the emergency to be lifted .
former president francois mitterand not only lived apart from his wife , danielle , but he maintained a secret second family that turned up in public only at his funeral .
india is trying to attract foreign investment to spur its economy and help develop its largely backward infrastructure .
between the close and the low , the dow s swing was points
i always want to do music that influences and inspires each generation , he says .
north korea tested a nuclear weapon in .
investing icon john doerr has called kamen a blend of thomas edison and henry ford .
he is from india , and she is from indonesia , but both are naturalized u . s . citizens .
gran torino , the just out clint eastwood flick that s again earning the director critical plaudits , received its sole nomination for best song , which he co wrote .
merkel said the plan would ensure that anyone who made reckless market decisions would be made to answer for their actions .
only strong and united can south america occupy its rightful place among nations , brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva said . this will be the first international bank truly controlled by the nations of our continent .
the full impact of the credit crisis on europe s economic growth is still uncertain , but tighter borrowing conditions could hit hard by making it tougher for companies to get a loan and homebuyers from securing a mortgage .
national media showed the disgraced youths , handcuffed , heads bowed , and tops undressed to reveal full backside tattoos of dragons , scaled fishes , birds and roses .
declarations by russian officials that refugees return to chechnya is completely voluntary is simply not true , said anna neistat , head of the moscow office of human rights watch .
earlier saturday , frozen north korean funds that were thawed as part of a february agreement to get pyongyang to abandon its nuclear program were transferred out of a bank in macau , china , to a russian bank , where north korea has an account .
at the end of the video , a message appears on the screen in afrikaans saying , that , at the end of the day , is what we think of integration .
the two agencies , which together will choose a final plan by jan . , instructed the architects who unveiled their designs wednesday to plan for . million to million square feet of office space on the acre site .
saturday night live has been parodying politicians for years , sometimes with such precision that their catchphrases carvey s wouldn t be prudent , ferrell s misunderestimated have become more closely associated with the politicians than the politicians own words . but with the ever increasing crossover of politics and entertainment
kate middleton , girlfriend of britain s prince william , has complained to britain s press watchdog about a photograph in a tabloid newspaper . the picture in the daily mirror showed middleton glancing over her shoulder as she walked in the street holding a coffee .
the undercover video from the animal rights group shows workers at a farm in west virginia kicking and throwing turkeys
prosecutors called it a case of modern day slavery . assistant u . s . attorney mark lesko said in closing arguments the poorly educated women worked as housekeepers for or a month all of which was sent to their relatives back home .
his life was a testament to his message
wood , who has handled a number of high profile cases including representing the family of slain child beauty queen jonbenet ramsey made the announcement in a statement released monday .
the belgian s two previous appearances in antwerp ended with defeat in the final and semifinal .
the project will channel water from the country s longest river , the yangtze , to three rivers in the north , the yellow , huai and hai , whose basins are running dry .
meanwhile , the few workers who can afford the fuel to get to work are demanding higher wages .
cranley has served nearly days in custody .
rwandan and congolese fighters were trying to stop congo s fledgling national army from being deployed in the area , kahindi said .
nothing like a kid s tune as a wake up call to begin to get ready for what could be your final day in space .
as christopher hill , top u . s . envoy to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms program , indicated saturday that washington was considering options other than negotiations , a senior official in pyongyang blamed washington for the collapse of the talks and said the north would continue to build its nuclear arsenal .
the charge carries a maximum penalty of years in jail . haneef is to appear in court in brisbane , australia , on saturday .
in an interview , chairman and chief executive peter michaels said approval of the phones will allow hop on shortly to sell its stripped down mobile phone and minutes of initial service for a flat fee , through an unnamed major cdma carrier .
samsung already sells d rear projection tvs in the u . s . , but there are no d tv broadcasts in the united states .
it does not affect the internet cafes that soldiers in iraq use that are not connected to the defense department s network .
only of those polled said the economy was in good shape , while said it was not good .
nasa keeps endeavour in orbit high winds and storms and the forecast for the kennedy space center in florida force cancellation to the day s first opportunity to land .
guilt , psychologists like suffolk university professor jane bybee say , is useful , because it gets people to regret the wrong they do , and correct it .
it s going to analyze the water , said bobby fogel , a nasa scientist . it s going to get its chemical composition , its physical properties , and try to tell us something about the history of water on mars and potential habitability for microbes on mars .
amid skyrocketing housing prices and increasing fear of economic downturn , south koreans gave a clear signal that they prefer candidates who will devote themselves to reviving the economy .
sen . patrick leahy , d vermont , issued the most unvarnished statement friday , saying clinton has every right , but not a very good reason , to remain a candidate for as long as she wants to .
that it drops off sharply in the first decade
jim ritterbusch , president of energy consultancy ritterbusch and associates in galena , illinois , said traders were reacting to news reports that iran s government is considering cutting crude oil production .
al sadr s political movement holds seats in iraq s member parliament and was once a partner in al maliki s ruling coalition . the party quit the government in after al maliki refused to demand a deadline for the withdrawal of u . s . troops .
humble to the point that he only admitted being the first man atop everest long after the death of climbing companion tenzing norgay .
japanese press said the boy lived with his young brother , separately from their parents .
mccormack would not discuss the date for the meeting or its agenda , but abbas aide nabil abu rudeineh said the summit will begin november .
glove , other michael jackson it . . .
president george w . bush and japanese prime minister shinzo abe early this week .
winter storm warnings were in effect into monday in vermont , new hampshire and maine and into tuesday in parts of new york state .
so , when this harvard economics professor collaborates on a major project , he ll sometimes promise to deliver a finished product by a certain date or else pay his co authors .
papua has some of the world s largest tracts of rainforest , but like elsewhere in indonesia they are being ravaged by illegal logging .
jolie and pitt , , have four children
from the uci s point of view , we prefer to look forward rather than look backward , mcquaid told the associated press .
in an unusually harsh criticism from a u . s . official , deputy secretary of state john negroponte last month called the referendum a mistake that would steer taiwan toward an alteration of the status quo .
in the beginning , only percent of those who applied made the grade , but now about percent of applicants do , he said .
most occurred after nato troops moved into the south early last summer .
it disappeared after the war , and today a replica stands in its place in st . petersburg .
he was given carte blanche permission to photograph the fuehrer , david turner said .
a court commissioner on thursday authorized various lawyers representing britney spears and her family to be paid more than , out of spears funds .
still , the show often reflects the country s disparities .
the strike followed a decision to step up attacks against islamic militants in response to rocket fire from gaza .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
yet another scale il divo has mastered
the lawmakers also announced that jose ramon machado , a man of raul castro s generation , had been elected first vice president of the council of state , despite the expectation of some that the post would go to someone younger .
the speed limit is miles per hour .
officials are still examining substances collected from stallone s entourage to determine whether further action would be taken , the newspaper reported .
actually , it s not so bad this morning with more people staying home this year .
the show would be over , and the bag would be empty , he said .
i m going to cut back on some of my gifts , make them smaller , you know , rather than spending a lot of money .
prosecutors have requested the united states to extradite lee , now staying with his family in new jersey .
these devices are indiscriminate and target all children and young people , including babies , regardless of whether they are behaving or misbehaving , he added .
nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan negotiators trying to end the violent ethnic tensions that erupted after the disputed presidential elections last year have reached some sort of a political agreement and will continue talking next week , a spokesman for the mediators said .
they say gene segments of the h n virus have been circulating undetected for at least a decade .
the republican senator saxby chambliss is facing a challenge from democrat jim martin .
pakistan , a key ally of the united states in its war on terror , has been hit by numerous bomb attacks this year .
but company chairman ratan tata said the nano met both indian and european emission standards and that it had been designed to pass international crash test standards .
we will rally around the clock until thaksin and his wife leave the country .
critics say soldiers accused of crimes are not given defendants rights to the extent they are guaranteed in civilian cases .
police said they were charged with not having a permit to stage a protest .
diplomats in vienna said the inspection team could be in north korea within a week to begin the process of verifying the shut down of yongbyon , which is capable of producing enough plutonium for a nuclear weapon each year
come january , the obamas will make history by becoming the first african american family to move into the white house .
vicki watson flew in from raleigh durham and says she was pleasantly surprised at how smooth her trip was
her plight and the questions it raised caused so much public debate in france that when sebire was found dead wednesday night , it made front page news in heavyweight papers including le figaro and le parisien .
pungent yellow onions and red onions measured high .
the ease of communication via the internet and cell phones allows a drug trend to spread rapidly across the country .
grab a gelato , join in the evening stroll , and end up at the town s glorious red brick main square , il campo .
the chelsea central defender , who missed saturday s win over estonia with a knee injury , returned to training on monday morning and was given the all clear to travel for a match which offers england the chance to seal their place in next year s finals .
artificial intelligence is just getting started
ntt docomo s research and development center has taken the first step towards development of a technology that will allow people to talk on the phone without saying a word , the company said .
leung claimed contacts with some , chinese officials and frequently visited china , where she was often seen with high ranking government officials .
prosecutors also searched homes of former keb president lee kang won and former vice president lee dal yong in seoul .
more than knut s actual weight , it was his physical appearance that persuaded the zoo s staff to make the change , zoo veterinarian andreas ochs said tuesday .
a spokeswoman for the prince of wales told cnn monday that his office did not comment on private correspondence , but said , there are no plans to attend the ceremony .
north korea has said it will not scrap its nuclear program until it is given a civilian nuclear reactor , undermining an agreement reached hours earlier .
it spent months on british best seller lists , has sold more than half a million copies and took the book of the year prize at last month s british book awards .
but based on the new estimates , the forecast predicts that the population of more developed regions , currently at . billion , will change little during the next years .
after almost eight years , i did not think i could be surprised about anything that george bush says , but i was wrong , obama said .
moscow , russia cnn ukraine s natural gas company on tuesday threatened to begin diverting gas supplies headed for western europe , after moscow warned it would halve gas deliveries to ukraine in a long running debt dispute .
it is caused by bacteria called borrelia burgdorferi and is easily treated with antibiotics .
the taliban s top military commander said his forces have assembled a hundreds strong army of suicide attackers poised for a spring offensive against nato troops in afghanistan .
the recorded introduction a la indiana jones welcomes visitors to a new exhibit featuring treasures from boy king tutankhamun s tomb and artifacts tied to rulers spanning , years of egyptian history .
klatten came to the conclusion that the relationship with mr . s . was of a solely criminal nature , appelhans said .
the dow is down points .
he called for a review of construction guidelines .
other witnesses have questioned whether the romance had developed to the stage of an intention to marry .
the man , who ran a transportation business , has four legal wives and six contractual wives an arrangement whereby a muslim couple enters into a union for a fixed period .
which is due to merge with wells fargo reported a heavier than expected third quarter loss of . billion .
his office was struck by an israeli airstrike in the early days of the military campaign .
the cult members have refused law enforcement requests to come out or release the children , and they have threatened to commit suicide if police resort to force , according to russian state television .
she played rosa parks in the miniseries king .
cnn if a shooter came into some of the biggest classrooms at the university of california berkeley , recent graduate scott alto wonders whether students would be able to protect themselves .
he said fossett had set world records since the age of
if creciendo en gracia is an atypical religious group , de jesus also does not fit the mold of the average church leader .
that meant there are enough machos in the halo of the galaxy to account for at least half the necessary dark matter .
zuma s growing status was very much in evidence as his supporters chanted their backing for him , pointedly refusing to join in the standing ovation that followed mbeki s three hour speech at the conference in the northeastern city of polokwane .
the controversy is lost on the massachusetts governor , who endorsed obama .
one train was carrying oil and the second had liquefied petroleum gas , media reported .
in , westinghouse broadcasting introduced the merv griffin show in syndicated tv .
i love these kids that s why i am here , ducat told dzmm radio , ap reported . i invited the children for a field trip .
during the trial the jury was told by prosecutor nigel sweeney that the conspiracy had been in existence long before the events of july and did not appear to be some hastily arranged copycat .
christmas became egypt s th national holiday .
he told the associated press he could not function as mediator without the complete confidence of both parties .
locals , fleeing the area in the thousands , say many civilians died .
have followed a distinctive path to development .
while the demonstrators and hard line students loyal to ahmadinejad scuffled in the auditorium , the president ignored chants of death to the dictator and gave his speech on the merits of science and the pitfalls of western style democracy , witnesses said .
the recession is leading some people to take the art of being a tightwad to new extremes .
the four year old male , known only by his breeding registry number , is to be paired with a young female of the same species in a south african reserve . he took off from a shanghai airport monday .
but labor cabinet minister peter hain accused the conservatives of scurrilous , right wing , ugly tactics .
archaeologists have found more than relics from a huge battle between a roman army and barbarians in the third century , long after historians believed rome had given up control of northern germany .
russia s prime minister is turning into something of a one man car commercial
rim said no messages were lost , and voice and text messaging services were unaffected .
it was unclear when judges would rule on the request for the airport that lies in the heart of sao paulo , brazil s largest city .
the mortar rounds were fired into the neighborhood of doura first into residential streets and then at a fruit market .
he lamented that schools should be places of safety , sanctuary and learning .
yang oversaw the company during a high profile acquisition bid last year by microsoft corp . , as well as investor carl icahn s failed attempt to replace the yahoo board .
last year , the military opened some airspace to some commercial flights on the east coast .
this is still enough data to give scientists new understanding into the timing of evolution and the contributing factors that trigger extinction of a species .
spain granted the company permission in january to search for the hms sussex , which sank in a storm off gibraltar while leading a british fleet into the mediterranean sea for war against france .
after three more hours , my thigh muscles began to twitch uncontrollably .
it s a shame that it is being changed .
the year old brown , known as scary spice when she was in the megahit group of the s , has an year old daughter , phoenix chi , from her marriage to jimmy gulzar .
television footage showed the rocket racing up through cloudy skies .
world leaders are weighing in this morning on the obama election
but the greatest of these is charity .
steve kretzmann , executive director of oil change international , an industry watchdog group , criticized the draft oil law for allowing long term oil contracts to be awarded to foreign oil firms , a practice he said was unique in the middle east .
there was also criticism that the briefers wouldn t allow reporters to use their names .
in a development related to the sadr city violence , an adviser to iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki told cnn on sunday that military assaults against militias in baghdad will end if the militias meet certain conditions .
police , he added , suspect the explosive may have been a limpet bomb , attached beneath the car toward the rear .
emotions are still a bit low on wall street , despite news that warren buffett s berkshire hathaway is buying a billion share of goldman sachs .
i will never come back to that evil mountain , he said .
she recalled in for years i was the wisecracking lady reporter who stormed the city desk snapping .
the announcement came days after a team of special prosecutors led by cho joon woong indicted lee and nine other executives on charges of tax evasion and breach of trust .
the last thing i want is a conflict between the koreans and the jews because of my book , he said .
this is the issue of using bad information to get legitimate documents .
chinese media replayed the apology several times .
flip flopping even before taking presidential office , lee myoung bak said wednesday it will be tough for korea to achieve the percent economic growth in he promised voters during his campaign .
second , after seven years of steadily worsening economic and social conditions for palestinians everywhere , israeli and u . s . policy makers persisted in trumpeting their successes , excluding the united nations and other interested parties , bending the partisan media to their wills , distorting the actuality into ephemeral victories for peace .
phoenix merged two previously dug trenches over the weekend into a single pit measuring a little over a foot long and inches deep .
former indonesian dictator suharto , who has died from multiple organ failure at the age of , is to be buried shortly in central java .
al qaeda in iraq , which is foreign led and foreign dominated here inside iraq , is killing off other sunni groups that are certainly not supportive of the government of iraq , currently , or of the foreign occupation , but are not sharing the same ideology that al qaeda in iraq has , rear adm . gregory smith said .
the korea herald reports aircraft carrier kitty hawk , the largest and oldest carrier strike group in the u . s . navy , will be deployed in south korean waters during the training .
roh sung il who provided eggs for hwang s research said that no patient specific stem cells existed .
the trading activity is very light , so the dollar is staying weak .
hill said he expects further criticism and emphasized that the deal is based on initial actions that will begin a process aimed at complete denuclearization .
the successful bosses i interviewed emphasized that a good leader helps her followers feel safe from the dangers that come from both inside and outside the organization .
obama , a democratic u . s . senator from illinois , opposed the war in iraq from the beginning .
sam brownback submitted resolution on monday and so far has only three co sponsors .
balkenende and a military spokesman , lt . col . robin middel , refused to comment when asked whether van uhm , who began his tour of duty in afghanistan only about two weeks ago , received any special protection .
foreign minister nobutaka machimura was due in beijing , but a chinese spokesman said his country was not in a position to receive him .
it was her first role in a feature film .
the death toll from a may earthquake in china has risen to , , government officials said thursday .
this first complete genome sequencing of a crop plant is detailed in the april edition of science .
u . n . police in riot gear had formed a cordon across the main bridge separating the tense town s serb and ethnic albanian sides .
i hate the americans very much but i m not afraid of them , said kim , the guide , a young woman whose tender exterior belies her harsh words .
i would like to congratulate first of all my players for their remarkable behavior and maintaining their morale during the match , said year old spanish coach luis aragones after the penalty drama .
firefighters and other workers who were the first at the destroyed reactor had little or no protection from radiation .
military headquarters , a korean air force rescue unit was mobilized immediately after the crash , which occurred at about a . m .
i like beach towns so small that they have no real grocery store , just a mobile market that rolls in every morning .
in an attempt to jump start the stalled talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program , and perhaps lay the groundwork for another inter korean summit , seoul intends to send a special envoy to the north before the end of the year , high ranking administration officials told the joong ang ilbo yesterday .
the scheduled broadcast of the big donor show reached the floor of parliament after a member of the governing christian democrats , joop atsma , questioned whether a public contest for a lifesaving organ would cross the boundary of merely objectionable to actually illegal .
las vegas , nevada cnn best buy inc . s chief executive said tuesday that he is very nervous about being able to supply customers with the millions of digital tv converter boxes needed ahead of the shutdown of most analog tv transmissions in months .
he said he had learned about songs from which to choose , and hinted that he may perform up and coming british singer amy winehouse s love is a losing game .
surpassing the . million vehicles the company sold last year in the u . s . its biggest market would be difficult , executive vice president tokuichi uranishi told a shareholders meeting tuesday , according to toyota spokesman paul nolasco .
for most of their run , the people s choice awards were based on gallup polls .
preliminary exit polls for the associated press and us television networks suggested a large turnout among voters over and that six in voters were women both groups which have favored mrs clinton . votes are being counted in the state of pennsylvania , where white house hopefuls hillary clinton and barack obama are engaged in a critical battle .
my experience making this film made me very aware of the sadness and the dehumanization of people in times of war , and the repercussions of war .
saddam flatly denied that even his most advanced al samoud missiles violate u . n . restrictions , indicating he does not intend to destroy them or pledge to destroy them as demanded by chief u . n . inspector hans blix .
the warning came at the end of a day when motorola shares had risen as much as percent on rumors that its chief executive , ed zander , could resign amid a campaign by an activist shareholder to oust him .
the three aid workers from the france based group terre d enfance mohammad hashim and brothers ghulam rasul and ghulam azrat were abducted april along with the two french nationals in the southwestern province of nimroz .
a new tool that allows doctors to use laser surgery in complex operations has been hailed as a breakthrough in minimally invasive laser technology .
white house aides , with u . s . president george w . bush s blessing , are actively trying to hire a new point person to help pilot the wars in iraq and afghanistan , an administration official told cnn .
nicolas sarkozy has the right to three days of happiness with his family , raffarin said on rtl radio . it s from may that the french will judge the new president .
but his case was thrown into limbo when the u . s . supreme court declared the commissions illegal in june .
the five members , including its chairman , will be authorized to select the heads of three public broadcasters kbs , ebs and mbc .
it s being given as a free option to the , pennsylvania drivers , and allstate plans to decide next year whether to roll it out in other states .
if we do not act boldly and swiftly , a bad situation could become dramatically worse .
conducting a nuclear test would not be recommended for north korea s future , ban said at a seminar sponsored by the joongang ilbo .
for female cheetahs in the serengeti , the call of the wild is just too hard to resist as new research shows nearly half of their litters are made up of cubs with different fathers .
syrian troops withdrew from the country in under international pressure , but the regime still holds influence over shiite factions , including hezbollah .
the so called laptops for children may make it to india after all .
the fleet of yellow taxicabs in new york city will go entirely hybrid within five years , mayor michael bloomberg says .
the united states and the european union have designated the pkk a group that is looking to carve an independent state out of parts of iran , iraq , syria and turkey as a terrorist organization .
he beat barcelona forward lionel messi into second place , with liverpool striker fernando torres third in the poll , which is organized by france football magazine .
moscow , russia cnn life behind bars in a russian women s prison is not glamorous .
in pyongyang , a north korean health official said there was not a single confirmed sars case in the isolated country , according to kcna , the north s state news outlet .
i don t think we have seen any intentions to develop nuclear weapons by south korea , mohamed elbaradei , director general of the international atomic energy agnecy iaea , told reporters in tokyo , the washington post reported on saturday .
that s why they attacked on sunday , the day that chinese people celebrate after they pay homage to their ancestors .
kazemi now has exhausted his chances for appeal in the netherlands and , according to tempelman , could be returned to britain on a short notice .
obama gave a speech in opposing the war , an address he references often in his campaign stump speech .
clinton was unfazed by saturday s upsets and continued to present herself as the most viable candidate to defeat mccain in the general election .
there s nothing encouraging about this news .
support for nazi ideas in germany is making people fear for their lives , a government minister said tuesday .
the revision indicates a worsening of the impact of the hiv aids epidemic in terms of disease , deaths and population loss .
bermudatourism . com .
some of the u . s . soldiers here have a hard time forgiving the sunnis for what they might have done in the insurgency .
averaging about kilometers miles a day since he started stroking in the amazon s peruvian headwaters on february , strel fulfilled his goal near the city of belem , , kilometers , miles north of rio de janeiro .
a recent cnn opinion research corporation poll found that almost two thirds of americans percent now oppose the iraq war .
the crew and passengers were taken to a chilean base and no injuries were reported , although they reportedly endured subfreezing temperatures for several hours in bobbing lifeboats before being picked up by a norwegian vessel .
the study found two new australian made cars had very high levels of volatile organic compounds , up to , micrograms per cubic meter , three to weeks after manufacture .
bhutto named akhtar as a suspect in the karachi bombing .
leno said gavin arvizo , who as a cancer sufferer sent him voice messages , sounded very scripted .
at least people have died and another , have been driven from their homes , the kenyan red cross said .
the protest follows a high profile accident in october at harmony gold s elandrand mine .
according to campaign officials , the purpose of the tour is to introduce john mccain to the american people in an intimate way , and add significance to his remarkable american tale .
this reflects the total effect of all social contacts .
according to the source , china has recently informed the other five nations of the schedule and received positive answers from them .
mattel inc . the largest u . s . toy company , recalled millions more chinese made toys on tuesday due to hazards from the magnets and lead paint , and warned it may recall additional products as it steps up testing .
the space station was a balmy degrees .
lenovo , just starting to turn around its u . s . operations , said on tuesday it was in exclusive talks to buy pc maker packard bell bv which claims third place in the european consumer computer market but which analysts estimate is ranked seventh or eighth from principal owner john hui .
but he was the standard bearer for the hour economy .
but wound up with the third best debut ever for an r rated movie , behind the matrix reloaded at . million and the passion of the christ at . million .
both sides declared success in thailand , after they agreed to set up three committees to look at issues that lie at the heart of the year old war that has killed nearly , people and displaced more than . million .
the grand national party is preparing a bill considering north korean human rights .
north korea has said it intends to resume building two nuclear reactors , to increase its energy capacity .
syria must come clean about its secret nuclear program , the white house said in a statement after cia officials briefed members of congress .
merrill lynch said it decided to re examine its cdo positions with more conservative assumptions due to difficult credit markets .
and tina fey , who left snl two years ago to write and star in the emmy winning sitcom rock , has returned weekly to play palin , increasing her own star power .
the match was then stopped for nearly six hours because of rain . when it resumed , pironkova won her service game to love to wrap up the set .
novartis already had announced in october that it would cut , jobs in u . s . pharmaceuticals marketing and sales .
he hasn t ruled it out completely i d like to drop in if i m still invited every few years or so , he told king but he said he wants to pursue some other interests as well .
a russian economics ministry official tossed cold water on the idea , saying he wanted to know who planned to pay the mammoth bill for the project before seriously discussing it .
tough sledding is not expected as hillary clinton begins her confirmation hearing for secretary of state .
a loss in tuesday s primary a voting process that selects delegates for a national convention later in the year where the candidate for november s presidential elections will be formally chosen could have spelled an end to clinton s campaign .
i m hoping that the president has not been fully briefed on it and still has time to reject it , he said .
now , the island says its defense focus is having to shift to more futuristic threats
wen s appointment sunday came as part of a generational leadership change that installed the communist party s general secretary , hu jintao , as president .
chung soung jin , the chairman of the korea independent commission against corruption , was nominated as new justice minister , while yoo young hwan , the vice minister of information and communication , was promoted to head the ministry .
the plane took the cruise missiles from minot air force base to barksdale air force base for decommissioning thursday , the air force said .
it s going to take us an additional hours to be able to rescue them , seshoka said . we are not really so sure about what actually happened so , we are keeping our fingers crossed and hoping they ll be ok .
if truth is killed , the whole world will suffer , writes william horsley , head of the association of european journalists in the uk .
the parties agreed to a mutual and amicable separation that included a desire for more personal time for time major winner woods whose wife elin is expecting their second child .
the school on its web site calls itself a british international school teaching children aged to .
but mississippi white voters overwhelmingly backed the new york senator , supporting her over obama percent to percent .
the main drivers of inflation were food prices that jumped . percent over the year , transport costs that rose . percent and housing , which rose . percent , eurostat said .
the korea herald reports the number of koreans filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits is set to outstrip the level during the financial crisis , reflecting the serious state of the economic slump that has hamstrung the nation s job market for years , government officials said yesterday .
trigem computer , one of the nation s largest makers of personal computers , has sought court protection after losing the competitive battle to low cost chinese producers and becoming weighed down by debt .
but people like gordon murray and his vision for a revolutionary new car just might do .
the bulk of these being collective killings of suspected sorcerers , he wrote in his book , from primitive to postcolonial in melanesia and anthropology .
oral surgeon dr . gary bouloux is about to pull a diseased wisdom tooth from his patient s mouth , using forceps that look like a pair of silver pliers .
a major israeli operation is under way in the baalbek area in the bekaa valley a hezbollah stronghold in north east lebanon lebanese officials say .
she was named a people s artist of the u . s . s . r . in and was a laureate of the soviet union s lenin prize and state prize .
they re the ones the few , the proud , the downright worshipped who earn their followers respect .
but it was unclear who would be on the defense team when proceedings resumed on june .
they were released in two groups , within the space of a few hours , late on thursday .
the move angered many israeli lawmakers and human rights advocates because of reports that some sudanese refugees are being killed or mistreated by authorities in egypt .
although i don t believe there have ever been any differences about the objectives of our policy in the central command area of responsibility , the simple perception that there is makes it difficult for me to effectively serve america s interests there , fallon said .
of course i hope for a little luck and that this injury only keeps me out of action for a few months , like eight weeks or so , van nistelrooy said from dr . steadman s clinic in colorado on wednesday .
fund managers do not currently regard climate change as an investment risk , though socially responsible fund managers consider climate change when choosing their investments .
the inquiry had been called for by the international olympic committee who were concerned that the controversy undermined the results of the competition in beijing .
the number of dead in bangladesh has risen to , the country s information ministry said .
the announcement said , with probably intended irony , that the united states would no longer be fulfilling its responsibility under the armistice if it withdrew its troops from the joint security area , the small border enclave that includes panmunjeom .
the taliban originally seized south koreans , but killed two and released two others earlier this month .
if approved , it would place media outlets under government control , and clamp down on demonstrations .
shahbaz sharif , who was chief minister , or top executive , of punjab province , is charged with ordering police to kill five men in lahore in . at the time of the killings , his brother was pakistan s prime minister .
who will be the next un secretary general ?
in tajimi city , km miles west of tokyo , the mercury hit . degrees celsius . fahrenheit , topping the previous record of . logged in , the meteorological agency said .
part of the reason for the continual collapses of italy s governments is the country s arcane electoral laws , which give the many small parties in parliament a disproportionate share of power and influence .
his aunt , claudia robinson , taught him to play piano at age , and soon the boy was staging shows on the back porch of the family home .
a foreign ministry official expected the year old career diplomat would replace current u . s .
my son doesn t want to leave , said sandy itkoff , of los angeles , who was a guest at moonlight basin .
the moves came as us secretary of state condoleezza rice flew to lebanon and israel to discuss the regional crisis .
on thursday , the production company was packing up equipment , including cars , to close the set .
i believe i have a responsibility to the voters of our state to make sure that they can exercise that right in a timely fashion .
al qaeda islamic maghreb also claimed responsibility for saturday s suicide attack on an algerian coast guard barracks in the port of dellys , some miles km from algiers .
washington cnn president bush called chinese president hu jintao wednesday to express his concern about china s crackdown on protesters in tibet , the white house said .
abbas dissolved the hamas led government earlier this year after hamas forces seized control of gaza .
ledger s publicist said funeral arrangements would continue to be kept private at the family s request .
he ll stay in my cabinet , bush declared , a day after white house officials spread word that the president was upset at the secretary for not alerting him about the damaging pictures .
biofuels made from energy crops such as wood or sugar are not necessarily low carbon or energy efficient to produce , especially if europe s growing demand for ethanol causes amazon jungle to be cleared for new crop plantations .
many people were just standing on the bridge rather than crossing it , adding to the stress on the structure , shrestha said .
they had to drive off road to get to the aircraft , but we were able to extinguish the fire rather quickly .
cycling is a sport of the open road and spectators are lining the road .
obama s links to the s weather underground bomber bill ayres
the explosion killed at least people and wounded others , a salaheddin police official said .
the only crime prosecutors could charge the man with was contributing to the delinquency of a minor , which did not require that he register as a sex offender .
prosecutors are investigating her alleged forgeries and her alleged affair with byeon yang kyoon , a former blue house chief policy planner , to find out if he used his influence to assist her career rise and shield her from scrutiny .
seoul , south korea cnn u . s . private equity fund lone star confirmed on tuesday it is in exclusive negotiations with hsbc to sell its percent stake in korea exchange bank keb , with a market value of . billion .
gilles was hitting much better from behind the baseline , but i got a lot of free points from my serve .
it said roh must get assurances from the north on its denuclearization , seek ways of solving the separated family members issue and establish confidence building steps in the military .
indeed , the lack of an american style venture capital system is one of the main reasons why countries such as france , germany , and japan have lagged behind the u . s . economically in recent years .
the show was shooting at a marine corps air station in irvine , about miles southeast of los angeles , and had to cancel filming at a . m . at one of the base s hangars due to smoke from the santiago fire .
the capital muscat became a lake , oman royal police spokesman abdullah al harthi told iran tv .
it seems to be relatively quiet , he said . there was some rock throwing at kfor in north mitrovica . otherwise , everything s fine .
tests came back negative .
if the party does things in this way , there will be no primary , she told reporters .
taylor said she had caught pollard s avatar having sex with a virtual prostitute
the plane was forced to land in istanbul due to a technical problem , but its landing gear failed to work properly , dogan said .
woman suspected of witchcraft burned alive
laurean repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney wouldn t let him .
they have not fully paid the restitution to the families , said katherine flynn , the mother of one of the people were killed in the attack .
chelsea had not scored in their two previous premier league games and the lack of a cutting edge was all too evident .
madrid , spain cnn the spanish judge overseeing the arraignment of terrorism suspects said wednesday that they had planned to carry out a series of suicide attacks last weekend on public transportation in barcelona .
fossett s wife , peggy , praised the joint effort , calling it an incredible collaboration .
the agreement came after china lifted its objections to a statement first drafted by the us , uk and france .
he began cooperating with the fbi to avoid a death sentence after a bloody glove left at a murder scene was traced to him through dna evidence .
davis family was among those watching as his f a hornet plummeted , said lt . cmdr . anthony walley , a fellow blue angels pilot .
and long anticipated change from the current rules , under which you can cross the border with either a passport , passport card or a government issued photo id , such as a driver s license , along with proof of citizenship , such as a birth certificate .
by halfway through the second day of the interviews , we had got to the point that we had hoped to get to , he said . and then it was a point of going further and trying to get more than we had really expected .
they were helped by the fact that actors disliked rehearsing with the virtual orchestras .
chicago , illinois cnn a federal judge monday sentenced former media tycoon conrad black to . years in prison for his role in defrauding shareholders and skimming million from his hollinger international newspaper conglomerate .
lyndon johnson died in .
a hollywood film role might be in the works , but elden and his father , who is also a designer and artist , aren t revealing any details .
japan s benchmark nikkei index fell . percent , and hong kong s hang seng dropped . percent .
participants pay for the weekend and are provided meals , a place to work and a t shirt .
vice president elect joe biden and sen . hillary clinton , obama s pick for secretary of state , also competed for the democratic presidential nomination .
the violence broke out after anti u . s . demonstrators broke through riot police lines late friday afternoon to try to cut down the fences .
space shuttle discovery landed at kennedy space center in florida , completing a day mission to deliver a new crew to the international space station and to return the crew that had served almost six months on the orbiting outpost .
he bought a sprawling ranch in rio bonito , a rural town miles kilometers northeast of rio , and married almeida .
a source close to her management team says winheouse sought that order in order to keep the photographers meters from her new home .
the defense ministry said thursday it will adopt a french style military reform , which calls for a reduction in troop size , among other measures .
when asked whether the iraqi army was good , butler called the army brilliant .
chinese president hu jintao heads tuesday for south africa , beijing s biggest trade partner on the continent , where president thabo mbeki warned last year that africa needed to guard against allowing ties with china to develop into a colonial relationship .
that is the health , education and skills of the workforce .
chetumal , the capital of the mexican state of quintana roo , was largely empty monday evening , with little traffic in the streets .
he criticized president bush as having an almost exclusively military response to sept .
a spokesman for french president nicolas sarkozy condemned the actions of the charity workers , which chadian president idriss deby characterized as a case of straightforward kidnapping
he also hopes to build a similar skyscraper in new york .
some victims have had to be rescued more than once after they lost grip of the helicopter and fell back into the water .
this is an experiment , but it s also an exciting opportunity for me to look at a computer and get a snapshot of what americans across the country care about .
the rise of internet and a new generation of assertive youths pouring out of schools with voting rights means that it s time for change , yoo said .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistani president pervez musharraf has said assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto ignored government warnings and defended himself against accusations that he had a role in her slaying .
abe told reporters wednesday that the alliance with the u . s . is the basis for our diplomacy and security and added that he hopes to strengthen ties with washington . about , u . s . troops are stationed in japan under a mutual security pact as a legacy of world war ii .
former prime minister jean pierre raffarin also defended sarkozy s retreat , saying the president elect needed to recharge his batteries after a grueling campaign .
the bank attributed the losses to fraud by kerviel , who traded european index futures for the bank .
the company that makes the ubiquitous , addictive blackberry smart phones said tuesday it was still looking into what caused the second widespread service disruption in less than a year .
a possible roadblock for the auto bailout
the latest updated report on tobacco treatment from the united states department of health and human services says that tobacco kills more than , people in the united states each year , the equivalent of almost of every people in the country . about , adolescents and children daily become cigarette smokers , according to the report .
norman mailer is recovering in a hospital after surgery to remove scar tissue around his lung , his daughter in law said wednesday .
the seoul high court overturned a lower court ruling which backed the government s refusal of a request by a group of foreign workers to form a labor union .
wielding much political influence as queen , she advocated stronger korea russia ties in order to block japanese influence .
farther downriver , in the town of mianyang , communist party chief tan li head of the city s quake control and relief efforts renewed an order that . million people living downstream from tangjiashan lake be evacuated to higher ground .
critics say the political goals of the surge an iraqi settlement of the nearly year old war have not yet been accomplished .
this is not fair .
in the united kingdom , percent of students are educated at state schools .
they are basically saying , if you confess madeleine had an accident , and that i panicked and hid the body in a bag for a month , then got rid of it in a hire car , i d get two or three years suspended sentence , she is quoted as saying , adding , police don t want a murder in portugal .
news of their separation distracted from the socialists better than expected election performance .
the wreckage was seen from the air shortly before nightfall sunday , some miles kilometers southeast of douala , the cameroon city where kenya airways flight had taken off shortly after midnight on saturday , according to celestine ngoue , the general inspector of cameroon s civil aviation authority .
that s not cutting deep into the headstone business .
the funds at the small macau lender banco delta asia have become a key sticking point in six party negotiations to close north korea s nuclear programs . the money was to be released last month , but disputes over the accounts have stalled the process .
the russian is unbeaten this year after winning the qatar open title on sunday , following her triumph in january s australian open
mdc secretary general tendai biti called for longtime president robert mugabe to step down .
the issue is compounded by other history issues , such as japan s whitewashing or denials of its colonial atrocities in its school textbooks .
mohamed al fayed , father of dodi , repeated his allegations of a massive cover up involving the royal family , paparazzi and for the first time diana s sister . he has previously included british intelligence services in the alleged plot .
to position our employees to serve customers more effectively , as ceo john clendinin said , bellsouth announced that , would take positions off his payroll .
signaling a possible withdrawal from the korean stock market altogether , sovereign asset management ltd .
managing director gareth penny said it was logical to help create stability in african democracies through job creation .
chief us negotiator christopher hill was hopeful for a resolution , but the south koreans and japanese have doubts .
one dog , one flagpole and one bar called the little a le inn .
dogs appear to experience a range of complex , unpleasant emotions such as jealousy and pride , scientists have discovered .
the opposition grand national party gnp was dominating the races for mayors , governors and regional assembly members , kbs and mbc tv exit polls suggested .
s . k . bans on ppa for risk of brain stroke .
we are looking forward to seeing mr . polanski in court as the matter is litigated , said sandi gibbons , a spokeswoman for the district attorney s office .
the dow is now down about , from its high of , reached a year ago .
the holiday , which follows a lunar calendar , will begin around january and end about february .
he said he thought he d be a dead man if he told authorities about the klan s dealings , including the attacks on henry hezekiah dee and charles eddie moore in southwest mississippi .
at this stage we re really comfortable with our athletes agreement , and the athletes are also , she said , adding locke s claims were incorrect and out of context .
have wealthy owners benefited english football ?
the decision sent a shudder through the publishing industry , which had come to rely on the selections that would guarantee a minimum , copy increase in sales for any chosen title
paulson said the steep slump in housing , which has depressed home sales and prices , remained the biggest risk to the economy .
nato says somali pirates have hijacked a british owned cargo ship .
the u . s . military said it formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident .
and you thought your college reunion was exciting .
meanwhile , the united states is willing to discuss the financial sanctions it has imposed on north korea , if the communist country makes clear its intent to return to stalled six party nuclear talks , assistant secretary of state christopher hill said friday such discussions can take place outside the framework of the six party dialogue and stressed that washington is flexible on the matter .
as nadine valco ran through the streets of new york last fall , her fan base followed her progress closely at home in columbus , ohio .
killed as suv collides with car in tenn .
the suspended nfl star did not attend the hearing in surry county circuit court .
speculation about a nuclear test mounted after south korea s defense ministry reported last week that korean and u . s . intelligence have been tracking north korea s construction of underground tunnels in a northeastern region of gilju county .
knox plays ravenclaw student marcus belby in the upcoming film harry potter and the half blood prince , the sixth installment of the popular series set for release in november .
president bush has frequently asked lawmakers and the american people to withhold judgment on his troop surge in iraq until the report comes out in september .
archaeologists have discovered a new pyramid under the sands of saqqara , an ancient burial site that remains largely unexplored and has yielded a string of unearthed pyramids in recent years , egypt s antiquities chief announced tuesday .
tehran denies this and insists the report gave it a clean bill of health .
most of the islands lie just . feet . meters above sea level .
clegg ivey , a partner in redux beverages llc of las vegas , nevada , said the company plans to sell the drink under a new name for now .
on thursday , mccain denied having a close relationship with iseman and said he was very disappointed in the new york times piece , it s not true .
thousands of vietnamese lined the president s route from tan son nhut airport to his hotel , many waving and cheering in stark contrast to clinton s earlier visit to the site where air force capt .
i mean it was like a scene from a movie .
mumbai is in the state of maharashtra .
one pair of rats can produce a population of more than , rats in an area in one year .
will miss california keep her crown ?
she said she wasn t concerned that the chavez supporters outside the tomb were far outnumbered .
where was the secret service ?
the problems at the hospital reflect a lack of leadership . i am disappointed that some in the army have not adequately appreciated the seriousness of the situation pertinent to outpatient care at walter reed .
where is the gentleman ship ?
thanks to super sized expectations and over the top commercialization , february has gone from a sentimental aside to a pressure filled gauntlet lined with chocolate boxes , tennis bracelets and cheesy stuffed bears .
he singled out the stolen generations of thousands of children forcibly removed from their families .
exchange of fire mars hour truce in gaza
however , on this tour the first multi day bus tour since the illinois senator s days of campaigning in south carolina the pace has slowed .
police said a explosive is often used by militants in the radical separatist kurdistan workers party known by its turkish initials , pkk .
he was the highest ranking white house official ordered to prison since the iran contra affair .
its green mountain slopes , topped with snow at its highest points , stretch into the deep blue sea .
there was no immediate response from the company or from the federal mine safety and health administration , which the families also criticized .
manjhi was born on july .
the two said their talks focused on security issues .
the peta statement did not say how the extraordinary age estimate was determined , but restaurant manager keith valenti told cnn that lobsters can grow a pound every seven to years , and he put george s weight at to pounds .
japanese women are now working hard and making more money , says yuko takeyama , a woman in her early s who manages air group . the see this as a way to de stress .
over the last decade , pixar has become a byword for quality , combining cutting edge digital animation with depth of character , slapstick comedy and rich , engrossing storytelling that appeals equally to kids and adults .
new york based human rights watch slammed the rally ban and urged the government to support free speech ahead of elections expected to be called early next year .
both countries made big strides in labor negotiations , which ended yesterday , by nearing an agreement on the implementation of a public communication system , a seoul government official said .
i don t wanna talk about the bleeping campaign .
ioc legal adviser francois carrard , who assisted the disciplinary panel investigating the case , said the u . s . olympic committee had been ordered to return the medals .
the midfielder was hurt in the th minute of the superliga final , which pachuca won on penalties .
rheumatoid arthritis is a disease in which the body s defense system attacks the tissue surrounding the joints , the places where bones are joined .
also finishing in the top five were second runner up ly jonaitis of venezuela and third runner up honey lee of korea .
goldberg , who starred alongside swayze in the film , earned a best supporting actress trophy for her portrayal of psychic oda mae brown , who helps slain businessman sam wheat swayze communicate with his grieving fiancee and solve the mystery of his murder .
even though the maker of the plane said a defective cover plate had to be replaced by the end of , mechanics failed to do so during a routine checkup , the air force said .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan says that the fate of the former iraqi leader lies in the hands of his countrymen .
the ceremony was held to celebrate its successful launch with distinguished guests present including ambassadors , politicians and representatives of the foreign community .
jack is one of six people to die this summer in the united states from the naegleria fowleri amoeba .
let s go live there , to associated press correspondent mark smith
jackson says success came with a lot of pain .
lee pledged to provide customers with only the very best level of service , advice and solutions .
by the end of march , he will have visited some bear dens around the state , tagging , weighing and taking the vital signs of hibernating mothers and their offspring as part of an effort to gauge the health and size of pennsylvania s bruin population .
riot police began beating bhutto s pakistan people s party supporters when around attempted to cut through the cordons of wire placed around her home .
instead , they said they would send original copies of side contracts to the prosecution by friday .
while similar technology is being unveiled at airports around the world , the t is designed to be used in large , open areas .
he was expected to be booked sunday evening on two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon and one count each of armed burglary and conspiracy to commit burglary , dillon said .
to win a grammy is the highest honor for a musician , she said . it s a big honor and an exciting night forever .
with three additional shuttle flights to the space station planned this year , nasa can t afford any delays .
williams , the champion in , and , overpowered the russian second seed , the winner , and now faces sharapova s compatriot svetlana kuznetsova for a place in the semifinals .
thomas jefferson kept two grizzly bears in a cage on the white house lawn , while john quincy adams is said to have let his alligator use a bathtub inside .
but it has fewer hotel rooms than less popular spots including las vegas , chicago , the los angeles metro area and atlanta , according to smith travel research .
army s nd infantry division to iraq .
michael , , said he told all his friends where he was going , and they wanted to come along .
the prospect of fielding a joint north and south korean soccer team for the world cup in germany will be discussed during a visit to seoul later this month by sepp blatter , the president of the international football federation association , or fifa .
mousavian s successor , hasan rowhani , delivered an unusually sharp rebuke to ahmadinejad last month , saying he was making more enemies for iran with his policies .
a spokesman for president george w bush said the verdict should be seen as a warning to other corporate criminals and applauded the decision .
the incident happened in the strait of hormuz , a major oil shipping route .
the culprits have variously been identified as inept planning , underfunded preparations , popular misunderstanding of poorly crafted government advertising , unanticipated effects of public debate over immigration , tardy and ill considered responses to the developing crisis , and even partly on hurricane katrina , which damaged the new orleans processing office .
the local lifeguard association closed the byron bay beach , in new south wales state , for several hours until they located the shark and chased it out to sea using boats , a common practice in australia when sharks venture close to popular beaches .
abe had said previously he would not offer a fresh apology , saying tokyo expressed its remorse in a statement on the matter by then chief cabinet secretary yohei kono .
according to his aides , han is expected to ask the chinese leaders to pay greater attention to difficulties faced by south korean enterprises investing in china .
the russian company said saturday it has filed a lawsuit in international court to stop what it claims is illegal siphoning .
the suspect , arthur mann , who police said is in his late s , was in stable condition tuesday night at grady .
rescuers planned to retrieve the three bodies wednesday , said thomas mesa , a spokesman for the u . s . embassy in panama city .
ford sold aston martin , another part of the group , for million in march , with some analysts saying the luxury brand did not fit into ford s long term survival plan for cost savings from developing multiple models worldwide on the same underpinnings .
when mr wei refused the chengguan s demands that he delete the footage , he was beaten to death on the spot , according to witnesses cited by the xinhua news agency .
the board last month approved new rules banning those convicts from using internet social networking sites such as facebook and myspace .
it was not immediately clear how large the cave was , but pichan said a belgian tourist was killed by a flash flood there several years ago .
not surprisingly , throat abrasions , perforated esophagi and punctured blood vessels were the most common injuries .
the south korean government plans to scrap its special sales taxes on high end goods as early as this month as a step to stimulate domestic consumption .
president elect barack obama on wednesday called for democratic illinois gov . rod blagojevich to resign , a day after blagojevich s arrest on corruption charges .
the financial times report said the pentagon was still investigating how much information was stolen , but cited an unnamed person as saying that most of it was probably unclassified .
he added , jonathan ross s contribution to this edition of the russell brand show was utterly unacceptable and cannot be allowed to go uncensored or without sanction .
the author s comments came in response to an april editorial by a leading potter fan site , http www . the leaky cauldron . org , which noted that it had been receiving spoiler e mails and expected many more alleging advance knowledge of the book s contents .
hassoun was last seen in a video blindfolded and surrounded by militants , with a sword hovered above his head .
did anyone think to check the archives ?
large companies often add three or four more personal days , and women get an additional menstruation days .
with the probe on kim sun il s tragic death widening , all eyes are riveted on kim chun ho , kim s employer , who holds the key to the mystery surrounding kim s death .
it may have sounded familiar , but this wasn t the british open .
apparently , the jury was taken by the histrionics . . . of the indonesian women , he said .
benoit began his career in his native canada more than years ago and wrestled in japan before moving back to north america .
more than , people , mostly muslims , were killed in the riots , although many believe the figure to be higher .
what are the projects where we re going to get the most bang for the buck ? how are we going to make sure taxpayers are protected ?
fiennes has not commented on the incident , but spokeswoman sara keene was quoted as saying in news ltd . newspapers that the actor was seduced by the airline stewardess .
more than people are thought to have been killed in a tsunami triggered by an earthquake off the island of java , the red cross in indonesia says .
in her latest project , the nanny diaries , which opened friday , johansson stars opposite oscar nominees laura linney and paul giamatti .
the government earmarked . billion won for the project .
the opposition has demanded an enlargement of its representation in the coalition cabinet to give it a veto on decision making .
after initially focusing on the possibility that she was abducted from her hotel room , police switched their focus to her parents when forensic tests conducted at a government laboratory in britain found evidence that dna from madeleine was in the trunk of a rental car the parents used after her disappearance .
when the baby s mother realized what had happened , she ran outside and grabbed the girl from harrell .
he bears a striking resemblance to his father and punctuates his conversation with impersonations of the late dictator .
if a friend is breaking up with you , patterson says , you can be gracious and say you don t want to be needy , or you can ask for feedback .
but she was no beauty , plus flat chested and overweight to boot .
bringing up baby with safe and green toys
in other countries in the region , especially egypt , the fight between democracy activists and autocratic governments has been much more pointed and controversial .
gm says the gmc sierra hybrid gets a percent improvement in fuel economy without compromising performance , while its gmc denali xt concept a low slung , muscular utility vehicle gets percent better fuel economy than a comparable small pickup .
steven hall , a british national who was hurt in the blaze , told cnn that flames began to spread along the ceiling above the stage where a band and dj were performing .
flooding also has displaced about . million people , including in the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , the reports said .
the nationalities of the sent back sunday were not released , but the israeli newspaper haaretz , citing figures from the israeli military , said nearly all of them had escaped the genocide in darfur .
austria has not increased its security at
you believe in each and every one of yourselves , most importantly . and you believe that you have found someone who believes in you .
the charity said the children were orphans who had fled the nearby war torn sudanese region of darfur , but aid agencies later said the children were from chad , not sudan , and that they were not orphans .
but on stage in tel aviv a large banner carried a message directly aimed at the country s leaders
over the last years , its melt zone has expanded by percent .
the extra space is normally filled with advertising , which helps offset the cost of running the service .
the launch of the book is so hotly anticipated that internet retailer amazon . com said it has received more than million advance orders for the book .
he ll not weigh until he stands before god seem to fit the salty charm of this tiny island on the south edge of denmark .
several landslides covered roads , some highways buckled , a few bridges collapsed and bullet trains stopped after the quake .
the bbc reported at least people were killed and hundreds wounded in the blast in grozny , the chechen capital . a chechen interior ministry officer said that kadyrov
the rush hour explosion went off in a busy shopping area of the city ulus and during an international defense fair , where companies show their wares to militaries .
electricity to the building was cut off to prevent the fire from starting again .
the us house of representatives has approved supporting for embryonic stem cell research .
the orange county fire authority said it is investigating the santiago fire that has burned more than , acres as a suspected arson .
the original pull to the suburbs was to be in a more pleasant place
president barack obama says immediate action is needed to reverse the nation s stumbling economy
pipeline fires are common in nigeria .
they then made him strip to his underwear to ensure he was unarmed before detaining him .
bangalore , india cnn partway through a mammoth hour operation on a year old girl born with four arms and four legs , surgeons in india said the procedure is going according to plan , with no problems encountered .
the monetary authority of macau mam said the funds were available with immediate effect , mam spokeswoman wendy au was quoted as saying by japan s kyodo news agency .
mugabe went on to say that u . s . ambassador to zimbabwe james mcgee would be expelled from the country if he persisted in meddling in zimbabwe s electoral process , the newspaper reported .
as with other industries in the united states , agriculture has seen consolidation .
the number of cases of lyme disease has doubled in the united states since and these numbers are probably underestimated , the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention said thursday .
despite the revamped ceremony announced monday by the hollywood foreign press association , the screen actors guild said it was encouraging its members to skip the show in support of the two month walkout by the writers guild of america .
fernandez took nearly percent of the vote in a multi party race , avoiding a runoff .
the nation s unemployment rate has hit . , its highest level in years .
critics also have complained that the cia has run secret prisons on european soil and mistreated prisoners during clandestine flights in and out of europe .
fossett , , who made millions as a commodities broker in chicago , is the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon .
the new cases increased the number of infected students to more than , in elementary , middle and high schools in seoul , incheon and surrounding gyeonggi province since june .
a new poll indicates about of the people are still what are being called , persuadable .
a survey of office tenants in britain confirms a trend that is common for mature economies
if all goes well and the nfl lets him in , vick will be free to report to summer camp in late july .
south korea s economy has been sluggish for the past few years due mainly to lack of investment , jobless growth , skyrocketing real estate prices and a widening gap between the rich and poor despite rising corporate revenues based on robust exports .
benedict , , called for the faithful to pray for peace to come to the land in which jesus lived , and which he loved so deeply .
brisbane , australia cnn an australian woman was killed by a pet camel given to her as a th birthday present , police said sunday .
the net number of jobs lost in was nearly million .
the viewer plunge couldn t have come at a worse time for the networks next week they will showcase their fall schedules to advertisers in the annual up front presentations .
there s a big difference between us speeches versus solutions , talk versus action .
a spokesman for japan s whale hunt said greenpeace s actions were illegal and people should not treat them as heroes .
this may turn into a longer speech than you had anticipated , mccain said with a wry grin after one interruption .
ayres lives in the same chicago neighborhood as the obamas .
without the funds , the palestinian government has been unable to pay the salaries of its workers .
president chen shui bian used a speech to hit out at china s relentless military build up , labeling it as a threat to world peace .
there s a petite new contender ready to tackle america s problems of foreign oil dependency and urban congestion .
state prosecutors have indicted four koreans on charges of attempting to leak wireless broadband internet technology to the united states .
for years , the north has let small scale trading posts , known as farmers markets , operate independently of the state run distribution system .
london , england cnn amy winehouse s father in law says fans should stop buying her records to force the singer to seek help for what he called a drug addiction .
your breakfast may be coffee and a nutrition bar in the car , but the government says americans do take some time to sit down and eat .
chamisa said tsvangirai was picked up by police because he was going to attend an unauthorized meeting in southern zimbabwe .
the latest attack was the deadliest in more than two months and could complicate the government s efforts , the associated press reported .
the agency has no enforcement powers , but it can refer advertisers to britain s office of fair trading for legal action .
mcdonell said it was obvious that ordinary tibetans were not allowed to attend .
hilton , who parlayed her name and relentless partying into worldwide notoriety , must go to jail by june .
the industry isn t fully equipped to keep track of them , and as a result the networks are scrambling to hold on to the nearly . billion they collected during last spring s ad buying season .
he added , we all love her and look forward to the day we can welcome her back .
the burke s sister ship , the uss porter , opened fire and sank the pirate skiffs tied to its stern before the burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel .
the year old suspect surrendered to officers after a hour standoff early this morning .
the acting head of the us centers for disease control and prevention says he finds it encouraging that most swine flu cases have been relatively mild in the states .
the fifth best picture nominee is juno , the story of a pregnant high schooler in search of a couple to adopt her child .
however , the firewall remains in place for chinese language services on the website and for any links in chinese .
at least five major studies confirm that eating peanuts can lower risk for coronary heart disease . so it s no leap to think that peanut butter confers the same benefits .
heavy fighting broke out on jolo after soldiers caught up with militants fleeing the air strikes on their camp .
teachers will be asked to more strictly monitor bullying and campus violence , according to the health and welfare ministry and the ministry of planning and budget .
as they cross large rubber mats along the course , a radio transmitter inside the chip sends a unique id number to an antenna , which routes the information to a central database .
both sharif and bhutto said they might yet boycott the january th general election , which is being organized under emergency rule that u . s . ally musharraf imposed on november rd , largely to derail legal challenges to his bid to secure another term .
in a statement , the tokyo electric power company tepco said there had been a mistake calculating the radioactive level of water that leaked into the sea .
seoul , south korea ap president roh moo hyun will fly to the united states this weekend to tackle two of his toughest hurdles
military trucks hauled more tanks and guns to the border area thursday , local reporters said .
hillary clinton has been in the senate since january .
the government unveiled yesterday rescue measures for credit delinquents , including a rescheduling of debt owed by low income earners and writing off their interests .
the frequency of errors in grammar and punctuation has become a serious concern , the state examination commission said in a report after reviewing last year s exam performance by year olds .
the older you get , the more important those exams are , dodson said .
he said sadr indicated his militia would disarm if they were offered amnesty .
a government meeting in september warned about an increase in landslides and other seismic activity as the reservoir level was raised over the past year and sent water seeping into slopes , undermining hillsides of soil and shale .
the president plans to name a secretary in charge of public information , the report said .
of course , you can t beat the praying mantis when it comes to aggressive copulating .
if years old , it would have been born in , the year rutherford b . hayes was sworn in as president , when federal reconstruction troops withdrew from the south and when thomas edison unveiled his newest invention , the phonograph .
united nations cnn workers found vials believed to contain the poison gas phosgene at a u . n . office building in new york , u . n . officials said thursday .
also this morning , word that penny pritzker , who led fundraising for the obama campaign , is a top choice for commerce secretary .
the slaughter did not affect parrots , parakeets and canaries because they have little chance of spreading the disease , kim said .
durbin and daschle are obama supporters , while harkin is uncommitted .
dicaprio s on crowe like a boxer .
fires burned near polydroso near mount parnon , in the southeastern peloponnese , as strong winds and bone dry conditions kept fire officials on high alert .
the force may soon be coming to a television near you .
the government wants to form an international research group to further that goal , park ky young , a presidential adviser for science and technology , said yesterday .
the parliament s choice , samak sundaravej , will become prime minister of thailand if the king confirms the parliament s choice .
describe kim s tragedy in shakespearean terms
russia is not an enemy , bush said when asked about putin s threat to point missiles at european targets in protest of american plans for a europe based missile defense system . full story
it is aimed at the stolen generations aboriginal children taken from their parents to be raised by white families .
while kremlin leaders have traditionally been buried in red square , in another break from the past , the former russian leader was laid to rest at the novodevichye cemetery on the banks of the moskva river .
the national front lost its two thirds majority in parliament its worst result since independence in .
washington was not consulted about musharraf s plan , rice said , adding that she is disappointed in his decision .
under zimbabwean law , a runoff must be held within days after the commission announces results .
the official contends that all materials that appear on korean web sites have been approved by the korea media rating board for their content .
the resolution was tabled by japan after north korea test fired seven missiles including a long range taepodong , believed capable of reaching alaska .
the udp also fears that it may face a voter backlash in the critical april parliamentary elections if it continues to block the appointment of ministers under the new administration .
cnn ten people were killed thursday after fire swept through a house outside brockway , pennsylvania , authorities said .
latest from the street
the bush administration has faced criticism from congress because the united states has only taken in iraqi refugees since the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
cnn seventy people have been confirmed dead and more than remain missing more than four days after a ferry capsized in a typhoon off the coast of the philippines , the country s defense minister said wednesday .
gordon fischer , a former chair of the iowa democratic party and part of obama s iowa support team , also compared bill clinton unfavorably to joe mccarthy .
samsung said the project will create , jobs through .
mudslinging or just presenting facts ?
often called america s oldest teenager because of his youthful appearance and dedication to rock music , clark suffered the stroke earlier this week .
they opened fire and killed two young christian women who were in the car , he said .
san diego international airport also did well , making both lists at no . .
however , the victory was never recognized by the junta .
will miss california keep her crown ?
the government prevented her from competing in countries that do not have diplomatic relations with israel .
he was president of the national rifle association from to , a role that cast him as a conservative .
a passionate interlude ?
americans do not resent paying their rightful share of taxes what they do resent is being subjected to thousands of pages of needless and often irrational rules and demands from the internal revenue service , he said .
spears had filed a request friday to terminate or modify the order , according to court records .
for adults , disney ships offer nightclubs , classes , fitness centers , an adult only restaurant called palo , and wine , beer and martini tastings .
the administration contends that setting a timetable on the war assumes failure in iraq .
sarkozy has proposed a slimmed down mini treaty containing basic institutional reforms that would allow the eu to function properly after its expansion to members .
reiss also criticized pyeongyang for failing to reciprocate the visit by president kim , cynically controlling family reunions and violating the inter korean accord to keep the korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons .
the company filed for court supervision at the suwon district court yesterday .
a month after sseruma s ordeal , the u . s . senate passed the re authorization of president bush s emergency plan for aids relief pepfar , including an amendment to the ban on travel and immigration for hiv positive non citizens .
the year old , who would have been out of contract in the summer , admitted after the defeat that he was not sure he was the best man to arrest their slide .
light , sweet crude for june delivery jumped to a new record of . a barrel before retreating to settle up . at . on the new york mercantile exchange .
after the curtain call and speeches , some children who had appeared in recent high school productions of les miserables gave mini reprises of the show s better known songs .
the police said saturday that dna testing by the national institute of scientific investigation showed the two dead babies found in the refrigerator of the french resident s house in sorae village were his sons .
government security forces tracked down the group and arrested several members during a sweep on saturday in the village of mastaga , about miles km northeast of baku , the spokesman said .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld tells us a cycling accident kept the co host off this morning s today show
apart from his co starring role in the day the earth stood still , hamm recently completed work on the murder mystery the boy in the box .
initially hailed a hero for moving people away , he was later cast in a different light when the fbi began investigating whether he had set off the bomb to give himself an opportunity to be a hero .
markou said cases where one of a set of twins absorbs the other in the womb occur in one of , live births .
his remarks came just after hwang s team last week revealed imprinting analysis test results , which they insist is clear cut evidence refuting an snu investigation panel conclusion on the cells identity .
i had to bury her and put dirt on top of her .
i am special , i am special .
thailand s military installed government promised to hold elections in december .
the emergency declaration protect freedom and democracy , signed by formerly prominent senior citizens , including former prime minister kang young hoon and former national assembly speaker park kwan yong , released the statement during a news conference at the seoul press center in seoul .
baby is completely healthy with a good head of hair . mother and baby are now resting , the statement said . no name has been decided on as yet , and she is purely known as baby brown !
its latest report , based on testimony from victims and witnesses , called on khartoum to investigate reports that about women were forced into sexual slavery after an attack on the rebel held town of deribat in south darfur s jebel marra region last december .
madrid , spain cnn mad cow disease has killed two people since december in the castilla leon region north of madrid , a regional health authority spokeswoman told cnn monday .
when nigeria s agency for food and drug administration and control nafdac tested the medicine , my pikin , the results were terrifying .
his remark came after wendy cutler , assistant deputy u . s . trade representative , reportedly told a forum in washington on wednesday that her government may have to renegotiate some provisions in the fta that was struck on april .
but thursday s crossing remains largely symbolic as north korea has so far only agreed to a one off test run .
the teachers union said about half its members would still be in the classrooms , so classes would be combined to make up for the teacher absences .
state media said dozens of local residents assisted with rescue efforts or donated blood for the injured .
mugabe , , who plans to stand for another five year presidential term next year , accuses the west of working with the opposition and businesses to overthrow his government .
speaking just before he left for beijing , north korean envoy kim gye gwan said his country had a right to peaceful nuclear activity .
a spokesman for al sadr , sheikh salah al obeidi , said that any effort to bar sadrists from participation in politics would be unconstitutional and that any decision to disband the mehdi army is not the government s to make .
they sedated him again and he fell asleep , cahe told a local radio station .
ietnam s leaders have decided to remove dozens of companies from the control of the armed forces and the ruling communist party .
the chairman has appeared everyday at the seoul district prosecutors office in seocho dong , southern seoul , since monday and has undergone a hour long questioning each day .
a militant islamic group that recently renamed itself al qaeda islamic maghreb has claimed responsibility for two suicide attacks that killed dozens in algeria including an assassination attempt on the country s president .
khalilzad said un envoy ibrahim gambari , who recently met senior figures during a four day visit to burma , should return to the country very soon to assist in talks .
the ap s ariel david reports from vatican city
god only knows .
the quality of your work isn t want it used to be
british author salman rushdie and his wife padma lakshmi , host of tv show top chef , are getting divorced , his spokeswoman has said , just two weeks after he was awarded a controversial knighthood .
video has emerged of mdc supporters being beaten up since the vote .
a wildfire in the san fernando valley doubled in size overnight .
the u . n . high commissioner for refugees said on monday that more than , people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from sudan s darfur region to neighboring chad , still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government .
profits are up as a result of the steps we took last year to control costs and strengthen our business , said chief executive willie walsh .
child friendly means both good medical care and staff that work well with babies and children , petrack says .
days before , cahaner had been deployed near israel s southern border preparing to be dropped into egypt s sinai peninsula when plans suddenly changed .
south korean troops do their own posturing .
disenchantment grew after repeated scandals showed that many of the country s rich and powerful pay bribes or help their sons get u . s . citizenship to keep them out of the military .
the safety of the students , staff and visitors are of paramount importance to me , flinchum responded at monday s news conference .
the head of the ministry of railways , liu zhijun , was headed to the site to oversee rescue efforts , the web site of the shandong government said .
christopher hill , who leads the u . s . negotiating team , was in beijing , china , this week for the so called six party talks involving the united states , russia , china , japan , north korea and south korea .
both parties appeared to have lost some support following the fires and a financial scandal in which state pension funds bought bonds at inflated prices .
the department is a direct result of the september , terrorist attacks , which exposed security lapses and intelligence failures , and led to calls for sweeping changes to the nation s defense , intelligence and law enforcement sectors .
shares in the state run company , china s biggest oil and gas producer , opened at . yuan . , compared with the ipo price of . yuan . .
all this is the labor department this morning , reports that the number of americans still asking for unemployment benefits , is up sharply to a year high .
let s get the latest live from the new york stock exchange and the ap s warren levinson
it s all very exciting , he said , for a self described normal teen who spends a lot of time drawing .
when asked what s next , he said , i m going to the toy store .
the decision by the law lords effectively changes british law , giving victims of deliberate assault the right to sue after the current six year limit expires , the woman and her attorney said .
manager joe girardi shook up the struggling new york yankees lineup before thursday night s game against the kansas city royals .
bush contends that the troop surge he ordered in january has been a success and was necessary at a point when the fight in iraq was faltering .
the louisiana state penitentiary , or angola prison , is the size of manhattan and surrounded on three sides by the mississippi river .
irfan , , and elasmar , , admitted helping khan supply the equipment .
naranjo said other evidence in the computers suggests farc purchased kilograms of uranium this month .
but those investing , with three korean employees are required to stay for at least three years to win the status .
turkey s secularism is enshrined in the constitution and fiercely guarded by
writer a . e . hotchner , who partnered with newman to start newman s own salad dressing company in the s , said the year old actor told him about the disease about months ago .
the last time it was at percent was from june to june .
they do a lot of walking while they re here , and they re tired , said debra catania , whose family owns the inn .
the one legged dadullah figured prominently for the taliban in media interviews .
what causes or motivates the shopper to buy this product ?
a defense department official says osama bin laden s former driver , salim hamdan , is being transferred from gitmo back to his home country of yemen .
south korea s joint chiefs of staff jcs declined to comment on the report .
the two candidates vying to be french president have gone head to head in a highly anticipated tv debate .
after arriving in seoul at pm gmt , the envoy will brief president kim on the outcome of his visit to north korea , a south korean official said .
harry potter and the order of the phoenix sees the hogwarts students in a more mature mood . director david yates told cnn that friendship was at the heart of the film .
onlookers resorted to ferrying the injured to hospitals in private cars .
australian pm kevin rudd says the authorities will come down like a ton of bricks on violent protesters .
two whales that took a wrong turn and swam miles kilometers of a river inland to sacramento were heading back toward the pacific ocean on sunday , according to the coast guard .
the prosecution spied on just phones last year from in .
a small newborn who s going to be a big child will grow faster in the first two years than a big baby who s going to be a small child .
today s schoolchildren will not be part of the productive labor force until far into the future .
the gunman in monday s massacre at virginia tech was cho seung hui , a year old senior english major from centreville , virginia , virginia tech police chief wendell flinchum said tuesday .
a source close to the governor says incoming white house chief of staff rahm emanuel contacted the office about the appointment , but emanuel has refused comment .
and on saturday , she left for osaka to be reunited with him .
abe was referring to as many as , comfort women , many of them korean , who were forced to work as sexual slaves for japanese soldiers on the front lines .
the new arrivals were sponsored by the international fellowship of christians and jews , a charity that funnels millions of dollars from evangelical donors each year .
the research group s monthly report is an important economic pointer because consumer spending accounts for about two thirds of the us economy .
the news of the world said chelsy davy who has been studying at a college in england while dating the prince broke off the relationship this week .
his predecessor , mahathir mohamad , has called for his resignation , the associated press reported , a prospect badawi shot down in a news conference after preliminary results were announced .
a law enforcement official being briefed on the situation told cnn that the shooter used at least one shotgun .
put down the cell phone !
a one day , u . s . government funded conference on north korea s human rights situation took place in washington on tuesday , but senior american officials did not attend in an apparent sign that the bush administration hopes to avoid irritating pyongyang on the eve of the resumption of six party disarmament talks .
mexico city , mexico cnn a moderate earthquake of . magnitude struck southwestern mexico on sunday night , according to the u . s . geological survey .
jimale was attacked at his home in northern mogadishu and hospitalized at keysaney hospital ,
the report also provides new information about how aids , tuberculosis and malaria affect economic growth in developing countries .
armenia , population million , lies a east of turkey , south of georgia and north of iran .
gusmao was convening an emergency meeting of the island s government in dili , deputy prime minister jose luis gutteres told cnn .
the more mountainous regions have seen up to centimeters , or nearly six feet of snow , and many of the regions slammed by the snow and cold are poorly accessible .
the government is arresting and beating the peaceful buddhist monks , he told the bbc . i think that my fellow colleagues will make their decision on their own but i can t say that anybody s going to follow my way .
prospect of fielding a joint north and south korean soccer team for the world cup in germany will be discussed .
the previous oldest woman was maria de jesus , who died this week in portugal at age , guinness world records said .
nowak said she wore to reduce stops along the highway and a letter indicating how much she loved oefelein .
even before the show reached its stirring finale , the invitation only audience was on its feet and cheering the performers .
making sure that chen s visit went smoothly was extremely important to taiwanese president ma ying jeou .
baghdad , iraq cnn more militants from libya are turning up in iraq , u . s . military researchers say .
and at least five people were arrested in tussles between communist chinese supporters and pro tibetan protesters .
it s true that beijing is going to be tough with the olympic games with the problem i have , but now it seems that everything is under control , which is important because the olympic games remain a very important goal for me in , henin said .
. women don t question doctors
the use of lasers rather than scalpels to operate on everything from tumors , deafness and spine injuries .
information has shown us that if kids are going to lose an interest in math and science , it s going to be during these years , he said . so we ve targeted these teachers to try to illustrate for their students how math and science can be cool and relevant and applied to their daily lives , and just fun .
the recall covers , units of various barbie accessory toys that were manufactured between september , , and august , .
that s where the ceiling effect comes in .
the fire broke out around a . m . while people were working in the , square meter basement of the frozen goods storehouse .
these party insiders and elected officials who are granted special voting privileges at the national convention eventually will determine the next democratic nominee .
bringing up baby with safe and green toys
based in osaka , a city in the kansai region of japan s main island of honshu , gamba osaka plays in the national j league and was recently crowned asian champions after beating australia s adelaide united in the afc champions league final .
the calls come amid budding signs of an economic recovery that is seen to be hampered by weak investment from the corporate sector .
what we think of as eastern europe more correctly central europe comes with old fashioned flypaper and bandleaders with big moustaches .
yesterday the main index , kospi , passed , points for the first time in its history .
the announcement came shortly after the two british lawmakers in khartoum since saturday to secure the release of gillian gibbons announced they were delaying their planned departure from the capital , a move widely interpreted as a sign of progress .
korean aid organizations will leave afghanistan within a month as part of their efforts to free hostages held by taliban militants , according to a report .
park was blocked tuesday by national intelligence service officials from leaving for seattle and was transferred yesterday to the seoul central district prosecutors office .
in february and in march . may s death numbers appeared to support senate testimony last month from gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq .
australian commandos have landed in east timor in an effort to quell three days of increasing violence .
the korea times reports the united states is mapping out a new theater war plan on the korean peninsula aimed at striking weapons of mass destruction in north korea , reports said yesterday , citing an unidentified chinese defense expert in canada .
federer , who has never won the french open , needs to take the roland garros title to become only the third man after american don budge and australian rod laver to hold all four majors at the same time .
what happened , to me , was clearly either an attempted rebellion or an attempted coup d etat , teodoro said .
an elaborate matrix of paths scattered throughout the entire solar system can dramatically cut the amount of power needed for spacecraft to explore our celestial neighborhood , nasa announced this week .
here s ap religion editor steve coleman .
north korea said it needed more time to prepare for the talks about reconnecting and repairing railway routes between kaesong and shinuiju .
the third most watched sports event after the world cup and summer olympics
she defeated aiko nakamura in an all japanese match up .
unwinding late at night with a round of golf is a bigger challenge .
no one claimed responsibility for saturday s suicide attack in the town of miran shah , but islamic militants including supporters of the taliban and al qaeda are active in the lawless border region of north waziristan .
on a recent tour , sattui was interrupted when his cell phone rang presidential hopeful rudy giuliani calling to talk about a fundraiser at the castle .
seats , luggage and clothing were scattered as far as feet from the point of impact .
u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill , the main american nuclear envoy , was scheduled to arrive wednesday in beijing for the working groups and will stay at least a week , said susan stevenson , a u . s . embassy spokeswoman in beijing .
cnn croatia sent out a message of intent to the other euro finalists as they stunned highly fancied germany in klagenfurt to secure a place in the quarterfinals .
little is known about prince michael ii .
in los angeles , thousands of demonstrators were met by counter demonstrators .
tepco did not say when kashiwazaki might re open .
colt mccoy hit quan cosby with a yard td pass with seconds left , to rally the third ranked longhorns pass th ranked ohio state .
the next special session is to open in april .
rihanna is trying to get back some loaner jewelry she had with her the night that she had the confrontation with chris brown .
pope benedict xvi urged tens of thousands of young catholics packing a soccer stadium thursday to resist the temptations of wealth , power and other snares of evil , and told them to promote life from its beginning to natural end .
the problem is that the land they built on belongs to the government .
the associated press said more than people were dead amid reports of horrific attacks , including the torching of a church where people who had sought refuge were burned alive .
ike skelton , d missouri , the armed services committee s chairman , ordered several protesters arrested for interrupting what he said may be the most important hearing of the year .
los angeles , california cnn a court has ordered pop singer britney spears to give up custody of her children effective wednesday at noon .
it might have been the setting for a jaws movie .
he was speaking after being sworn in for a new term in office by communist chinese president hu jintao .
my colleagues told me all other cars passed where the bomb was planted and only that car when it came into the area the bomb exploded , he said .
as played by paul giamatti in fred claus , santa tries to keep the ho ho ho in his voice despite a weight problem and a centuries old case of sibling rivalry involving his black sheep brother vince vaughn .
it is also speculated that president roh moo hyun is to talk with president george w . bush sometime this week to declare the signing of the deal .
arsenal football club can confirm that it has reached an agreement with barcelona for the transfer of thierry henry .
governor mark sanford has declared a state of emergency in horry county , south carolina .
delegate rich ohio and texas hold contests on tuesday , along with rhode island and vermont .
it is the rigorous analysis of five years of excesses and abuses often tolerated in the name of the fight against terrorism , socialist claudio fava , the report s author , told parliament .
al mulla said police action was swift and arrests were made within hours .
a year old man saved his grandson from the grip of a foot long meter anaconda by beating the snake with rocks and a knife for half an hour , authorities said thursday .
the bribes were linked to sub standard medicines , blamed for several deaths .
for years , they have complained that the government has paid little attention to them and their economic needs .
the kazakh s entire astana team also withdrew from the race .
removing the united states from the panel spain and italy agreed to withdraw their candidacies so that the u . s . could take their place .
lee also said the two countries should push for the ratification of the fta as early as possible .
tourism officials say they hope south koreans will be able to do the same by the end of or the beginning of next year under a law signed by president bush last year that allows more countries to qualify for visa waivers .
according to a girls gone wild press release , dupre visited miami in to celebrate her th birthday . after fighting with a friend and getting thrown out of her hotel , dupre found a nearby girls gone wild bus , the company said .
who s the father ?
news reports say a ban has been imposed while chinese workers lay pipelines and cables in the area .
ashjan abu srour , a year old policewoman , wore an islamic headscarf , as she coaxed an elderly couple to walk on the sidewalk , not on the road .
sauger magoni at the white house .
michael bloomberg wants to overturn new york city s term limit law and run for a third term as mayor .
spilotro was the model for the joe pesci character in the movie .
in the second raid , us troops arrested more than interior ministry staff said to be guarding a secret prison .
nowak , , is charged with attempted kidnapping for allegedly confronting her former boyfriend s new love interest in a parking lot at florida s orlando international airport on february
several manholes are visible , and portions of the original plastering remain , he said .
the group wants to establish an independent basque state from parts of northeastern spain and southwestern france .
russia has been urged to crack down on the widespread availability of cheap pirated software , films and music as it prepares to enter the world trade organization .
francesca lewis , , apparently fell out of the plane or was ejected on impact , her mother , valerie lewis , told cnn on wednesday .
those weekly meetings in panmunjom , though usually quick and businesslike , were an important diplomatic portal used to keep the peace between the two sides , which are still technically at war .
richmond , virginia cnn state legislators passed a law saturday that would require adults who french kiss a child younger than to register as a sex offender .
korea saw the imd graded ranking hit its lowest point in seven years since when it ranked st .
the mangyongbong is the only passenger ship making regular trips between japan and north korea .
thousands queued to register prepaid phones on tuesday to beat a midnight deadline set by the government .
until the mid s , adidas was the clear leader .
asian stocks tumbled monday as traders took their cues from wall street , where persistent worries about a possible u . s . recession sent shares sinking friday .
because of what happened yesterday , two other newly elected lawmakers could not be sworn in , said yoo s spokesman , yang soon pil . yoo doesn t want to embarrass them .
i don t serve the people with clothes , i serve them with my work at the assembly , yoo said . before giving evidence the witness had to take an oath .
the force also is helping to protect the transitional government , backed by the united nations , which is struggling to establish order after more than years without a functioning central authority .
lee eun young of the ruling uri party , who is leading the revision of the law on sexual assault .
an indian navy ship that was patrolling the gulf of eden this morning received a distress call from a merchant vessel flying an ethiopian flag saying they were under attack by pirates .
she knew it well , after playing her last six rounds with sorenstam and using the knowledge gathered to remain composed under the pressure of playing a final round in a major championship .
china s mining industry is the most dangerous in the world , averaging deaths a day from fires , explosions and floods .
the attacks occurred as many people were awake , watching sri lanka s cricket team play australia in the world cup final on television , the associated press reported .
it has taken years of negotiations for beijing to agree to the trip .
the guy was just very positive , always smiling , always telling you a story .
south korea preserves strong conservatism , partly based on confucianism .
the theme of the seminar will be love of god , love of neighbor , the vatican said in a news release .
but in december , hill announced that the north appeared ready to discuss specific steps toward ending its nuclear program .
venezuelan president hugo chavez dismissed as a clown show the interpol report thursday declaring that computers found in ecuador by the colombian military belonged to leftist rebels .
and depending on the result of the interrogation , they will be sent to labor camps for a few months or to prison for a few years .
the signs of full blown depression are usually more severe and last longer .
the enemies of liberty and our country should make no mistake
polls show that , if a vote were held today , berlusconi would eke out a narrow victory .
the four person plot , revealed saturday , demonstrated the growing importance of informants in the government s efforts to combat terrorism , particularly as smaller radical groups become more aggressive .
he had only a pair of innings , but the composed year old left hander allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings .
she says the garden s centerpiece , a symbolic low stone sculpture that s broken , is fitting for those whose lives were shattered by priests .
indonesia has not shared any bird flu samples since last december , arguing that the pharmaceutical companies that could develop vaccines would make them too expensive for its population .
u . s . forces received a tip on where the hostages were held , said lt . col . christopher garver .
former president bill clinton said that democrats were more likely to lose in november if hillary clinton is not the nominee , and suggested some were trying to push and pressure and bully superdelegates to make up their minds prematurely .
it was the first time that the won has fallen against the greenback since the end of when the won dropped . percent year on year against the dollar .
the parties accuse abdullah gul of having a hidden islamist agenda and say his election would threaten turkey s secular tradition .
iranian state television showed footage of ahmadinejad shaking hands , smiling and chatting with the detainees , who were dressed in suits .
jurors heard lurid testimony , including braunstein s musings about sending vogue editor anna wintour to a hell guarded by rats .
mizuho financial group fell . percent to , yen us , euro , .
in the ruling , the appellate court ordered him to pay million won in damages .
a man has just walked into the clinton office , opened his coat and showed us a bomb strapped to his chest with duct tape , the web site reported .
most other national polls show obama with a lead ranging between points and double digits .
paul wolfowitz is to quit as president of the world bank following a bitter promotion row involving his girlfriend .
ark geun hye , a presidential hopeful from the grand national party , denied suspicions that she was involved in recent attacks on her rival lee myung bak .
roddick won his only grand slam title at the u . s . open .
kang added that the organizations might return to afghanistan some day after the release of the hostages with security guarantees by the afghan government .
gul , who denies any islamist agenda , has already signaled he wants to run again .
the summit was followed by the inter korean prime ministerial talks held in seoul earlier this month for the first time in years .
on his next trip to europe , he ll bounce back from jet lag faster than his unmedicated friends .
he arrived monday for his third visit to the war torn nation since being confirmed as pentagon chief .
he called the election two years early after enacting constitutional changes that hand the lower house more powers such as naming the prime minister .
after the announcement , bush and rove were headed to the president s ranch in crawford , texas .
roh s acceptance of the ruling eased concerns that the president might be set to collide head on with the constitutional court after he indirectly expressed dissatisfaction with its decision .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki has ordered the arrest of a top army officer after a string of bombings that killed more than people wednesday , the prime minister s office announced .
crocker told reporters that in terms of policy for iraq there isn t much to argue about .
ballesteros was only diagnosed after collapsing at madrid s barajas airport last week .
his successor lady thatcher said he was a political giant and in every sense the first modern conservative leader .
china has failed to keep its promise of improving its human rights record in the lead up to the olympic games , amnesty international has said .
the discs store seven times more data than existing cds , and new disc drives will read that information faster .
according to the biography on that site , kitt lived in connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren .
regarded by many as the best of the current heavyweights , klitschko , knockouts tops the independent ibo rankings .
interest rates could be lowered for five years and then raised to a predetermined level . loan terms could be lengthened to years .
he said the companies collaborated with the foundation to lower production costs , in part by securing lower prices for raw materials .
the agriculture ministry said yesterday that beef consumption per person was . kilograms pounds last year , percent lower than the previous year .
the field is getting crowded , though .
kosovo declared independence last sunday and the united states was among the first countries to offer official recognition of its split from serbia .
destinyspace and a similar company called rocketplane are looking at forming a space fashion organization with other partners , while the massachusetts institute of technology mit is looking at a new slim fit space suit .
on sunday , the taliban ruled out further talks after they said government negotiators demanded the unconditional release of the hostages and a senior afghan official said that force might be used to rescue them if talks failed .
murray made the crucial break in the fifth game of the first set , but needed all three break points before clinching a lead .
the military is pushing to introduce drastic reforms to its judicial system to secure the independence of judges and prosecutors and better protect the rights of the accused .
last week , police opened fire on a crocodile as it closed in on a drunken year old man who had accepted a dare to swim out to an offshore crocodile trap , and last month a crocodile nearly snatched a year old israeli tourist from his boat on a river .
this summer seemed to be a continuous meteorological event , from storms that stranded tens of thousands of airline passengers on runways to hurricane dean .
federal prosecutors charged two men with plotting a killing spree against african americans that would have been capped with an attempt to kill sen . barack obama while they wore white tuxedos , federal officials said monday .
the iowa district court for polk county advances the case to the iowa supreme court which will make a final decision on same sex marriage , according to lambda legal , a gay and lesbian legal organization representing the couples .
the government warned recently that china s mining industry , the most dangerous in the world , would likely see more accidents as output was boosted to provide heating for the winter months .
sao paulo , brazil cnn a roman catholic priest who floated off under hundreds of helium party balloons was missing monday off the southern coast of brazil .
the officials are suspected of working on the illicit transfer of wealth from samsung group chairman lee kun hee to his children .
she met with the king wednesday and with several members of the shura council , an unelected advisory assembly named by the king , on thursday .
bryan holman was hosting the candidate and told clinton the story .
on tuesday , gazprom said it was halting percent of its gas deliveries beginning at p . m . moscow time noon et .
snl , famous for mocking politicians and newsmakers , portrayed the governor in a four minute weekend update segment as confused and disoriented
teenagers need eight to hours of sleep , compared with the six to eight hours recommended for adults .
darren fletcher was shown a yellow card for a foul on malouda , ruling him out of the ukraine game in october .
and the north korean leader used the occasion to quash speculation that he was suffering from ill health saying south korean media reported that i have diabetes and even heart disease , but the fact is that is not the case at all .
he was taken to the hospital , the marine corps said in a written statement monday .
a spokesman for the hawaii based pacific tsunami warning center had said there were dangers of a localized tsunami , stretching from km miles from the epicenter .
soviet ruled estonia , which regained its independence in , until after the death of josef stalin in .
information that we got is from one of the survivors ? actually at the shooting , one of the people to live up to escape the house .
a conspiracy theorist who also goes by the name psychospy , campbell sent the governor a page letter of protest against turning the area into a tourist trap .
cleaning staff found the two men s bodies in a room at the grand hyatt hotel on friday afternoon , a police spokeswoman said , speaking on condition of anonymity due to policy .
guidelines used to draft the new charter bar nobel laureate suu kyi from national office because she was married to a foreigner her late british husband , michael aris and enjoyed the privileges of a foreign national .
tanya rider , , was found alive but dehydrated at the bottom of a steep ravine in suburban maple valley on thursday , more than a week after she failed to return home from work .
two lebanese soldiers and a fighter were killed monday in the clashes between the army and jund al sham islamic militants in the refugee camp of ein el hilweh in sidon , southern lebanon .
her estranged brother in law , william balfour , , was charged in the killings .
today , the candidates are making their case on the economy to voters in battleground states .
andersen recalls one particular morning last october when her customer s normally cheerful demeanor had changed .
the boy and father bowed their heads as karzai spoke .
association head han ki bong projected the association would have a good opportunity at winning the court action because other news agencies already marked a victory in similar cases .
the crowd staged a rally outside the house of prem tinsulanonda , a senior adviser to thailand s king .
some intelligence analysts believe bin laden and his second in command , ayman al zawahiri , are hiding in western pakistan .
aso was responding to a question posed by an opposition lawmaker on how the japanese government aimed to solve the issue of north korea s kidnapping of japanese civilians who were taken to be trained as spies in the s and the s .
arlington , virginia cnn president bush marked memorial day with a call for americans to stand firm in their efforts against u . s . enemies around the world and with a tribute to fallen troops .
sarkozy said his wife was suffering from a severe sore throat and could not make the journey , but the fact cecilia was spotted shopping with friends on both friday and sunday raised eyebrows back home .
last month , typhoon lekima left people dead in vietnam .
white house spokesman tony snow said that bush would veto the new bill in its current form .
the president is disappointed that the senate continues down a path with a bill that he will veto and has no chance of becoming law , it said .
portuguese police said they were now giving special attention to the theory that madeleine , who has been missing since early may , was dead , pa reported .
although this wage based approach to measurement avoids some of the pitfalls that come from equating levels of education directly with human capital , it creates others .
amnesty issued a report last month that concluded sentences in iraq increasingly follow flawed trials and coerced confessions .
the ministry of health and welfare said yesterday that people were newly infected with the hiv virus last year , an increase of nearly percent from the number of new cases in .
loud buzzing machine noise that s the sound of rescuers cutting through the debris to get to trapped children .
about giant pandas live in the center .
the bill was never voted on by the full senate .
however , the tourists turned on the police , attacking and injuring one officer and then surrounding a police car to prevent the officers from leaving , he said .
two weeks ago they appeared in front of a judge in the paris suburb of creteil , when the public prosecutor asked that the chadian sentence be converted to a term in prison , a court of appeals spokeswoman told cnn .
oil prices rose to an intraday trading record above a barrel tuesday after the u . s . dollar fell further and crude supplies to the u . s . and elsewhere were disrupted .
the quote was preceded by the writer s observation remarkably , will believes everyone is basically good .
make a baby .
the year old , who was arrested on sunday and held without bail at a detention centre , is expected to appear in court for a hearing on wednesday morning .
he is also linked to a attack in yemen in which four hostages were killed .
we are giving all internet users the opportunity to demonstrate in places were protests are not normally possible , the statement said .
special search and rescue teams from the u . s . and france are at the site where the three story building crumbled on friday .
in the brightly drawn sequel , as technically smooth as we ve come to expect from the dreamworks cartoon factory , all four use their time in africa the land of their ancestors ! as an opportunity for personal growth , only to wind up more or less the way they always were .
the boy came in the way and grabbed the knife , shareef told the associated press . one brave boy saved the president s life .
under a law that took effect at the end of last month , unregistered moneylenders are banned from charging more than percent on loans , a figure that is routinely surpassed , with some consumers paying as much as percent to grey market loan sharks , according to a financial supervisory service study .
one seat went to an independent candidate .
the restrictions would give troops an opportunity to further review procedures and orders that govern the discipline and conduct of all us service members serving in okinawa , it said .
sydney , australia cnn an australian judge has aborted a drug trial after discovering that some of the jurors were playing the puzzle game sudoku while evidence was being given .
the incident happened before dawn , when troops manning a defense line in the northern sri lanka village of muhamalai attempted to advance toward the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi in the northern wanni region , the sources said .
it will be the first time inspections have been allowed at yongbyon since un monitors were expelled in . pyongyang has agreed to close the reactor in exchange for energy aid .
the report notes that the defense department has identified only combat troops for deployment in the increase but says , u . s . military operations also require substantial support forces , including personnel to staff headquarters , serve as military police and provide communications , contracting , engineering , intelligence , medical and other services .
the girl , who lives in the city of zhangjiajie in hunan province , got the idea after seeing something similar on a local television program , he said .
the country has come to have nuclear and other strong military weapons to deal with increased nuclear threats by the u . s . imperialists , according to the yonhap news agency which monitors north korean broadcasts .
thousands of people evacuated after the initial . magnitude quake face the prospect of having to be moved on again due to fears of massive flooding if the the lakes burst , cnn s kyung lah reported thursday .
two hostages freed by colombian rebels have landed in the venezuelan capital , caracas , where dozens of their friends and family carrying flowers clapped and embraced them .
dow jones will be part of news corp , john prestbo , editor and executive director of dow jones indexes , told reporters in chicago . prestbo said the information came from an internal company memo .
police said they had detained a suspect but gave no details about his condition or a possible motive . in an earlier incident , miles away , two people were killed and two were wounded shortly after midnight when a gunman entered a training center for young missionaries in the denver suburb of arvada , police said .
the overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools
the bulletin of the atomic scientists , which keeps the clock , set the hands at , two minutes ahead of the time it has had since .
farmers are proud to turn their experienced hands to this delicate task .
that s because it never happened .
moscow , russia cnn a cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed wednesday that two women died and were buried inside .
in recent years , however , it has been redefined as the use of nuclear weapons anywhere on earth , he said .
the team finished fifth of six teams in the constructors championship and the suzuki sport team drivers were th and th in the individual standings .
both sides were working on a statement of principles before the summit and on what happens after annapolis . that document has not materialized , mccormack said .
made up of local residents and environmental groups , the demonstrators are concerned that a third runway and a sixth terminal will be created at heathrow , the world s busiest international airport .
polls show most people support an apology , and rudd had promised to do so if he was elected .
jewell had been suffering from diabetes and kidney failure since february , worley said .
it also quoted haq as saying that pakistan s strategy of credible minimum deterrence was fully in place and was a guarantee of peace in the region .
the reports come as nations try to work out ways to implement the accord drafted in kyoto , japan .
in , billion gallons hit worldwide stores
cnn could not immediately confirm the authenticity of the videotape .
twenty four civilians were killed in what a human rights group and military prosecutors said was a house to house rampage by marines after a bomb exploded , killing a marine .
the world is so heavy and dark , he observed .
insurgents wearing military uniforms killed people in an attack early tuesday on a village near baquba , while a suicide car bomber struck an army patrol east of baghdad , killing , the iraqi interior ministry said .
summers , who was treasury secretary in the clinton administration , will be named chief of the national economic council by obama at an event in chicago , illinois , on monday , the sources said .
the year old killed by the cervical cancer that she publicized on an almost daily basis since being diagnosed last year .
the ap s karen russo reports from chicago
duhamel is the star of nbc s las vegas , and appeared in the action movie transformers .
the use of toilets and hand washing with soap prevents the transfer of bacteria , viruses and parasites that might otherwise contaminate water supplies , soil and food .
experts , associates and friends say he realized decades ago that he would make his mark as prince of wales rather than as an octogenarian king , and so decided to expand that undefined role and use it to pursue causes dear to his heart .
book retailer waterstone s , which set up the petition , said rowling could still write more harry potter books even if the title character is killed .
israel s prime minister ariel sharon has been taken to hospital after suffering a very minor stroke .
a senior official at russia s culture ministry says it will not provide a distribution license .
the report is part of a government campaign launched earlier this month to warn parents about airbags .
meanwhile , a suicide assault killed people , including police , in an eastern province , officials said .
map of blacksburg
in saturday s poll , giuliani had percent and huckabee had percent those numbers were reversed on sunday .
playing the role of the good girl to her older sister s naughty reputation , was great for jamie lynn s clean image and could have ultimately been good for her bank account .
right now , the dow down at , .
but ms suu kyi remains under house arrest and western diplomats , including khalilzad , have voiced scepticism over the commitment of burma s leaders to a genuine process of dialogue .
emi and apple said they were still hoping to make the fab four s music available soon .
republicans said the non binding vote was a waste of time and democrats failed to gain enough support .
the news of his imminent change to civilian status drew a muted reaction from the united states , which has repeatedly called on musharraf to remove his uniform .
british embassy officials in rome said five fans received stab wounds while two others , including a year old boy , needed treatment for being drunk , the press association reported .
the u . s . house of representatives has passed the revised version of billion bank bailout plan intended to bolster the ailing u . s . financial system .
phelps , , won in four minutes . seconds to wipe . off the previous mark of . which he set at the athens olympics .
e mail and pen and paper
albert einstein s e mc is probably the world s most famous equation .
stanton vowed to try to appear on as many news shows as possible .
twenty seven million new cancer cases are expected by , according to a report released tuesday by the world health organization s cancer research agency .
erasing any lingering doubts over his mind and body after a bruising french open final defeat by rafael nadal .
in the statement , a spokesman for ban said he has full confidence in the united nations country team .
all in all a pretty awful holiday season .
administration officials also said they hoped the summit would lead toward the strengthening of the palestinian government s infrastructure after the recent split between abbas fatah party and hamas .
he is accused of collecting information on south korea after seeking asylum in january and of visiting north korea illegally in april to report what he found .
but a high rank south korean official downplayed the report , saying that he has not heard such n . k . demands from officials of the united states or japan .
chrysler plans to bring an electric car to market next year .
fourteen years ago , the generals set up a constitutional convention , which was boycotted by the opposition .
the interim government now running bangladesh is doing so with the backing of the military , which ruled the country until throughout the s .
defense minister juan manuel santos denied colombia had violated ecuadoran airspace , but correa and chavez assailed the raid as an infringement of ecuador s sovereignty .
the argument was that in the middle of the first century this important piece of christian history was framed within the outer cup . for around years a lot of people thought this was the holy grail , and maybe some people still do . boring though this is
the controversial stop in taiwan will be followed by hong kong and macau before a stop journey through mainland china brings it to the national stadium in time to light the cauldron at the opening ceremony on august next year .
we still laugh at the book , watkins said .
it also said some foreigners were required to make a large amount of deposit when they buy cell phones and apply for credit cards .
in a party forum wednesday morning , a group of lawmakers agreed to put forth a bill late this month aiming to annul what they claim is a draconian law .
about , police and soldiers were deployed to help handle the protesters and quell any violence .
the joong ang ilbo reports , five teenagers ?
following u . s . appeals for solidarity in dealing with north korea , foreign minister ban ki moon made a pointed declaration yesterday that pyongyang needed to return to nuclear disarmament talks unconditionally .
the heaviest , huigerito , was kilograms , pounds .
one of china s main concerns after the may earthquake is to deal with the effects of its aftershocks , with landslides having created dangerous quake lakes .
sony corp . released video of the new . inch display friday .
zhuang jian , senior economist with the asian development bank s china resident mission , told the newspaper that he expected the grim situation to persist .
advances are taking place in a wide range of technologies at different stages of development , the report said .
celebratory gunfire erupted across the capital sunday when iraq s soccer team won the asian cup , in a shutout against champions saudi arabia .
it helped push paris s cac and frankfurt s dax slightly into the black .
japan once led the world in microbe based products , and it entered the biotech arena running flat out .
i get to read a lot more scripts .
the obamas are scheduled to spend twelve days in hawaii .
the school was placed on lockdown after the incident , but parents later were allowed to pick up their children .
it does happen that a blade will sometimes just come off a machine for one reason or another , he said . the main reason is the blade may shear .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe said tokyo feels responsible for forcing women to work in brothels during world war ii , newsweek magazine reported .
joseph prior , director of the local doctors without borders mission , said he and his colleagues treated around or people who suffered third degree burns after the plane crashed into their homes .
the united nations and international rights groups have been strongly critical of it .
we are very excited by what we ve seen in the lab . we ve had some promising results , derek mcleish , president and ceo of the santa barbara based company , told cnn .
seventeen percent think the situation is improving .
iran has denied any involvement and has said it does not recognize the validity of the warrants .
the result is a sort of guerrilla war against charisma .
when asked whether race relations will always pose a problem in the united states , about half of black americans , percent , said yes and just percent of whites shared that view .
her depression caused nowak to lose percent of her body weight shortly before her arrest , the court papers say .
dean emerged back into the gulf of mexico on tuesday , entering the bay of campeche , which lies in the gulf s southwestern corner .
woman pregnant with monkey convicted of smuggling
some people were injured .
sarkozy s supporters have gathered for an open air concert in the place de la concorde , which is expected to continue until the early hours .
in the second price hike in a year , starbucks in july raised the average price of its coffee and other freshly made drinks in most of its u . s . stores by cents , citing the rising cost of dairy products and other essentials .
nepal s election commissioner estimated turnout of about percent much higher than previous elections .
in cats , as in people , it is made up of nearly billion building blocks .
judge cesare tacconi also ordered people to face trial on the same charges , at the end of preliminary hearings into the case , the sources told reuters wednesday .
prosecutors are also investigating whether korea s financial regulators and former korea exchange bank executives conspired together to understate the bank s financial health and thus make lone star eligible to buy keb . the legal snarl finally prompted the u . s . fund to terminate its sales plan last month .
korea s newfound hero , hines ward , a half korean who won the most valuable player in this year s super bowl , said he expects to learn more about his heritage during this trip to the country of his birth .
the u . s . space agency nasa said yi was also the youngest female astronaut .
congress to pass a billion package to combat aids in the developing world .
on the descent of the aircraft , it just seemed like it was coming in too quick , royal australian air force leading aircraftsman kyle quinlan told australian broadcasting corp . there was no warning , nothing came over the speakers .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
most houses in the region made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron stood little chance of withstanding the the powerful winds .
lebanese internal security forces said three lebanese civilian bystanders were killed in the explosion in beirut s dora area , contradicting earlier reports of four .
chung himself has made a bid for leniency , apologizing in court for causing trouble over this case and pledging to make hyundai the world s no . automaker if given the chance .
the waif like daughter of singer lionel richie pleaded guilty friday to driving under the influence of drugs and was sentenced to four days in jail .
hollywood films took up about percent of the market share , with the most popular foreign film for the year , the animated ogre and princess comedy shrek , attracting . million viewers in seoul .
the grand jury has also issued an additional charge of aggravated sexual assaults against jeffs .
but china demonizes the spiritual leader and believes the united states is honoring a separatist .
san francisco police chief heather fong has said that a shoe print found on the railing at the tiger enclosure is being examined to determine if one of the victims climbed over the rail or threw their leg over the side .
if we do not turn the hearts of children toward knowledge and character , we will lose their gifts and undermine their idealism .
to the mothers and fathers , to the brothers and sisters we say sorry . and for the indignity and degradation on a proud people and a proud culture we say sorry .
we follow a handful of career at t employees who have lost their jobs .
communist china has punished more than , officials in the first eight months of this year on corruption charges , according to official state news agency xinhua .
the impact of land turning into desert is not restricted to china s borders alone .
when you wink and nod at offensive statements , you re really sending a signal to your supporters that anything goes , axelrod said .
witnesses said campbell was aboard a british airways plane due to take off for los angeles when she became involved in a dispute over her luggage .
kenyan president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga met thursday for the first time since last month s bitterly disputed election , under the auspices of former u . n . secretary general kofi annan .
gates has also said a warning to iran
sharif , ousted by general musharraf eight years ago , flew home from saudi arabia on sunday saying musharraf had taken the country to the brink of disaster .
msnbc first announced it would suspend telecasting imus radio program for two weeks , beginning april .
thousands of people are feared to have drowned in new orleans , most of which is under water . in mississippi , people are confirmed dead , but officials warn the toll is expected to rise .
word of the foiled plot came to light sunday morning when yuval diskin , head of israel s domestic shin bet security service , gave details during a weekly meeting of the israeli cabinet .
yi seok enjoyed national fame with a s hit a house of doves , a melodic song about a happy family .
in a statement , al fayed called butler sloss decision to step down a shameful and unnecessary interruption .
petacchi led the sprint for home but napolitano had the strength and speed to beat him to the line by half a wheel and win his first ever stage at the giro .
forecasters from the us national hurricane center expect the hurricane to strengthen further before reaching the us south coast either in texas or louisiana later this week .
south korea plans to beef up its military if the u . s . cuts its forces as planned .
a statement from firefighters said about rescue vehicles were at the scene . the fire continues to burn , firefighters said , but rescuing people on the plane is officials priority .
the party said the agreement will weaken national security and the nation s alliance with washington amid what it claimed was a heightening threat from north korea .
the republican national committee spent about a , on clothing , hair , makeup and other campaign accessories for palin last month .
the mice approached the cat , even snuggled up to it and played with it , kobayakawa said .
the court rejected a similar request on friday .
flying with the flu ?
ehud olmert told parliament legitimate questions could be asked about the israeli annexing of outlying palestinian neighborhoods in east jerusalem following the war .
the world must know that if they try to deny that right to us they will be the most hated nation , he said .
north korea s media has also called on the united states to stop screening the film , saying the th james bond feature slanders the isolated communist state .
that adaptability worries scientists .
the result means that az fail to qualify from the group , continuing their dismal season under coach louis van gaal .
he added , obviously , i m not going to accept a deal that doesn t advance the interests of the region .
los angeles , california ap paris hilton and nicole richie are saying goodbye to the simple life .
the storm has already postponed opportunity s descent into victoria crater to learn more about the planet s geologic past .
at this point there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive , says yanar mohammed , head and founder of the organization for women s freedom in iraq .
the bbc reports the demonstration was organized by the hindu rights action force , which is demanding the release from jail of five of its leaders .
a nasa report on the last minutes of space shuttle columbia cited problems with the crew s helmets , spacesuits and restraints , which resulted in lethal trauma to the seven astronauts aboard .
the truth is , though , this story might have worked better told from a different perspective .
the u . s . military reported soldiers died in iraq on sunday all but one in combat bringing to the number of american service members who have died in iraq in the first week of may .
abbas thanked cheney for the administration s financial support and commitment to a two state solution , but the two men had notably different views on the obstacles impeding the peace deal .
we are identifying ways we can operate more efficiently , he said .
she adds president bush is taking forceful steps to reverse the trend and america is positioned to bounce back .
after approving the move by an overwhelming vote , the body said it would send a letter to year old king gyanendra and his family informing them that they have days to vacate the royal palace .
during his visit , hu reportedly won a pledge from kim that north korea would take part in the next scheduled round of six nation talks on its nuclear program , due to take place in november .
lowe says the proposal to sell the pc through retail channels led to the decision to go with an open architecture .
the royal mail sought to prevent larger explosive devices from entering the post by erecting barriers on letter boxes that reduced the size of the slits , so that only thin envelopes could be inserted .
hours earlier , the iraqi prime minister s office had announced that iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad had called to say his country would send a delegation to the two day conference , which begins on thursday .
he also called opponent sen . john mccain out of touch with people struggling to keep their homes .
the bad news , jon , covers joblessness and consumer spending .
the year old son of tom cruise is following in his father s footsteps .
sarkozy earlier received a standing ovation during the first address in more than a decade by a french leader to a joint session of congress . he pledged to us lawmakers that france would support the us in afghanistan .
eastern africa experienced a series of severe droughts between , and , years ago , and researchers said this climatological shift may have contributed to the population changes , dividing into small , isolated groups that developed independently .
she was sentenced to three years probation and had her license suspended .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id beijing , china cnn human error was to blame for china s worst train accident in more than a decade , china s official news agency reported .
inside a bag nowak was carrying , the officer found a tan trench coat , a new steel mallet , a new folding knife with a inch blade , to feet of rubber tubing , several large plastic garbage bags and about in cash , the report said .
i m proud of the grand plans for this expansion , said carter , who signed the treaty with torrijos father , strongman omar torrijos , that led to the u . s . handover of the canal to panama on december , .
the internet allows the masses to wrest control of fame from traditional media , creating micro celebrities with the click of a mouse , says david weinberger of the harvard berkman center for internet and society .
the ac milan player , who is in his native brazil recovering from a knee surgery , canceled two tv appearances , and local media say he will continue physiotherapy at his home .
iran s ambassador to the international atomic energy agency , ali asghar soltanieh , said tuesday that even the allegations that tehran was pursuing a nuclear weapon up to were false .
offshore and produces around , barrels of crude oil a day .
sylvio berlusconi , the former prime minister who won the post again earlier this month , had asked prodi s government to approve the loan .
the front wheels snapped off an indonesian jetliner as it crash landed and skidded into a rice field where it burst into flames , investigators said as they probed indonesia s second deadly plane crash this year .
microsoft s consistent belief has been that the combination of microsoft and yahoo ! clearly represents the best way to deliver maximum value to our respective shareholders , as well as create a more efficient and competitive company that would provide greater value and service to our customers , microsoft ceo ballmer said in a letter to yahoo ! s board of directors .
the roots of hydroponically produced fruits and vegetables can dangle in direct contact with water or be set in growing media such as sponges or shredded coconut shells .
margaret hill , , has been reunited with her parents , state government spokesman emmanuel okah said .
regulations on buying overseas property for investment purpose is about to be relaxed .
intense fighting is raging between troops and islamist militants at a palestinian refugee camp in lebanon .
and two of the eight locations used by the cbs series ghost whisperer were affected , he said .
they say supporters of government run health care are being excluded from the congressional debate .
the documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern england and wales up to northern ireland . the files released wednesday cover to .
when the vessel was found , there were people aboard and two dead bodies , the official said under department rules barring her name from being published .
rim has million subscribers worldwide and has deals with scores of wireless carriers to offer the blackberry service around the world .
more frequent and more devastating storms caused by climate change could cost billion a year within the next ten years , possibly bankrupting financial services firms , a united nations backed report warned this week .
ruling party will push for a second inter korean summit meeting .
the trial s penalty phase is set to begin next week .
tokyo , japan cnn hello kitty , japan s ubiquitous ambassador of cute , has built up an impressive resume over the years .
around percent of turks over the age of are smokers , consuming around million packs a day , according to yesilay , an organization devoted to fighting alcohol , drug and tobacco abuse .
elizabeth fitzgerald of boulder , colorado , university of colorado boulder
li did not elaborate , but the congress is expected to address the case of former politburo member and shanghai party boss chen liangyu , who became the highest ranking party member to fall in a decade when he was toppled amid a probe into wide ranging corruption .
pakistani cabinet minister sheikh rashid confirmed that musharraf has agreed to step down as army chief .
according to the national action plan on human rights , the ministry deferred a decision on eliminating the death penalty , one of three key laws or practices the human rights commission recommended the government abolish in january last year .
he made the comments as british troops completed their withdrawal from basra palace .
percent of the trauma patient s face was transplanted , the spokeswoman said .
only domestic cartoons approved by sarft are allowed to be aired , according to the regulations .
some people were taking in a recently released bollywood romance , janan janam ke saath , or together through several lifetimes , the press trust of india news agency reported .
ban has been criticized for failing to state the un s policy of opposing the death penalty .
but the barrel amount is tiny even by iraq s depressed post war production of around million barrels a day .
an earlier formulation of such military tribunals was declared unconstitutional last year by the supreme court .
bio diversity has been reduced .
that s easy to do this time of year , when autumn brightens the town s trees , and straw color mums decorate victorian porches on king carter drive .
last week , obama , the presumptive democratic nominee , reversed himself by announcing he would give up public financing for the general election and rely on private contributions , while mccain , his expected republican rival , said came out in favor of lifting a federal ban on offshore oil drilling he once supported .
beijing is most conveniently seen by taxi , but keep in mind that you contribute to the city s ever present shroud of smog with every trip .
it is mostly women who work here , selecting and classifying the leaves .
in , south korea told companies to trim work hours to , annually from , without paring their payrolls .
i stretched my legs under the seat now and then , trying not to bother the guy in front .
he is in great spirits , he s doing very well , she said . he s speaking with family members .
the foot long nigersaurus had a feather light skull held close to the ground to graze like an ancient cow .
a few months after its launch , membership is just under , , pellegrino said .
the cult members including four children as young as months retreated last month to the hideout in the penza region , about kilometers miles southeast of moscow , threatening to blow themselves up if the authorities tried to intervene .
he died in battle in the th century , and is buried in karbala , about miles southwest of baghdad .
the ap s paul schemm is in cairo
lima , peru cnn the trial of former president alberto fujimori opened here monday with his former intelligence chief , vladimiro montesinos , declaring his boss innocent of the charges he faces .
. it takes more than high gas prices to ruin a vacation .
but in joan s case , the organism made one more unexpected evolutionary leap .
the umbrella in the old citigroup logo isn t protecting these people this morning
at other times , people buy products to get the attention of other people .
melatonin is a naturally occurring hormone in humans that regulates the circadian rhythm , or the natural human clock , that is partly controlled by daylight .
beijing , china cnn china on monday began three days of national mourning as the death toll from last week s devastating earthquake mounted and rescue workers continued to search for survivors among the rubble .
and even after nearly years , we have a long way yet to travel .
ozawa said he was resigning to take responsibility for causing tumult within the party over prime minister yasuo fukuda s power sharing proposal friday .
the interior ministry post was one of the main obstacles to the deal , with each side loathe to see it in the hands of the other .
the assassination attempt monday against president jose ramos horta and the failed attack on prime minister xanana gusmao east timor s the independence icons thrust the desperately poor country into a fresh crisis amid fears of more unrest and political turmoil .
venomous guns n roses album slammed in china
if it persists for a longer period , then we start worrying . but at this time we don t know what s going to happen next month .
despite clinton s assertion that neither she nor obama will have the necessary , delegates after tuesday s showdown , the obama camp expressed confidence that its candidate will clinch the nomination .
lima , peru cnn archaeologists have discovered the ruins of an ancient temple , roadway and irrigation systems at a famed fortress overlooking the inca capital of cuzco , according to officials involved with the dig .
i started by explaining why i took the job .
gone to jail , it has to go through a process .
their plane was taking off with a cross wind , and considering the fact that it looks like it , the entire airport , many parts of the airport are a sheet of ice , so it appears that the airplane slid off while taking off in a crosswind .
i was put on a japanese naval ship . there were military men there and five girls , including myself .
bamboo , the pandas primary source of food , is a major agricultural product in the region , but whether it can be supplied to the pandas despite infrastructure damage is open to question .
in the early s , the country s military junta launched a crackdown on political dissidents and organized crime under its campaign for social purification .
a spokesman for the self declared tibetan exile government said it has confirmed at least deaths in friday s violence and that protests were continuing outside the capital sunday , further undermining china s hopes of a smooth run up to the beijing olympics .
the tragic death is remembered as the eulmiwaebyeon incident .
initial reports indicated it may have been sparked by a short circuit in the blue disco on the building s second floor .
i m just there for her .
that includes monitors to enforce the truce .
however , the residents said the government created site is not as desirable as the site they are being ordered to leave . they say they would like to return once floodwaters recede .
philomena mccann , the sister of madeleine s father , told the british network itn on friday that police tried to get kate to confess to having accidentally killed madeleine by offering her a deal through her lawyer in which she would say she killed madeleine by accident and then disposed of the body .
pakistani information minister tariq azim khan told cnn that there were hostages inside the lal masjid , or red mosque , and the government hoped to get them out safely .
omar said his relationship with his father was limited .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id clashes between lebanese troops and islamic militants have spread to lebanon s largest palestinian refugee camp in the south , underlining the complexities the country faces in trying to defeat al qaeda inspired fighters who are battling a continuing army onslaught in a northern camp .
on the first day , the organizers of gsm brought hollywood in to whet your appetite for the sort of content that could soon be available for phones and other handheld devices .
president george w . bush tuesday described north korea as one of the brutal regimes that oppresses its own people and urged the u . s .
hwang woo suk said that he would resume his controversial cloning research again .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id cnn
filtering and blocking software helped prevent exposure , but was not percent effective , the researchers said .
in electronic arts species simulator spore , the game s developer created downloadable spaceships in the candidates likeness .
this period of reflection will allow commanders and all service members an opportunity to further review procedures and orders that govern the discipline and conduct of all u . s . service members serving in okinawa , the military statement read .
teachers were angry when they heard the ministry would allow students , parents and fellow teachers to grade their performance in the classroom .
wariner , who defends his world title in osaka , japan , this month , told reporters the race was pretty much perfect .
if they have disagreements in the future , they will not have a legal recourse .
the bans came shortly before britain s department for environment , food and rural affairs reported another herd has shown signs of the highly contagious disease and may be infected .
the tech heavy nasdaq composite down . to , . , charts fell a few points after ending last week at a six year high .
a team of international investigators infiltrated an internet chat room used by pedophiles who streamed live videos of children being raped , rescuing children and identifying more than suspects worldwide .
johannesburg , south africa cnn two of the four white students who were seen in a video allegedly mocking black housekeepers and serving them stew seemingly laced with urine have apologized for taking part , their lawyer confirmed to cnn thursday .
bush and al hashimi have met once before in washington , in december .
the marine mammal apparently noticed children doing laps friday morning around a course they had set up at the marin country day school next to the shores of the san francisco bay .
this is an opportunity for the two leaders to meet , assess what progress has been made and see whether we can come together with a framework that can . . . consolidate areas where we re cooperating together , maybe resolve some outstanding issues such as missile defense , and provide a platform for the relationship of the two countries going forward , hadley said .
canada was nearly as lucky .
hughes claimed he couldn t remember the incident , having drunk the best part of a liter two and half gallon box of wine beforehand .
zvonareva became increasingly frustrated and collapsed to the ground when the american broke in the final set to go up .
the internet movie database listed movies and television production credits for heston , starting in .
humberto surprised forecasters early thursday by quickly gaining strength before punching southeastern texas , making landfall just north of galveston , the national hurricane center reported .
in all , authorities confiscated more than , worth of drugs , mosler said .
the gene pool is really protected best by variability along that dimension , cacioppo said .
shin , who began the year thinking she d end up playing in the lpga tour s qualifying school but won the british open , captured the million winner s prize , by far the biggest on tour , after a four birdie , two bogey day at trump international .
why they re good for you
the officials displayed evidence of the armor piercing explosives found in iraq and said they have caused coalition deaths . read time . com s analysis on how much iran is to blame for iraq
he launched his blog in simply welcoming new readers and telling them he d been stricken by a pediatric cancer called alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma , a cancer that strangles the muscle tissues .
the times has not endorsed any presidential candidate since , when it backed president nixon s re election .
leg s good . i got treatment the last several days at the university of miami , rodriguez said .
pc guy is great , he s got a big heart , the chief of apple inc . charts , fortune said wednesday , referring to popular television ads in which a hip young man personifies a macintosh computer and a windows pc is played by an awkward middle aged man .
the sun , a uk tabloid , trumpeted a stretching operation for mrs sarkozy s husband , french president nicolas sarkozy .
the usgs put the magnitude at . .
unite spokesman andrew murray said the finishing touches were worked out at a meeting between unite and steelworkers representatives last week .
other candidates come from thailand , jordan and sri lanka .
kidman s oscar win was a hollywood ending for her after a turbulent couple of years .
the norwegian government paid to build the vault in a mountainside near longyearbyen , in the remote svalbard islands between norway and the north pole .
there is late word from the national association of realtors that home sales fell another last month the typical sales price plunged to , .
four suspects in custody said mehsud also planned the december attack , chaudhry abdul majeed told reporters .
mickelson , the deutsche bank championship winner monday , will have to win to have any hopes of capturing the fedex cup and the million prize .
continued , however , to contribute troops to nato missions and to participate in nato s political bodies .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
washington cnn the bush administration on wednesday called pernicious and troubling a new york times article on the white house s role in the destruction of cia interrogation tapes .
barcelona vice president ferran soriano told radio marca
an erupting volcano sent ash and steam nearly three miles into the air tuesday , while mud and rocks raced down the mountainside and injured at least three people , officials said .
she had a miscarriage in and broke up with husband tom cruise , in whose shadow she had lingered throughout their year relationship .
kim said he couldn t reveal anything about the issue because of promises made to the militants .
it s absolutely beautiful , she said . a little bit of tinkering can have a profound effect .
the local general secretary of the communist party used the event to make a pro china political statement against the dalai lama s government in exile , mcdonell said .
milinavicius , , turned himself in two days after the shootings and confessed to the killings , popham said . as i understand , the employees were not really happy about the pay , and they had questioned him about it over the course of time , popham said . that morning he said he just snapped .
calls to fitzgerald s office sunday were not immediately returned .
the two leaders spoke briefly from a podium set up in the rose garden , which was bright with late day sunlight , then turned without taking questions to the residence portion of the white house for dinner .
historians say that about , women , mostly from korea and china , served in japanese military brothels throughout asia in the s and s .
in naming lim chai jin to succeed chung sang myong , whose two year term in the powerful post ends on november rd , roh dismissed demands from the grand nationals that they be consulted on personnel appointments .
cecilia sarkozy has been increasingly absent from her husband s side since he came to power in may .
the committee handling preparations for the apec discussed the selection of the venue for the biennial summit of asia pacific countries , in a three way competition among seoul , busan and jeju .
the previous intraday high was , . from july .
the attacks also have wounded about people , the sources said .
the airbus a jet was on a training flight when the crash occurred about p . m . p . m . gmt , said the official at the maritime prefecture in toulon , france .
police did not identify the gunman , who brady said was not a member of the church .
the tower will be built in the saudi town of jeddah and will be part of a larger project that will cost . billion , billion saudi riyals said the prince s firm , kingdom holding company .
philippine and muslim rebels to make peace talks in malaysia .
rice said that missile defense continues to be an area that the two countries needed to work through .
charismatic people have a remarkable ability to distill complex ideas into simple messages .
former unification minister chung proposed holding an in depth debate on peace and the economy in a speech accepting his party s nomination on october th .
the soldiers will replace the already extended rd brigade of the th mountain division .
james joseph cialella , , was charged with attempted murder , aggravated assault and weapons violations , a police report said .
i think all eyes are looking south from the united sates to mexico city to see how a country can be free and treat the naked body as art .
we look at this as a learning moment , said peter neufeld , a co founder of the innocence project and one of miller s lawyers . what went wrong ? we have to get the answer for the future or there ll be too many jerry millers .
the dow has been up more than points for most of the first minutes of trading .
i don t disagree with anything tom says , travolta says in the july issue of w magazine , on newsstands friday . how would i have presented it ?
what should we expect from barack obama s first days ?
party leaders offered to resign en masse last night after they won only one of three contested parliamentary seats .
love s first blush fading ?
the disaster epic titanic wins oscars , tying the record for the most academy award wins .
obama s links to the s weather underground bomber bill ayres
that , as they say in the industry , is where the feet are .
it s usually when people venture into a shark s habitat and not the other way around .
the shares are undervalued , but we wouldn t recommend buying , said morningstar analyst john owens .
instead , the bush administration hopes that it can help more than half of the two million homeowners who took out adjustable rate subprime loans with payments due to move sharply higher soon by offering some of them a five year mortgage rate freeze .
the volcano , which is about about miles about , kilometers south of the chilean capital , santiago , began erupting early friday , raining gray ash onto chaiten .
j . p . morgan analyst john ivankoe said in a research note earlier this month he expected starbucks multiple to stay at the high end of the to range , adding that the potential reward outweighs recent risk .
the young mother and her girls were last seen alive monday evening , he said .
alley wentworth is back , playing a therapist to the stars on head case , and one of her patients this season is her old schmoopy , jerry seinfeld
it might explain why some dogs react with new baby envy when their owners have a child , she said .
a missouri sheriff admits he was getting a little pessimistic about finding a year old boy who d been missing since monday .
it . . . keeps us on the edge of the seat until the last frame .
cnn serbia will not give up its claim on breakaway province kosovo or its bid to become a member of the european union , serbian president boris tadic said in an interview published thursday .
for his part , torre says it s a review of his years here , and not a tell all
on their cell phones commuting to work , on their laptops and home computers in the evenings and on weekends .
a water ministry official said at the same conference that dams are in danger of bursting in sichuan province .
bush said the u . s . still had work to do to convince moscow that the missile defence system was not intended as a threat to russia , saying the system was defensive , not offensive and that people should accept that the cold war is over , ap said .
you can think big , but remember , you shouldn t always say everything you think if you re running for president , because it has consequences around the world , sen . hillary clinton said during a minute democratic presidential forum in chicago sponsored by the afl cio .
three other people died , including a lawmaker .
george is astounded at the decision and is having his lawyers here in the states look at it in the hope that someone will change their mind , the statement read .
disney is a great choice for families that want excellent supervised children s programs as well as activities they can enjoy together .
aig , the government gave the struggling insurance giant second financial help this morning .
we re thrilled by the large array of enthusiastic responses to project . that number has exceeded our expectations , said bethany poole , a product marketing manager at google .
segar meghani with the president elect , chicago .
new york city produces almost percent of the nation s greenhouse gas emissions an amount that puts it on par with ireland or portugal according to a city study .
he s got years working with tinseltown s finest under his belt , and his film credits include into the wild and fight club .
but the reverse is not true .
don brown wasn t looking for a new job , but after working through a recent november weekend , he became co founder of a new web site .
rochester , new hampshire cnn police took into custody a man they say walked into sen . hillary clinton s campaign office in rochester , new hampshire , and took several people hostage friday .
at that point i wasn t smart enough as an actor to let the movie be
new york cnn having a big belly in your s can boost your risk of getting alzheimer s disease or other dementia decades later , a new study suggests .
waheedullah mujadidi , who heads the delegation , complained that the taliban were not being consistent during the negotiations .
the ioc evaluation commission is to inspect sports facilities and attend a variety of presentations by the pyeongchang bid committee for three days .
the most prolific and deadly zoonotic is hiv , the virus that causes aids .
a . m . tuesday et , according to the colombian institute of geology and mining .
toyota motor corp . rose . percent , canon inc . jumped . percent and sony corp . advanced . percent .
the won recovered to , . won against the dollar , an increase of . won .
the area is near a military zone and army rescuers pulled out at least bodies from the debris , city official shahidul islam said .
iraq s parliament called a special session for friday to address the crisis caused by three days of fighting between government troops and shiite fighters . meanwhile , shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for an end to attacks on his followers .
last week , general motors announced it was idling of its north american manufacturing capacity during the first quarter of in response to deteriorating market conditions .
north korea has formally told the un it no longer needs food aid , despite reports of malnutrition in the country .
meunier lebouc tapped in to win , got hugs all around and then was carried into the pond by her husband , antoine , as her caddie joined her in a wet celebration .
host china , however , said the date has not yet been fixed and that the members are still consulting .
but prince said that despite the cuts to business as usual expenses , citi s overall expenditures could still rise due to acquisitions and new projects .
dignitaries from around the world are attending the service in st mary s church , which is being televised via satellite links around the world .
during a speech at the miami children s hospital in miami , florida , mccain said he was ready to take on the parochial interests in health care and challenged doctors , hospitals , drug manufactures and insurance providers to do a better job of holding down costs .
four others were arrested in separate cases last month for allegedly passing secret details about the space shuttle and other us aerospace programs to china . a us defence department analyst has admitted giving classified information about military communication systems to a businessman working for communist china .
the coordinated attack on february also targeted the country s prime minister xanana gusmao the same day . he escaped unhurt .
the transport ministry ordered emergency inspections for all bombardier dhc s in use in japan , citing possible defects with the model s landing gear , according to ministry official yasuo ishii .
colors appear softer .
al maliki has urged american intelligence officials to share their information with iraqi lawmakers , who could strip jamal jafaar mohammed of his parliamentary immunity .
but a fellow refugee told the unhcr he had no choice but to take a bus back to baghdad .
i fear his comments could lead to misunderstanding , machimura told reporters . it would be unfortunate if it was thought that japan s justice minister had contacts with terrorists .
the newspapers said there was no evidence to back up a series of articles they printed alleging the parents had a role in their daughter s disappearance or death . kate and gerry are completely innocent of any involvement in their daughter s disappearance , the newspapers wrote .
militants will continue to target westerners on the streets of indonesia as they fight to impose full islamic law , an accused terror leader told cnn .
jackson grew in confidence in the second set , approaching the net more often and saving three break points at down but in the end the year old was no match for the champion .
taliban spokesman zabiullah mojahed issued a statement , claiming responsibility .
china has accused the exiled nobel peace prize laureate of instigating tibetans to seek independence from china , but the dalai lama says his exiled government in india might accept full autonomy in a compromise .
those companies earned billion last year .
she said she came out then only because con artists were starting to host book signings claiming to be her .
not including the solheim cup .
he said any progress in inter korean relations should not be interpreted politically ahead of this year s presidential election slated for dec .
the damaged mosque is considered one of the holiest shrines for many sunni muslims and houses the tomb of abdul qader al jelani , a th century sufi saint .
according to the customs officials , tulba claimed the snakes are wanted by saudis who display them in glass jars in shops , keep them as pets .
the actor comedian , who was among the early cast members on nbc s saturday night live and was nominated for an oscar for s lost in translation , said he was in stockholm last month to play in a pro am golf tournament , and hitched a ride to a post event party in a golf cart .
i think the deal here is that north korea has made certain commitments not only to us , but to all of its neighbors .
norm ornstein of the american enterprise institute and mike tanner of the cato institute on president obama s shot in the arm plan
he puts in a putty that actually prompts the body to grow new bone exactly where the doctor wants it .
she has been compared to u . s . sen . hillary rodham clinton , who like her is a lawyer and senator who soldiered alongside a husband as he rose from small state governor to his nation s presidency .
glover , who wasn t in court , was convicted thursday along with unite here union representative alex dagg and ontario federation of labour president wayne samuelson .
at first we thought this was our problem . . . but after investigations , we are certain it is related to china s great firewall , ford said , referring to the elaborate system of filters china maintains to intercept and block sensitive content from entering its sprawling internet .
it s kind of like wow .
taylor s letter threw into confusion monday s start of the landmark first international tribunal of a former african leader .
these are very difficult moments , but i have done all that i could to be ready for the final , nadal said . it was a huge objective , and i m used to playing with pain , but this is a distinct , new pain that i couldn t control .
humberto coelho , korea s national soccer coach , will speak about his future today at a news conference at the headquarters of the korea football association .
besides the impasse with north korea s nuclear weapons program , high on the agenda for the april summit are seoul s redeployment of troops to afghanistan , an increase in host nation financial contribution for the presence of u . s . troops , opening up to u . s . beef imports and participation in the u . s . led global ballistic missile defense network .
at the weekend box office
my mother always said democracy is the best revenge .
several policemen were also injured in the clash in the western sichuan province , xinhua news agency reported .
bench coach don mattingly is the leading contender to replace torre , who led the yanks to straight playoff appearances and won four world series championships .
rudd said he would overturn a number of his predecessor s policies , including signing the kyoto protocol and pulling troops out of iraq .
the un s top humanitarian official , jan egeland , said the money was needed to help feed and shelter about , civilians caught up in the conflict .
the demand for wheat is the result of several trends , chiefly an increasing demand for biofuels , which can be made from wheat , and improved diets in emerging countries where putting more meat on the table is raising the demand for feed for livestock , said francesco bertolini , an economist at milan s bocconi university .
the vast majority of france s million workers do not .
although the daily show spends time on topics related to iraq and often has one of its correspondents appear against a green screen that simulates the middle eastern country , it s the first time the show has gone the extra step and visited iraq .
speaking at a press conference in camden , us attorney christopher j christie thanked the video store clerk who had alerted police after seeing the suspicious footage in late .
that plutonium can be used to make bombs .
he added that our security forces are trying to secure the safe return of the german national who is still alive in the custody .
superdelegates will be closely monitoring clinton s financial situation to assess her continued viability .
while there is no cure for alzheimer s , early detection can improve the quality of life for people affected .
i will fight every moment of every day in this campaign to make sure americans are not deceived by an eloquent but empty call for change , mccain told supporters tuesday night .
flood warnings and flood advisories all over the northern part of the state , but because the storm system was moving across the state we ve also had tornado watches , and hail sightings and funnel cloud sightings in the southern part of the state .
in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l . ron hubbard , cited on the church s web site as the founder of the only major religion founded in the th century .
he said the sunshine policy of president kim dae jung has elicited almost nothing in return from north korea .
. women don t recognize gender bias
seoul said the agreement was reached on condition its troops were withdrawn as scheduled by the year s end .
asked whether castro s resignation would change u . s . policy , negroponte said , i can t imagine that happening any time soon .
some public organizations come under the ministry of culture , sports and tourism , including the korea culture and content agency and the korean film council .
suzuki will continue to support the customers who are participating in the jwrc with swift super machines , and local motor sport such as swift cup in europe and the rest of the world .
copenhagen , denmark a danish football fan appeared in court on sunday after attacking referee herbert fandel in the dying moments of denmark s euro qualifying match against scandinavian rivals sweden .
the shooting occurred on the corner of flinders lane and william streets in central melbourne around a . m . monday gmt sunday , sending hundreds of frightened commuters fleeing .
steven gerrard fired a hat trick as liverpool thrashed crisis club luton at anfield to book their place in the fourth round of the fa cup .
the two aides white house chief of staff joshua bolten and and former legal counsel harriet miers failed to comply with subpoenas to testify to congress over the dismissals .
in one clip , a voice said to be harry s calls a soldier a paki .
armed men in several cars stopped the bus sunday afternoon as it was carrying workers from the mosul textile factory to their hometown of bashika , which has a mixed population of christians and yazidis
israel has seemed likely to free up millions in tax revenue it collects on behalf of the palestinians , assuming it could ensure that the money flowed only to abbas operation in the west bank .
the group forecast a percent increase globally each year , with emerging economies such as china , russia and india being hit the hardest .
language itself is also an issue , because spanish is not the dominant language everywhere in spain .
british prime minister tony blair plans to push through a new anti terrorism law before he steps down next month giving wartime powers to police to stop and question people , a newspaper reported on sunday .
roger clemens said wednesday he received only vitamin shots from brian mcnamee , but the ex trainer insisted before a house panel that every injection contained steroids or other performance enhancers .
here s washington correspondent diane kepley
we are trying to persuade them to help . somebody lost their mother or daughter or sister tuesday morning .
jon hamm has a confession to make
furthermore , rising food product prices are adding pressure on household economies .
the joong ang ilbo reports the high court in busan gave the go ahead yesterday for a tunnel to be built for korea s bullet train , turning down an appeal from environmentalists who said the project would destroy the habitat of rare amphibians .
the protest took place late friday on a street near u . n . headquarters and in front of the japan society , watched by handful of the city s police officers .
british lawmaker lorely burt , who represents solihull , home to land rover s assembly plant , said legislators were told monday night that ford was looking at all the options which may or may not include a sale .
at the time of its discovery in , vitamins a , b , and c were already identified
amid widespread passenger discontent with the strikes , several groups of workers from the sncf and paris public transit authority , ratp , voted wednesday to return to work .
my saintly body will protect you until you are able to protect yourself .
if convicted , styles could get multiple life terms in prison .
evidence of a resurgent taliban is everywhere , along with the influence of al qaeda style attacks , according to cnn terrorism analyst peter bergen .
manila police chief danilo abarzosa said ducat would be charged with illegal detention and abduction , illegal possession of explosives and illegal possession of firearms , the associated press reported .
the bill now heads to gov . timothy m . kaine , who said he supports the legislation .
giuliani , who has finished in the single digits in every contest so far , largely skipped the early voting states to focus on florida and the super tuesday states voting on february .
in exchange , farc then would release the hostages it holds deep in colombia s jungles , he said .
world war ii , territorial issues and any descriptions of japan will also be studied .
once endeavour was safely past the second mark of the flight , the moment when challenger exploded shortly after the call go at throttle up , mission control exclaimed , morgan racing toward space on the wings of a legacy .
president roh moo hyun is expected to propose the creation of a special economic zone for inter korean cooperation in north korea during his meeting with kim jong il , a senior presidential secretary said thursday .
the russian government has denied estonia s accusations .
a second civilian has died in the wildfires , the u . s . forest service said tuesday afternoon . it provided no details .
yet this enduring icon of british culture is under threat after having flourished for hundreds of years .
the kingdom of koguryo reigned from b . c . to a . d .
after meeting gul at the presidential palace , erdogan named ali babacan as gul s successor as foreign minister .
the democratic national committee s rules and bylaws committee meets saturday in washington to consider what to do with florida and michigan , which broke ranks to hold primaries earlier than party rules allowed .
caruso told italian state tv that in the last two months , investigators closely watched the house in the village of giardinello because it was there that lo piccolo would huddle with fellow mobsters .
queen elizabeth ii will use youtube to send out her th televised annual christmas message , a british sunday newspaper reported .
publicist allen eichhorn did not say how much the couple lost , declining to address reports that the figure was in the millions .
many leading congressional republicans have suggested that a better option is bankruptcy , enabling the big three to restructure and ultimately emerge as leaner and viable businesses .
. i m going to need to take these days off .
parents are waiting at schools destroyed by the devastating chinese earthquake hoping their children will be pulled from the debris but hope is fading .
parker has said the cake will be made in france , but has refused to say much more , telling reporters that organizing a wedding is a girls thing .
harlem is the historic capital of black american culture , but like many new york neighborhoods , it is rapidly changing .
pope benedict xvi reiterated the roman catholic church s opposition to homosexual behavior and warned that humanity could destroy itself .
dozens of trucks and taxis in paris drove slowly toward and around the headquarters of oil giant total in la defense , site of the main financial district , to protest a new tax on heavily polluting vehicles .
they re out a lot of money , but more importantly , incredibly disenchanted with the system , manning said . this has destroyed their lives .
it s fantastic news , said top bollywood producer ravi chopra .
her case set off a flurry of international diplomacy , ending with her pardon monday by sudanese president omar al bashir .
the neighbors pitched in and they helped us for awhile .
the last major eruption in killed two hikers .
on the international zone , also known as the green zone , killed two soldiers and wounded others about p . m . , a military official said .
india has routinely blamed pakistani and bangladeshi based islamic militants for a series of attacks that have rocked the country over the last two years , saying they were meant to provoke violence between india s hindu majority and muslim minority .
it followed an emergency meeting in singapore of the countries that make up the association of southeast asian nations asean .
they survived the hurricane s deluge by grasping floating objects until help arrived , and bodies that could not be recovered were seen floating in the water , she said .
stripping the land of old growth forest leaves bare hillsides exposed to heavy rainfall .
a u . s . navy official said the iranian video appears to be truthful showing three ships making a transit of the strait of hormuz .
the daughter of a dance school operator , mori said her grandmother told her as a child that she wanted her to be miss japan before she turned .
they promise transformation .
he says the plan covers several key areas
a dynamite wielding armed group kidnapped nine south korean workers in nigeria , along with a nigerian worker at a gas production site in the country .
it started way back in i know who the people were who brought osama bin laden back to pakistan after the end of the soviet occupation of afghanistan .
also on sunday , an explosive device detonated underneath a car near the green zone in central baghdad , wounding one civilian , the official said .
we have found a formulation which is probably good enough to address north korea s past behavior , one official said .
the leds were donated by philips solid state lighting solutions , which planned to announce the old north installation monday .
erosion tears away the ahus , ceremonial platforms of dirt and stone on which they sit , and even is slowly claiming the island s porous edges .
toronto , canada cnn a first year ryerson university student is being accused of cheating after helping to run an online study group on facebook .
iran has denied those assertions .
a red cross official said victims and survivors from other fishing boats that capsized in the area have been found as well .
petersburg ap naval and army cadets marched in tight formation on may across the cobblestones of palace square , the epicenter of st .
the tape also described the situation in iraq and sudan s troubled darfur region as further evidence that a zionist crusader war was being waged .
the original roman streets are uneven .
it said snipers had fired at some in the crowd as they left .
animal control officials in staten island say the bird was beaten so fiercely that most of its tail feathers fell out and it had to be euthanized .
christina aguilera made an appearance at nightclub lax , pharrell williams held a dinner soiree at the venetian and maroon and robin thicke performed at the house of blues .
if further work can get that down to maybe five to eggs per stem cell batch , we will be closer to clinical applications , mitalipov said .
it s getting worse all the time , said james brandenburg , , who spent several minutes praying outside the house . if we want to , we can put a stop to this .
yonhap news agency quoted an unnamed unification ministry official as saying that seoul proposed december th as the date to start the railway service through the demilitarized zone , but that north korea s response was not yet known .
military in cabo , says the attacks hurt ordinary working people in pakistan
the nd infantry , the main flag of the , u . s .
the body of one of the germans has been found with gunshots and the taliban still hold the other along with four afghans .
it certainly is reasonable for us to assume that cho was the shooter in both places , but we don t have the evidence to take us there at this particular point in time , flaherty said .
but some businesses have gone into recycling .
san francisco police said the gathering proceeded harmoniously , with no major incidents reported .
night from germany after meetings with chancellor angela merkel .
megumi yokota is one of japanese the north kidnapped to train its spies .
a new opinion poll indicates that centre right candidate nicolas sarkozy is still leading with , ahead of the socialist segolene royal at .
prince bandar , a close friend of u . s . president george w . bush , was described as the chief negotiator in the deal .
mass graves were dug up and the bodies moved sometimes again and again , to hide evidence as the serbs retreated amid the nato bombing that followed srebrenica and led to the end of the war .
mark osler , a baylor university law school professor and a former federal prosecutor , said the grand jurors evidently put themselves in the husband s place
democratic party chairman howard dean told cnn i dare say this is not going to be over certainly tonight , and maybe not for a month from now .
korea s transportation ministry said yesterday it will give local airlines more flexibility when deciding how much extra to charge passengers when the price of oil goes up .
i grew up in the military so when you went someplace you felt special .
wayne rooney scored two second half goals as england maintained their perfect start to world cup qualifying with a win over belarus in minsk on wednesday night .
he realized medical students had often performed autopsies just prior , which contaminated their hands with microbes .
an autopsy was conducted monday in the bahamas on the body of the couple s son , jett travolta .
fast rising serb jelena jankovic is seeded third , one place ahead of defending champion amelie mauresmo of france .
the landing opportunities for the day have been waved off .
ford reports a th quarter loss of . billion , and says its credit arm is cutting jobs .
some researchers believe that neanderthals were simply replaced by early modern humans , while others argue the two groups may have interbred .
investors also are cheering a surprise increase in construction spending , after straight months of declines .
important is not whom we meet but that we progress , elbaradei told reporters less than an hour before setting out for beijing en route to pyongyang for a two day visit starting tuesday .
pop culture references and annual , over hyped reports of attacks on swimmers or surfers have put sharks on the top of the list of the world s most feared living things .
german police announced sunday they stopped two teenagers from carrying out a rampage at their cologne high school and that one of the students committed suicide after being confronted .
she will not be allowed any work release , furloughs , use of an alternative jail or electronic monitoring in lieu of jail , superior court judge michael t . sauer ruled after a hearing .
because of the recession , the league says it s trimming more than percent of its headquarter staff .
north korea walked out of the last round of talks in november last year in protest at us restrictions imposed on a macau based bank linked to alleged money laundering by pyongyang .
a study at osaka university found that tama fever was responsible for pumping million into the local economy .
taggen is a paleosuchus trigonatus , also known as a schneider s dwarf caiman .
a youthful gunners side took the lead in the th minute through eduardo da silva , but sevilla hit back to claim a deserved win and join arsenal in the last .
according to a probable cause affidavit , he said the movement caused the suv to become tippy and he lost control of it .
one year later , all three groups were doing similarly well , marcus and her colleagues found .
but before that can happen , schools must make computers a priority , though in times of cutbacks .
alfway to a deadline for taking the first steps to denuclearization , pyongyang s nuclear reactor is still operating , according to south korea s foreign minister .
the new york based rights group human rights watch has called for officials including vice president karim khalili and army chief of staff abdul rashid dostum to face trial before a special court for alleged war crimes .
japan dispatched its whaling fleet last month to the southern pacific in the first major hunt of humpbacks since the s .
the ap s juan mccartney reports that the teenager had a history of seizures .
relations between moscow and washington have soured in the past year .
a military helicopter on a united nations peacekeeping mission in nepal crashed on monday in the eastern district of sindhuli , killing all passengers aboard , including lt .
paris , france cnn the french trader accused of massive fraud at banking giant societe generale has been released from prison following a court order in paris earlier tuesday .
the device was found in the week that a new prime minister , gordon brown , took office in britain .
saakashvili , the hero of georgia s rose revolution in , was elected in a landslide four years ago .
but no virus or bacterium has ever been associated with the diseases .
the unesco list is famous for including historic and cultural sites but in recent years the un body has opened its register to include intangible heritage , such as endangered languages or vanishing traditions .
u . s . troop redeployment effects tongduchon residents .
the quality of japanese scientists is very good , but it s hard for them to move and change .
san francisco police combed the city s zoo on wednesday for clues as to how a tiger escaped from its enclosure on christmas and killed a teenager and wounded two others .
the british retro soul singer was to perform at the september event in las vegas , but her u . s . record label , universal republic records , said wednesday that all u . s . appearances have been canceled in a continued effort to support amy winehouse s well being .
we re so open with everything and our emotions nowadays , but people at that time , they just didn t talk about it .
it is part of a wider missile shield involving defenses in california and alaska that the united states says are to defend against any long range missile attack from countries such as north korea or iran .
the hunt continues for suspect cpl . cesar armando laurean , whom lance cpl . maria lauterbach had accused of raping her .
in , a jordanian military court convicted al abssi and abu musab al zarqawi in absentia for the murder of laurence foley , a u . s . diplomat who was gunned down in front of his amman home .
the rebels have fought since to create an independent homeland for sri lanka s ethnic minority tamils , who have suffered decades of discrimination by majority sinhalese controlled governments . in other violence , insurgents attacked soldiers in the northern vavuniya district friday , but troops fought back and killed two guerrillas , the defense ministry said .
they are a leading member of the organization of petroleum exporting countries , the global oil cartel , and the third largest source of u . s . imports .
australia is also home to u . s . stations crucial to washington s satellite intelligence network for asia and the middle east .
north korea did not give a date for its test , which was announced on state tv , but said it would boost security in the face of us military hostility .
the pair were taken from the event in restraints after revealing t shirts with bush s name crossed out on the front and the words love america , hate bush on the back .
in london , the ftse closed down . percent , or . points , while paris cac closed down . percent and frankfurt s dax down . percent .
the runner up was manchester united s portuguese winger cristiano ronaldo with barcelona s argentinian midfielder lionel messi finishing third .
pyongyang test fired at least one short range missile at the end of may off its east coast as part of what appeared to be a military exercise .
without a change to the constitution , he said , the situation would be a disaster for iraq .
today , i decided to step down as chairman of the group , the grim faced lee said in a nationally televised press conference at the samsung head office in seoul .
the coins bear a likeness of heraclius , who was the byzantine emperor from to .
i know that it also must have been very hard for colleen shipman , and i would like her to know how very sorry i am about having frightened her in any way .
japan and other countries , including the united states , have strongly protested beijing s anti satellite test .
the talks have been stalled for a year .
finally , we hope that this video will put to rest the conspiracy theories involving american airlines flight , president tom fitton said .
but he conceded some of them may be missing .
if you haven t already heard , montenegro is the latest hotspot in the former yugoslavia .
the morrisons , of the minneapolis suburb of st . louis park , spent more than a year trying to conceive before agreeing to fertility drugs , according to the couple s personal web site .
pornographic internet content came under fire from the government yesterday with the unveiling of a plan to block more foreign sex oriented web sites and increase penalties on those who post obscene material to local portals .
fossett did not file a flight plan , which is not required on flights using visual navigation .
tom allen of maine , dolly strazar of hawaii , sen . daniel akaka of hawaii and keith roark of idaho all endorsed obama monday , giving him a lead of four superdelegates for the time being .
the lobster , which peta said was years old and weighed pounds , had been confined to a tank at city crab and seafood restaurant in manhattan when two customers alerted the animal group .
however , she said , greater emphasis in recent years on ensuring adopted siblings stay in touch meant this traumatic case will remain incredibly rare .
the singer then went inside and retrieved the toddler , using one arm to hold the boy out over the iron rail of the hotel .
the photos are coming to light just as miley s career is exploding .
the unusual combination of factors found in the kosovo situation including the context of yugoslavia s breakup , the history of ethnic cleansing and crimes against civilians in kosovo , and the extended period of u . n . administration are not found elsewhere and therefore make kosovo a special case .
at p . m . et sunday , the storm had top winds of mph km h and was located about miles km south southeast of the haitian capital port au prince , moving north northwest at nearly mph .
the foreign ministers of south korea , china and japan will meet for exclusive talks during the asia europe meeting in kyoto next month , or during the asean ministerial talks the same month , according to park joon woo , director general of the asia pacific affairs bureau at korea s foreign ministry .
giovanni went to the department s then chairwoman , lucinda roy , and told her , i was willing to resign before i was going to continue with him .
wie has been playing lpga tour events since she was in the seventh grade , drawing the biggest galleries because of her youth and power , but earning little respect from players because of her preferential treatment .
he also called on several groups countries bordering iraq , customs officials , police and art dealers to do all they could to block the trading of stolen antiquities .
the first lady generated some buzz last night by wearing another sleek , sleeveless dress to the speech , one that showed michelle obama s well toned upper arms .
the inky black , angular , radar evading f , which spent years in the air force arsenal secretly patrolling hostile skies from serbia to iraq , will be put in mothballs next month in nevada .
it also reflects an independence that has been the hallmark of arlen specter s career since the days he arrived in washington .
but a cnn crew witnessed plumes of smoke rising over the kibari slum , a stronghold of support for the opposition and the scene of pitched battles between rioters and police on saturday .
when a clerk lifted a bottle by its neck , the cap came loose .
thousands of tropical trees had been ripped up and thrown down , some into roadways .
the only way to avoid a collapse of the u . s . auto industry is for the executive branch to step in .
he had faced widespread calls for his resignation after being accused of a conflict of interest over a pay raise given to ex bank employee shaha riza .
he s been getting better every time i see him , salina mailer said .
new york cnn a three year initiative will seek to give hiv tests to everyone in the bronx from age to , the new york city department of health announced thursday .
as the night wears on , there are fewer tourists clicking photos and more locals singing along .
but his decision not to attend the opening ceremony is not an act of protest , a spokeswoman for his office said , speaking anonymously in line with government policy .
russia , an olympic power which has won winter games medals , has never hosted the winter games .
a million call by google inc . for beneficial , world changing ideas has generated more than , online submissions .
she had also said her daughter was being fed only bread and water , and that the gunmen threatened to kill the girl if the parents did not meet their demands including one that the father take his daughter s place .
one of them ends up in a pagoda and ultimately dead , while another falls into a doomed love affair with a leading local pop singer .
conceivably , as the volume increases and the manufacturing system at the spartanburg , south carolina plant improves , costs may come down enough to cut prices of their cars , gardner said .
the year old was at home in modena being cared for by doctors from the local hospital , where he underwent two weeks of tests and treatment in august , the news agency said , without citing any sources .
more than , competitors crossed rivers , walked , rode , drove and bicycled over paved and unpaved roads and dirt paths .
oqo is negotiating with electronics companies who could manufacture and market the device .
north korea and cuba are the only countries subject to those sanctions under that act , which bans all bilateral trade with the united states .
police also said they discovered a worldwide roster of people waiting for transplants .
some have been arrested on charges of willfully tampering with their bodies to avoid military duty a crime punishable by up to three years in prison .
paris hilton is emotionally distraught and traumatized over her day jail sentence and is not capable of testifying in a civil lawsuit against her , the socialite reality tv star s psychiatrist said .
pitt said his make it right project won t stop with rebuilding the lower th ward .
bangkok , thailand cnn thailand s prime minister has warned he may send in police and soldiers to disperse several hundred people who have been staging an around the clock protest in bangkok for the past six days .
before that , a series of attacks hit security forces and employees of pakistan s inter services intelligence agency , including two suicide bombings against a bus of isi employees and an army checkpoint on november that killed up to people .
sources close to both senate majority leader harry reid and house speaker nancy pelosi say neither individuals have endorsement plans .
iran announced on april that it had begun enriching in the natanz complex , ramping up from a limited research operation above ground .
believe me , he did not care .
the mile loop , which includes several smaller trails , takes you to the top of tantalus , an area with an elevation of , feet .
we re not aware of anything .
the cruise company has attributed the sinking to human error , without naming a culprit .
the swedish wrestler who dropped his medal in protest at the beijing olympics has been banned for two years along with his coach for scandalous behavior , the sport s governing body said on thursday .
taiwan lodged its objection citing fears of bias and the step forced a meeting on the matter to be adjourned .
the u . s . , which spent months investigating the bank , said it will share its findings this week with the macau government , a move that would pave the way for overseas authorities to release any north korean money that had been frozen .
president roh moo hyun s most trusted point man on north korea announced his resignation yesterday , adding significance to a scheduled overhaul of the nation s foreign policy and security team early next month .
before that , a return to pennsylvania , where he campaigned yesterday , and a late night rally in crucial florida .
when both of her kidneys began failing , she was placed on a kidney transplant waiting list .
london , england cnn exactly a decade to the day since diana , princess of wales , was killed in a car crash in paris , her youngest son prince harry said friday he wants his mother to be remembered for the way she made us and so many other people happy .
it s likely that these miners may not be found , rob moore , vice president of mine operator murray energy , told reporters earlier sunday .
kim was once one of park s strongest supporters .
i shouldn t eat avocados because they re high in fat .
my own country , the united states , is principally responsible for obstructing progress here in bali . we all know that , he said . but my country is not the only that can take steps to ensure that we move forward in bali with progress and with hope .
love and unity not hate , one read .
the statue , standing feet inches , faces another of former prime minister winston churchill in the member s lobby of the palace of westminster , the ornate parliamentary building on the bank of the river thames .
new south wales state premier morris lemma said the damage in newcastle , one of australia s major coal export ports , was worse than after a earthquake hit the city .
i think that the rape of small child , or years old , is a heinous crime , the illinois senator said .
iranian students occupied the embassy from november until january , when they released the remaining hostages .
the head of the un s nuclear agency says he has been invited to north korea for talks on its nuclear program .
he ordered that may thirtieth , , be named decoration day to honor soldiers who had died in the civil war .
as punishment , the united states and its allies suspended oil shipments to north korea in december .
an islamic militant group has denied it beheaded a u . s . marine who has been missing in iraq .
the indian navy has taken some of the fight to somali pirates .
it was a serious accident , but everything was under control , fiamoncini said . but about minutes later , all of a sudden , for no reason another truck arrived and ran everybody over , firefighters , police , people who stopped at the scene , fiamoncini said .
and then it came to a massive man on man onslaught , loenne said . the items unearthed so far include an axe , still sharp after nearly , years and dozens of arrowheads , a cross between a catapult and a crossbow
alexeyev was attempting to deliver a petition signed by more than meps urging luzhkov to allow such events .
last year , percent of american internet users said they had purchased something online .
the series first made the leap to the big screen with s the x files
meanwhile , the name of the u . s . government official killed in the attacks thursday has not been released , an embassy spokesman said .
now we have many different alternatives to choose from
in this focus report , neil lavan assesses the necessity to balance the individual s right to privacy with society s need to combat crime in the information age .
the practice has been condemned around the world by governments and human rights groups .
since last month , year old erich priebke has been allowed to leave the rome apartment where he is serving a life sentence to work at his lawyer s studio in the italian capital , lawyer , paolo giachini , said wednesday .
yet only in the past decade or so has the resolution of images from commercial satellites sharpened enough to be of much use to archaeologists .
on iraq radio , a spokesman said that the first attack of the war had targeted saddam s family home , as well as the homes of his two sons .
about , homes and businesses are still without power .
that s not true today .
i just have an opinion on things , and there is nothing wrong with stating your opinion if you are asked , he continues . everyone wants that right , and because you are famous doesn t mean you have less of a right .
the storm flooded people out of their homes in the middle of the night in west virginia and trapped others .
baquba is in diyala province about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
in an attempt to jump start the stalled talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program , and perhaps lay the groundwork for another inter korean summit , seoul intends to send a special envoy to the north before the end of the year , high ranking administration officials told the joong ang ilbo yesterday .
key decisions about overseas plant construction involving both hyundai motor and its affiliate kia motors corp . were delayed while he was away .
earlier this week , yahoo ! announced plans to lay off , employees by mid february , citing what ceo jerry yang described as headwinds facing the company .
kuo pleaded guilty may and faces a maximum life sentence at his august sentencing .
president bush said tuesday he is considering all options in aiding the u . s . auto industry because doing nothing could lead to further economic decline .
it s a prospect karen mckeever , whose mother has alzheimer s disease , dreads .
a large fuel depot for tanker trucks was the backdrop for declarations by bush and lula that increasing alternative fuel use will lead to more jobs , a cleaner environment and greater independence from the whims of the oil market .
strong exports are also expected to boost the trade surplus to billion this year , up billion over last year .
it s not problems with concentration , she said .
as klein continued to slim down , they made a bet
the couple also will appear in a one hour u . s . network special , victoria beckham
the government says they climbed by tenths of a percent .
hurricane rita is to strengthen .
we will be paying attention to the upcoming elections in russia and urge them to conduct those elections in a manner that is free , fair and democractic , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said monday .
dainty almond butter , goat cheese , and apple tramezzini .
the atm and its cash were recovered .
the wowowee show is popular for giving big cash prizes in a country where of people live on less than a day .
the world trade organization ruling is a victory for brazil s cotton industry and for west african states which say the payments harmed their producers .
uri s bill called for reducing post retirement payments to percent from the current percent by , and raising subscriber contributions of percent of earnings to . percent by .
right now , it can take as long as days to identify the most common of food contaminants , so the food and drug administration is sounding the alarm for a faster test .
according to the unveiled plan , high school students will be asked to take an english ability test from and submit their scores for college admissions .
in an interview with cnn , abhisit pledged to revive thailand s sagging economy and reconcile with the opposition after a tumultuous period in the country s politics .
kia motors , a hyundai motor subsidiary , also filed a complaint with the police against its union chief and other leaders for a walkout there
in naming lim chai jin to succeed chung sang myong , whose two year term in the powerful post ends on november rd , roh dismissed demands from the grand nationals that they be consulted on personnel appointments .
the body of an month old girl reported missing after her soldier father returned from a deployment in iraq was found in the attic of her home , authorities said .
colleagues found alessandro benedetti , , mortally wounded in the barracks bathroom monday morning . he later died at a nearby hospital .
that made overall wholesale prices rise more than expected in april .
applegate , known for her role as ditzy daughter kelly bundy on tv s married . . . with children , and actor schaech married in october .
i was studying for an exam on the pancreas , and i became convinced i had a rare type of pancreatic tumor .
on thursday , afghan and nato forces launched an operation in neighboring helmand province s sangin district , a defense ministry statement said .
beijing , china cnn china hit back on monday after mattel s massive toy recall , saying designers and importers should also take responsibility for product safety , but promised to punish its own manufacturers who flout standards .
the church responded with a page statement , calling the book a bigoted , defamatory assault replete with lies and saying cruise is a scientology parishioner and holds no official or unofficial position in the church hierarchy .
the antioch chalice has been a subject of speculation since it was discovered in syria in .
he said , i called it fragile since north korea is unpredictable and they have given us splitting headaches , according to a ranking ministry official who asked not to be named .
a white house statement said north korea may have assisted syria s nuclear activities .
on the whitewater matter that dogged much of their time in the white house , the former first lady acknowledges only public relations mistakes in how we handled the growing controversy .
inflation was . percent in february , running far above the european central bank s guideline of just under percent as worries over banks reluctance to lend has held it back from the usual move of cooling inflation by hiking borrowing costs .
sony said it has yet to decide on commercial products using the technology .
they are protesting a percent export tax on products such as soybeans and sunflowers .
two car bombs exploded close to each other monday near a fuel station in southwest baghdad , killing nine people and wounding others , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
under these abnormal circumstances we cannot guarantee the ship s normal operations and the safety of the passengers , nam sung u , deputy chairman of the pro pyongyang general association of korean residents in japan , told reporters .
recently sold million copies of snow white alone , at a price of between and per tape .
iraq s interior ministry and local police reported protests by shiite demonstrators in about a dozen cities .
however , along with other developing countries , the nation could not fund all its priority areas simultaneously and consequently its environment has suffered in the process of development .
the group has never previously called a permanent stop to the violence .
both sides also agreed to form steering committees which will begin meeting december .
a majority of debate watchers polled thought obama was more intelligent , by a percent to percent margin over mccain .
tendai biti , secretary general for the opposition movement for democratic change , said his party s offices in another harare hotel were also raided by zimbabwean forces .
such collapses in turkey are sometimes associated with earthquakes , a constant worry for residents of this sprawling city of more than million .
trains are widely used to commute to downtown rio from the city s poor northern outskirts .
south korean president roh moo hyun said on saturday that contrary to some people s predictions , north korea is not likely to fall suddenly .
ronald m . levy and srinadh komanduri , gastroenterologists at rush university medical center in chicago , illinois .
peterson came up with idea for the signature mcdonald s breakfast item in .
the ministry said yesterday its new regulations would make smoking in any such building with a floor area of more than , square meters , square feet illegal .
bhutto said that while she had tried to work with musharraf on a roadmap to democracy , the arrests of thousands of people on monday had convinced her that he must go .
kaesong was once korea s capital and commercial hub .
fairleigh dickinson university , the largest private university in new jersey , will offer a three year liberal arts associate degree with classes taught in the two languages , according to the star ledger on sunday .
khawaja mohammad siddiqi , the district governor of qara bagh , told cnn the executed hostage had been very ill and could not be moved to hospital .
he stressed that the purpose of the panel was not to second guess anyone or any decision but to make virginia safer .
before entering the office building , he said , i m sorry to the people .
more than hours after twin bombings killed dozens in the algerian capital , rescue workers continued to search for nearly a dozen people trapped beneath the debris of a partially collapsed united nations building .
los angeles , california cnn a pressurized cylinder exploded at universal studios on sunday , injuring two firefighters as they tried to fight a blaze that began early in the day , los angeles authorities said .
and increasingly vendors offer companies suites of web . technologies that have emerged on the consumer side .
we weren t equipped to meet their needs .
communist china is to expand the use of lethal injections to replace execution by shooting , a senior official has said .
hassan al zain , , who has been selling cigarettes in ramallah s central manara square since , said that only a year ago , he used to sell packs of marlboros a day .
international brands have tried to capture the hearts of the youth who are more consumer driven and connected than preceding generations .
but the verdict may not be the final word in the case .
the us has called on iran to stop arming militants in iraq at the first bilateral public talks between the two countries in almost years .
she raised her voice as she described what she feels is the core of pakistan s political problems
with north korea s main sources of hard currency in danger of running dry and its isolation growing , experts say the regime needs the farmers markets more than ever to keep goods and money circulating .
johndroe confirmed that bush will make the trip , but would not divulge details of his itinerary .
an employee of germany s railroad company found the body on the tracks at about p . m . monday and notified authorities .
they face a may preliminary hearing .
the idf declined to say whether the strikes were launched in retaliation for the palestinian border breach on saturday .
earlier , he admitted razing the farms of those convicted of trying to kill him in the town of dujail in .
despite the strong currency , exports are growing at double digit rates .
mogadishu , somalia cnn neighborhoods in the somali capital were deserted on sunday , a day after civilians were brutally killed in the wake of intense fighting between ethiopian backed somali troops and islamic insurgents , according to witnesses and journalists in mogadishu .
for starters , healthy kids come in a wide range of shapes and sizes , and they don t grow at a steady rate , either .
he declined to identify the hospital , citing a request for confidentiality from the patient s family .
the korean border is the world s most heavily fortified , with almost million troops deployed on the peninsula , including , americans stationed in south korea .
history will prove this to be a correct move to bring peace to the balkans , he told reporters in dar es salaam , tanzania .
we do have a large amount of water .
the number of electors for an area was based on population .
a drunk passenger tried to hijack a turkish airlines flight to russia on wednesday before he was brought under control , the head of turkey s civil aviation authority said .
viruses actually need population density as fuel .
venomous guns n roses album slammed in china
the u . n . assisted tribunal was created last year after seven years of contentious negotiations between the united nations and cambodia .
relatives of mrs muliaga , a schoolteacher , said she had been off work since february with a heart and lung condition .
much of that electricity will come from coal fired power plants , like the billion so called ultra mega complex scheduled to be built south of tunda wand , a tiny village near the gulf of kutch , an inlet of the arabian sea on india s west coast .
prosecutors yesterday requested an arrest warrant for the former head of korea exchange bank in connection with an ongoing investigation into the bank s sale to lone star funds .
in addition , vincent said , seven crew members of a spanish charter company were charged with complicity .
it introduced limited sanctions and gave iran days to comply a deadline that expired wednesday .
and if a situation is really making you uncomfortable , talk to the parties involved about how it makes you feel .
she s got the state s first probable swine flu case on her hands , and says the feds have shipped out the meds and supplies to help minnesota deal with a possible pandemic
they are told stop at nothing , even meds or plastic surgery , to ensure their dolls win .
this week , we put that question to three people who have given it much thought , and this is what they said .
brazilians have begun to draw the line .
the chinese communist authorities put to death at least people last year , but probably killed many more , human rights group amnesty international has said .
in protest against the expulsions , about students , including those who received the penalty , held a rally yesterday , cutting their hair .
state department official said tuesday .
more than percent of the writers guild of america members who cast ballots tuesday in los angeles and new york voted to end their work stoppage over residuals for writing in the digital age , including new media and the internet . the new deal is for three years .
prince harry s thoughts are with his troop and the rest of the battle group in iraq .
that radiate outward from that region , the space agency said .
the municipal zoo in the city of kushiro in hokkaido brought in a polar bear cub three years ago .
ebadi , who won the nobel peace prize , is the founder of the center for defense of human rights in tehran .
this crisis , this has also acquired a global nature . certain features of local problems becoming common problems , this is typical of the modern world today .
analysts said talk of sarkozy the american , an insult in a country where anti americanism runs deep , is an exaggeration .
the government immediately took over branches of a company called dmg and shuttered its doors .
sunderland have dropped into the relegation zone with points from games and were thumped by bolton on saturday .
that broadcast came a week after north korea s kcna news agency reported that kim made a rare public appearance at a pyongyang soccer match .
he said roh also believes germany is entitled to the membership if more seats are made available at the unsc .
the independent counsel whose open ended investigation of a clinton land deal veered into an intimately detailed report on the president s affair with intern monica lewinsky is helping california lawmakers craft laws to crack down on celebrity hunting packs of paparazzi .
italy s marco pinotti finished in the same time as napolitano and retained the overall lead .
zebari met yesterday with us deputy secretary of state richard armitage , the most senior u . s . official to visit iraq since the transfer of sovereignty .
in an interview with cnn , saudi oil minister ali al naimi said he was troubled by the current high levels of petroleum prices , but added , we have nothing to do with prices where they are today .
the team that won the opener has captured the series of times , including of the last .
both the taliban and afghan government officials had been hopeful of a breakthrough on tuesday with a korean delegation negotiating through the mediation of tribal elders .
after christmas shoppers are finding bargains , says the nation s retailers are , feeling the blues .
he said he had a love affair with radio
national weather service senior forecaster michael eckert says a big winter storm could be moving up the east coast through tomorrow
barksdale , who calls himself the president of doing stuff lifted netscape s hiring freeze , ramped up r d , opened foreign offices , broadened the target market , and cut prices .
the holiday honors the men and women who died fighting in wars for the united states .
i thought they would ignore me if i just sent the letter , so i put my little finger in as well , kyodo news agency quoted the man as telling police .
on wall street the dow is up about points , the nasdaq is down about points .
perhaps our traditional homes were sturdy enough to survive the quake , said masayuki murozuka , an ishikawa official . i think it was also fortunate that the quake hit in midmorning so most people were fully awake , perhaps even finished breakfast by then .
telecom company monday announced a new price plan that gives a percent discount for calls made among family members and a percent cut in the basic fee , depending on the length of consecutive years the family members subscribed to sk telecom .
the number of cases of sickness caused by tomatoes has risen in recent days , with a total of people having been infected since april with a rare form of salmonella in states and the district of columbia , federal health officials said wednesday .
now , he takes a handful out of the bag and puts it on a plate , and that s all he eats , saving , calories a day .
in addition , at least iraqi security force members were kidnapped by militia fighters in basra , he said .
duhamel s publicist , ruth bernstein , said her client recently popped the question to the pop star , whose debut solo album is titled the dutchess . she did not release any other details .
during the war of madison s slaves helped remove material from the white house shortly before the british burned the building .
i can only characterize this as somewhat of a bizarre and unusual violation , said lafave s attorney , john fitzgibbons .
i have a message of hope , i have a message of tranquility , peace and national reconciliation , sharif told reporters on the plane .
it is the single most important bilateral relationship , he told bbc television in his first broadcast interview since taking office .
larger states like california and florida , who previously held their primaries later on in the process , have now moved their elections forward .
others are based on one doctor s experience with one or two patients .
he emerged amid a crowd of uniformed security personnel and throngs of cheering supporters at the airport , where security was on high alert .
having a conversation with the friend about what happened and why might open the door to a painful and unproductive negotiation or it could save the friendship .
the lawyer planned and directed most parts of the kidnapping scheme , said ka se ro , the police chief , at yesterday s press briefing .
a three judge appeals panel released jordanian national abu qatada on tuesday on strict bail conditions , including a hour curfew .
she wouldn t go as far as to say diplomatic normalization with pyongyang is possible before she leaves office in early .
pristina , serbia cnn the diplomatic troika leading new talks on kosovo says that dividing the territory remained an option if serbs and albanians agreed to it .
we ve also of course expressed the wish that this should be resolved peacefully as soon as possible . but of course yes , violence is not compatible with olympic values .
asian markets tuesday suffered a second rough day , european markets were able to take advantage of news about u . s . rate cuts , and the u . s . markets rebounded after initially sliding .
yoon and others ended up in the north when their fishing boat was seized off south korea s east coast in .
and congress has been overwhelmed as constituent pleas for passport help soared from dozens a year to hundreds a month in many offices .
digg . com was was ranked as one of the top web sites by the internet information company alexa that analyzes user traffic .
spot on the list is drew barrymore .
in a statement released by wolf , swayze s physician dr . george fisher said he was optimistic about the dirty dancing actor s prognosis for battling the disease
air force one landed in baghdad international airport in the afternoon , local time , after a secretive saturday night departure from washington , an hour flight .
little banafsha wakes up in her small mud home , has a cup of tea and braces herself for the day ahead .
all this is the labor department this morning , reports that the number of americans still asking for unemployment benefits , is up sharply to a year high .
former labor secretary robert reich warned americans wednesday not to be overly optimistic that the u . s . economy might rebound by the end of summer .
as part of the review , the government looked at the experience of other countries including sweden
tom warden , an assistant vice president at allstate , said the company chose posit s technology because it is based on nine years of research into how older drivers brain fitness might be improved .
rome , italy cnn luciano pavarotti , who has pancreatic cancer , was in very serious condition , the italian news agency agi reported wednesday .
in these situations , they are nothing more than bullies preying on the vulnerable , campbell wrote . the federal government should take a serious look at this practice .
the carving may have been part of a hunting ritual , lev told cnn .
park sprinted past three swimmers over the final meters to win the gold medal .
keating said he offered myanmar the assistance of thousands of u . s . sailors and marines , plus u . s . military aircraft .
the republicans are not going to give up without a fight . . . and one of the things they re certainly going to jump on is his drug use , shaheen said .
but not everyone has the chance to go because of the size the europeans want them to be , said exopa s ghanaian director sima ibrahim .
that wasn t a wild pig , rhonda blissitt said .
england captain john terry also had a headed effort cleared off the line by lahm , but a weakened german team held out for a deserved win .
it is extremely premature for me to say what the president s schedule is going to be in august , she said .
new manager juande ramos found the magic formula as tottenham overturned a two goal half time deficit to defeat denmark s aalborg in their uefa cup clash at white hart lane .
father joseph li shan s predecessor , who died earlier this year , was appointed by the government controlled catholic church in .
i want everyone in here to get drunk , he yelled . i want people stumbling home .
thirty people have become sick with the same salmonella saintpaul infection in arizona , utah , colorado , kansas , idaho , illinois and indiana .
anyone who tries to rip off vulnerable homeowners and anyone else victimized by the fire will get no mercy in finding and prosecuting them , several officials said .
we are worried about the next step , shim jae youb , a strategist at meritz securities in seoul , said of nagging concerns in asia that the trouble in big u . s . banks was unlikely to be contained just to bear stearns .
unfortunately , the market segment of full sized suv s is shrinking and continues to shrink .
my meeting with britney and some family members this morning in her room at cedars leaves me convinced more than ever that she is in dire need of both medical and psychological intervention , mcgraw told the programs .
they picked up the wire and followed its trail , which led to the school .
it marks the start of a new era for a department that s been at the center of numerous controversies , including wireless surveillance and harsh interrogation .
the group said businesses that operate abroad need to be more aware of their responsibilities .
the sun shines most days of the year .
every major studio but disney has done that more than once .
beginning in october , beekeepers from states reported that hundreds of thousands of their bees were dying and their colonies were being devastated .
sharm el sheik , egypt ap u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said she raised the issue of foreign fighters entering iraq from syria in talks with syria s foreign minister thursday .
the government and people of south africa join the international community in sharing its thoughts and prayers with the family of the late president yeltsin , the government and people of the russian federation during this period of national mourning .
have descended on her atlanta house .
the free tibet campaign , one of the groups planning to demonstrate sunday , said it welcomed news that the chinese ambassador was considering staying out of the ceremony .
some traders feared an even worse jobs report for february , so the dow actually opened up this morning .
in a joint declaration entitled statement of appeal to million compatriots , members of the delegations said true liberation will be complete only when the division of the korean peninsula is overcome .
the business software alliance , an organization of productivity software companies such as adobe and microsoft , has conducted the study since .
their current prices are estimated at about billion won .
the united states was sending , for uganda , said steven browning , the country s u . s . ambassador .
he faces an uphill task to address palestinian misgivings over his ties to israel and the us .
he s falling off in areas like ability , confidence and intelligence , while barack obama is more trusted on the economy .
the last time the rate was as low as percent was november .
when he missed three subsequent scheduled calls over the next six hours , they called the coast guard , read said .
the first is the core of violence and conflict that typifies terrorist groups .
the panel said the chun government had made a secret report on ven .
iran doesn t observe laws , she said through an interpreter in an exclusive interview while visiting the united states .
grand national party presidential frontrunner lee myung bak yesterday declared his candidacy for the party s primary elections ahead of the december presidential race .
cnn it was only after a crowd of screaming students ran past darnell rodgers in a stairway at his cleveland , ohio , high school wednesday afternoon that he realized he had been shot .
and footage , with subtitles , of islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against jews and christians .
however , a fiat spokesman said the company would continue to run the ad in italy and would introduce it in other european countries as the lancia delta goes on sale across the continent .
where statistics are fragile or labor markets heavily distorted , the best approach is probably to try to improve measurement of education .
wu later admitted the date was still not confirmed and there is no indication of whether north korea or the united states have agreed to that particular starting time .
india s homegrown missile arsenal already includes the short range prithvi ballistic missile , the medium range akash , the anti tank nag and the supersonic brahmos missile , developed jointly with russia .
one patient wrote nedrow enthusiastically about an herb to treat low libido .
the whole blue light system is a joke here .
the prohibition on staying in foreigners only hotels unnerved many cubans , who complained that foreigners were being afforded rights that were denied to ordinary citizens .
the united states stepped up inspections of imports from china after a chemical additive in pet food caused the death of pets there this spring .
if you are adventurous , and have a smattering of spanish , ask your hotel or hostel to help you figure out the city s complicated but cheap subway and bus network .
it is the first satellite from south korea , and the rd in the world , to be launched from the open sea .
the total of is an increase of percent from new cases reported during the first nine months of .
if suspects failed to stop or refused to answer questions , they could be charged with a crime and fined , the sunday times said .
coordinated by nasa s jet propulsion laboratory and the california institute of technology , the web site is designed to be interactive so people can explore a multitude of climate science issues .
after a fire tore through a six storey building in vietnam s ho chi minh city that housed shops , a disco and several foreign companies .
an eye mask can also minimize interference from a neighbor s light and video screen .
and drawing more tourists will mean more money for the communist nation s impoverished economy .
betancourt was among a group of hostages that venezuelan president hugo chavez was attempting to release through a prisoner exchange deal which would have seen farc guerrillas set free .
but since then many south koreans are siding with the communist north in panning the film , despite the nuclear standoff that has recently boosted tensions between the countries .
a united states intelligence agency has been collecting data on the phone calls of tens of millions of americans , a report in usa today has alleged .
he admitted training with al qaeda in afghanistan in , but denied any prior knowledge of the attacks .
two traffic deaths were blamed on icy roads in oklahoma .
you re looking at an event that happened , years ago someone made an imprint on a surface , walking in a way you d expect to see someone in these same conditions walk today , said owen lovejoy , an anthropologist at kent state university who was not involved in the research .
the reactions came after the national election commission nec monday ruled that roh again breached the law requiring public officials to stay neutral ahead of elections .
the u . s . military in iraq announced the combat death of a soldier in babil province and two more in a roadside bomb attack in central baghdad , bringing to at least , the number of deaths of american troops and defense department civilians announced by the pentagon .
in april , the us defense department described the mehdi army as the greatest threat to iraq s security , replacing al qaeda in iraq as the country s most dangerous accelerant of potentially self sustaining sectarian violence .
press secretary dana perino says bush talked with monmohan singh on the phone from camp david where s he s spending his last thanksgiving as commander in chief .
in the most thorough study to date , an interior department scientist . . . determined that under current trends , disappearing sea ice would result in a two thirds drop in the world population of polar bears , resulting in the disappearance of polar bears from alaska by , said a statement released by markey .
li also ascribes moral qualities to inanimate objects such as stone and wood .
so , with the olympics a few short weeks away , china is giving its cuisine a linguistic makeover .
good to know
wright phillips struck the breakthrough goal for the holders after minutes when he steered a shot beyond goalkeeper tim howard and in off the far post .
we will not accept that such a bomb is made . we must prepare ourselves for the worst , he said , specifying that could mean a war .
stardust is rated pg and runs minutes .
prodi met thursday morning with president giorgio napolitano , after which he decided to go ahead with the senate vote thursday evening .
abba makes it into space music .
ahead of formal alliance meetings on friday , rice met thursday with the foreign ministers of italy , belgium and britain , as well as european union foreign policy chief javier solana and nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer .
the u . s . military calls the men concerned local citizens .
it s a high tech but earnest spy thriller , which comes in roughly midway between the geopolitical pretensions of syriana and the action speaks louder than words thrust of the bourne movies .
murray wasn t saved by the viewers votes this time .
leeman argues that empowerment zones in every other city revitalization plan since president harry truman s urban renewal initiative in is based on the premise that the newly hired poor will choose to remain in the slums .
over the myriad confrontations between tanaka and ministry bureaucrats since her appointment to the cabinet post a retired satellite with no onboard steering system should re enter earth s atmosphere and leave a trail of debris in its wake , nasa cautioned today .
i m looking for toys that meet all the safety standards , said duran , , of atlanta , georgia .
hoernlihuette , at , feet , has been on the flank of the mountain in some version since .
lee is one of hundreds of south koreans who the south says were kidnapped by the communist north during decades of cold war enmity .
clinton was responding to a question from a cnn ireporter who asked why she thought so many of her supporters would choose mccain over obama . watch the question
i don t have money to take my kid to the doctor .
if you can afford it , sit in first class , where people aren t so squished together .
of the roughly , members of directors guild of america , only about , , or percent , are listed as female directors .
but the district governor of qara bagh , khawaja mohammad siddiqi , said no body had been discovered at the location given by the taliban .
long a niche technology existing in the shadow of conventional growing methods , hydroponics is getting a second look from university researchers and public health advocates .
the debate was touted as an opportunity for voters to pose questions directly to the candidates .
bush said he is asking congress for more than billion for veterans services for fiscal year .
everybody , i hate to be the one to tell you this but i told you so , birkhead said outside the court as he smiled and threw his hands into the air .
a weakened mitag was moving northeast close to northern batanes islands at kph mph , with kph mph winds near the center and gusts of up to kph mph .
up until this moment , the biggest source of concern is the possibility of a credit crunch , said mamoru arai , senior vice president of foreign exchange at mizuho corporate bank .
the minister , who had a history of heart trouble , was pronounced dead of heart failure at p . m . tuesday , his doctor , carl moore , told reporters .
i know a lot of people will look at the recent world cup and events afterwards but it was always my intention to retire from rugby at the end of this season , he said .
allstate recommends that drivers complete at least hours of training .
in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said rice will probably make a stop in ramallah .
israelis strike homes of top hamas figures
in its latest communication , the army of islam restated its demand that britain free radical muslim cleric abu qatada , a jordanian born palestinian who faces deportation to his home country .
much of her long life was lived in ohio , where she worked as a house mom at a state university .
los angeles , california the next indiana jones flick will not be another father son affair .
jeter homered off starter edwin jackson to finish a four run fifth inning that erased a deficit .
kang sung goo , secretary general of the south korean office of transparency international , a non governmental organization devoted to raising awareness of and combating corruption , says that while there have been positive developments , more needs to be done .
a kremlin spokesman told reuters there were no plans to cancel the trip to meet president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
people just call me up and they re like , hey you re the nirvana baby , right ? well just come and swim in my pool and we ll give you some money
witness nicole barry heard the trouble before she saw it .
in addition to the production workers , we also announced that support and management employees also in aurora , decatur and east peoria have been notified of layoffs .
eurostat s figure is a first estimate , which it will confirm on april .
on court one , third seed andy roddick was unable to start his quarterfinal against richard gasquet .
the year old quick step rider , who will retire at the end of the season , beat compatriot sandy casar to the line by the width of a wheel , with swiss michael albasini of the liquigas team coming home third .
it has already begun the process of disabling its yongbyon nuclear reactor .
pyongyang s list included television sets , blackboards , desks and chairs , according to the korea times .
and the challenges they went through were so much more difficult , so much more severe , and the risks they took were so much greater that i will say , last night standing in that auditorium , it struck me that it was testimony to them .
that completed a aggregate victory for the spaniards in a match that was delayed following the untimely death of the spanish international full back last week from multiple organ failure following a cardiac arrest during a league match just days earlier .
the american president had been sharing talks in the us on future policy in iraq and had been due to speak to maliki by videophone .
all members of the iraqi council signed the document during a ceremony in baghdad , which the president of the council , sayyed muhammad bahr al uloum , called an historic moment , decisive in the history of iraq .
police do not know the shooter s motive and do not believe he had a specific target in mind .
an it consultant who travels to europe , turkey and pakistan , khan says he has cooperated with the questions and searches but feels by now border agents should know he doesn t pose a threat .
it s soon gonna be a little more expensive to get your favorite music on apple s itunes .
bank branches in colorado , oklahoma , illinois , new york , new jersey , ohio , georgia , texas and the district of columbia received letters monday , the official said .
the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , admiral mike mullen , says he s confident about iraq s future , and the future of the us withdrawal from that country .
as of a . m . et , the storm was located about miles northeast of muscat , moving in a northwesterly direction , the u . s . military s joint typhoon warning center said .
a number of documents some found in the same raid bolster the coalition notion that al qaeda in iraq is waging a violent campaign against its former allies , intelligence analysts said .
tokyo , japan cnn musicians of the world are getting a new kind of artistic freedom with technology that eliminates the challenging chore of tuning .
the son of the new dutch defense chief was killed friday by a roadside bomb in afghanistan , and the taliban claimed that they deliberately made him a high profile victim of their deadly insurgency .
his wife victoria , better known as as posh spice of the spice girls , stayed on the sidelines during the event but still attracted a lot of attention in her pink dress and big black sunglasses .
the dane was attacked during the last climb by spaniard alberto contador , second in the overall standings , but managed to resist the discover channel rider to maintain his race lead of two minutes seconds . i was about to be
the three coalition soldiers died sunday after sustaining wounds in an explosion during fighting in nangarhar province , along the border with pakistan , the coalition press information center said .
the benches are surrounded by hedges .
the scene by day , cashmere draped ladies who lunch
not only in japan and europe and north america , but they have also started to take off in some developing countries , for example in brazil , mexico , china and south africa .
prosecutors contend nowak , a mother of three who is seeking a divorce from her husband , drove miles from houston to orlando wearing adult diapers to reduce the number of stops she needed to make in order to accost shipman .
some of his followers in the united states and canada may indeed be highly educated but they seem to have forgotten their knowledge of basic sciences .
putin s visit is the first by a leader in the kremlin to iran since joseph stalin s world war ii conference meeting with u . s . president franklin d . roosevelt and british prime minister winston churchill .
odierno said the u . s . military is pleased with syria s improvement .
i just wanted the truth to be told .
this is the first time the company has made such a move since the union was established in .
recent polls show obama with a comfortable lead in north carolina , but a tight race in indiana .
the air force decided to accelerate the retirement of the f s to free up money to modernize the rest of the fleet .
the study suggested that the design of the bridge s main truss could cause a collapse if one of two support planes were to become cracked , although it said a collapse might not occur in that event .
but the bbc reports south korea s decision will be seen as a set back to us efforts to present a united front against north korea .
korean troops have been deployed there since august .
i have raised him as my son and i introduced him into running after observing his endurance , das said , adding that singh is an inspiration to other children .
companies using tempelhof including lufthansa and brussels airlines will be required to reroute their flights to berlin s schoenefeld airport starting november .
he has millions of dollars riding on him in films under production .
he said the cia program had interrogated a small number of key figures suspected of involvement in , the attack on the uss cole in in yemen and the attacks on us embassies in kenya and tanzania .
johnson s find is the second largest diamond uncovered at the park this year .
the dow is down points .
the number of dead and missing is estimated at more than , with the homeless numbering about , .
the candidate , foreign minister abdullah gul , was forced to suspend his bid after the opposition boycotted the voting process in parliament .
each man made more than gambles under brain scans .
last week , kerviel s lawyer said the bank must have known about and condoned his deals .
the service initially would focus on the asia pacific region close to japan , a jaxa news release said .
the year olds were arrested on july last year as they tried to board a plane in the african country s capital , accra , carrying hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of cocaine .
but li dongsheng , spokesman for the communist party s th congress , said china would pursue political reform .
a friend , shawn saunders , told cnn , it s still hard to imagine the guy that i knew , that i used to hang out with , was capable of something like this .
a close up of mercury s surface , the highest resolution color image ever taken of the planet , shows a round basin about miles in diameter and named polygnotus , after a greek painter .
cnn police in phoenix , arizona , appealed sunday for help in finding a year old man known as psycho who is a suspect in saturday s shootings of six people and a dog .
my body was hurting after the french . i m not superstitious like other players , that s why i can take decisions like that . i m recovered now .
and that s something that i think is a little different from your average hobbyist who s really just building for fun
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
many of the entries are run of the mill
a south korean ship loaded with instant noodles , blankets and boiled water worth arrived in a northern port thursday after a daylong voyage .
the typhoon , whipping up waves up to feet high , was moving northwest toward the chinese mainland .
the video is from the islamic state of iraq , an insurgent group that includes al qaeda in iraq .
we dare him to provide a financial statement under oath , said goldman s attorney , david j . cook .
once you admit that the base is there , you become
many of those who have already left have been living in tents after losing their homes in the earthquake , forcing them to pick up and move again some for the third time .
since kabul s administration did not listen to our demand and did not free our prisoners , the taliban shot dead a male korean hostage , yousif said .
the former england captain started in a milan midfield that also featured andrea pirlo , massimo ambrosini and ronaldinho before being substituted at half time .
the president s other challenger this time is former finance minister simba makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling party .
she also has been reaching out to uncommitted democratic superdelegates in hopes of capitalizing on her pennsylvania primary victory .
meanwhile , the national weather service has issued an excessive heat warning for most of southern california due to the heatwave baking the area .
the hotel bombing killed people and people died in the embassy attack .
an apparent tornado toppled buildings in a central iowa town , trapping several people , as twisters swept across the midwest on sunday evening .
obama s willingness to sit down with the iranian president demonstrates obama s lack of understanding of international relations , mccain said during a speech in chicago , illinois .
noriega was the first foreign head of state to be tried and convicted of a crime in the united states .
to secure the hostages release , south korea reaffirmed a pledge to withdraw its troops from afghanistan by the end of this year and prevent south korean christian missionaries from working there . the taliban apparently backed down on earlier demands for a prisoner exchange .
just as consumers are becoming increasingly tech savvy , so are the brands that target them .
police in florida say a man who is thought to have been drinking tried to get even with his neighbor after a fight by tossing a molotov cocktail at the other guy s trailer .
at least five years , jordan said .
bush told the veterans of foreign wars convention in cincinnati that the redeployment would create a quicker response system against terrorist threats .
and injured in nearby petionville .
this is just a typical disinformation campaign by the present regime .
the storms turn the sky a yellow color and coat everything in a layer of fine dust .
the runners had previously refused to give up their medals , saying it would be wrong to punish them for jones violations .
today i have withdrawn my candidacy for president of the united states , thompson said in a statement .
personal trainer and fitness expert robert dothard said making exercise available and enjoyable in your home means reaching an audience of people who often feel embarrassed walking in to a traditional gym .
if a young man goes through one exam without overly large tattoos , but comes back for another round with an outsized dragon and secures an exemption , he would be under suspicion .
obama has won the past contests and is ahead in the overall battle for delegates , of which are at stake in texas .
the blog said yahoo had drawn up a list of , to , jobs that could be eliminated , but monday s reports indicated management doesn t expect the cuts to be that deep .
maybe the boycott will be a message to the americans to open their eyes and stop being pro israeli .
we have to ensure that the bank can effectively carry out its mandate and maintain its credibility and reputation as well as the motivation of its staff , the committee said .
the bank will be headquartered in caracas , with bolivian and argentine branches .
government and ruling uri party officials said yesterday they have decided to set up long term care insurance for senior citizens as early as in order to address the welfare needs brought on by the growing elderly population .
insurgents in iraq targeted shiite muslims on sunday the second day of the eid al fitr festival in separate attacks that left at least dead , iraqi officials said .
the anchorwoman also said the players felt a fire in their heart at meeting the north korean leader .
in a country where control has long been paramount , china is facing unprecedented challenges when an estimated half million visitors come to beijing in august for the olympics , along with , international athletes and , journalists .
the korea times reports that in its recent survey of foreigners by the consumer protection board , percent of them complained about being discriminated against or inconvenienced as consumers .

increased use of biofuels could also prompt food shortages , campaigners warn , as greater areas of farmland are turned over to biofuel production .
an apology for what ?
ko is a common suffix for a japanese female name .
he put together a young and inexperienced team which suffered a series of poor results and were eliminated in the first round of the african cup of nations in ghana earlier this year .
korean national railroad
the train dragged the bus to the bridge , where the bus fell .
jin nam chung , ki chung and their son , soo chung , are considering moving back to seoul , seven years after they opened their dry cleaning business in the nation s capital , said their lawyer , chris manning .
researchers included him and nine college students in a second test .
a staffer at a day care center mistook the stuff for kool aid .
i m just really very happy , ainslie said .
cnn sen . barack obama on tuesday blasted sen . john mccain s energy plans as gimmicks , saying his policies will only increase our oil addiction for another four years .
grand national party leader kang jae sup yesterday accused president roh moo hyun and state authorities of meddling in the presidential election race and trying to damage gnp presidential frontrunner lee myung bak .
mild texas temperatures allow visitors to be outdoors throughout all four seasons .
zimbabwe s opposition party had been hoping that the court would act to end more than two weeks of election deadlock , having accused president robert mugabe of holding back the release of the results .
same day tickets can usually be bought for the first days of the honbasho and you can also get advance tickets at the venue .
it is such a novel proposition , kissinger replied in his discussion with mao in beijing .
chris avenir is accused of academic misconduct because of the site , where classmates swapped tips on homework questions .
the cdc said that with treatment , fatalities due to dengue hemorrhagic fever , which is characterized by abnormal internal or external bleeding , can be less than percent .
the counterterrorism officials spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the story .
the u . s . treasury department said authorities in the chinese administered region of macau were prepared to unblock frozen funds that north korea says are the reason it has refused to move forward on a feb . disarmament agreement .
get the turkey in early .
a ship carrying the first delivery of fuel to north korea , under a key nuclear disarmament deal , has left a south korean port .
korea will calculate and cooperate if need be , and move forward with its proper authority and responsibility , he said .
we learned recently that north koreans at the country s foreign missions and trading companies as well as those guiding foreigners inside the north are not wearing the kim jong il badges , the intelligence official told the joong ang ilbo .
song , who is , was indicted last november for acting as a member of the decision making politburo of north korea s workers party and spreading the north s juche , or self reliance technology abroad on orders by pyongyang .
lee was also found guilty of bribing a former aide who turned whistleblower , and paid for him to flee overseas .
a fiery head scratcher in southern california , where we still don t know how many homes have been destroyed by a wildfire near santa barbara .
but he said each of the protesters could be jailed for seven years .
nearly fuel efficient hybrids have been tested in the city s taxi fleet over the past months , with models including the toyota prius , the toyota highlander hybrid , the lexus rx h and the ford escape .
under the agreement , north korea agreed to shut down and seal parts of its nuclear program in exchange for aid , ahead of the program s eventual abandonment .
the possibility of a tibetan participating as an independent olympic athlete also won t happen , ioc spokeswoman giselle davies said . in this particular case , athletes from the region would fall under the national olympic committee of china , davies said .
the week , giving the nation a chance to clear clogged highways and move goods .
the corpus christi caller times reported in its online edition that longoria parker worked at wendy s from to .
valpak spokeswoman marsha strickhouser said specific figures related to usage is proprietary information and unavailable for release , but said the number represents a significant surge in consumer response in the company s year history .
the coastline is strewn with reefs and jagged rocks , making it much more dangerous for the stranded whales than if they had landed at a sandy beach , said rosemary gales , another wildlife service official .
local authorities declared three days of mourning for the dead miners .
vatican city , italy cnn a cadet in the vatican police force was found fatally shot in the head early monday inside the barracks , in what officials said was an apparent suicide over a breakup with a girlfriend .
china is home to million smokers a third of the global total .
cohen says the lawsuit , filed in manhattan s state supreme court , asks unspecified damages .
one highlight from the batch released monday involves the captain of an italian airliner . he shouted look out !
kettl said obama also seems to do better when voters get to see more of him , like during his recent six day bus tour throughout pennsylvania .
. find the right hospital
we would like to try and fill some of them , but quite frankly we re having trouble identifying troops , gates said , speaking to reporters on the plane returning to washington from meeting with allies on the afghanistan war effort . we can fill some of them , but we don t have the ability right now to fill all of them .
his resignation followed a report by local television station mbc in july that claimed samsung provided slush funds to two presidential candidates ahead of the election .
laid off workers could probably use the fun .
the president elect ordered the review of contacts between his aides and the governor about appointing obama s senate successor .
iran has failed to stop enriching uranium despite a un deadline calling for a halt to its nuclear program , the un nuclear agency says .
doraemon , through voice actress wasabi mizuta , promised komura that through my cartoons , i hope to convey to people abroad what ordinary japanese people think , our lifestyles and what kind of future we want to build .
some of the old favorites that will again be on display are one of the company s original prototype contour bottles only two exist , and a soft drink dispenser used in on the space shuttle challenger .
america , at its best , is also courageous .
she called the move a political offensive against her .
i don t see why one group should impose its moral view on another .
keifer bonvillain , who had the charges dismissed , seeks damages of million from winfrey , her attorney and the fbi in the federal lawsuit filed tuesday .
today , iran has turned to a nuclear country , and all world countries have accepted this fact , the iranian president was quoted as saying .
she met billy graham at wheaton college in illinois .
it is essential that we work together because we re in this crisis together , bush said at camp david , maryland , with french president nicolas sarkozy and european union president jose manuel barroso .
are you ready to make john mccain the next president of the united states ?
called mirae ro , which means to the future in korean , the program is an effort by the university to reach out to the growing korean population in the state , the daily said .
victims groups were furious at the acquittals and perceived leniency of some of the sentences .
several illinois democrats , including rep . jesse jackson jr . and iraq war veteran tammy duckworth , a former congressional candidate who now serves in gov . rod blagojevich s administration , have been mentioned as possible senate replacements for obama .
seoul national university professor hwang woo suk wednesday said that he would resume his controversial cloning research with human stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
big engines and pretty women .
the case is seen as concerning american filmmakers , online music providers and other u . s . media suppliers who claim to be suffering from what the u . s . calls less favorable distribution opportunities in china .
the forum attributed the drop to inefficiency by the government .
instead , crown prince maha vajiralongkorn took his father s seat inside a shaded pavilion at the center of the main barge , as thousands of onlookers crowded the river banks to glimpse the boats .
tempelhof , built in , has the capacity to accommodate . million passengers annually , but actual traffic in was , a tiny fraction of the million who used berlin s three airports last year .
atomstroiexport , the russian monopoly , is building the billion bushehr plant under the control of the international atomic energy agency iaea , the united nations nuclear watchdog agency .
for over years i have been proud to be yupik and reveled in the honor of yupik hood .
one of the explosions was caused by a bomb hidden on a bus carrying government employees , police said .
until , christie s said , all diamonds worn by european royalty came from india .
it attracted about one million viewers in japan last year and raked in , in the first week of its release in hong kong in january .
it is widely believed that the drafting of the bill came about as a reaction to a scandal last year , when a private videotape , apparently belonging to iranian actress zahra amir ebrahimi and allegedly showing her having intercourse with a man , became available across iran .
engine technology has improved a lot but we are using heavier and speedier cars .
earlier sunday , bloomberg warned new yorkers to plan for a strike and declared we are all in this together .
the inca empire , based in the ancient city of cuzco , flourished along the western edge of south america during the s , prior to the arrival of the spanish .
but university of maryland economist peter morici says we re far from out of the woods , insisting the fed dropping interest rates to all time lows yesterday will not end the recession
with diaz s plump fiona expecting a litter of tiny ogres with hubby shrek , her old princess pals throw her a baby shower in the animated sequel that opens may .
south korean and chinese officials said the talks are likely to restart in november or december .
the judge rejected the argument , noting
ntv said fujimori listed his top policy objectives as asian diplomacy , the effort to persuade north korea to give up its nuclear weapons program and the campaign to resolve the communist regime s abductions of japanese citizens .
analysts surveyed by dow jones newswires had forecast , on average , an increase of , barrels .
theater owners in cities large and small reported sellout crowds .
the president was on the horn to space a short while ago ?
charles quincy troupe says police are ineffective , outnumbered , or don t care about the increasing crime .
after steve mcclaren left the england football team , my representatives maintained contact with the fa , said mourinho in a statement on www . gestifute . com , his agent jorge mendes web site .
as police worked to free an immense traffic jam across the city , they smashed the windows of the farmers vehicles .
on july , , a local military office issued a press release saying that pieces of a crashed disk were recovered .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
this is the biggest offensive in gaza since the mideast war .
fighting around the lal masjid raged throughout much of tuesday with more than people wounded in the violence .
mexico city s legislative assembly has voted to legalize abortion in the city , the capital of the world s second largest roman catholic country .
later wednesday , fourie met with the employees seen in the video and apologized to them , a statement from the university said .
north korea claims to be using one of its existing graphite reactors to this end .
korean stock investors will see how the ripple effect plays out starting today .
the largest diamond found at the park was the . carat amarillo starlight , a white diamond found in .
the us senate has voted to approve a bill which requires us troops to start withdrawing from iraq by october .
the new government , led by the party of the late benazir bhutto , has been trying to negotiate peace deals with tribal leaders in the region
the idea that these humans were escaping an eruption . . . is attractive , and is supported by the fact that all tracks have the same direction , outwards from the volcano s main crater , mietto said .
it has happened with other web pages , including some from the united states government , the vatican , portales told reporters .
the travel industry has already seen a drop off in tourist numbers after protesters shutdown phuket airport for two days in august and with continued anti government protests in central bangkok resulting in violence .
the deadline for the u . s . government to present the deal to congress is april .
jakarta , indonesia cnn former indonesian dictator suharto the smiling general who ruled his country with an iron fist for three decades died sunday at a hospital in jakarta , said his doctor . he was .
with the introduction of the new area divisions and four kinds of buses , all the buses will be color coded and receive new numbers .
so while he said he plans to take the stand , he s also said he ll follow his lawyer s advice .
phosgene was used extensively during world war i as a choking agent and caused a majority of the war s gas deaths , according to the cdc .
north korean films have occasionally been screened in the south , though most have flopped at the box office .
obama will campaign today in des moines , iowa .
henin broke twice for a lead in the first set but dropped serve in the eighth game as knapp kept the contest alive , .
dozens of web sites offer critical views that are forbidden on beijing s streets .
although we still await precise information , it is clear that a catastrophe has befallen the cultural heritage of iraq , said british museum director neil macgregor .
today , kiev strives to be a proper european city , at the same time preserving its unique slavic appeal .
when the animals finally do mate , the sea dragons arch their tails and swim side by side until they latch onto each other before swimming vertically together during their version of a date .
satellites unearthing ancient egyptian ruins
details of how the cash will actually be saved are still emerging , but obama is prepared to say the active support of groups that have fought each other and lawmakers for years shows even they know reform is a necessity that cannot wait .
in southern california national transportation safety board investigators say the engineer sent a text message from his cell phone just seconds before last month s commuter train crash that killed people .
the two sumatran orangutans at zoo atlanta are playing computer games while researchers study the cognitive skills of the orange and brown primates .
min is an executive member of the pan korean alliance for reunification s south korean headquarters .
and because of environmental degradation , aquaculture is growing in order to meet the demand .
his lawyer said year old alexander pichushkin had confessed to most of the murders , but it was unclear how many .
in addition , said mark rosenker , ntsb chairman , a camera aboard an fbi helicopter produced a high definition , three dimensional image saturday of the center portion of the bridge and other areas impossible to reach on the ground .
moscow has been sweltering this week in temperatures above degrees celsius fahrenheit .
without full funding of these emergency requirements , we risk again the specter of widespread hunger , malnutrition and social unrest on an unprecedented scale . we anticipate that additional funding will be required .
there are some very odd images of family life in the bible .
now the trick for the federal reserve is to avoid deflation , a prolonged plunge in prices that could extend the recession .
chicago , illinois cnn barack obama celebrated father s day by calling on black fathers , who he said are missing from too many lives and too many homes , to become active in raising their children .
gayoom was unhurt , shareef said .
we have private channel with these people , hamad said monday .
dorothy willows , who lives near the damaged turbine , told the sun she was in her car when she saw strange lights in the sky .
the spice girls , who burst on to the music scene with girl power and attitude in the s , have reunited for a world tour , their web site said on thursday . hey everybody ! !
the paper used will contain a minimum of percent post consumer waste pcw fiber .
i always admired the god given glory of his voice that unmistakable special timbre from the bottom up to the very top of the tenor range , domingo said in a statement from los angeles .
in upcoming navimon versions , the aliens will appear not on a game page , but through the viewfinder , superimposed over the real world .
he has a strong will , determination , strong spirit .
in all honesty , he would probably have chosen a wife from among them the contestants , isioma daniel wrote in saturday s article .
the protest took place late friday on a street near u . n . headquarters and in front of the japan society , watched by handful of the city s police officers .
park geun hye , daughter of the late president park chung hee , as its new party leader yesterday .
aqueous wastes , after treatment are normally discharged into the sewer for further treatment at sewage treatment works .
coach van basten made four changes to the side that beat ukraine at the weekend , with the inclusion of arjen robben and van nistelrooy the most decisive .
she allegedly failed a field sobriety test and authorities said she told them she had smoked marijuana and taken a prescription painkiller .
the order also warned the munhwa broadcasting company to be more careful in reporting on the group , claiming its million buddhists across the country would be watching .
rudd , a year old former diplomat , has pledged health , education and labour reforms , and to ratify the kyoto protocol on climate change .
the number of college graduates and others studying or training to get jobs also reached an all time high of , last month up , a year earlier reflecting the country s worsening job market .
griffin recently called the gap unseemly , but he has few options with the budgets nasa has been given by the white house and congress since president bush first announced plans to return to the moon three years ago . nasa has put the cost of returning to the moon at billion , although the general accounting office puts it at billion through .
. lend a hand
bush added , my message to tony is , stay strong . a lot of people love you and care for you and will pray for you
it comes after the release of the first iraq strategy document , which rejects widespread calls for a timetable .
a newspaper report said the girl was so cold her face had turned blue .
the family left amman , jordan , early tuesday en route to the united states .
for me , i needed that key to open up this pandora s box of memory and imagination , the painter filmmaker says in an interview . i needed that . if those glaciers are not in the movie , i don t have a movie .
pennsylvanians will be unable to take a driver s license test , visit a state run museum or place a casino bet starting monday unless an th hour breakthrough ends a budget stalemate that threatens a partial government shutdown .
in an hour long interview with the korea herald , the no . provost marshal officer of usfk and a deputy public affairs officer stressed the usfk s commitment to be a good guest .
investigators will interview crew members , review crew training and evaluate several factors , including the weather at the time of the crash and structure of the plane , sumwalt said .
stocks in asia tumbled , with south korea and australia nursing falls of almost percent as growing fears of a u . s . recession sparked panic , sending investors to safe haven government bonds .
he was afraid donating organs may be impossible as media reports said he had bullet holes in his body .
clinton told an audience in the cleveland suburb of parma , ohio , that more needs to be done to aid cities . i think we have to think more creatively . we can t just do the same things over and over again , the new york senator said .
mcnamee who served as clemens trainer until countered that he injected clemens with only testosterone , the steroid winstrol or human growth hormone .
he flew on the fifth project mercury flight , orbiting the earth six times on october , , and was commander of the gemini flight , which launched december , .
the deployment , he said , would be completed by wednesday .
the korea times reports defense minister cho young kil told lawmakers the usfk commander would leave for washington on thursday to discuss related matters , including the question of whether the iraq bound u . s . troops will return to korea after their mission in the middle east .
the kissimee , florida based american association for nude recreation , which represents about clubs and resorts in north america , estimates that more than percent of its , members are older than .
the mission of the , man korean contingent based in irbil , northern iraq , is mandated until the end of this year . in the face of a boycott by the opposition grand national party , the speaker of the national assembly called off a vote on a one year extension of the deployment of korean forces in iraq , describing the issue as too grave to be deliberated by the governing party alone because it involved the lives of the nation s young people .
a massive cleanup began thursday in oman s small seaside capital , after cyclone gonu ripped down trees and bridges and poured mud onto a city often called the arab world s tidiest .
the french government has authorized a range of emergency powers in an effort to combat nights of rioting .
that prompted banking executives and lawmakers to convene in the capital for feverish talks toward the new deal they unveiled late sunday .
about hours later , jenny masche , , who used artificial insemination , gave birth monday in phoenix by caesarean section , the first successful sextuplet delivery in arizona .
and you have a feeling of very intense personal fear not just because you re an outsider , but the people that live there have a fear that pervades their lives .
pottery shards , vessel fragments and coins from the end of the second temple period were also discovered inside the channel , attesting to its age , reich said .
when brancato and armento entered the home , the next door neighbor
chief executives from some of the country s biggest banks are weighing in this morning on the obama administration s plans for stabilizing the financial system .
the villa skipper has made way for frank lampard , who is also back in the starting line up for the first time since the germany game .
the woman had not plotted any revenge in the real world , the official said .
when i won my academy award , the only person i really thanked was patrick , goldberg recalled thursday on abc daytime talk show the view .
casualties included members of another awakening council .
the visit was also intended to pave the way for a meeting between koizumi and chinese president hu jintao , japan s jiji press reported .
we ll start with consumer prices .
earlier , roh appealed to the united states against any rush to a decision to reposition the , u . s . troops now stationed in south korea .
birkhead said he has made no agreement with stern about the child .
but anyone who opts to plunk an extra for the assembled version is missing half the fun .
another challenge is the weather .
speaking to reporters at nato s summit meeting in bucharest , putin warned that the proposed extension of nato membership to the former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia would be seen in moscow as a direct threat to russian security .
but a relevant one following some innovative and perhaps alarming new research by professors at three business schools .
one of them , jack lira diego luna , goes through with it .
strong exports are also expected to boost the trade surplus to billion this year , up billion over last year .
the demon barber of fleet street was chosen as best musical or comedy .
the pakistani government refused to meet a demand by those inside the controversial mosque that they be allowed to surrender without facing arrest . watch as the mosque standoff continues raquo
china is facing rising criticism ahead of the august olympics on issues from its crackdown on anti government protests among tibetans to its close relations with sudan .
that led yale university scientists to wonder if physical warmth could promote psychological warmth , by subconsciously priming people to think better of others .
omar osama bin laden , a year old metals trader , had hoped to live in britain with his british born wife .
while he said resettlement could mean life or death for some iraqis , it will never fully address the problem .
the selene satellite mission four years behind jaxa s original schedule comes as china is planning to launch its own lunar probe .
he praised zhu and jiang for their roles in china s recent reform and economic progress .
lennon gave betty glasow , the beatles hairdresser , the lock of hair in a copy of his book a spaniard in the works .
woolmer was found dead in his hotel room in kingston on march , the day after pakistan were knocked out of the cricket world cup in a humiliating defeat to outsiders ireland .
the message also included the persian word khurasan often used in militant videos to describe afghanistan . two security officials told the associated press that a close relative of dadullah had been arrested in the restaurant a few days before tuesday s attack .
imad mughniyeh died in an explosion in a residential section of the syrian capital , damascus , said hezbollah s television station , al manar .
we were kind of concerned about how to match up bras and panties with victims , tennant said . based on the unique descriptions from a couple of women , we can tie him to those thefts .
but the fate of the fund is still pending since the deal could be called off if the separate inspection carried out by state prosecutors uncovers evidence proving lone star s involvement in the manipulation .
in a joint news conference , the us military commander in iraq reaffirmed his belief that iraqi forces could take over security within months .
the winners will be announced on july in lisbon , portugal .
the mccanns , their friends and relatives say they are holding out hope that madeleine is alive and will be found .
the pair are tabloid favorites in britain , where football stars wives and girlfriends rival paris hilton for attention .
but bahamian authorities ordered the inquest amid widespread speculation over the circumstances surrounding his death .
a staggering points separated real and levante before kick off but on the pitch there was little to choose between them before dutch striker van nistelrooy s stole the points with his th and th goals of the campaign .
three colonels , a lieutenant colonel and other personnel were punished following the incident at minot air force base , north dakota , on th august .
a darfur town under the control of sudanese troops has been razed , the u . n . said sunday .
hundreds of thousands have fled or are in hiding from burma s military regime .
this week s talks on the financial issue preceded a new round of nuclear negotiations set to resume next week .
mexican tycoon carlos slim is the world s richest man , worth an estimated . billion , after overtaking microsoft corp . founder bill gates , according to a respected tracker of mexican financial wealth on monday .
until wednesday s auction on the brazil stock exchange , companies such as fortis mostly purchased credits from individual sellers .
possible operation in support of the multidimensional u . n . presence in eastern chad and north eastern central african republic with a view to improving security in those areas .
the waste water vent , which is under the shuttle cabin , in front of the left wing , is used to expel into space both urine and surplus water generated from the shuttle s fuel cell power system .
he identified the victim as soon shineen .
negotiations were hampered by differences over various industry sectors , especially those in vehicles and agriculture .
over the weekend another journalist was attacked .
economists are warning that inflation could rise further in coming months due to food shortages and high costs for coal and other industrial materials before easing later in the year .
one moderating influence , first timers making jobless claims , actually dropped last week .
british military and rescue workers battled to save a major electricity substation on the outskirts of gloucester , england , that serves about , homes .
this material may not be published .
regional newspapers are unsurprised by north korea s insistence it will not scrap its nuclear program until it receives a civilian nuclear reactor , which immediately called into question the agreement reached on monday in the six party talks .
the links between the three attempted car bombings in glasgow and london are becoming ever clearer , the uk s top counter terrorism officer has said .
he and the baby , dannielynn , reside in the bahamas .
the case is set for trial june .
the agreement to open the railway service came on the second day of talks between south korean prime minister han duck soo and north korean premier kim yong il in seoul .
we fear that diarrhea and dysentery may break out , as well as illnesses spread by rats , pakaya said .
the primary vote turnout , conducted at polling stations nationwide , stood at . percent , almost the same as the presidential election .
gordon absher , a spokesman for mgm mirage inc . , which owns the luxor , said the victim was not a company employee .
korea and china reached a tentative agreement on koguryo issue .
congress continued to be misled by reports that readiness levels were high , even after an internal investigation in october last year found that percent of heavy artillery and other weaponry were not fully mission capable .
the problem was discovered late tuesday after the spacecraft dug a trench inside a polygon shaped surface feature that was likely caused by seasonal expansion and shrinking of ice .
the new york senator heard the story during a campaign visit to a family s living room in pomeroy , ohio , in late february .
we normally have ice starting in october , but now we have open water even into december so our island is not protected from the storms .
having attended yonsei university in the mid s , seo said she was shocked that her daughter knew nothing about lee han yeol , the yonsei freshmen who was killed during the protest and became a symbol of the democracy movement .
abu dujana , indonesia s most wanted islamic militant , was arrested on saturday on the island of java .
the women , on their knees , spit the stew into buckets after tasting it .
the mishap was the latest in a string of problems with ana s fleet of canadian made bombardier aircraft .
the envoy left for tokyo earlier tuesday , the first stop on an asia swing taking him also to seoul and beijing .
but it did get mps in the seat body , giving it a simple majority .
so the federal government wants better tracking of dropouts , and more effort to graduate more blacks and hispanics , whose dropout rate is in .
when it comes to campaign commercials , sens . barack obama and hillary clinton are going where no candidate has gone before .
asked if he was fomenting a revolution , he said you are absolutely correct .
insurgents have gotten better at firing into the heavily guarded zone in attacks this year have killed several people .
i was trying to find out , what am i doing wrong here ?
many of his opponents feared him , the way he approached the game . others misunderstood him , many appreciated him and his family loved him . i can only hope and pray that sean s life was not in vain that it might touch others in a special way , chief taylor said .
a bump in capacity from gb to gb and maybe gb is expected , as well as a preview of the software developers toolkit sdk promised for february .
rockers foo fighters and british bands take that and arctic monkeys were all double winners at britain s equivalent of the grammys .
african nation of nigeria , the fourth largest supplier of oil to the united
it comes after people were arrested in london as protesters disrupted the torch relay there on sunday .
but he faced the challenge of winning back the attention of war weary americans more preoccupied with mounting economic troubles and increasingly focused on the race to pick his successor in the november election .
the dodgers set a modern major league record for consecutive home wins at the start of a season , improving to and by blasting washington to . what is it about today , may , , that makes it an odd day ?
mccain said obama did not have an appropriate grasp of the danger iran poses to the u . s .
incorporating our new cnn survey , as well as new tracking numbers from gallup and hotline taken october shows obama leading mccain by points
spanish media reported monday that real madrid have reached an agreement to sign striker klaas jan huntelaar from ajax during the january transfer window .
there is no indication of where it was shot , and cnn cannot verify its authenticity .
we will not accept iran to use iraq to attack the american forces .
this sends a signal to the groups that the world is paying attention now , you can be jailed for life and your assets can be frozen .
columbia , south carolina cnn bmw says it will cut . percent of its work force in germany over two years while increasing production in the u . s . by more than percent by .
in addition , climate researchers are doing forecasts of the pacific ocean phenomenon known as el ni ntilde
they were also using techno savvy web sites such as twitter , google maps and flickr to share individual voting experiences , as well as monitor polling places across the country on tuesday .
the materials were released while the , pupil school was still in shock from cho s shootings , which left people dead , including cho .
obama and soon to be first lady michelle obama are now at the white house for coffee with president bush and laura bush , after leaving church services just a short while ago .
the filipino woman had been shot critically through the lung , he said .
he was responsible for the design of some of the most successful cars in formula history and created the iconic mclaren f supercar .
he also said someone may have brought it up from more southern , tropical areas and released it .
maradona s two goals in that world cup quarterfinal
a u . s . backed invasion in late toppled the hardline taliban regime and ushered in an era of democracy but also saw a number of powerful warlords elevated to high office or seats in parliament .
miss california this morning she is still trying to explain those semi nude photos
president roh moo hyun vowed on tuesday south korea would strongly defend dokdo against japanese claims , defining tokyo s repeated provocation as an act negating this country s complete liberation and independence from its former colonial ruler .
groups of kosovo serbs attacked the two boundary crossings tuesday , setting fire to buildings and cars , unmik united nations mission in kosovo officials said .
saeed jalili , iran s chief nuclear negotiator , made clear that his country is adamant about advancing its nuclear activities .
like many vermonters , deborah lisi baker enjoys the outdoors .
the cats inflicted three serious eye injuries on each other .
the latest experiment was designed to test for minerals that do not have carbon in them .
in malaysia , villages along the coast of sabah state on borneo were also evacuated as part of the drill .
the site says bimbo dollars is the cabbage , bread , the mula you ll need to buy nice things and to get by in bimbo world .
the mine has given the villagers some compensation .
the bush administration has accused iran of working to obtain nuclear weapons , an allegation officials in tehran deny .
more than performers , some who were there the first time around , took the stage sunday in a free concert to commemorate the year san francisco became the world s countercultural capital .
most of those detained had been known to police , mainly for previous violence , according to police .
it s very exciting , he said .
russia opposes the proposed expansion , fearing it will reduce its own influence over its neighbors .
as part of the security clampdown , main roads to the airport were shut and one witness in the city said even loitering on the streets of yangon was considered risky .
there was even a green village populated with electric cars and hybrid vehicles , some with dashboards made from cork the only wood you can harvest without killing the tree .
that would be a very , very heavy cost for , as the epidemiologists tell us , what would be marginal , if any , utility in terms of actually preventing the spread of the virus .
a civilian defecting to the north likely cut holes discovered in barbed wire fences along the southern perimeter of the demilitarized zone , the defense ministry said tuesday , quelling concerns that north korean soldiers had infiltrated the heavily fortified border .
the celebrity couple bought a home in new orleans about a year after katrina struck and became involved in launching the project to help rebuild the city s hardest hit neighborhood .
prince harry is the younger son of prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and the late princess diana , who died in a paris car crash in .
jim carrey has been making audiences laugh for years , but the star says he s really a a weird , serious person .
there are salmonella strains resistant to six different classes of antibiotics , noted becky goldburg , senior scientist at new york based environmental defense .
the u . n . health agency tuesday reached a preliminary agreement tuesday seeking to ensure all countries share their h n virus samples with the world health organization and that poor countries get a portion of future pandemic flu vaccines .
the president s opponents accuse him of aiming to indoctrinate young venezuelans with socialist ideology .
the largest united new democratic party undp and minor parties have used the case to step up their attack on the frontrunner in the presidential race . gnp nominee lee has denied the allegations .
in spite of the health dangers , about . million people smoke out of a population of million with around percent of year olds estimated to smoke , according to figures from the world health organization .
his body will be transferred to ocala , florida , for burial , he said .
while in custody , some of the captives confessed on video to straying into iranian territorial waters .
we live in scary times , said acting gov . richard j . codey , who signed the bill because gov . jon s . corzine is vacationing in the caribbean .
more than one million votes had already been cast before the polls opened on tuesday , either through absentee ballots or early voting that began on january .
many of the survivors are seriously ill from dehydration and lack of oxygen .
again raising the issue of obama s willingness to meet with iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , mccain also said of the illinois senator , he wants to sit down with the president of iran but hasn t yet sat down with gen . petraeus , the leader of our troops in iraq ?
president elect fernando lugo of the patriotic alliance for change is slated to take office on aug . . he has supported duarte s right to resign .
the ranch he took off from covers a huge area , and steve has had far tougher challenges to overcome in the past .
happiness , as i try to argue in the book , tends to slip away from you when you think about it too much .
according to the department of corrections , balfour , , is on parole .
votes by delegates , party members and ordinary citizens who were chosen randomly , account for percent of the total score in selecting the nominee , party officials said .
that same year i made the knute rockne movie , i married jane wyman , another contract player at warners , reagan wrote .
the task began early tuesday in the southern indian city of bangalore and is expected to go on through the night , with surgeons working eight hour shifts .
both men are among the hundreds of thousands of kenyans victimized by a weeklong spate of violence that has left nearly people dead after the nation s disputed presidential election .
he said there had been a reduction in execution style killings and roadside bombs that has boosted the confidence of iraqi security forces . it is sky high , he said .
the findings are reported in a paper called being honest online
the story was similar in seoul , where the kospi index fell two percent .
baghdad , iraq cnn police defused a parked car bomb just outside the northern iraqi city of samarra sunday morning , near where a car bomb exploded the previous day , killing five iraqis and wounding others , samarra police said .
we know they face hardship and disruption and we sympathize with that , but we needed to punish atletico madrid , gaillard said .
abu dujana , who police say is , admits becoming jemaah islamiyah s military chief , but says that happened only after the attacks on western targets .
the earlier deal fell apart saturday when hypo announced that a consortium of unnamed financial institutions had backed out .
of course , the cdc has been the government s lead agency on swine flu , and the virus has now resurfaced in new york , where some newly closed schools are getting a scrubdown
the starfish are about . inch across , with arms about inches long .
the lunar new year travel is china s busiest travel period of the year .
shoppers described scenes of horror as they fled the mall .
buenos aires province governor daniel scioli visited the scene and said it was a day of pain in the province and the nation .
these sorts of things are just not helpful among allied nations .
western powers believe iran wants to develop nuclear weapons , for which enrichment is a key process , but tehran says its plans are for civilian energy .
ding , the farmer in qutang , about kilometers miles upstream from the dam , once had a vegetable field of some , square meters , square feet . he said that now all but square meters , square feet of it is under water .
if forest whitaker fails to win an oscar on sunday for his portrayal of idi amin , it would be only slightly less shocking than if the late dictator was seen walking the ugandan streets again .
police say the couple lives close to the fitness center where the boy turned up monday afternoon .
my friends , this is not going to happen here .
floods were reported in numerous locations elsewhere on java , as well as on sumatra and sulawesi islands .
nearly , u . s . supplied rifles and pistols meant for iraqi security forces are unaccounted for in iraq , according to a report to congress .
more ! raimi who also cowrote the screenplay with his brother ivan is happy to oblige , stacking the movie with no less than three villains
barcelona have points after five rounds from sporting with nine and shakhtar on six .
the nasdaq composite index gained . points , or . percent , to , . .
there are sniffer dogs , and all the other usual precautions are taken .
eduardo would like to once again thank everyone for the overwhelming messages of support he has received .
after years covering politics , i m a hard sell . i ve seen every gimmick known to politicians
we wanted to attack every one of the things that were inhibitors in that first generation system , said jack blumenstein , chief executive of aircell llc , which is providing service for american and virgin .
we are aware that this challenge should be addressed by the government and the people of iraq a responsibility that the government of iraq is working hard to fulfil in spite of all the difficulties .
benedict s predecessor , john paul ii , had beatified alphonsa during a pilgrimage to india in .
railway and highway routes have been brought to a standstill , several regional airports have been closed and many provinces have imposed power brownouts to conserve energy .
we will continue the dialogue , but we would not do anything without their approval .
following pyongyang s nuclear test , washington expressed its opposition to the continuation of the mt .
but hawass said that , based on the estimated dating of the pyramid , he was convinced it belonged to menkauhor .
you have to give them credit .
rick potts , director of the human origins program at the smithsonian institution , said the skulls , while still large and thick boned , are undeniably modern .
but as important as what the document says is what it doesn t say .
hwang woo suk s research activities will not be affected by gerald p . schatten s announcement .
according to skitrain . com , three additional cars are available for charter and one for company retreats .
seoul , south korea ap lee jae gun went through north korea s three year training course for spies , which included swimming nonstop for eight hours and scaling hills with a kilogram pound weight on each ankle and a kilogram pound pack on his back .
tsien was born in new york and received a ph . d . in physiology from cambridge university in .
seinfeld s bee movie is the latest dreamworks animation film to dramatize the secret life of a pesky insect following antz .
by studying how galaxies move , they can calculate how much mass is needed to produce the motions .
in fact , to women are granted early releases from the facility every day , he added . an e mailed message seeking comment from lohan s publicist was not immediately returned .
every standard telephone poll taken in june has shown obama ahead of mccain , with nearly all of them showing obama s margin somewhere between and points , holland said . in most of them , that margin is not enough to give him a lead in a statistical sense , but it appears that june has been a good month for obama .
the two are separated by fewer than delegates , cnn estimates , with obama leading clinton , to , .
the temperature of the planet orbiting virginis is probably about degrees , allowing liquid water in a nice toasty warm bath , marcy says .
focusing on the united states , richard estes , co author of the study , said the findings debunked many myths about what kind of children are involved in the nation s least recognized epidemic .
at one point , gates said employees working on microsoft s zune portable media player admired apple for creating the market for such devices with its hugely successful ipod line .
early reviews of windows , which was leaked to the internet in beta form in late december , have been positive .
but the visit from the gop vice presidential candidate didn t bode well for blues goaltender , manny legace .
instead , the government wants to specify which article in the chapter will be quoted in the resolution .
what the mice are affecting is ability of the albatross to produce enough young to sustain the population , he said .
the appointment of chung has been a controversial issue within the korean music scene .
researchers at monash university in the southern state of victoria are amongst the world leaders in many fields of stem cell research
since she announced her separation from kevin federline in november , spears , the mother of two young sons , has been seen partying with paris hilton , and her appearance has been increasingly sloppy .
the scientists watched the abdopus aculeatus octopus , which are the size of an orange , for several weeks and published their findings recently in the journal marine biology .
a second person was killed in that pileup .
actual monetary gain coming out of kidnappings , but we do see them trying to use kidnappings to hold whole communities hostage .
williams moved out of the man s way and quickly motioned for the nearest security officer to come to him .
the president plans to replace the prime minister and several ministers involved in the controversial beef deal , including those who deal with agriculture , health , foreign and economic policies , according to a report by yonhap , the south korean news agency .
japanese scientists at the japan space elevator association are working seriously on the space elevator project .
ambassador fu ying had been due to be one of the people carrying the olympic flame across the british capital on sunday , and her participation had drawn the ire of pro tibet groups angry at china s clampdown on protesters there .
eighth grader michelle wie was never a factor , missing several short putts to finish seven shots back after a final round .
so that everybody can decide what the new seven wonders should be and not some government , not some individuals , not some institutions , he said .
a video from a group calling itself the imam ali brigades was aired on the network and showed a middle aged man with a gun aimed at his head .
n . k officials overseas are no longer wearing badges portraying kim joun il .
so far this morning , senate democratic leader harry reid has just come out just a moment ago to report that lawmakers are making progress .
starting next year , usfk servicemen convicted of doing so may face stiff penalties of time in jail and a dishonorable discharge .
los angeles , california cnn singer britney spears visitation rights with her children were suspended thursday until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex husband kevin federline .
north korean officials have never admitted that kim has been ill .
i could barely speak to bill , and when i did , it was a tirade .
even after an extra army brigade gets to afghanistan early next year , general david mckiernan says three times that many reinforcements are necessary to fight what appears to be a growing insurgency .
night surfing is incredible to watch or take part in on the south shore .
market watchers say import prices for crude oil are usually determined one month before the shipment is made .
barton was arrested at his sydney home in june last year during a series of raids in which police seized some , ecstasy tablets worth around million australian dollars us million . million .
a texas jury found andrea yates guilty of capital murder , rejecting her claim that she was insane when she drowned her five children in a bathtub after more than three weeks of testimony , including complex and often conflicting statements from prosecution and defense psychiatrists , the verdict from the jury of eight women and four men came quickly , after three hours and minutes of deliberation .
this is her recitation for the next six hours , as she darts around in her worn blue plastic sandals , knowing that danger could be there at any turn , even in this more affluent neighborhood .
sources believed the refugees , who were arrested while seeking diplomatic asylum at south korean missions in beijing , were deported over the weekend as part of a toughening in communist china s attitude toward north korean defectors .
violent protests ensued after results were announced sunday and the number of dead has surpassed people .
lawyers for the inquest also read statements by people who thought they heard squealing tires and a crash behind them in the pont d alma tunnel , where the couple s car slammed into a pillar , but could not see what happened .
all rights reserved .
courthouse officials are on the lookout for suspicious activity .
the reconciliation pact calls for north and south korean leaders to meet often for discussions , including a visit by a high ranking north korean official to seoul in november .
russia s black sea resort of sochi was awarded the olympics on wednesday , rewarding president vladimir putin and taking the winter games to his country for the first time .
the school opened last year .
the blast occurred just hours after a grenade detonated inside sri lanka s central zoo sunday morning , wounding at least six people .
a reporter who asked military officials why laurean hadn t been taken into custody after lauterbach reported the alleged rape was told there were indications that lauterbach and laurean carried on some sort of friendly relationship after she filed the complaint against him .
clashes between bangladeshi police and students demanding an end to emergency rule spilled into the streets of the capital wednesday , prompting the government to impose an indefinite curfew .
his medium may be a beloved kid s toy , but some of his signature pieces are incredibly grown up .
odyssey had previously been searching off the spanish coast , but suspended operations there in after complaints from the spanish government .
rafael nadal s clay court supremecy continued on thursday , with the spaniard winning his th match from on the surface to reach the quarterfinals of the barcelona open .
last night , the new first couple attended inaugural balls .
detroit , michigan cnn kim fenske drives a bus in colorado by day , but when he s not working , he zooms around the mountains in a toyota prius .
three of the couples are raising children , others are planning families , and all want the responsibilities of marriage and the protections only marriage can provide , according to the organization .
.
his comments come as us calls for a rapid troop withdrawal gather strength .
in afghanistan our alliance is being particularly tested , merkel said .
scratching posts , bottles of citrus spray , even little plastic covers for the nails of her two cats .
give cash rewards to anyone who finds security flaws .
leaders of european nations that use the euro have come up with a tentative plan to help unfreeze the credit market .
to promote domestic adoption , the government has decided to allow single households to adopt a child from next year .
at last they pulled out the marble and a note you finally found it , you f r . whatever you do , be careful not to cross the line into illegal behavior .
the study looks at the responsiveness of drinking .
strange as it may sound , putin said , the united states and russia have even strengthened ties a point that bush was happy to echo .
writing in the journal icarus , the researchers said the gravitational attraction of ring particles to each other creates clumps , or self gravity wakes .
palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas has welcomed blair s appointment which was delayed because of russia s reservations .
the identity theft issue caught korea , the most wired country on the planet , off guard in february , when complaints piled up that hackers were stealing private data from millions of korean people .
president elect barack obama , in his weekly radio address , is calling for quick action in congress on an economic recovery plan that could cost as much as billion .
iraqi contractors were responsible for building the school , which was intended to bring in hundreds of girls .
pavarotti had surgery for the cancer in july in new york and has not made any public appearances since then .
jerry bolander , capitol hill .
hillary , who was , died at auckland city hospital on january .
uefa spokesman william gaillard acknowledged liverpool s concerns but said they had no choice .
tuesday s announcement marks mattel s third major toy recall of chinese made products because of lead paint in a matter of a month .
thus , they are very rarely seen , according to the world wildlife fund web site .
this picture of the early universe is a gold mine , charles bennett , wmap principal investigator at the goddard space flight center in greenbelt , md . , said after the national aeronautics and space administration released the picture tuesday . the patterns in the picture tell us all kinds of things about the universe .
two daughters , rebecca and rachel his brother bernie and six grandchildren .
gadiesh suggests using an internal compass .
we are shoulder to shoulder with iraqi security forces in this fight , said brig . gen . mick bednarek , commander of operation arrowhead ripper . arrowhead ripper is one operation in a drive to take on insurgents in the towns and villages ringing baghdad .
australia has experienced some success in under age tournaments and another factor likely to build the strength of the lads from down under is their world cup bid for .
every now and then , they may have an alcoholic beverage .
two months later the remains of his canoe washed up .
if production units and studios were scrambling , other businesses benefited from the disruption caused by the fires .
the lava is spewing hundreds of feet into the air , with the volcanic ash also rising a thousand feet in the air , allan said .
the defendants in switzerland s largest corporate trial had all denied charges that included damaging creditors , mismanagement , making false business statements and forging documents .
the princeton professor who won this year s nobel prize in economics is not so sure about the way the government is adding another billion to the pot to prop up citigroup , one of the biggest banks in the country .
one u . s . soldier and one iraqi soldier were killed and another u . s . soldier and iraqi soldier were wounded saturday , officials said .
a small town police chief in central texas has been fired from his job and thrown into jail after allegedly tasering his wife during an argument .
tens of thousands of rooms will not be taken up by world cup fans while fifa s ticket agent over estimated demand .
robert gibbs with the obama campaign told the cbs early show the attack was misleading and unfair .
stiles was driving a white buick century without a license plate , police said .
it makes you play at a fast pace , and you know , that s something i like to do very much you know , play at a fast pace and i was able to know to keep my composure out there , and know just play fast and know , and either get a basket or get it done .
a ban on lighting up in bars , restaurants and coffeehouses will be implemented next year .
the governor has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing .
in april and may last year , the nation of million descended into chaos when fighting between police and army forces morphed into gang warfare , looting and arson , killing people and driving , from their homes .
we thought the situation was calming a couple of days ago , but once again the mountain gorillas are in peril and the rangers cannot do their job , the director of wildlifedirect , dr . emmanuel de merode , said in a statement .
muslim leaders have urged politicians to show respect for immigrant communities .
karzai finished his speech and his security detail whisked him off by helicopter to kabul , witnesses and officials said .
it doesn t get energy from anywhere but the gas tank , said coquillette .
for instance , it s easy to find out what your state s song or flower is , but it s not so easy to find out if your kid s school buses are safe .
despite these developments , you could be excused for thinking it all sounds a little far fetched .
mine that bird squeezed through a tiny hole along the rail to go from the back to the front .
denver fire division chief patrick hynes says his crew had his their hands full when they got to the plane
no motive was given .
we have expressed our deep concern for what happens in tibet .
if confirmed they will be turkey s first cases outside the eastern region of van , about , km away .
russian president vladimir putin has declared his party s controversial parliamentary victory a mandate to cement power .
rctv had the nation s widest audience , counting million of million venezuelans as viewers of its programming , which included soap operas as well as news .
chaebol lg , projected on tuesday that a full fledged mobile . era will start here in a couple of years .
it said rebels then selected six of the passengers and led them into the nearby jungle .
trading was light as investors waited reports of a new federal reserve scheme to break the log jam in the credit markets .
guns n roses and one miffed front man .
before the supreme court s decision , no executions had taken place nationwide for seven months .
the sign also said we want housing and schooling for kids in a daycare center . watch the bus and the telephone that s been placed for the hostage takers to use
despite its name , oktoberfest begins in late september .
frost and nixon mostly sat together talking .
many people don t realize exactly what this surgery is .
clark , who has also resigned as head of the labor party , will remain in parliament .
the firebrand cleric s mandate came as a baghdad security spokesman announced that a ban on civilian vehicular traffic will go into effect monday , the fourth anniversary of the fall of baghdad .
the workers already have weeded out , tons of algae covering parts of the coastal area set aside for the sailing events , state media reported sunday .
wyman died at her palm springs home , said richard adney of forest lawn memorial park and mortuary in cathedral city .
statistics showed that about koreans out of every , committed suicide in , making suicide the fourth most common cause of death .
the plan to blanket chicago s square miles with wireless internet access was announced early last year when chicago leaders said they hoped to become one of the largest cities to offer all over access to the web .
market capitalization grew by trillion won to , trillion won .
newborns cry to communicate their needs , so it s best to respond to their signals promptly .
the government told frustrated evacuees that they were creating a safer place for them to stay .
they always wear red , pin up their hair in topknots and a third eye is painted on their forehead .
engine problems stranded two men on a boat in the atlantic one recent afternoon .
the sanctions , imposed last year , led to the freezing of some m of north korean funds .
thai rak thai once a seemingly unstoppable force in thai politics has been hit by a mass exodus of members since the coup .
a canadian jogger suffered wishbone shaped chest and neck burns , ruptured eardrums and a broken jaw when lightning traveled through his music player s wires .
north korea is ready to start dismantling its nuclear programs following the shutdown its sole operating reactor , a north korean diplomat said sunday , as long as the united states lifts all sanctions against the communist nation .
venezuela s first satellite roared into space thursday from a launching pad in southwest china .
amnesty for gross violations of human rights and for war crimes shouldn t exist , tom koenigs , the u . n . s special representative to afghanistan , told reporters monday .
australia s foreign minister has told an inquiry that he was not aware of reports that wheat exporters were making illegal payments to iraq .
seoul , south korea cnn the south korean trade minister plans to meet with his u . s . counterpart this week and may announce more negotiations of a deal that has imperiled the south korean government , state media reported thursday .
their boat struck a rock and drifted for two days before being spotted by south korean vessels off the east coast of the peninsula , yonhap reported .
the us said at the time four people died during a military operation , but iraqi police claimed that us troops had deliberately shot the people .
williams , who had been in london on business , was driving home through the english countryside when a police officer stopped him and wanted to know two things
he also said new parliamentary elections could be held as early as june , instead of in november as scheduled .
we re told the fire has grown since last night , mainly because of the wind , and some brush that hasn t burned in years .
hop on , a small company based in garden grove , california , said this week it had won u . s . regulatory approval to sell its first phones , clearing the way for a nationwide introduction of a no frills recyclable phone for prepaid mobile calling .
instead , the bush administration hopes that it can help more than half of the two million homeowners who took out adjustable rate subprime loans with payments due to move sharply higher soon by offering some of them a five year mortgage rate freeze .
since kabul s administration did not listen to our demand and did not free our prisoners , the taliban shot dead a male korean hostage , qari mohammad yousuf told reuters by phone from an unknown location . cnn was unable to confirm the report .
an elderly woman sobbed as she tried to dig into the ruins with her bare hands , and a police officer held back a crying teenage boy who tried to approach the building , the ap reported .
the new south wales state supreme court dismissed the lawsuit , which sought up to . million in damages .
the day special probe will start jan .
the electricity system has shifted into emergency mode to cope with soaring demand , largely from people using air conditioning , and outages due to sub stations overheating .
le clezio told the interviewer his books were less a matter of expressing ideas , and more an expression of his beliefs .
return of the jedi ended even more cheerily .
outside organisation , a pr company helping to publicize the tour , said in a statement that prince would be performing his greatest hits for the very last time , but the artist did not confirm the claim .
calmer winds overnight eased the situation , but forecasters say they ll likely pick up again .
at this point , mccormack said , u . s . officials have no indication the man is being held by any iranian entity .
the goal is to increase options for human heart patients .
they re the most improved airline from last year to this year .
he was referring to korea s complaints about actions taken by the united states in retaliation for alleged dumping and government subsidies by foreign companies and nations in export trade to the united states , and to u . s . complaints about korea s health insurance coverage of drugs .
muslim groups say the pageant promotes sexual promiscuity and indecency .
it canceled another moon shot , lunar a , that was to have been launched in but had been repeatedly postponed because of mechanical and fiscal problems , ap reported .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in the film , he draws a contrast between president bush and his father , former president george h . w . bush , whom stone says was a far more diplomatic commander in chief . we went to war in iraq and he did not go all the way , referring to the elder bush .
the announcement comes as pakistan s government faces what gates called increased efforts by al qaeda .
this is going to be a major storm .
the gunman in that incident is still being sought by police .
iran and the iaea previously held talks in july and earlier this month .
food , water , medicine and electricity shortages have been reported throughout gaza during the campaign , in which nearly palestinians have been killed and another , wounded , according to medical sources .
, but the army said they could not confirm that .
the sea shepherd crew have been pursuing the japanese fleet with the aim of using direct action to disrupt the hunt .
obama had a substantial lead over hillary clinton in virginia , and mccain was ahead of mike huckabee by about points , according to cnn projections .
in the complaint filed in miami , florida , ashley alexandra dupre says she was vacationing in miami beach when she was approached by agents and representatives of the defendant , joe francis , and offered alcoholic drinks .
small , who s , says that as he gets older , he might also try eating more foods with curry in them .
it is the first study to demonstrate this association , rand said .
in earlier play on sunday , atletico madrid enhanced their claims for a champions league spot with a tempestuous victory over neighbors getafe as four players were sent off .
beckham then killed the game with two superb crosses after the re start , sending the first into the area from deep and allowing crouch to cleverly head past poom on the bounce for his goal in internationals .
and then , seemingly out of nowhere , along came microsoft .
about six of the protesters scaled an inner wall and entered the main embassy compound where they chained themselves to a flag post and waved the tibetan flag .
she did rack up more than million votes in the primary .
back at the international potato center in peru , where potatoes were first cultivated , years ago , they re trying to provide farmers with poor resources some help in cultivating more and better potatoes .
all that mattered at the moment was winning at cog hill for the fourth time .
in the defendant wesley snipes , the court is presented with a wealthy , famous and inveterate tax scofflaw . if ever a tax offender was deserving of being held accountable to the maximum extent for his criminal wrongdoing , snipes is that defendant , it says .
talking with reporters on monday , lee angrily denied the accusations , even suggesting the existence of a force inside the prosecution that is out to get him .
wen was to head straight to abe s office for talks on issues ranging from rice to disputes over history and territory .
dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank .
at least were injured monday in suffolk , where a twister destroyed several homes and businesses , said bob spieldenner of the virginia department of emergency management .
in his victory speech sarkozy claimed he would be the president of all the french . he said the right wing government of the us could count on france s friendship .
the presidential commission on suspicions in the military was opened last month to shed light on the dark side of the military and has started to deal with petitions from families that were received this year .
his staff claims that that amount covered his part of the fees for the entire time , but the receipt issued by the association says it paid for only july through december .
low lying areas of bangladesh could face more flooding this weekend as a tropical cyclone that has killed hundreds heads inland , a forecaster said friday .
the bbc reports north korea has tested a number of missiles in quick succession , one of which was a long range weapon which failed seconds into flight .
because art is important .
they are accused of shooting a disabled man in hamandiya in april , and covering up the circumstances of his death .
she was seen going out with paris hilton and lindsay lohan after filing for divorce from aspiring rapper kevin federline last november , just two months after giving birth to their second child , jayden james .
i think he could get an extraordinary achievement which would help average americans have health coverage .
spain and italy tie in fourth place with six entries apiece .
hadn t it always taken care of its people , even those who were only minimally competent ?
they had been attending a regional forum in the city of colon , the official said .
he told the story of a professor devastated by the deaths of several of his students at norris hall , where cho killed students and faculty members before turning the gun on himself .
two koreas agreed on unified team for asian game .
abu reesha was a prime target for al qaeda militants and other terrorist groups because of his visible alliance with the u . s . coalition .
the olympic torch relay is scheduled to pass through london this sunday on its way to the olympics in beijing , china , and brown said he would be there to welcome it .
eta , which is classed as a terrorist group by the us and the european union , declared an indefinite ceasefire in but peace talks broke down and the bombing campaign resumed a year later .
the global times , a newspaper published by the communist party mouthpiece china daily , said the raid on january was the largest of its kind in over a year .
the leading house democrat congressman barney frank says the government should secure veto power over the company s business decisions as part of any aid .
people are saying they re rooting for harry , they want him to survive .
indonesia s environment minister said tuesday that global warming was to blame after the capital of jakarta was partially flooded , forcing thousands of people to flee homes and cutting off a highway to the international airport .
internal briefing papers prepared by the army s psychiatry consultant earlier this month show there were confirmed suicides last year and deaths that are suspected suicides and still under investigation .
mckiernan says that pentagon has already certified another three brigade combat teams as a requirement .
at some point the other cheetah attacked her as well , ferraro said .
authorities , meanwhile , continued their hunt for dissidents and their supporters .
water and air , the two most ubiquitous natural resources on the planet , will be the focus for increasingly bitter political disputes , both between countries and within national boundaries in the coming decade .
such as guarana and ginseng from the drinks , making them simply alcoholic beverages instead of alcoholic energy beverages , the company and the attorneys general said .
clinton currently trails obama across all fronts superdelegates , pledged delegates and the popular vote , according to cnn s latest estimates .
japan s benchmark nikkei index fell nearly percent , erasing much of its . percent jump from friday .
he would patrol the desert in a scimitar light reconnaissance tank .
it started as a religious sect , but over the years has morphed into a gang that runs protection rackets particularly in the slums .
now , the obamas are moving into the white house .
heavy security flanked torchbearer senichi hoshino , manager of the japanese national baseball team , as he started the relay in nagano home of the winter olympic games .
french foreign minister bernard kouchner said paris will not abandon efforts to free betancourt and that he planned to travel to the region soon .
after investigation the final charges will be ascertained , he added .
all this research into sex and love got the researchers thinking
the ap s rita foley is live in washington to tell us about it .
meanwhile , u . s . officials asserted they had resolved a separate financial dispute that has stymied progress in the arms talks , but it was unclear how the north would respond .
the tech fueled nasdaq charts composite lost . percent .
we didn t have foster families in those days .
after spending two months in jail , chung was released on bail of billion won in june .
those states marked the final contests in the primary season .
the report said mccready scratched inge on the face during the disturbance .
when he died in , his family barely knew they were there .
economic shock gives rise to coupon cutting
restructure and become competitive , or those loans will be called .
london , england ap first came the queen , now the iron lady is getting the british film treatment .
deaths from alaska were compared with data from other states to control for nationwide factors , such as population growth and advanced medical care .
three days after their release , iran released more video of the britons smiling and playing games during their detention .
as a result of an extended rifle season and the introduction of an archery season , the number of bears killed through hunting has risen from , in to , in .
his widow naina , dressed in a black veil and her eyes puffy from crying , sat in a pew next to their daughter tatyana dyachenko .
the event takes place in a public park in eastern baghdad , ringed with security checkpoints .
the american embassy in yemen was the target of a mortar attack tuesday , the u . s . state department said , contradicting a suggestion from the yemeni government the attack targeted a school where were injured .
new river valley is one of four hospitals treating students wounded in the shooting spree that left students and faculty members dead . audio slide show
on the broader national stock exchange , the company s p nifty index plunged points , or . percent , to , points .
it also said evaporation rates for some inland rivers would increase by percent .
would you rather be a novel or a poem ? what would you do if you were a magpie ?
the suspects allegedly used internet newsgroups and large file sharing networks to trade and share images and videos .
the committee s chairman , rep . henry waxman , said , someone isn t telling the truth .
benedict has an unusually busy schedule this week
lamin said he found the letters as he was clearing out his parents home several years ago .
the pair are consuelo gonzalez , a colombian politician who had been in custody for more than years , and clara rojas , an aide to fellow hostage and former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt . the rebels have not agreed to release betancourt .
the study by researchers from the university of california , berkeley , who journeyed off the coast of indonesia found that wild octopuses are far from the shy , unromantic loners their captive brethren appear to be .
the surgery involved the removal of the extra limbs and the repositioning of lakshmi s organs .
some airports offer paid services to mail objects home .
carbon dating of the ostracon , along with pottery analysis , dates the inscription to time of king david , about a millennium earlier than the famous dead sea scrolls , the university said .
mori , from the small town of shizuoka at the base of mount fuji , won the cheers of the mexico city audience when she opened her interview , saying hola , mexico !
since the remarks made by the researchers were aired during an interview with ytn , a cable news network , mbc has been severely pounded by citizens , politicians and scientists .
as a leader , i ll be a higher up .
how great a singer was levi stubbs ?
shevell is also a vice president of new england motor freight inc . , a new jersey firm run by her father , mike shevell .
traffic from the heavily traveled interstates was being diverted onto alternate routes where visibility was better .
bracing for the storm
he has also called on all its offices to co operate with the security forces and exercise self control .
for the third time this year , mauresmo s grand slam dreams were ripped apart by a czech opponent lucie safarova beating her at melbourne park in january and roland garros last month .
recombivax hb or engerix b
police fired on an angry mob , killing two people , in the city of khairpur in the sindh province , geo tv reported .
studies show that germs can travel easily on an airplane , where people are packed together like sardines .
many of the victims were burned beyond recognition , and officials said they may need weeks , perhaps months , to identify them by dna tests .
south korean government officials in afghanistan have focused their efforts on trying to change the demands of the taliban to something within its capabilities .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said the attack did not mean the security operation had failed .
heavy fighting has continued throughout the day in gaza after militants of the palestinian group hamas attacked posts held by their fatah faction rivals .
prosecutors claim to have evidence that lee played a key role in underestimating the bank s value .
critics and supporters of the war in iraq have been trading blows in washington in a political battle that shows every sign of intensifying .
it is pulling its forces back from front line positions , and reducing its forces to , by the end of . neighboring north korea will also be on the agenda .
clinton was asked whether his remarks comparing obama s strong showing in south carolina to that of jesse jackson in had been a mistake given their impact on his wife sen . hillary clinton s campaign .
the survey came as a mid term check on the government s five year plan to address foreign residents complaints and improve their livelihood here . the plan was launched in as part of the roh moo hyun administration s ambitious strategy to globalize korea .
but house speaker nancy pelosi , a california democrat , said thursday s mixed report on the progress of the war shows it s time for american troops to come home .
all those unions believe revenue from content offered on the internet , cell phones and other platforms will grow tremendously in the years ahead , even though it s now minuscule compared with dvd sales .
this is the issue of using bad information to get legitimate documents .
us intelligence agencies said they were checking the reports .
despite calls for a boycott , however , many are still lining up for the film s action packed thrills and sometimes out of plain curiosity over all the fuss .
but the chances of such military action raises great concerns in the united states , which fears it would undermine the stability of the american backed government in baghdad and jeopardize the supply lines that support u . s . troops in iraq .
police dubbed the dead girl baby grace , and asked the public for help in identifying her .
that was the president a short time ago , speaking to the national academy of sciences as he outlined his administration s science research agenda .
almeida , , was the girlfriend of senna , a former subsistence farmer and butcher , before he became rich .
the figure is up . percent from some . million outbound passengers in the same period last year , when overseas travel diminished in the aftermath of the global outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , sars .
the khmer rouge s former head of state , khieu samphan , has been charged with war crimes and crimes against humanity at a un backed tribunal in cambodia .
it s been widely reported that fox and disney are likely to make movies available on itunes for overnight rental at to for hours or for purchase for roughly the price of a shrink wrapped dvd .
there s no way we can be sure at this time how many cases are shigella and how many cases are ebola , said gregory hartl , a who spokesman .
nato made several video excerpts available to cnn .
a teenage boy holding a severed head appeared at a police station in northern japan on tuesday , saying he killed his mother , an official said .
it is the third largest film festival in the uk , touring in almost different uk locations after london , showing to an audience of approximately , people each year .
he was walking by himself in a heavy downpour on an otherwise deserted beach , she said .
kibaki s slim margin of victory is a marked difference from his win five years ago , in a landslide election .
the woman told the operator she would fasten the last riders into the car , and the new operator , whose name wasn t immediately available , stepped into a booth and started the ride , tartaglia said .
the challenge , again , was to touch these squares in the proper sequence .
asian stocks fell sharply wednesday morning after wall street took a nosedive due to disappointment over the u . s . federal reserve s smaller than expected cut in its key rate .
sharapova , plagued this season by a right shoulder injury that has limited her to one tournament title , used a shortened service action to ease the strain and was pleased with the results .
berkshire also has major investments in such companies as coca cola co . and anheuser busch cos .
thick black smoke billowed up into the sky and ambulances raced to the location with sirens wailing .
christopher hill , u . s . assistant secretary of state told a forum in washington on thursday that his government is open to discussions on a peace treaty to replace the armistice agreement that was signed at the end of the korean war .
analysts say mrs clinton needs to win the contests , in texas and ohio , to remain in the race to choose the democratic candidate for november s presidential election .
they indicated there could be a danger to bhutto , who was targeted by a deadly suicide bomb attack on october in karachi as supporters greeted her return from a self imposed
flinchum grew up in the blacksburg area and began his law enforcement career at virginia tech , signing on with the university s police department while a student at the school in .
sporting were reduced to men when rui patricio was sent off for pulling down krkic bojan , the youngster getting up to slot home the resulting penalty in the rd minute to round off the scoring .
the study involved , men and women who were ages to when they had checkups between and .
they only made a week while filming , followed by decades of recognition , carroll told the associated press by phone before the ceremony .
dozens of police officers were scouring the campus and surrounding streets .
in nakuru , miles northwest of the capital , people have been killed and hundreds more have been wounded by gang members wielding machetes and clubs since violence broke out thursday .
atlanta , georgia cnn an atlanta man fatally shot his ex girlfriend tuesday at the cnn center complex in downtown atlanta , georgia , before being shot by a security officer , police said .
a minute s silence was held in the provincial capital banda aceh to mark the exact moment the first waves came ashore , and a siren then sounded , part of indonesia s new tsunami warning system .
l . l . bean , for one , has built the business on it .
pkk spokesman abdul rahman al chadarchi confirmed the attack and said the rebel fighters sustained no casualties , according to a report from the associated press .
brown has said ex boyfriend eddie murphy is the father . the year old dreamgirls star has said he s not sure . brown has said there s absolutely no question that eddie is the father .
hundreds of people scrambled to the second floors of their houses to escape the rising waters .
a television crew from al hurra network was conducting an interview with an iraqi lawmaker at the time of the blast , which it captured on video .
spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero said justice had been done .
the main issue at the talks in beijing is the fate of japanese people abducted by north korea in the s and s .
a new study says our kids are less likely to graduate from high school than we were .
youths barricaded streets and set fire to cars , protesting the demolition of a building in the free wheeling christiania district .
minutes later brown , who has served as finance minister for years , will travel to the palace where the queen will invite him to form a government .
philips , the world s largest lighting company , uses ultraviolet light for the water purifier and leds , or light emitting diodes , for the illuminating glass surface .
she has been treated in the past for pericarditis , a viral inflammation of the heart .
returning to base camp as the man who took the first step onto the top of the world s highest peak , he declared we knocked the bastard off .
she was the widow of lyndon baines johnson , sworn in as the nation s th president on november , , just hours after president john f . kennedy s assassination .
the rise in key money , the traditional deposit made to lease an apartment in lieu of monthly rent , began in northern seoul .
sen . john mccain strongly criticized sen . barack obama wednesday for not visiting iraq in more than two years and for turning down the arizona senator s suggestion that the two should make a joint trip to the country .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
of the u . s . soldiers who died since friday , eight were killed saturday in roadside bomb attacks .
in fact , when discussing the future of the airport it is now appropriate to consider both conventional air travel hubs we are familiar with , as well as the imminent spaceports .
among birds mortality is close to percent , with many of the infected animals dying on the same day they were infected .
u . s . fed cuts key interest rate
malta became a member the following month .
duch is the first of five suspects whom prosecutors have asked the tribunal to investigate over their role in the brutal khmer rouge regime .
park is the first south korean to win a medal at the biggest international swimming event outside of the olympics .
in may , the swiss guards commander and his wife were shot dead in their vatican apartment .
testifying in front of the committee this morning , caird e . rexroad , from the agricultural research service , said that although his agency has a variety of theories as to what might be causing ccd , it believes stress on the bees might be the major motive .
shehu sani of the kaduna based civil rights congress said he watched a crowd stab one young man , then force a tire filled with gasoline around his neck and burn him alive .
the islamic insurgency , the indian security force actions to subdue it , and a population that is growing despite , deaths in the conflict since have all taken a toll on the beautiful landscape .
cnn the palestinian leadership was further split sunday as president mahmoud abbas swore in a temporary cabinet for his emergency government , a move described by a hamas official as illegal and outside abbas authority .
it would be better if the person who made this was open about who they are so we can judge fully whether it is genuinely a piece of voter generated content or a dirty trick .
some said they were required to report the serial numbers on their ballots to mugabe s zimbabwe african national union patriotic front .
wambach s two goals , and two more from lori chalupny and heather o reilly , gave the united states a comfortable win .
his closest political aide is among a dozen members of his inner circle who have been caught up in various scandals .
the short range homemade missiles are fired from palestinian territories into israel communities on almost a daily basis .
and that concerns scientists , who tell the world health organization it ll be mid summer at the earliest before manufacturers can start pumping out h n vaccine .
it s tough to drag the kids away from a resort like this , but there s so much for families to see and do in and around the seven towns that make up the palm springs desert resorts www . palmspringsusa . com .
officials said they killed the pigs over worries that they would weaken the levee .
tens of thousands of women were employed to provide cheap sex to u . s . troops until the spring of , when gen . douglas macarthur shut the brothels down .
the campaign has been fierce compared to previous presidential races , and the election buzz was inescapable on the streets of paris , cnn s jim bittermann reported .
russian special forces used a sedative gas before storming the theatre .
she canceled a series of british concerts and postponed a tour of the u . s . and canada after british media reported that she was in and out of rehab recently .
christopher hill of the united states and kim kye gwan of north korea met in germany s capital without the presence of china , which is hosting the six party talks and often arranged meetings between the two hostile players .
after the incident , thabo mbeki , south african president , ordered a safety audit of all the country s mines .
listen closely as the boy says he ran to tell a friend about the bloody scene he discovered at home
his remarks came after ahn sang soo , the floor leader of the governing grand national party gnp , pressed cronies of former president roh to quit their posts so that they do not become a hindrance to the new administration .
based on those principles , i intend to build my relationship with the state duma . i expect that you will take the same attitude and the same approach .
joseph shoplack stayed at a red cross shelter saturday night in southwick .
it is a longtime paradox in peru , where the economy expanded percent in for the ninth year in a row .
but on some sites , comments posted in response to a new topic or a news report can still be posted anonymously .
the six rectangular tables with built in inch flat screens using microsoft surface technology were installed in a lounge at the rio all suite hotel casino in las vegas , with custom applications built for harrah s .
simpson s armed robbery and kidnapping case .
her latest movie , georgia rule , is in theaters .
the quartet laid wreaths at the foot of a massive french flag that soared over the ground between two large fields of crosses marking graves .
in further bad news for the us economy on wednesday , orders for durable goods , which include everything from washing machines to commercial jets , fell by a bigger than expected . .
hundreds of the addresses tracked back to users in germany , france and the united states .
the idf confirmed israeli military activity near the sufa crossing , where a spokeswoman said two gunmen were killed .
farther inland is the murge , scorched highlands grooved by canyons where , in the middle ages , people built cave dwellings as homes and churches when they fled from pirates .
arafat s health has worsened sharply again .
in keeping with recent tradition , the secret service will place a brand new presidential limousine into service january to drive the new president on the mile jaunt down pennsylvania avenue during the inaugural parade .
and according to a recent cnn poll , topics al gore class cnninlinetopic gore is the choice of percent of likely democratic voters , putting him in third place , behind sen . hillary clinton percent and sen . barack obama percent .
the department said about homes in the malibu area were evacuated .
london crude rebounded after sliding following u . s . government data that showed a crude supplies rising and refiners ramping up gasoline output to meet summer holiday driving demand .
reports surfaced last fall that tehran was trying to produce , centrifuges and expected to meet the goal by march of this year .
too far along to have an abortion in romania
three of the governor s bodyguards were also killed and three others were wounded .
but i don t know what s going on in
the radar expands israel s warning time of an iranian missile strike .
yes , we miss steve , but phil handled everything well . i m here to see what apple s doing next , not how much weight steve has lost .
they may be reluctant , but kids in locust grove , georgia , can give up their trick or treat loot for some cold , hard cash .
for the study , a distance of about inches or more was considered high .
the papers also reveal the company struck it big in with contracts totaling more than million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police .
one of the turbine s three blades had gone .
but the authorities have not yet confirmed whether the seosan chickens were infected with the highly virulent strain .
. the s in tsa doesn t stand for security . it was some summer for the transportation security administration .
they will come home after south korea sends the new deployment of up to , troops to the kurdish region of northern iraq later this year .
in , french doctors performed the world s first partial face transplant on a year old woman who was disfigured when she was attacked by a dog .
these deaths are typically attributed to sectarian violence in the capital between shiite and sunni muslims .
bartz declined to discuss details of her plans for yahoo .
i got his attention with a letter , bush told reporters friday , referring to kim .
all uefa members will compete for the places open to european teams .
but he said that starting a war would be a catastrophic mistake .
you can feel intense elation when you re high on cocaine .
tendai biti , secretary general of mdc , also said that talks are not under way between mdc and mugabe s zanu pf party .
another breaking story now
microsoft set the clock ticking for yahoo to accept its billion buyout offer in a letter to the internet pioneer s board saturday , warning that if a deal wasn t reached by april the software maker would launch a hostile takeover at a less attractive price .
taitung is in the southeast of the island , where preparations for the onslaught have been under way for days as the storm approached from the sea , swiping the philippines on the way .
hasselhoff was treated in a hospital for alcoholism in october .
his shoulders slump a little and his energy may seem sapped .
kim min kyung , a south korean student at virginia tech reached by telephone from seoul , said there were some koreans at the school , including korean americans . she said she had never met the shooter cho . fearing retaliation , she said south korean students were gathering in groups as it could be dangerous .
but malaysia s attorney general abdul gani patail claimed that the case had nothing to do with race .
the race track is one venue they don t expect to sell out .
two men are struck at least times each .
the violations in hubei province are leaving local family planning officials powerless , the beijing morning post reported .
google , the world s primary internet search engine , is likely to face a damages suit in south korea in connection with its context based online advertisements , dubbed adsense .
most saudi arabia citizens interviewed in a poll oppose terrorism and want closer ties with the united states .
washington cnn a smiling pope benedict xvi arrived in the united states on tuesday afternoon to start the six day , two city journey that will take him from the white house to the halls of the united nations .
even for a halfhearted hiker , it is inspiring almost any walk can end with the chance to swim in a river pool beneath a sparkling cascade .
we didn t know the severity of the situation that was happening in the seats
messenger spacecraft will be launched to explore mercury .
the couple is not married but announced an engagement several months ago .
he also barred the exes from making derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party s family or significant other during the case .
he based the series on his time as a med student at harvard .
the dollar has fallen to yet another all time low against the euro , after further weak us economic data .
he received the late pope john paul ii in athens in on the first papal visit to greece in nearly , years .
obama s former rival for the democratic nomination , sen . hillary clinton said in a statement that we are celebrating an historic victory for the american people .
hawkins body was found on the third floor of the von maur store inside westroads mall .
yelled one young buddhist monk , according to the associated press , one of the news organizations allowed on the tour .
while the overall death rate from heart disease is per , men , when broken into racial and ethnic groups the rate ranges from a high of per , for african american men down to per , for asian and pacific islander men .
an official at the jail said david was not available for comment .
the husband cut the house in two .
nairobi , kenya cnn the violence plaguing western kenya s rift valley spread to the country s western province monday , according to an official with the international committee of the red cross .
the dow jones industrial average surged points in early trading after bush and paulson spoke before dropping back and eventually closing down by points , or . percent .
hours after a revered shiite mosque was bombed wednesday , sunni houses of worship came under attack , iraq s interior ministry said .
but something about this place evokes a feeling of guilty pleasure whether it be the flawless beaches a block from the chaos , the countless day tours to everywhere or the simple ability to party all night and lounge all day , free from the need for a single intelligent thought .
watts even walked some of the sheep around the neighborhood on a leash .
an official announcement is expected wednesday , u . s . state department officials and quartet diplomats said .
the activity was reported by palestinian security sources .
no particular reason we chose canada , cast member chris taylor was quoted as saying on the sydney morning herald s web site . we just thought they d be a country who the cops wouldn t scrutinize too closely , and who feasibly would only have three cars in their motorcade as opposed to the or so gas guzzlers that bush has brought with him .
then ben affleck made his highly acclaimed directorial debut last month with gone baby gone .
according to the joong ang ilbo , prosecutors said yesterday they are considering indicting chung mong koo , the chairman of hyundai motor group , on charges of embezzlement , breach of trust , tax evasion , and bribery .
police have formed a special commission to investigate the grisly discoveries , but so far have no clues about who may have killed the animals .
the young animals then migrate north between march and september , following their favorite fish , the anchovy .
the full page black and white ad appeared in usa today on friday and was paid for by the american beverage institute , a trade group that supports the interests of the alcohol industry .
the announcement came on the first anniversary of the start of uranium enrichment at the plant .
the eu delegation has balked at that stance , saying it would render january s major emitters meeting meaningless .
but it was a milder document than japan s original draft , which backed up un demands with the threat of force .
some new york democrats would love to see a gov . hillary clinton in .
the bus drops us off in a square lined with venetian gothic buildings , all in various stages of renovation .
as for her sister s letter , miller said , she cried for quite a bit after writing it .
miami , florida cnn hurricane lorenzo has made landfall along the east central coast of mexico with winds near mph , according to the national hurricane center .
established in as africa s first national park , it was classified as a u . n . world heritage site in .
no charges were filed against the owner of the two original fish , whom police would not identify , because the statute of limitations has expired .
asked by king if her time in jail cured her claustrophobia , she said , now that i m out of there , yes .
there s a lot of fun there .
john mccain wants to eliminate taxes on unemployment benefits and lower the tax rate on ira s and k s to .
prime minister shaukat aziz leads the pakistani delegation at the event . relations between musharraf and
oil has traded at a barrel for the first time .
contains photos accompanied by related songs , movies and quotations .
the public security bureau said he was anti communist , she told the associated press in a telephone interview .
the solution is in the government s hands , and it is what all argentines are asking for , the statement said .
the bomber detonated an explosive vest in iskandariya about p . m . while the pilgrims were en route to karbala for al arbaeen , the official said .
the student who killed people and himself monday at virginia tech paid for a mm glock pistol just over a month ago , the owner of roanoke firearms told cnn tuesday .
they added that they would boost developing countries struggling under the weight of the crisis .
that s toward the upper end of the known age limit for shortraker rockfish , said paul spencer of the science center .
the nobel peace prize is handed out in oslo , norway , on the same date .
bulldozers razed the makeshift home and hundreds of others earlier this month as the indian government moves to improve new delhi for the commonwealth games .
townsfolk destroy palin effigy with explosives
according to the british press association , the year old pleaded guilty at uxbridge magistrates court , west london to two counts of assaulting a police officer , one count of disorderly conduct likely to cause harassment , alarm or distress and using threatening , abusive words or behaviour to cabin crew .
a short time later , a version with sound and in english appeared on a different government run channel that broadcasts in farsi .
israel holds elections in just a week recent opinion polls show hard line former prime minister benjamin netanyahu is the front runner .
the american , who lost in the first round at roland garros the last two years , retired from the semifinals of the rome masters on may .
he made an immediate impact after coming on as a second half substitute , sending over a trademark free kick for sergio ramos to head home real s winner minutes from time in their win over valencia .
about american soldiers from the nd infantry division and south korean soldiers crossed a pontoon bridge over the han river in seoul as part of the combined exercises .
zimbabwe s main opposition group wednesday said they will participate in presidential and parliamentary elections scheduled for march .
governor crist has ordered them to stay open twelve hours a day to accommodate everyone .
on the option of nuclear arms , which some powerful japanese politicians have debated since north korea s test , i would like to express concerns , ban said in a news conference in tokyo .
i consider myself a modern progressive who is for individual rights and freedoms . we are better as a society when we are working together .
hayden said the agency began taping interrogations after the capture of zubayda , whose defiant and evasive response to normal questioning . . . made imperative the use of other means to obtain the information .
it also calls for the early release of all political prisoners and remaining detainees , urging the junta to prepare for a genuine dialogue with opposition leader aung san suu kyi .
the case has demoralized the south korean immigrant owners of the mom and pop business and brought demands that the customer an administrative law judge in washington be disbarred and removed from office for pursuing a frivolous and abusive claim .
but the animals , like humans , sometimes need blood because of illness , injury or surgery , couto said .
to be safe , doctors typically remove the polyps and test them .
last fall , pollack played marty bach opposite clooney in michael clayton , a drama that examines the life of a fixer for lawyers .
if they seek to use the case to cause me trouble or even knock me down , they won t reach their goal , he told reporters .
manners was shot and killed in a hallway in the school , which is located near a high crime toronto neighborhood .
the mars phoenix lander , completing a day , million mile journey , closed in on the red planet with a chance of a successful touchdown on its arctic plains , nasa officials said .
bush says he s also invited barack and michelle obama to stop by for a visit before they move in in january .
nintendo sold . million units of the wii by march , and aims to sell another million during the current business year to march .
that word comes from her mother , talking to the los angeles times .
some foreign residents complain that getting a cell phone in korea is a nightmare that amounts to discrimination , according to the korea times .
he and a committee were headed to amara to investigate the incident .
the moves were part of an operation called iron reaper that has been in progress across northern iraq for the past few weeks .
they know i ve been tested , he said .
all u . n . member states were required to report to the security council on measures they took up to carry out the resolution within days of its adoption on oct .
the president faced a similar outburst during a speech last december when students at amir kabir technical university called him a dictator and burned his picture .
police stopped protesters as they tried to take a petition to the british high commission .
there can be no debating the need for saddam hussein to disarm , said white house spokesman scott mcclellan earlier .
forty two percent of republicans agree .
prosecution investigators raided a regional bureau of seoul metropolitan police agency that had assigned seoul s local namdaemum police station to investigate the kim violence case and had received a call from choi ki moon , the hanwha adviser and former chief of the national police agency .
i had some tough matches , i hope to be better next year .
it was like entering a seamless cinematic reality .
he said privacy rules prohibited him from giving details about the medical issues , but celebrity web site tmz . com earlier quoted sources saying hilton was refusing to eat much of the jail food served her .
charles , the eldest of her four children , was not yet years old .
my deal is with you , the people of pakistan , he said .
people don t celebrate death they commemorate life .
in many cases , for example , bills go where husbands will see them .
researchers have begun documenting what they dub the truman syndrome , a delusion afflicting people who are convinced that their lives are being played out on a reality tv show .
will smith turned it down to star in the forgettable action flick wild wild west , and the part went to reeves .
you can see the difference when ferris confronts hoffman in a rare trip home .
asiana airlines , the smaller of korea s two commercial airlines , finally won its quest to begin service to paris , the ministry of transportation announced .
the exhibition was much smaller then , with only objects on display .
school children had lined the route where up to national lawmakers and dozens more local dignitaries walked on their way to the factory when the blast went off , prompting local officials to believe that children may be among the dead and wounded .
pyongyang told the delegation from the international atomic energy agency visiting the north for two days that kim was too busy preparing for the six party talks to have a meeting .
north korea has refused to return to the nuclear disarmament talks since last june , complaining of hostility from washington .
the day of protest also coincides with the united nations nd birthday , and organizers said they were using that to urge action from the u . n . security council .
to design a long term response to climate change that does not include the world s largest emitter and the world s largest economy just would not make any sense , he told reporters .
it turns out he didn t have to look far foot saleswoman xia shujian hails from his hometown of chifeng .
he ll leave for scotland on tuesday and stay with his mother in edinburgh .
rescue work was focusing on five or six people who were in the basement of the u . n . building at the time of the attack and who could still be alive , said the chief of the emergency team , djamal khoudi .
republicans in michigan voted in the presidential race on tuesday , with native son mitt romney battling for political survival in a primary that could either revive or sink his campaign .
mr greenspan , who is , stepped down last year after nearly years in the post .
she said she did not like the current rhetoric surrounding us russian relations , but added that it s not a time in which i think any sort of cataclysmic things are happening .
even so , most leadership courses focus on follower ship and compliance and consensus management instead of leadership .
the panda goodwill was the latest sign of warming relations between beijing and taipei .
han , who arrived in beijing on monday for a two day visit , was also to meet wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people s congress , and a group of south korean businesspeople operating in china before returning home tuesday evening .
being at a doctor s office often puts the patient in the position of child and the doctor in a position of parent , northrup said .
iraq army brig . gen . qassim al moussawi said security forces were ready and prepared for any emergencies that might happen .
a minivan carrying five armed men exploded near an iraqi army checkpoint in northern baghdad friday afternoon , wounding three soldiers and killing the men in the car , an interior ministry official told cnn .
she said it was particularly unfortunate that he made the remarks just days before christmas , but described them as so in line with other statements from this pope , it s not really atypical .
scoffing at a police ban , the korea alliance against korus fta held its third anti trade demonstration of the season at marronier park in daehangno yesterday afternoon .
an array of objects associated with rulers dating from egypt s fourth dynasty into the late period about b . c . to b . c . makes this the largest and most encyclopedic exhibit featuring egyptian pharaohs presented in the u . s . , according to exhibition curator david silverman , who has worked on other exhibits focusing on tutankhamun .
a rusty box sitting on caterpillar tracks , with a retractable binocular shaped head , he compresses junk into building blocks and then piles them up into towers that are shadow skyscrapers of waste in the ruins of an unidentified city .
prime minister howard knows that setting a timeline for a withdrawal sends the wrong signal to our enemies and sends the wrong signal to the iraqi people , the official told cnn .
the priests exchanged rings and vows in a service at one of london s oldest churches marked by a fanfare of trumpets and capped by a shower of confetti on may , britain s sunday telegraph reported .
when he s not fending off rumors about well heeled customers buying his art , wapenaar continues to expand his portfolio , exploring different types of tent sculptures including the birthingtent and the showertent .
it expects thousands of south korean students and business executives to return home this week fleeing the respiratory disease in china .
store managers say the range of goods on sale has diminished drastically imported products are expensive and local factories are too crippled by inflation to produce goods .
the nigerian government and rebel militia in niger delta agreed a truce .
the mri monitored their brain activity while the subjects strapped on goggles , through which they saw a book page or an internet search page .
lohan says her daughter isn t an alcoholic . noooo !
our sole concern is about the passage of time and the bedrock principle of our legal system . . . that people should not be held indefinitely without trial , howard said .
in an interview with the associated press , paulson said the turmoil that has gripped wall street and that took a turn for the worse again in march has eased somewhat . there s progress , he said .
wagoner was taking his company in the right direction , while many of the bankers in new york are refusing to cooperate with the federal government , yet they still have their jobs .
every delegate with very few exceptions is free to make up his or her mind however they choose , clinton told time s mark halperin in an interview published wednesday .
this is largely due to the popularity of the city s mass transit system , which cuts down on car emissions , officials said .
twins , triplets , quadruplets , we ve got plenty of stories about them but octuplets ?
the county s public safety director , paul whitten , says they re not giving up
negotiations are underway with companies in japan , the united kingdom , hong kong , italy and germany , according to the company .
i don t think it ll be available to the public for years
tsvangirai won the most votes in the march election but failed to gain a majority .
if the sprinter can get his first offense erased , it would likely result in a two year ban that would expire this may , a month before the u . s . olympic trials .
rescuers rappelled into the shaft and found the girls and their vehicle at the bottom .
packed with more features than a bond villain s base , including jet ski docks , indoor swimming pools , helicopter pads in some cases two helipads , jacuzzis and submarines , no expense is spared on these ocean going giants .
transportation secretary mary peters said million was being made available immediately to pay for traffic flow adjustments and debris removal .
one teachers union disrupted a ministry hearing over the issue this week , calling the plan hypocritical and designed to hurt morale .
we received complaints that several bodies were missing from graveyards and , while investigating the case , we stumbled on the secret bones factory , pandey said .
recent evidence that mental exercises can be beneficial to the brain has helped the industry flourish .
the message seemed to be a follow up to a similar statement friday , in which the speaker reiterated jihadist opposition to the existence of the jewish state and its policies , and told listeners that liberating palestine should be the aim of every muslim .
juvenile court judges are starting to demand script changes in programs that have child actors .
he abruptly cut short a visit in march after finding a listening device in a room at a prison where he was interviewing political detainees .
many bodies are still thought to be trapped under debris and rescuers say the odds of finding survivors are slim .
hillary s appointment is a sign to friend and foe of the seriousness of my commitment to renew american diplomacy and restore our alliances , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois .
the korea times reports police on wednesday beefed up security around the islam mosque in seoul after some people , agitated by the death of the south korean hostage kim sun il on tuesday in iraq , made threats on muslims .
video footage of ingrid betancourt who also holds colombian citizenship emerged last week showing her looking emaciated and worn out .
the iaea the u . n . nuclear watchdog has said it cannot confirm that iran s nuclear activities are for peaceful purposes . iaea officials say iran has failed to cooperate with inspectors .
they didn t come through that entrance , he said , referring to the entrance that had a metal detector .
this source noted that gates could stay for longer than a year if he and obama end up working well together .
china launched its one child policy in to curb a ballooning population , now at more than . billion .
switch out your sim card the little chip in the phone that carries your account information for a prepaid local one , and pay local rates .
the cause of death for ike turner is cocaine toxicity with other significant conditions , supervising medical examiner investigator paul parker told cnn .
it says this summit , scheduled to last three days , may pave the way for that historic step .
denmark reports its first confirmed case , and hong kong has detected swine flu in a mexican citizen who recently arrived there .
mccain pivots from his three stops in colorado on friday , and will also be pushing hard in new mexico today .
he s just like us , said george lucas , who dreamed up the character and re teams with director steven spielberg and harrison ford as indy for indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull , due out may .
holiday spirits mostly features festive covers such as santa claus is coming to town and silent night , all sung in the a cappella tradition but with creative and entertaining tweaks .
house majority leader steny hoyer , d maryland , noted it was two years ago , when oil cost a barrel , when bush said oil companies need no government subsidies to pursue more oil or gas .
the purpose of our review is to make every reasonable effort to recover potentially lost e mails , and that is why we ve been in contact with forensic experts , he said .
that extinguished wall street s early attempt at a rally , with shares of companies most sensitive to the economy s ups and downs suffering the most .
reprobating statements between the u . s . and north korea is growing more serious .
google is now working on a mobile search engine customized for korean cell phones , and the first product will have its debut next month .
branson s virgin galactic says it will start turning a profit in .
clinton , the new york senator who has seen her big lead in the national polls disappear , called off all scheduled events and instead visited several spots in milwaukee , where she had spent the night .
rice said once north korea submits its declaration , president bush will notify congress he intends to remove north korea from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism and scrap some sanctions levied against north korea because of nuclear concerns .
the ppp leader said
on wall street , dow industrials up points in the first half hour , nasdaq ahead .
some students are working on computers years old .
perino said the two discussed both national and international issues but did not provide specifics of the conversation .
meanwhile on sunday , a moderate earthquake shook santiago in central chile , with no immediate reports of damages or injuries .
after the sentence was read , fujimori consulted quickly with his defense lawyer and then addressed the judge , saying he was partially appealing the sentence and the fine . he did not elaborate .
south korea s population stood at . million as of the end of nov .
the creatures seemed more intrigued by the visitors , often lumbering toward them like a slow , curious locomotive .
the offenders can reclaim their id cards once they write a letter regarding their behavior , to be signed by the person who received their ticket .
police said auvinen is from tuusula and who acted alone .
goldberg said she hadn t spoken to swayze about his health .
the site will soon have its first new year s week , when people are making their resolutions for .
by comparison , bush s profile boasted about , supporters , according to a feature on the site browse the politicians .
tv channel to broadcast assisted suicide
however , it was not clear whether the plane actually crashed .
details of the new effort , which were first reported by the associated press , will be announced tuesday , the spokeswoman , tracey connell , said .
google s new public health initiative , google flu trends , looks at the relative popularity of a slew of flu related search terms to determine where in the u . s . flu outbreaks may be occurring . what s exciting about flu trends is that it lets anybody
lahore , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people and injured more than others after detonating an explosive outside a court in lahore on thursday , police said .
a south korean student was also among those injured in the rampage , and roh instructed diplomats to care for the student and confirm whether any other south koreans were hurt .
in , he was named president of dow jones newswires .
south korea s food authorities will send a fact finding mission to a chinese factory that produces a popular snack food found to contain a suspected rat s head .
a growing number of families , in fact , are opting to send their teens off with companies like college visits , www . college visits . com , which is run by a former johns hopkins university admissions official .
the pledge is coming at a white house meeting of groups representing health insurers , hospitals , doctors , drug makers , and a major labor union .
he also won gold medals at the world championships .
in a nutshell , a strange phenomenon of concurrent labor and job shortages exists in the local market .
stock prices of private education companies skyrocketed yesterday , enjoying about a percent hike from tuesday , proving that change is a good business opportunity for them .
if you can t figure it out , get a european to show you they re used to switching sim cards when they switch carriers .
many children fled the school before it was completely engulfed in fire , and red cross officials were working to reunite children with parents who rushed to the scene .
knight inlet , british columbia
i think that i may disagree with sen . clinton or sen . edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . we re all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , said the senator from illinois .
in the message , bin laden calls on his followers to be loyal to the islamic nation , not to individual leaders , groups , tribes or countries .
with england s defense creaking under wave upon wave of russian attacks , the victory was sealed four minutes later when pavluchenko reacted quickest in the penalty area to score from close range .
police are trying to determine whether there was any link between emily hilscher , , and the shooter , seung hui cho , according to a search warrant .
kabul , afghanistan ap taliban militants ambushed foreign and afghan forces escorting supply trucks in southern afghanistan , sparking a hour battle the u . s . led coalition said killed an estimated two dozen militants .
it had to be my husband and caddie in the water with me , she said .
the turkish armed forces , which values iraq s territorial integrity and its stability , will return as soon as planned goals are achieved , the military said .
the girl endured two days in the rugged mountains of panama , in frigid temperatures and heavy rain , before rescuers stumbled upon her in the wreckage on christmas day .
they also said the strengthening yuan will push up the value of the won and the communist chinese central bank s plan to diversify its foreign exchange holdings into the euro and other currencies from the dollar will make the dollar even weaker on the global stage .
wu dawei is reported to have mentioned the date during a meeting with japanese foreign ministry officials in tokyo .
twelve people were also detained in the operation .
christie s auction house in new york expects the life size portrait to sell for between million and million .
i made it clear before i had to make this decision to drop out that had i not run , i d be supporting john mccain , giuliani told reporters on a flight to burbank , california , for the debate .
eventually i think what the planners are doing , they are not realizing they ll be building up a pool of violence .
the wedding , which flew in dozens of guests to india from britain for a series of parties , produced an estimated tonnes of carbon emissions more than the average couple produces in a decade , according to researchers .
when not working , the elephants were chained to posts and unable to move . most lived under busy highway overpasses .
the card was placed inside another envelope with modern postage for the trip to oberlin the one cent postage of the early th century wouldn t have covered it , martin said .
this is one of the worst meltdowns that we have experienced in the last years .
elliot mintz confirmed to the associated press on tuesday that he is again representing the year old socialite , who was ordered to report to county jail by june for violating the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
the financial times reported the invitation to clapton was in return for the korean orchestra s british tour .
german chancellor angela merkel described yeltsin as a brave fighter .
one of them was heard to comment in english
an unidentified spokesman of the north s foreign ministry was quoted by the north s state run korea central news agency as saying , our position is to resume the second stage of six way talks during the week of september , when some of the dust of the war exercise has subsided .
police arrested an army soldier who allegedly took part in last week s botched coup attempt , as he tried to board a flight to the u . s . at manila airport wednesday , officials said .
human rights watch released a statement saturday about the attacks saying that supporters of mugabe s zanu pf party are targeting backers of the opposition party , the movement for democratic change .
india s central bureau of investigation arrested jeevan rawat , who is being accused of assisting his brother amit kumar in a kidney buying , selling and stealing scheme .
and we have watched new opportunities for peace and prosperity unfold .
police officials in ghazni province confirmed the killing of one hostage , according to taliban sources there .
educational , scientific and cultural organization said its team would study the conditions of museums and historical sites , identify ways of restoring them and find potential donors .
south korea s spy agency has admitted it abducted future president kim dae jung in , with tacit backing from then leader park chung hee .
the country s electoral commission is trying to lure voters to the polls with discount tickets to parks and museums .
i m almost four months , said richie , , in an interview with abc s diane sawyer that will air thursday .
top selling bild reported the influx of visitors to the zoo about , a day could have stressed the black and white bear , who spent much of her time lying on her back chomping at bamboo shoots .
cnn reported glass cutters were found at the museum , indicating that professionals were involved in the looting .
i was trying to protect you and chelsea
the manchester united striker continued his rich scoring vein by putting england ahead in the th minute and wrapped up the victory in the th minute with his fifth goal in his last three international games .
to win this award this year is so special as british sport has enjoyed such a hugely successful year . it s been incredible , said hoy
half of the upper house seats are being contested in the july polls .
caffeine can help increase reaction time and improve performance for military servicemen who must perform complex tasks or who need help staying alert for longer periods of time , according to a new report by the national academy of sciences .
third seed andy roddick was beaten in the first round of the french open for the fourth time in his career on tuesday , ousted by russian igor andreev , the world number .
he added that north korea offered no new proposals .
while it can seem that the city is intent on stream rolling over its past , you can still see traces of old edo .
but the announcement came together with strong criticism against the united states .
it s just that children do not increase your average daily enjoyment .
intend to come back to dubai next year and hopefully have a great tournament .
the strikes came as an urgent session of the israeli cabinet endorsed a strong response against the militants .
australian scientists have warned that the reassuring smell of a new car actually contains high levels of toxic air emissions that can make drivers ill .
al qaeda islamic maghreb is formerly known as the salafist group for preaching and combat , a militant islamic group waging war to overthrow the algerian government .
democratic and republican senators have raised questions about the firings , which e mail released by the justice department suggests may have been done for political reasons .
baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide attack in iraq s parliament building on thursday killed eight people , including two iraqi lawmakers , and wounded , u . s . and iraqi officials said .
smoltz , , is the only pitcher in baseball history with wins and saves .
political parties tuesday expressed deep concern over the japanese parliament s approval of a bill describing procedures for a referendum on the constitutional revision of its constitution .
the us says it wants missile defense in eastern europe to counter threats from states like iran and north korea .
few people seem to believe that president lee myung bak can fulfill his economic growth pledge .
seoul will ask to purchase the unmanned aerial vehicle global hawk during the upcoming security policy initiative talks the official said , on condition of anonymity .
the fifth installment in the movie series based on j . k . rowling s novels about the teen wizard , order of the
they will also embark on a nationwide promotion of the film .
the korea herald reports cheong wa dae created a senior presidential secretary for civic society and appointed moon jae in , former secretary for civil affairs , to the job .
the belgian law differs from dutch legislation in that it applies to patients older than and sets different procedures for patients who are terminally ill and those who may have incurable diseases but still have years to live .
the suspect is at large .
the two sides faced off in broward county circuit court on thursday at a probate hearing that bounced from custody of the body to dna sampling to whether a baby can be considered next of kin under florida law .
the final version denounces the lack of co operation of many eu member states and condemns the actions of secret services and governments who accepted and concealed renditions .
for example , the fiancee of chelsea star frank lampard was seen without her engagement ring for a fourth day , and that was big news friday on london tabloid the sun s web site .
bush is the first sitting president to visit the balkan state that was once a closed , communist society but is now a close ally of the united states .
in an appeal for public help , detective superintendent of the cleveland police , tony hutchinson , said there will be people out there who know exactly where he has been , what he has been doing and where he has been living .
but workers are rebuilding the foundations of the site , and it would not be possible for him to go where other people don t go , kelly told cnn .
thatcher appeared to be cheerful and relaxed , wearing a gold and champagne colored suit that she had worn in for her th wedding anniversary to the late sir denis thatcher .
it is the first time the commission has issued a recommendation involving human rights violation cases related to the marine corps . the panel has investigated other cases in the army or police before .
only percent is recycled globally each year .
california saw democrats take courageous votes to cut services we care about . the republicans had a chance to also show some courage and support moderate new revenues and they simply turned their backs , said state assembly speaker karen bass on tuesday , when both sides failed to reach a resolution in that special session .
the crackdown is a very complicated issue .
it is reported he was infected after coming into contact with live chickens on sale in a market in guangzhou city .
the findings in the ruins of the city of rehov this summer include intact hives dating to around b . c . , archaeologist amihai mazar of jerusalem s hebrew university told the associated press .
the birds are named after portuguese explorer ferdinand magellan , who first saw them in .
amassing huge trillions of dollars worth of debt on the backs of our children is not the way forward .
i ve found that candidate .
unless the u . s . changes their policy toward islam , al qaeda will keep on fighting against u . s .
on sunday , communist party newspapers accused the dalai lama of orchestrating the riots in tibet to try to mar the olympics and overthrow the area s communist leaders .
the cause of the blast is believed to be either a buildup of methane gas or a discharge of coal dust , according to ministry spokesman valery korchagin

nasdaq shareholders will own around percent of the new company , the statement said , and the new group will have a combined market capitalization of around . billion .
in the tranquility of the catoctin mountains , bush and brown began their brief meeting sunday night and monday at camp david , with an emphasis on private time between the two . their substantive agenda is familiar
russian officials previously warned that such a move would open poland up to an attack in the event of conflict .
before the anti impeachment rally started in the afternoon , about , protesters , mostly college students , gathered in daehangno , minutes by car away from gwanghwamun , to protest the u . s . presence in iraq on the first anniversary of the war .
the activists were protesting a recent chinese order that beijing must approve all of tibet s spiritual leaders , known as lamas .
theoretically , the huge number of new shares will be negative for the market
the lord of the rings musical , the most expensive production in west end history , opened to mixed reviews , with some critics praising it as brilliant and others calling it corny and a thumping great flop .
then brown , now prime minister , will be driven back to downing street and pose for pictures outside the famous front door . he will then start to form his cabinet and the rest of his government .
a court appointed translator told cnn that all suspects testified during their arraignments that they were innocent .
an italian policeman is to be charged with voluntary homicide in relation to the shooting incident which claimed the life of a lazio fan at the weekend .
speculation surrounds the state of french president nicolas sarkozy s marriage following word that the first lady , cecilia sarkozy , will not be accompanying her husband on a state visit to morocco next week .
eartha kitt said she knew she d forever be identified with santa baby .
here in sawaya s manhattan studio , the year old artist snaps bricks together to create sculptures , big and small .
the move follows a similar resignation offer last week by top aides of president lee myung bak .
the baby will be their eighth grandchild .
opponents have vowed to challenge the constitutionality of the military tribunal proceedings .
north korea renewed its demand for the long running dispute over the western sea border to be addressed .
the korea times quoted the justice ministry on sunday as saying it directed airport authorities to tighten immigration procedures to prevent the entry of around , people blacklisted by the seoul government as suspected terrorists .
it would have said , happy birthday to our younger brother , former mayor george gardner said .
the number of people out of jobs last month rose to , from , a year earlier .
it takes a willingness to do things a different way .
jon , a day after arlen specter left the gop , the president hailed the move as courageous
in an interview with the british broadcasting corp . , rammell said paek told him the blast wasn t an accident , that it wasn t a nuclear explosion , that it was a deliberate detonation of a mountain as part of a hydroelectric project .
if you re lucky enough to be in tokyo in the springtime , you may get to take part in the much cherished japanese tradition of hanami
among them is that its brand of green luxury won t come cheap .
after the shootings began , shoppers and employees streamed out of the building with their hands up .
we got the bottom line on christmas sales this morning , and the news is not nice .
the price of rice and other staple foods has doubled over the past year , it said .
fayed s father contends that the couple were the targets of a plot orchestrated by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii .
in a statement on the organization s web site , he said the aid group was in mourning over campbell s death .
the ntsb is using a couple of cranes to raise the plane from the river , and investigators will also interview the pilot and crew about the accident and the remarkable crash landing on thursday .
song s remarks came a day after the north refused to take place in the ongoing six party talks until million frozen in a macau bank is released even after the united states made it clear that the month dispute over the frozen funds had been resolved earlier this week .
she is still as hot as she was late last year .
the aea stated percent of misplaced bags were returned to passengers within hours , indicating about one million items took longer than two days to reach their owners and some never got returned at all .
later this week , a us led team of experts is due to visit north korea , where they will begin supervising the process of dismantling its nuclear installations .
been charged with any crime , wang said . we re discussing further punishment , maybe re education through labor , he said .
the house passed thursday night a billion war spending bill that had been the primary point of contention between democrats and president bush .
i have people who sometimes come up to me and say franklin , i know i ll never meet your father , but would you mind telling him that i got saved in his meeting in london in , said the younger graham during a recent conversation at the billy graham library in charlotte , north carolina .
iran s chief nuclear negotiator , ali larijani , resigned recently and was replaced by saeed jalili , the deputy foreign minister and a close ally of president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
and when you can do that well , you might be in great demand .
down on security in baghdad .
they point out that the government closed two newspapers last year when they published controversial cartoons of the prophet mohammed .
fifty years later every new zealander can recall with pride hillary s earthy words
key market indicators rose percent in france and more than percent in britain and germany after even bigger gains in japan and hong kong .
last month , gambari met with myanmar s military junta leadership , as well as suu kyi , who has been detained off and on since after her national league for democracy won the country s first free multiparty elections but the military junta refused to hand over power .
australian cadel evans of the predictor lotto team finished second overall , seconds behind contador , whose american team mate levi leipheimer was third seconds off the pace .
like a family that finds itself choking under the weight of credit card balances and finance charges , the federal government is quickly obligating the american people with similar fates .
i want to show a parent , i want to show my father , amin said .
the credit card companies are , however , not yet willing to take the next major step
china is in control of tibet and there is no freedom in tibet , she said .
the big rush is mainly at lunchtime , with many people taking time out for breakfast and supper .
indonesia made its commitment to the basic concepts of sound environmental management early and has a long history of integrating economic development and protection of the environment .
belarusian opposition leader alexander milinkevich received the prize last year . other past winners include former south african president nelson mandela and u . n . secretary general kofi annan .
according to the israeli military , more than , rockets and mortars have been fired from gaza into israel since israel pulled out its troops and settlements from gaza in .
we ve got coleman with , i think , . , and we got franken with .
police say one of the victims is in critical condition there s no word on the shooter or shooters .
recent intelligence reports from washington suggest pyongyang may conduct another nuclear test in protest against the united nations security council resolution passed after its first test on oct .
so i rewrote that , and then i thought , i ll have to write this myself .
now it is all just a memory for me . hackett , , retires with the , meter record of minutes , . seconds he set at the world championships in japan .
the plane that arrived in bangkok friday from airbus headquarters in toulouse , france , is making a demonstration tour of asia . it also will visit vietnam , hong kong , and south korea .
listen to an ipod during a storm and you may get more than electrifying tunes .
he killed himself after the rampage .
the outsourcing industry would be hardest hit , it warned .
some insurgents , u . s . troops and five iraqi soldiers have been killed in the four day assault , the u . s . military said .
the bank of korea estimates that private sector trade
swedish striker johan elmander , who netted a hat trick in sunday s defeat at bordeaux , opened the scoring in the th minute .
tracy roberson , , could get two to years in prison in the slaying of devin lasalle , a year old ups employee .
president obama says there s no religion in the world that s based on hatred .
they have urged other countries in latin america to condemn colombia s actions , efforts that paid off as nicaragua broke diplomatic relations with colombia on thursday .
such is the polarizing debate over cat declawing .
during his two hour stay in the military compound , he met with the , korean soldiers over breakfast and praised their efforts for peace and rehabilitation in the war torn middle eastern country .
the japanese government lauded the move .
the two sides agreed to begin a new push toward diplomatic recognition at the recent six nation north korea nuclear disarmament talks .
boris yeltsin , who played a key role in the soviet union s demise and became russia s first president , has died aged , the kremlin says .
but one gaza resident voiced skepticism that the egyptian brokered agreement between israel and gaza s hamas leadership will last .
many in the south also see it as a healthy restraint on the united states , believing washington won t take military action that could provoke the north when u . s . troops are in harm s way on the border .
two ships were also left stranded on the snow covered bank of the river as heavy snow and sleet brought parts of the country to a standstill earlier in the week .
p . m . et there was a blackout on a national level that was produced by an explosion , which is being investigated in the guri hydroelectric power station , caracas mayor juan barreto said .
jones filed a million defamation lawsuit against victor conte , founder of balco , in .
the north has argued for pyongyang while japan wants to hold the negotiations in tokyo , he said .
in all , about percent of the country was blacked out , officials said .
at the end of the hour , tony , who by then had bolted for a private getaway to las vegas , was watching the sun come up across the desert while , in a peyote haze , he bellowed out , i get it !
i will never forget that in no other country on earth is my story even possible , he said . it s a story that hasn t made me the most conventional candidate .
i cannot promise you that these efforts will produce the results we all are praying for , caldwell said monday .
villiers le bel , france cnn more than , police raided housing projects outside paris early monday , detaining over people in a bid to find rioters who led an outburst of violence last year , police said .
as hymns rang out in the marble basilica , children from nine countries and dressed in traditional costumes presented wreaths to the church altar as john paul looked on smiling .
korean policymakers foresee the two year economic slump will draw to a close next year as the economy will grow near the potential growth rate of percent and create , , new jobs .
bhutto returned to pakistan last week after eight years in self imposed exile .
last month , they sought a six year jail term for chung , calling his alleged crimes grave .
prime minister lee hae chen launched his harshest tirade against the chosun ilbo and dong a ilbo .
that hotel was one of nine sites in attacks that left people dead three weeks ago .
opposition to the war has hurt blair politically , with his ruling labor party losing seats in parliament and in local elections in the past two years .
diyala has been the scene of sometimes intense fighting between shiite factions in recent months , and coalition forces have taken on militia fighters in diwaniya .
field analysis showed the substance was an explosive powder , but not a biological hazard , authorities said .
poll , likely to hand power to the long oppressed majority shi ites at the expense of saddam s fellow sunnis . the bombing near the imam hussein shrine in the city of kerbala also wounded people
earlier , fiorentina defender dario dainelli had conceded a penalty when he tripped massimo ambrosini in the area .
the chinese government views the movie , which is partly backed by state run china film group , as an important showcase of chinese history and wants it released before the beijing olympics . the olympics start on august .
thousands have taken refuge in the church s back yard .
and with one already convicted
iaea praises the agreement of n . k s nuclear weapons programs .
mak , a year old retired nurse who hasn t demonstrated against anything since she joined the million people who flooded the streets in shock and rage after the tiananmen square crackdown .
south korea and the united states still remain at odds over their approaches toward north korea despite an agreement on a common and broad approach for the restart of the six party talks made at a seoul washington summit last thursday , according to south korean and u . s . officials tuesday .
other winners
he s also meeting with vermont s gop governor jim douglas , who says the states need the aid this package provides .
construction is to be seen everywhere
in the video provided by coalition military officials , armed men wearing masks are shown standing behind nine kneeling men , all of whom are wearing blindfolds or hoods with their hands presumably tied behind their backs .
on the other hand russell crowe is relaxed and kicking up his heels as ed hoffman , roger s langley supervisor and often enough the eye in the sky , keeping his thumb on ferris through more of those scarily efficient satellite tracking systems we keep seeing in movies this year .
this is the first time a un envoy has visited burma in more than two years .
australia has rejected criticism from delegates at a pacific island summit in fiji that it is acting like original bully .
two cbs shows , ncis and the unit , have sets at santa clarita , but neither shut down shooting monday , according to the industry trade paper .
contestants also wore blue jeans and added a bit of humor to the traditional opening number , the parade of states .
rocco , born to the couple in
the officials said obama is increasing his goal from . million to million jobs over the next two years after receiving projections early this week that suggest the recession will be deeper than expected .
san francisco , california cnn marine biologists studying wild octopuses have found a kinky and violent society of jealous murders , gender subterfuge and once in a lifetime sex .
the black and chrome train with three double decker cars sped along a new line linking paris to eastern france , starting in the town of preny .
the state attorney general s office will investigate the case , van cleve said .
after a day checkout period , the craft will start its mission .
the anti whaling group accused the crew of the japanese vessel of kidnapping the men .
kuwait s supreme ruler , or emir , sheikh jaber al ahmad al sabah , issued a decree in may granting women full political rights and his cabinet approved the decree .
the former boss at aig is joining the finger pointing over the company s near collapse .
the study was funded by the us centers for disease control and prevention .
chen said beijing had to talk to the leader chosen by the people of taiwan , and he was sending a personal message to hu through an envoy .
crowe in his fourth picture with scott and dicaprio his first play well off each other , but it s a pity they re on opposite sides of the globe for most of the action .
washington cnn the united states treasury department announced sanctions wednesday against a bahrain bank accused of helping iran s alleged nuclear proliferation activities .
the hostages were released with the mediation of tribal elders in separate locations .
dubai international financial centre difc , the owner of the dubai stock exchange , is mulling a rival bid to nasdaq s agreed . billion takeover of nordic markets owner omx , the sunday times reported .
rescuers in south africa were trying to retrieve nearly , workers stuck in a gold mine more than a mile deep near johannesburg , south africa , a miners union official said .
other than that , there was no sign of human life outdoors or in .
the arm is controlled by a network of tiny electrodes called a brain machine interface , implanted into the motor cortex of the monkeys brains the region that controls movement .
about , pixar sarge die cast toy cars with lead paint were also recalled .
twenty nine israelis have died including civilians killed by rocket attacks since the israeli offensive against hezbollah militants began eight days ago .
there , a group of some insurgents publicly chanted death to al qaeda .
some party members have called for political changes to accompany economic reforms , which have transformed china .
the high temperature in memphis was on saturday , according to the national weather service , and sunday s high could reach , despite earlier forecasts that weekend temperatures would dip slightly .
he s a new generation coming into the world stage , onto the american stage , and for that reason i will be voting for senator barack obama .
each happy friend increases your own chance of being happy by percent , whereas each unhappy friend decreases it by percent .
otherwise you just never knew what would happen .
latte made with whole milk
cnn osama bin laden stresses the importance of martyrdom for muslim causes in a videotape that purportedly contains a second message from the al qaeda leader .
his mother died when he was ten years old and his father became what is now known as a single parent .
an amusement park worker was thrown off a gyrating ride and killed , and park officials acknowledged saturday that a safety precaution put in place after a fatal accident on the ride in wasn t followed .
police estimated the suspects were between and years old .
voters tag economy as issue no .
seoul s converted cheonggye sewer stream , proudly opened to the public just over a week ago is under attack , the seoul institute of health and environment said yesterday .
a statement said to come from a group abu musab al zarqawi threatened attacks on japan unless it withdrew its troops from iraq .
maradona , chosen by soccer s governing body , fifa , along with pele as the best players of the th century , has struggled with obesity and cocaine addiction since he retired in .
four of the men claimed the devices , made from liquid hydrogen peroxide , chapati flour , acetone and acid , were a hoax .
also , she added that the two babies found in the freezer of her home in seoul were not twins and she strangled the babies until they died .
on wednesday , peak power demand was . million kilowatts .
it is very very difficult to deliver aid even in very large helicopters . but we are getting out there and putting up with the elements .
george w . bush will renew constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage .
khan and the hundreds of other unarmed forest guards are not fighters . for the past years , they have been patrolling the mountain woodlands to protect the forest itself and the wildlife struggling to survive in this battleground .
ternate , indonesia cnn at least four people were wounded by gunshots as police repelled thousands of protesters , some throwing rocks and glass shards , at an airport in eastern indonesia , officials said .
mario bridges is the father of free agent defensive lineman corey smith .
more and more of the bulletin boards on the net are for buying and selling .
four canadian soldiers with the nato forces were also killed in operation medusa , which began on saturday near the city of kandahar .
inquests are standard in britain whenever a person dies suddenly .
the following month , sergio garcia , also , won his first big tournament , the players , simultaneously moving into second place in the world rankings , behind an injured tiger woods .
speaking in abu dhabi , the third stop of his tour of arab allies , bush said shi ite muslim iran was the world s number one sponsor of terrorism and accused it of undermining peace by supporting the hezbollah guerrilla group in lebanon , palestinian islamist group hamas and shi ite militants in iraq .
young democracies from georgia and ukraine to afghanistan and iraq , can look to the united states for proof that self government can endure .
i ve been schlepping this stuff across the country for more than years , she said . i m tired of thinking oh my god , what if it breaks in the next move ?
john kerry ganged up on president bush on the campaign trail on monday , with clinton warning bush wants to scare voters and kerry slamming bush s incompetence in not protecting tons of missing explosives in iraq .
the regulations are good , but the problem is in implementing them , said aviation analyst dudi sudibyo , adding that pilots are overworked and there are not enough flight inspectors or planes for indonesia s booming aviation sector .
huo also telephoned police , who took the driver and the truck to a police station .
a suspected muslim militant has admitted he was involved in the beheading of three christian schoolgirls in indonesia s sulawesi .
the joong ang ilbo reports mbc tv yesterday released an official apology in which it acknowledged that several of its reporters and executives had received bribes from a lobbyist for a nepalese company .
the poll is non binding but , barring a major surprise , correspondents say ban looks set to take the top role .
rove , another longtime bush official and his top political adviser , also resigned this month .
an associated press review of historical documents and records shows american authorities permitted the official brothel system to operate despite internal reports that women were being coerced into prostitution .
so great that stevie wonder credited him with improving his voice .
after the shopping spree , zaki said , we expect everyone to go back to gaza to their homes within a short period of time .
olice are on high alert as tens of thousands of workers , farmers and teachers are set to take to the streets across the country today in protest against free trade talks with the united states , labor reform bills and new school rules .
since then , however , she s been notably absent from her husband s side .
the pakistani leader , whose nearly eight year rule is being challenged by opposition activists and islamic militants , cited engagements in the capital for his decision to skip the meeting .
a police guard who witnessed the explosion said the bus was loaded and about to depart on a regularly scheduled trip to the police academy when the blast happened sunday .
the standoff came after a government investigation of the mosque s activities , whose students are demanding taliban style sharia , or islamic law , be instituted in islamabad .
following reports that former president kim dae jung was preparing a statement to take issue with the blue house s handling of the wiretapping scandal , it was announced the year old mr .
authorities differed on the number of wounded as well , with figures ranging from five to .
but liverpool will now be massively boosted after ending a run of poor form which has also dented their english premier league title hopes .
neale told the toronto star the facebook site is no different than any study group working together on homework in a library .
intel decided to quit the nonprofit project and the olpc board because the two reached a philosophical impasse , intel spokesman chuck mulloy said .
police officers detain an opposition supporter on monday during riots at the kibera slum in nairobi .
the opposition millennium democratic party is trying to arrange a visit by hillary clinton to north korea along with a group of u . s . senators .
for many , the historic election on november marked a new beginning .
the senate voted to in favor of the bill , which makes bn in further funding for the war conditional on a timetable for withdrawal .
murray said the new super union s structure was still being worked on .
research has shown that outbreaks in india vary with the temperature of the bay of bengal .
the attack happened miles southwest of darwin , australia s northernmost city , where the woman was taken to treat wounds that included eight teeth punctures in her thigh .
critics believe the requirement of an english language exam discriminates against non english speakers .
elton john said wednesday that he owns a photo of two naked girls taken by award winning photographer nan goldin that was seized by police at a british gallery .
listen to this from a new ap poll correspondent bryant thomas
the japanese government , meanwhile , has said it is considering strengthening its missile defenses amid reports that north korea is preparing to test a medium range missile capable of reaching japan .
along the way , meunier lebouc thought of her th birthday party last fall and the fun she had with friends and family who gathered to celebrate .
india welcomes pakistan s offer to open the line of control .
we want to know who he is and we want to know where he is , said family spokesman clarence mitchell , speaking to reporters .
i m so excited , williams said .
disagreements over implementing the deal could be overcome , the reclusive leader told top official wang jiarui .
three helicopters and rescue boats were part of the joint operation , the rescue service said .
chicago public schools ceo arne duncan announced his recommendation wednesday .
abdullah made no direct reference to hamas , to the current divisions in the palestinian leadership or to recent efforts by secretary of state condoleezza rice to revive peace efforts .
police lieutenant pat buchanan says pardo began shooting as soon as the door opened .
the rate has fluctuated over those years , with the low being . per , in .
superdelegates are party elected officials and activists who are free to vote for either candidate .
the broader s p index surrendered . percent and the nasdaq lost two percent .
i haven t met any pakistani government functionary over the last eight years , although there were a lot of overtures from the pakistani side to meet me and to talk to me , sharif said sunday afternoon .
turkey s ruling ak party won a resounding election victory sunday , giving the pro business , islamist rooted party a mandate for reform but risking fresh tensions with the secular elite .
seven days is a crime suspense film , directed by won shin yeon .
as many as counterterrorism advisers will work with theaters , restaurants , hotels , sports venues , hospitals , schools , and places of worship to train civilian staff to identify suspicious behavior , brown said .
bruni has never made a secret of her relationships with the rich and famous , from donald trump to mick jagger . but she suggested that sarkozy was different from the others .
the seoul central district court is reviewing again the prosecution s request for arrest warrants for three executives of the u . s . private equity fund lone star .
a wildfire in the san fernando valley doubled in size overnight .
also getting knocked out of the top were jerry kelly and aaron oberholser , who withdrew with hand and wrist injuries and said he would not have been able to play the tour championship even if he had made it .
the outside skin is made of a teflon like material etfe ethylene tetrafluoroethylene . composed of two layers , it s separated by an interior passage that allows the building to breathe like a greenhouse .
all the fish were dead or dying from stings and stress by the time the boats reached the pens , he said .
we know their core circadian rhythm changes when they hit puberty , phillips said .
the violence adds one more destabilizing factor to conflict ridden lebanon , already in the midst of its worst political crisis between the western backed government and pro syrian opposition since the end of the lebanese civil war .
fashions change .
the guy was a true blue realtor , said barbara matthopoulis , the association s spokeswoman .
international pressure over iran s disputed program increased last week when iran announced that it had successfully enriched uranium .
saudi arabia s justice minister abdullah bin mohammad al sheikh told al jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the saudi justice system .
vista , which microsoft introduced on jan . , also marks the first major operating system upgrade in more than five years from the world s biggest software maker .
a date for the resumption of talks has been long awaited after they stalled a year ago when north korea walked out in protest at us financial sanctions .
the pbs journalist admits it wasn t much of a standard debate , because the candidates had set their own agendas .
studios argue that it is too early to know how much money they can make from offering entertainment on the internet and on cell phones , ipods and other devices .
industrial metals , such as zinc and copper , plunged and oil fell on concern any recession could hit demand .
not all teens who write about risky behaviors in their profiles actually engage in them in real life , said dr . megan moreno of the university of wisconsin school of medicine and public health , one of the authors of the study , which appears in the january issue of archives of pediatrics adolescent medicine .
cnn as rising gas prices leave drivers with ever heftier tabs at the pump , americans have started looking for ways to reduce the drain on their budget .
on a clear day , the view from the saddle is magnificent .
nearly , unionized truckers nationwide decided to wage a general strike immediately , following , dump truckers who walked out .
tymoshenko denied a report that her country would divert some of the gas that passes through the country on its way from russia to europe to make up for gazprom s decision to cut ukraine s gas supply in half because of the failure to pay .
and one day you wake up and you are that person .
the tests have shown that the new air delivered ordnance is comparable to a nuclear weapon in its efficiency and capability , said col . gen . alexander rukshin , a deputy chief of the russian military s general staff , said in televised remarks .
cnn searchers combed rugged terrain in western nevada on tuesday for multimillionaire adventurer steve fossett , missing since he left a private airstrip monday morning in search of test sites .
deploying in nimroz will mean britain has a presence close to both iran s western and eastern borders .
south korean ambassador to the united states hong seok hyun is likely to announce his plans today amid escalating demands for his resignation .
prosecutors say they plan to formally press charges within a few weeks .
an accidental overdose of prescription drugs killed former reality tv star and playboy playmate anna nicole smith , seminole tribal police chief charlie tiger said monday .
wie said she will return to stanford for the winter quarter , but plans a full lpga schedule next year .
ap correspondent sandy kozel reports fannie mae and freddie mac are both putting a hold on foreclosures .
but skeptics , in general , would like to see something that pokes holes into the story that so many people hold dear .
on wednesday , the japanese foreign minister took aim directly at president roh moo hyun in what many local media outlets described as diplomatic insolence , taking issue with roh s public statement on march that criticized japan .
among those arrested , were students , one of them a criminal justice major charged with possession of guns and cocaine , authorities said .
speaking by phone from china , where she now spends half her time , she predicted that by , chinese tourists will account for one tenth of the roughly million customers her company ferries around the u . s . each year .
the wine importing business is also murky with gray market bootleggers and improperly stored bottles , making locally produced wine an attractive option .
an ad hoc military panel reported the plan to president roh moo hyun last friday , the source said , asking not to be named .
of those , just , were accepted an admission rate of percent , the lowest in school history .
ban is scheduled to arrive wednesday for a three day visit .
baghdad , iraq cnn a key sunni sheik who united with u . s . forces to fight al qaeda militants in iraq was assassinated thursday by a roadside bomb , officials said .
north korea , one of the three nations in u . s .
the system sends the messages using a so called please call me pcm service .
bill richardson , the democratic governor of new mexico criticized the bush administration for withdrawing troops in korea .
the economy and men who have become symbols of the campaign were the highlights of the final presidential debate
in the battle against cancer , researchers will announce tomorrow that they are now perfecting a simple screening test capable of giving early warning on several types of cancer .
chris dodd says the obama team is assuring lawmakers that it will offer more specifics on how the money is spent .
the raids came a day after a suicide bomber exploded at the start of a marathon race outside the capital city colombo , killing jeyaraj fernandopulle , who was minister of highways and chief government whip in parliament .
he was , in short , quite a human being .
the memory for images that s needed for the tests resembles a skill found in children , but which dissipates with age .
baghdad , iraq cnn a string of car bombs and suicide attacks across iraq on sunday killed and wounded dozens in what has been a bloody weekend for the war ravaged nation .
earlier this month , the court awarded full custody of the couple s sons to federline , spears former backup dancer .
the power has gone off across the country frequently in the last few weeks sometimes for up to five hours at a time as demand exceeds supply .
is this the reason he changed his date of birth to coincide with that of buddha ?
eric broderick , at the substance abuse and mental health services administration , says this is a good time for parents to learn more about the dangers of inhalants
dr hwang s breakthrough was seen as particularly important as the stem cells he created were a perfect match for the patient , which could mean treatments without the risk of the body rejecting them .
the high profile four day tour comes as anger grows in washington about the size of its trade deficit with china .
the results were appeared in the journal nature s online edition on thursday .
a malaysian minister has shot down a colleague s plan to restrict women who travel abroad alone .
the interest in hill may also stem from the fact that he speaks every morning and evening to the media , while his north korean counterpart , kim kye gwan , gives only the occasional chaotic news conference .
on the trip , the northerners were eager to learn how their communist regime and leader kim jong il were viewed by south koreans and the united states amid high tensions over pyongyang s recent moves to reactivate its nuclear programs .
after that , she said , i take two months off , then i work for two months . then i take a year off .
it was a tricky movie in terms of the subject matter , she said .
so this whole broad life is summarized by him who was inspired by god , the lord of the heavens and earth , praised and exalted is he .
in its latest survey of small manufacturers , the industrial bank of korea found that . percent of the respondents are considering moving their plants abroad in less than two years .
washington cnn the united states is investigating a report of a former fbi agent missing in iran , officials said monday .
an employee reported the suspicious device at the austin women s health center , and austin police responded at about p . m .
a second stunt driver in the same car also was injured , but less seriously .
the journalists were the first to be allowed back to tibet since protests erupted two weeks ago .
six nation talks on the nuclear program are entering a fourth day in the chinese capital beijing .
far right veteran jean marie le pen does not look likely to repeat his shock success of , when he made the second round run off against president jacques chirac , but is still not being counted out .
if traffic seems a little lighter this morning , it could be because fewer people are working .
channel said parr was heard using a racial slur while dancing with her housemate charley in the living room .
platini has invested his reputation in the two eastern european nations since they were awarded the event
and people constantly talk , read and joke about sex with an ease that astonishes north american visitors .
the freshwater dolphin , or baiji , was last spotted several years ago and an intensive six week search in late failed to find any evidence that one of the rarest species on earth survives , said samuel turvey , a conservation biologist , at the zoological society of london , who took part in the search .
cnn the founder of the body shop , which grew from one shop in southern england to an international chain , has died , the chairman of body shop international confirmed monday .
police say the teens planned to post the video on youtube .
the korean film festival will start its third edition on november at london s arts hub , the barbican .
the united arab emirates newspaper splashed its front page with a picture of abdul rahman surrounded by his children , the eldest of whom is years old and the youngest of whom is days old .
travel is risky , no matter how you get there .
one of the officials said the grant should allay fears that germany is fundamentally opposed to cruise playing stauffenberg because of the actor s membership of scientology .
there has been no mention of money being paid , but it is thought that a ransom may have been part of the deal .
still , the fire damage increased to , acres , said gov . arnold schwarzenegger .
going to the all star game means a lot to me , especially my first time with the cubs , he said .
one of frank caliendo s best impressions may be that of president bush , but he says that his sendup has nothing to do with politics .
that may sound like a slight chance by terrestrial standards , but it was a biggie for asteroid watchers .
calling off rallies would be admitting defeat to those who first stole the presidential election and are now killing innocent protesters on sight .
athletes would be free to comment on the regime in china if they wished to do so , spokesperson ashley abbott said .
canada has about , muslims .
the recent arrest in thailand of john mark karr has caused the thai authorities to question the vetting procedures used to recruit foreign teaching staff .
lake arrowhead resident michael beamis said that several houses in the area are on fire , but there are no firefighters around .
they begged for their handlers , participated in religious ceremonies or became status symbols at weddings .
jon , the white house calls this a bit of good news in an otherwise tough day on employment
rapid advances in the computer and telecommunications technologies have drawn valuable business information , as well as personal communications , out into the open .
the jury worked very long and hard and deliberated at length , said patrick fitzgerald , the lead prosecutor in the case . the jury was obviously convinced beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant had lied and obstructed justice in a serious manner .
french police last year took french woman veronique courjault into custody on suspicion of killing her two babies and storing their corpses in a freezer in the family s apartment in seoul , south korea .
the party of myanmar s detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi on tuesday urged the military junta not to set preconditions for a meeting with her in the wake of a bloody crackdown on pro democracy protesters .
in general , experts recommend that adults get at least minutes of moderate exercise , such as brisk walking , on most days of the week .
the poll was conducted from nov .
pakistan s loss on saturday prompted outrage among the team s hard core fans .
it was japan s first foray into an active foreign war zone since world war ii .
played before a crowd of , under drizzling rain at chengdu sports center stadium , the game between the top ranked americans and fifth ranked north korea asia s best team and the quickest in the team world cup field lived up to expectations .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports president roh moo hyun played another political wild card yesterday , suggesting he would step down if the pro government uri party failed to acquire due support from voters in next month s general elections .
that attack killed american soldiers , from latvia , and afghan troops .
the revolutionary council of the palestinians dominant political faction fatah approved mahmoud abbas on thursday as its candidate to succeed yasser arafat in a presidential election set for jan .
with an estimated budget of . billion won , the national assembly has recently refurbished the main conference hall , which is now equipped with everything from personal computers and a large electronic board to an electronic voting system .
it is still unclear what practical purpose the expensive project would serve .
it was the second suicide attack against her in recent months and came amid a wave of bombings targeting security and government officials .
el badri s death was first reported saturday by a high ranking iraqi interior ministry official .
the landing opportunities for the day have been waved off .
that meant an increase of , to , job seekers in the to age group , the government agency said .
the french finance minister said monday the strikes were costing the economy an estimated million million a day . it s a real worry for the french economy , christine lagarde said .
barcelona closed the gap at the top on leaders real madrid to four points with a win over struggling deportiva la coruna in the nou camp on sunday .
his prepared testimony , gonzales says , while reasonable people may dispute whether or not the actual reasons for these decisions were sufficient to justify a particular resignation , again , there is no factual basis to support the allegation , as many have made , that these resignations were motivated by improper reasons .
but lula , who has cultivated ties with both right winger bush and his leftist antagonist chavez , said there was sufficient arable land in south america
the number of dead killed from cyclone sidr now at , is expected to rise yet further as the south asian nation continues to assess the damage .
last month , an audio message from bin laden called on muslims to carry out jihad against pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf .
president bush blamed murderous extremists who are trying to undermine pakistan s democracy and said authorities must bring them to justice .
madonna took david banda last october when he was months old after his father yohane banda had placed him in an orphanage following the death of his wife .
the upswing followed wall street , where many investors looked past more signs of a slumping u . s . economy and piled into stocks , ap said .
john kerry was to challenge president bush over the war in iraq thursday in the climactic speech of the democratic national convention and pledged an administration where america never goes to war because we want to , we only go to war because we have to .
thousands of singaporeans signed a petition objecting to the casinos , citing fears about the social impact and risk of crime .
a silk garment that doubles as a mobile phone .
sarkozy told cheering supporters he wanted to rally the french people behind a new dream .
with this new treaty , with this agreement , we ve managed to get out of a blind alley we ve been in for some time , portuguese prime minister jose socrates told reporters . we no longer have an institutional crisis . we re going to be ready to tackle the challenges of the future .
being incarcerated , hilton said , provided time to get to know myself and she has emerged from the jail cell with a determination to eliminate the bad elements , and bad friends , from her life . she also promised king , i m just going to follow all the laws .
the new work is reported in the november issue of the journal genome research by a team including o brien and colleague joan pontius .
after two days of soaring stocks , markets in europe , asia and the u . s . fell with new york s dow jones suffering its second worst daily points decline .
a car bomb there killed five iraqi civilians and wounded others , an interior ministry official told cnn .
this was a man made failure . this should not have happened .
sales of all film types have plummeted this decade as digital photography became the norm . every day for a year , tacey willis looked for an eye catching photo subject a ballerina , a rocker dude in a bookstore or three older ladies from the red hat society .
korea allows english teaching or e visas to only native english speakers from the united states , canada , united kingdom , australia , new zealand , south africa and ireland .
the chilean government has declared three days of mourning .
some percent thought beijing is actively seeking loopholes to circumvent , avoid or delay carrying out wto pledges , it said .
obama received pledged delegates from florida and from michigan , casting a total of votes .
thousands of people gathered in the streets , many of them university students who worked to defeat the measure , burst into singing their country s national anthem upon hearing the news .
but why are some people apparently born to be lean , while others get fat on normal diets ?
that allowed him privileges not given to other prisoners , including a larger cell , better food and other special conditions .
crichton created er in .
a central message from the study is that there needs to be more dialogue about sex in the media , particularly among parents and their children , said anita chandra , the study s lead author and a behavioral scientist at rand .
her comments speak to the singer s frankness , which makes clarkson stand out from many of today s publicist protected pop stars .
cnn spoke with the queen of clean , linda cobb , a new york times best selling author and television personality . cobb , who owns three cats , knows a thing or two about getting the best of pet messes .
founded more than , years ago , kiev is one of the oldest and historically richest cities in eastern europe .
then there was a loss of data from temperature sensors on the left wing , followed by a loss of data from tire pressure indicators on the left main landing gear
the official said the white house will not allow current or former staff to testify about internal white house matters , and has categorized niger uranium claim as an internal issue .
we live near a swamp and the crocodiles come out .
mohamed allegedly told authorities he made the videotape about remote bomb detonation to help people in arab countries fight infidels .
army commander gen . sonthi boonyaratglin said more military reinforcements will be sent to the south , but that there was no need to impose a curfew in the area , according to the state thai news agency .
the united states supports any decision by macau to release the funds to authorized account holders , hill said , noting the freeze was placed on the money by authorities there . and with that , we are stepping out of this process .
namibia , which has a population of million , is rich in diamonds and minerals such as uranium , zinc and cobalt .
the benchmark s p asx index fell . points , or . percent , to . points in the first minutes of trade , while the broader all ordinaries index lost . points or . percent to . .
the comments came after henry hyde , republican chairman of the house international relations committee , sent a letter to the top u . s . envoy in seoul tuesday supporting his stern stance on north korea .
washington cnn the airline industry on monday blasted a proposal from the department of homeland security to require air carriers to collect the fingerprints of foreign air travelers departing the united states .
there has been a steady increase in rocket and mortar launchings from gaza since hamas took control of gaza last year , but the strikes rarely cause casualties .
after weeks of negotiations , the florida democratic party said monday it will not hold a second primary in the state .
libya has distributed funds to more than half the libyan families of children with hiv under a deal involving the medics who allegedly infected them , a spokesman for the families said on tuesday .
since , selections from the commandments have been painted on school walls , carved on statues , printed in iraqi newspapers , splashed across huge billboards , framed and placed on the walls in government offices all of which are controlled by the state , saddam s baath party or saddam s son odai .
the year old hotel heiress was released from jail early tuesday after being sentenced to days in jail for driving on a license that was suspended after she pleaded no contest in january to alcohol related reckless driving . her jail term was cut almost in half for good behavior .
also sunday , a parked car bomb exploded outside a fuel station in southwestern baghdad , killing at least one civilian and wounding five others sunday , an interior ministry official said .
despite prices returning into the danger zone for consumer nations , opec s secretary general said there was no need for the cartel to pump additional crude as the gains were due to political tensions , not a shortage of supply .
steven monjaraz itunes user
the koreans have the third largest troop contribution to the u . s . led operation iraqi freedom after the united states and britain .
they mill about the dump , waiting for the next truck to arrive , hoping for enough discarded food to get them through the day .
modern humans owe better healthcare and longer life spans to this innovation .
navy warship has arrived on the scene .
last year ford s share of the us car market slumped to . , the lowest it has been since the late s .
and patricia meunier lebouc , , was about to show she was no jean van de velde .
kingsley amaning , the u . n . s humanitarian coordinator for chad , said more than , people from darfur , in sudan , have fled into official refugee camps in eastern chad .
but beware that street cabs can be dangerous .
meanwhile , the air travel industry is continuing to expand operations despite the challenges facing some airlines .
violence became a leading cause of death for iraqi adults and was the main cause of death in men between the ages of and years during the first three years after the invasion , the study said .
hunger for millions with a sharp fall in crop yields in africa .
speaking after two days of congressional testimony by the top u . s . officials in iraq , bush credited his deployment of nearly , additional troops last year for a major strategic shift in the conflict .
the seoul metropolitan police agency s foreign affairs division said the clients were attempting to avoid school fees for their children studying in canada .
she was feet inches tall and weighed just pounds , for a bmi of . .
the government welcomes the decision by the u . s . military to take strict measures , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
if the agreement holds , the asian games would be the first large sports event in which a united korean team participated .
dawson gave kim a sweater with the u . s . national ski team logo on it . he will spend more time with his family and visit holt international children s services before leaving for the u . s
but some analysts saw the new target becoming a reality much sooner .
philippine president gloria arroyo has survived a second attempt to impeach her over allegations of corruption , human rights abuses and election fraud .
king philip iv of spain selected the diamond in as part of a dowry for his daughter , the infanta margarita teresa .
she avoided publicity associated with the titanic and even insisted that her funeral take place before any public announcement of her death , kamuda said .
the overhauled museum also features an extensive welcome center and auditorium , along with new dining facilities .
in addition to abdulla , police also arrested dr . mohammed asha , a jordanian educated physician who moved to england two years ago , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation .
when surgery is completed he will be an inch taller than his stunning ex model wife carla bruni sarkozy .
coast guard petty officer kelly parker said five people believed to be members of the makah tribe shot and harpooned the whale saturday morning .
but a north korean spokesman said the us had first to lift financial sanctions before talks could go ahead .
i m as surprised as anybody i was able to make a from over there .
new york cnn health officials suspect pet deaths in oregon are related to the nationwide pet food recall , the oregon veterinary medical association said wednesday .
the weather has paralyzed transportation , frozen the power grid and delivered a . billion hit to the economy , according to figures released wednesday by the civil affairs ministry .
red cross jim gweaton says his crew has been busy keeping those working the levees warm and well fed
the new format will bring pcs in line with where the broadcast industry is going .
recovery operations have ended for the night because conditions became dangerous for workers as darkness set in .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
meanwhile , researchers in london described a truman syndrome patient in the british journal of psychiatry in august .
the inquest jury also specified that paul s drunk driving and a lack of seatbelts contributed to their deaths .
cnn it appears the global food crisis can be averted .
during the flu season , half of children at day care centers in san diego were vaccinated .
we covered the whole range of the dolphin twice , turvey said . it is difficult to see how we could miss any animals .
and he called for japanese apologies to be matched by concrete actions .
on december , opposition leader benazir bhutto and about others died in a gun and bomb attack in rawalpindi .
the court papers lay out a virtual laundry list of mental health diagnoses . chief among them were obsessive compulsive disorder , depression , insomnia and a brief psychotic disorder .
the level was four times higher than that recorded in last year s yellow sand period .
i have always believed that we are not alone in this universe , he said in a speech to a small gathering of scientists , astronauts and government officials sunday in colombo where he lives .
kenyan lawmakers unanimously approved a power sharing deal tuesday aimed at salvaging a country once seen as one of the most stable and prosperous in africa , bringing together two men whose dispute over the presidency unleashed weeks of deadly violence .
world leaders should adopt a comprehensive treaty against terrorism as soon as possible , he told a conference on thursday marking the first anniversary of the march madrid train bombings that killed people in al qaeda s worst attack in europe .
the crew of the atlantis is spending the day today checking out the shuttle for any launch damage
she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family .
south korea s ban ki moon has taken over as secretary general of the united nations the first asian to hold the post in years .
the amoeba enters the human body through the nose .
rashid qureshi , a spokesman for musharraf , called the accusations ridiculous and said the election will be free , fair and transparent .
he also admitted thursday he is not satisfied with the investigation into her death , making his comments to reporters in a rare news conference held in english .
but , they added , your lament that you are a victim in a process you helped direct is self serving , misleading and , as head of the intelligence community , an admission of failed leadership .
populations surrounding the mediterranean sea , such as greece , spain and italy , tend to eat these foods , and governments there have joined forces to apply for their diet to be placed on the united nations educational scientific and cultural organization s unesco heritage list .
defense secretary robert gates has formally ordered the air force , navy and defense logistics agency to conduct an inventory of all u . s . nuclear weapons and nuclear weapon related materials to make sure all items are accounted for , according to a pentagon memo released thursday .
those missing may be victims of mass executions thrown into unmarked graves , they may be captured or abducted , they may be arrested at their homes and then die in custody , the statement said .
gonzalez , who said he has never seen pepper spray used at a match , said a few spectators yelled at him in spanish .
the driver of the second truck was hospitalized under police custody .
rohani was the helmand based reporter for bbc world service s pashto language service .
asked whether he supports sen . christopher dodd s call sunday for general motors ceo rick wagoner to step down , obama did not respond directly . but he said generally that if this management team that s currently in place doesn t understand the urgency of the situation and is not willing to make the tough choices and adapt to these new circumstances , then they should go .
ktx trains will make trips along two routes , the kyongbu and the honam lines .
possibly faded pigment , cotte suggested , or possibly a poor attempt to clean the painting .
a north korean nuclear test would be a provocative act , us secretary of state condoleezza rice has said .
the whole purpose of the trip is to accelerate the pace of disaster relief , said ban spokeswoman michele montas .
they reported them to police , who have a standard question form specifically for ufo sightings .
they were killed unjustly and wrongfully .
in the chinese provinces of inner mongolia and xinjiang the causes are reasonably straightforward , and in many ways they area is an exemplar of the situation in developing countries worldwide .
the fbi has been in the process of speaking to the survivors .
the situation continues to deteriorate , fire chief bill metcalf said at a . m . pacific time , with numerous structures lost across the county .
federal regulators this morning adopted sweeping new rules for credit card companies that will keep them from raising the interest rate on your current balance .
more than half a million suspected communists were killed during his rise to power in the s .
the maestro fought a long , tough battle against the pancreatic cancer which eventually took his life . in fitting with the approach that characterized his life and work , he remained positive until finally succumbing to the last stages of his illness .
officer of consumer goods maker marico , which owns the premium sundari ayurvedic line in the united states , said it may be hard to apply western standards and quality control to these traditional therapies and their natural ingredients . you can t put a barcode on every amla gooseberry or ensure standards of every root from a jharkhand eastern india forest .
however , there are not that many virgins in new york city .
the first goal relates to writers jurisdiction in new media , verrone said , meaning that any content written by guild members specifically for new media , such as the internet or cell phones , will be covered by their contract .
the web site bringmadeleinehome . com was launched on may and it changed to findmadeleine . com on wednesday .
chavez personally invited stone to join the rescue delegation after the pair , who say they are mutual admirers , met for the first time last week in caracas .
the national assembly voted on the pension revision bills introduced by the ruling uri party and the largest opposition grand national party .
baras stumps for money from evangelical christians to support jewish settlements in the occupied territories land she calls biblical israel .
i would like to thank sir alex ferguson , the fans and everyone at the club for the great support i have received over the years .
all of you gotta vote .
one set off a bomb inside a crowd of iraqis protesting against the israeli airstrikes .
it will be the first tangible step to be taken in accordance with the six party agreement that calls on north korea to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor and reprocessing facility in return for , tons of heavy fuel oil as agreed in february .
oil prices are rebounding from the thirteenth month low to top a barrel .
the top us military leader in iraq , gen david petraeus , has recommended a suspension of troop withdrawals after july to protect gains in iraq .
glasow , who kept the beatles moptops trimmed on the set of the films a hard day s night and help !
rescuers took women and men to a hospital , police added .
during the talks , the north hopes to find a negotiated way out of financial restrictions imposed by the united states for its alleged illegal activities , such as counterfeiting and money laundering . washington promised to set up a working group within the six party framework to discuss sanctions .
how would their wives react if these men announced they were having a midlife crisis ?
an interior ministry spokesman , brig . gen . abdul kareem khalaf , said , we have revoked blackwater s license to operate in iraq .
the four men had been hired by rodrigues for a total of , , rands to commit the crime and posed as delivery men to gain access to the home of baby jordan s grandparents , prosecutors said .
a senior u . s . official in charge of refugee issues has clarified washington s policy toward north korean defectors in china , saying the bush administration is ready to accept all bona fide refugees but believes the most appropriate solution would be for them to go to south korea .
antichrist is the best person in the world , he says .
this is going to be our last ditch effort to resolve the credit default problem , said lim young rok , director general at the ministry of finance and economy s financial policy bureau .
this morning they did diagnose him as suffering from a mild heart attack . . . they attributed it to stress and diet , said his attorney , phaedra parks , in atlanta .
sun , surf , winds and humidity are eating at their features .
european super cup winners milan were brought back down to earth at the san siro on monday , as fiorentina held them to a draw in serie a .
authorities were re examining an incident that happened last month at the u . s . canadian border , new york police commissioner ray kelly told cnn friday .
the er , sold by evolution robotics inc . , resembles neither a dog nor the robotic stars of science fiction movies .
also in recent days fatah and hamas supporters have been tossed to their deaths from high rise buildings .
gen . david petraeus , commander of u . s . forces in iraq , told the army times in an interview friday that he believed at least two of the soldiers are still alive .
one of the things about the internet is that people generate all kinds of stuff .
sen . john kerry , a massachusetts democrat , welcomed the move . he had no place on our government s terror watch list , and i m pleased to see this bill finally become law , kerry said .
the leader of an islamist militant group may be among the insurgents killed as lebanese forces overtook a palestinian refugee camp where militants had holed up and staged attacks for months , according to a lebanese official and media reports monday
they say there was no spill , but that everyone who was within a one mile radius has been evacuated as a precaution .
we re gonna have a full day and up about one o clock tonight in prescott , arizona , the old capital of arizona where barry goldwater used to end up all his campaigns .
the plan calls for the private sector to invest in building towns specialized for a corporate purpose in accordance with government design .
putin called on gecf members to establish their headquarters in st . petersburg and promised to grant the group diplomatic status .
lee dong kwan , spokesman of the team , told reporters that the next government will seek alternative legislation replacing the current newspaper law to give press companies more autonomy .
he said he has not changed his position on musharraf , the man who overthrew him in a bloodless military coup in .
the party has proposed to cut . trillion won . billion from next year s government spending , but the spending plans its members want approved have led the party s floor leader , kang jae sup , to call for self restraint .
one of the injured was an employee of atk , the company that makes the segments , and the other was a railroad employee , she said .
the fed , the us central bank , is trying to keep the us economy from slumping into recession and us and european stocks took heart from the move .
u . s . and nato troops have been battling a resurgent taliban in southern afghanistan for months .
that decision put the pressure on the president , who had been sidestepping calls by libby s allies to pardon the former chief of staff to vice president dick cheney .
however , on substantial matters , lee and fukuda failed to agree on resuming the two countries free trade agreement fta talks , which have been stalled for about three years .
yasamie richardson , a spokeswoman for the state emergency operations center , said there were two other deaths from thursday s storms , one in enterprise and one in wilcox county .
some unconfirmed reports said the north korean leader underwent brain surgery after suffering a stroke over the summer .
roddick had revealed in february that she contracted hepatitis c through a blood transfusion while giving birth to a daughter in , according to the associated press .
they did locate uh , an aircraft , which we have now confirmed is the one that steve fossett was flying when it disappeared last labor day .
it also highlights alleged labour rights violations , such as forced overtime , workers being instructed to lie about wages and conditions to outside inspectors and poor health and safety conditions .
lloyd told good morning america that it was just sort of sinking in that his home was gone for good .
more expensive and less available credit seems likely to continue to be a source of restraint on economic growth , bernanke said .
we still believe that there is , or never has been , a homicide that kathy s death was accidental .
seven people four adults and three children have been killed in a house fire in philadelphia .
the museum is using a novel approach in exhibiting the statues , allowing visitors to stand almost face to face with the commanding , life size figures of warriors , archers , horses , musicians , acrobats and a charioteer .
it is the first central government branch to adopt the measures , initiated by local governments in seoul and ulsan , to expel incompetent officials .
the white house on tuesday dismissed an israeli media report that president bush intends to attack iran before his term ends in january .
they prompted authorities to warn drivers to roll up their windows and turn off their air conditioning lest a vent suck in a bee or two .
the egyptian said he had hoped to sell the snakes in saudi arabia .
japan has become a major target of environmental groups over this issue but remains intransigent on the issue .
the body shop chain became a massive success selling green cosmetics as customers were becoming environmentally aware .
the film , with a somber and strident soundtrack , is anything but erotic as it draws on a korean creation myth to depict man s fall from paradise to corrupted modern life .
should the dow end higher on tuesday , it would set a new record .
the modified boeing jet simulates the experience of weightlessness as it takes plunges over the atlantic ocean .
in a damning stocktake of china s efforts to halt a looming epidemic , if it does not change the way it is fighting aids .
it is time now for barack obama , the massachusetts senator and brother of the late president kennedy added .
it was the first earthquake with a magnitude of at least in days , said waverly person , a geophysicist with u . s . geological survey s national earthquake information center in colorado .
he ll be starting his international travels at the end of this month , spokesman tenzin taklha told cnn in new delhi .
in the final seconds , the video cuts to a scene showing the men lined up , kneeling in a field , before they are shot in the back of the head .
oakley was briefly detained for questioning in the case in january , when authorities first learned of the alleged plot to divulge the materials , government sources told cnn .
the zoe s ark workers were charged in october last year , having been arrested along with three french journalists and seven members of a spanish charter flight company as they tried to leave the country with the children on a plane bound for paris .
a group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iphone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with at t .
university president charles steger said the entire nation and people from many other nations are coming together to grieve over the tragedy , and he hoped it would help begin the healing process . police have named a student who shot dead at least people at virginia tech university on monday as cho seung hui , a year old south korean .
going on the road to tirelessly preach his no , or no . strategy requiring managers to fix , close , or sell any business that wasn t first or second in worldwide market share .
former president bill clinton said in february if his wife wins ohio and texas , she ll go on to win the nomination .
british authorities have detained eight people in connection with the terror probe and believe they have all of those responsible for the attacks in custody .
the . magnitude quake struck the county seat of ning er shortly after a . m . , said china s official xinhua news agency , citing the government s seismological bureau .
south east asian countries have also been much quicker to let financial markets flourish .
the dow is now down from its all time high .
the association violated the terms of lafave s probation , which forbade her to have contact with anyone under , the sheriff s office said .
here we go again , on janet jackson s wardrobe malfunction at the super bowl .
obama leads clinton in total delegates , to , , but it s likely neither candidate will get the necessary , delegates needed to clinch the nomination before the democratic national convention in august .
cnn saudi authorities announced wednesday that they have arrested hundreds of people over the past six months for allegedly having ties with al qaeda and planning terror attacks against major oil installations in the country .
they depict each other as a u . s . poodle and a diplomatic buffoon , but french presidential candidates nicolas sarkozy and segolene royal would have remarkably similar foreign policies in office .
fresh off a triumphant academy awards appearance in which his climate change documentary an inconvenient truth won two oscars , gore drew overflow crowds as he testified before house and senate panels about a true planetary emergency if congress fails to act . read more about gore s oscar night speech
police officers tried to keep order .
morgan tsvangirai said he believed his movement for democratic change had won saturday s election but declined to declare himself the winner .
a judge on monday ordered that a forest ranger who admitted to starting the original fire on gran canaria be held in solitary confinement . he had been angry over his work contract , the archipelago s supreme court said .
te kanawa was sued by concert promotion company leading edge after the planned concerts in with singer john farnham fell through .
martin was taken to a nearby lifeguard station , and a medical helicopter was called in , but he apparently bled to death at the scene , the statement said .
construction , which began just , days ago , has been frenzied at times , one storey rises every three days .
mccain says he may vote against some of barack obama s ideas , but he likes the president elect s cabinet picks , paying special attention to secretary of state
by imposing a state of emergency , musharraf suspended pakistan s constitution and put elections that had been scheduled for january on indefinite hold . press freedoms have been curbed and independent television stations taken off the air .
the world s top energy watchdog is preparing a sharp downward revision of its oil supply forecast , according to a report in the wall street journal .
the explosion happened early in the morning before the restaurant opened , killing a passer by , said city police commissioner prasun mukherjee .
when contacted , the ftc confirmed that the iron fisted regulator is scrutinizing qualcomm korea but refused to elaborate .
park chung hee in the military coup , was chief of the korean central intelligence agency kcia , predecessor of the national intelligence service nis , between and .
the comments came as the united states and its allies circulated a draft resolution widely seen as paving the way for military action .
world rushes to a fix
but as the film continued to progress from the drawing boards to finished product , walton stayed in the picture .
but a standoff continues at a jewish center in the city , said a spokesman for the israeli foreign ministry .
the senate intelligence committee will be hearing from leon panetta today .
it s not the first time carter has criticized britain .
the bodies of more than men , women and children have been recovered from the river tigris in the town of suwayra , south of baghdad .
a diminutive attacker , park converted a rare header just before the first half whistle to give united a lead over the hosts at craven cottage , west london , after owen hargreaves opened the account in the th minute with a set piece gem .
oscar organizers insist their show will come off as planned , with or without the writers .
the tag is almost years old and reads yames towne . its space voyage is meant to commemorate the th anniversary of jamestown settlement in .
and though there are any number of bloggers and commenters who attempt to keep their postings and responses on a civil level , all too often interactive web sites descend into ad hominem attacks , insults and plain old name calling .
in typically harsh rhetoric , the reclusive communist state demanded on saterday that japan stay away from the negotiations , and also condemned the united states as fanatic warmongers who destroy peace and security on the korean peninsula .
their border is the world s most heavily fortified .
there are about , jews living in india , a predominantly hindu nation of . billion people .
they detained two monks , one from each denomination , rosenfeld said .
and as technology develops and the marketing machines go into overdrive , customers are buying better , faster and sleeker machines and discarding the old ones with the rest of the household rubbish .
from one corner of the world to another , a financial bloodletting is underway at the new york stock exchange .
they are expected to discuss the fight against the taliban and al qaeda and the growing number of civilians killed in coalition military operations .
the owner initially only paid a fine of about , and has returned to work .
for the first minutes , the camera zooms in on what appears to be three u . s . coalition warships , some distance away , and a helicopter flying above the vessels .
he even grabbed a baton and playfully led the piece orchestra before heading back home .
bhp billiton fell . percent and anglo american by . percent , while bp and total also declined .
seoul officials said yesterday that the international atomic energy agency informally notified a government delegation at iaea headquarters in vienna last week of its plan to send inspectors in the middle of december .
mad cow disease causes spongy holes in the brain .
yahoo inc . announced tuesday that it had hired veteran technology executive carol bartz as its new ceo .
the band was created in with seven members , all korean diplomats .
in march , americans drove billion fewer miles than in march of .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan initiated the move , saying it would create equality in turkey s higher education .
first reported wednesday that the couple would announce the split imminently .
the korea times reports agreement was made during a meeting of party lawmakers at the national assembly .
he s also a nominee of the people nominated for the nobel peace prize .
washington cnn scientists think they have figured out why pregnant women don t lose their balance and topple over despite ever growing weight up front .
but the bush cheney website says kerry only chose edwards after his first choice for a running mate turned him down .
birkhead and stern each claim to be the father of smith s nearly month old daughter , dannielynn .
n . k . celebrates the th anniversary of the establishment of the labor party .
the real growth in round the clock operations has been in the service sector .
the wreckage was in an area with steep terrain among heavy timber and brush , just yards from where the last radar signal from the plane was detected , yakima county sheriff s deputy dan cypher said monday night .
rice said president bush had kept his promise to remain committed to israel s security , and she characterized the alliance between the two nations as one of the most vital relationships the united states has .
we approached this product much like an automotive company might with a concept car , said mark johnson , radio flyer s product development manager .
about , registered sex offenders in maryland will be required to post no candy signs on their doors on halloween night .
it would pay million to hindu , vegetarian and other groups more than a year after a seattle lawyer sued the fast food chain , alleging it failed to disclose the use of beef flavoring in its french fries .
penguin now has more than . million copies in print and has sold close to , copies nationwide in just three weeks .
after months of standing by his top prosecutor and close friend , bush spoke briefly in texas to praise gonzales , saying the attorney general endured unfair treatment that has created harmful distraction at the justice department .
the magnitude . quake struck at a . m . gmt off the noto peninsula on the sea of japan coast .
but it is often dismissed as diet food , low in calories but with little to brag about nutritionally .
snow underwent surgery to have the growth about the size of his pinky fingertip removed from his pelvic area , and doctors found that his cancer had metastasized , or spread , to his liver , said snow s deputy , dana perino .
the ancient battle of thermopylae was the stuff of s first certified blockbuster as the bloody action tale debuted with million over opening weekend , according to studio estimates sunday .
barak obama is the son of a black man from kenya and a white woman from kansas .
the daily joong ang reports the ability of emerging markets to offer u . s . consumers low cost alternatives to korean products is hurting the country s u . s . market share , according to the korea international trade association .
darrell roberson , a year old employee of a real estate firm , discovered the two , his wife clad in a robe and underwear .
protests also are planned in london , and police said they were deploying about , officers to guard the torch as it makes its way along its mile kilometer route .
sarkozy has come under increasing pressure to take a stance on the unrest . he said he had not yet made a decision on what to do , but the mere suggestion of a boycott represented a clear threat to chinese authorities .
it is an unacceptable provocation , presidential spokesman yoon tai young said in a statement after a national security council meeting .
ching cheong , who was the chief china correspondent for singapore s straits times , has been in detention since april .
nearly tons had been available for sale in namibia , and the pieces that were not sold were the worst quality pieces that will now be kept by the government or destroyed , he said .
members of the chinese municipal inspectors , known as the chengguan , intervened .
the curfew is scheduled to be lifted a . m . monday p . m . sunday et , said gen . qassim atta , an iraqi military spokesman .
jeremy c . sivits of hyndman , pa . , a member of the nd military police company , will face a military court in baghdad on may , less than a month after photos of prisoners being abused and humiliated were first broadcast april th .
for some , it s not the holiday decorations at the mall that say christmas is a coming , but something else that s red and green .
british broadcaster sky news said one of the men who was reportedly being questioned lived at the villa with his british mother .
in a series of five studies , about heterosexual men homosexual men and those with red green color blindness were excluded rated photographs of women framed in red , white , gray , green , or blue , or with the woman in a red or blue shirt .
a suicide bomb exploded in a crowd of people gathering to watch dog fighting , killing at least people and wounding dozens more in the western section of kandahar , afghanistan sunday morning , according to afghan officials
three of the wounded are in critical condition .
chengdu , china cnn chinese military engineers are prepared to dynamite a potentially dangerous quake lake created when landslides dammed a river after this month s earthquake in which more than , people were killed , state run media reported monday .
and the event drew about people who competed in events like the corporate phone toss , and pin the blame on the boss .
the basic version of the ps is priced twice as high as nintendo s new console , the wii , which has been outselling the sony machine in japan and the united states since the devices were launched late last year .
the bush administration has refused to comment directly on the case .
the official said the trade minister level talks scheduled to take place in seoul as of march will cover all outstanding issues .
el bulli , near barcelona , claimed the top spot in this year s list of the best places to eat , announced in london on monday evening .
a sailor was killed in salaheddin province as a result of injuries sustained from an explosion while conducting operations , the military said .
the compromise with the opposition liberals lessens the likelihood of an early national election .
her attorneys filed notice of intent to rely on an insanity defense in florida s orange county circuit court on monday .
park , who is , is a former president of the korean bar association .
he was released on august because the court had still not issued sentencing papers .
it was the latest attack since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
in the united kingdom , percent of students are educated at state schools .
five members of the international atomic energy agency , headed by olli heinonen , deputy director general for safeguards , left for pyongyang yesterday to meet with their north korean counterparts for the first time in five years since the agency was kicked out of the country in late .
nato s former commander in afghanistan , british gen . david richards , has warned that afghans could rebel against foreign troops unless they see a tangible difference in their lives soon .
us president george w bush said he would miss mr blair .
the word for cheers is prost !
we don t think that the international spread of this virus can be stopped
dina rodrigues was found guilty of murder for orchestrating the june killing of month old jordan leigh norton her then boyfriend s child from a previous relationship .
fakhruddin ahmed , head of bangladesh s military backed interim government , visited the northwestern district of sirajganj on saturday .
hu is in tokyo as a state guest in a sign of warming relations between the two nations .
chickens are drugged to grow so large they often become crippled , mother pigs are confined to metal cages so small they can t move , and fish are hacked apart while still conscious all to feed america s meat addiction , it said . in vitro meat would spare animals from this suffering .
the group of christian fathers and children surrounded the boy and his dad , falling to their knees and locking arms .
in studies when researchers showed erotic photos to people as they underwent brain scans , they found activity in the hypothalamus and amygdala areas of the brain .
miller and schuster noticed that most of the mammoths they examined had far less genetic diversity than other species that are still alive , which may give clues into the biology of extinction .
it is the result of anti corporate sentiment , excessive regulations and prejudice against foreign capital that have been widespread since the launch of the roh administration , said na seong rin , an economics professor at hanyang university .
this task and no other must be our nation s trade policy priority .
basketball has become a top sport , and viewers can watch several nba games a week in china s major cities .
we feel that they ve given up , and they re just waiting for these miners to expire , olsen said .
the exercise began with a mock alert at the tsunami warning centre in hawaii .
rescuers continued their attempts to save those trapped beneath the rubble at schools , businesses and homes .
then , when the teenagers get to school , they slump over their desks to snooze .
on tuesday , another crash in the same area of rural kenya killed people when the bus they were traveling in rammed a truck head on .
pro tibet activists have been demonstrating outside chinese embassies around the world .
along with the utilities questions , he apologized publicly just three days after taking office for not declaring , in political donations .
retail analyst britt beamer says even today s big cuts won t reverse the one of the most dismal shopping seasons in some forty years .
radical islamist web sites acknowledged al libi s death .
the fighting has been heaviest in basra , iraq s second largest city and major oil port , and a u . s . military analysis of the battle indicated the government push was not going as well as american officials had hoped , several u . s . officials said friday .
three of angelina jolie and brad pitt s six children made the list
scientists already are observing declines in polar krill populations that could be tied to a decrease in annual winter sea ice .
the report also said the economic benefits could actually exceed the costs in many cases .
omaha based berkshire has about billion in cash and is looking to invest .
the french model is made from natural materials including polymer and pig tissue , which have already been used in heart valves implanted into people .
south korean officials have played down the impact of the u . s . subprime crisis , saying the nation s economic fundamentals are strong .
most of the people working on the bridge were local farmers , the agency said .
afp mcdonald s said it has instructed its meat suppliers to phase out the use of growth promoting antibioticsanimal husbandry on june thursday in the service of the wider public health battle on antibiotic resistance in humans .
five of the victims were dead when authorities arrived on the scene . the sixth died en route to the hospital .
the colonies were packed in crates that were unloaded from the trailer and reloaded on to other trucks .
lee dong jin , who also goes by phillip lee , was detained by police .
you have to take that on to give the american people that faith back in their own government . this is their government and we ve got to put it back on their side , she said .
sen . barack obama , in an interview with cnn s larry king thursday , responded to the michigan decision .
the strike at the ministry injured several people , according to palestinian sources .
but the latest report says iran which declared its ability to produced enriched uranium for a civilian energy program in could reverse that decision and eventually produce a nuclear weapon if it wanted to do so .
rumsfeld stepped down as defense secretary in november , one day after midterm elections in which opposition to the war in iraq contributed to heavy republican losses .
below that it is a picture of a plane with a slash through it and the words no fly zone .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld suggested recently .
the rescheduling of the inter korean summit is likely to affect the schedule of president roh moo hyun s summit with u . s .
in a given evening there may be three or four individuals who come in , who ve been shot or stabbed as well as people with a number of other health problems .
the careful sourcing behind the anchovies , salumi and cheeses
satan saw my husband as a threat , eva mauldin told houston television station khou tv .
it was not immediately clear what powers the emergency declaration gives the government .
in return for the hostages release , rebels would have to promise not to return to farc , which has been fighting for decades to topple the colombian government .
the iranian backed shiite muslim party was forced into exile under former dictator saddam hussein , who was executed in december .
some . percent of u . s . doctorate degrees earned by koreans and registered to the government in the past five years are from unaccredited institutes , the korea times quoted a lawmaker as saying wednesday .
ahmed al jebouri , security aide to the salaheddin governor , told cnn the parliament member was attending a wake for a local emir of hawija and member of al qaeda in iraq who was killed by the u . s . military .
i didn t know of the terrorist attack plans before the incident took place , hatoyama said .
she carries murtada when he needs to be moved .
these island vacations make falling in love even more fun .
in maine , most of portland international jetport s inbound and outbound flights were canceled , said city transportation director jeff monroe .
rinku singh and dinesh patel are the first baseball players from india to sign a professional baseball contract .
she flew there with two men , one a russian cosmonaut who will spend the entire six months with her .
i have to admit that after five hours of meetings , i expected more , said javier solana after friday s meeting in london .
the toll eclipses that from a wind storm the killed about , people in the country , according to the database .
recently , iran s supreme court ordered a review of the death of zahra kazemi , the canadian photojournalist who tied in custody after being arrested outside of a tehran prison in , the associated press news service reported .
the education ministry said schools and universities would remain closed again on friday , when a funeral would be held .
it s time the public saw this fringe group for what they really are
witnesses said it was the worst fighting they had experienced in gaza during months of internal strife .
the accompanying photo gallery is a just small taste of the hundreds of images available .
but a few people do fall prey .
he said he hasn t spoken to his father since , when he walked away from an al qaeda training camp in afghanistan with his father s blessings .
other slaves worked as masons in the government quarries , cutting the stone for early government buildings , including the white house and u . s . capitol .
it is hoped they will pave the way for research into new treatments and genetic tests .
he has seemed to step up his presence a little bit publicly
this time , another , white collar jobs are going away .
in a test outside tokyo in early february , a prototype about . inches long and inches wide survived mach speeds and broiling temperatures up to degrees fahrenheit in a hypersonic wind tunnel .
on the beach like punta ballenas inn and almost on the beach .
it ll be their first ever concert together .
omx shares were last up . percent at . swedish crowns .
when the plane landed it caught fire , she said .
i am going to make every possible effort to cooperate with him , the prime minister said .
bhutto stressed that musharraf s regime must go beyond identifying the single suicide attacker and rout out the financiers and sponsors of the october attack and other militant attacks on pakistani forces and civilians .
she was too weak and wobbly and hinted that she was nauseous , as well .
the who says this amount should be increased to dollars a year for each person by .
sources in the australian department of foreign affairs in canberra told cnn that downer and attorney general philip ruddock were traveling on a royal australian air force plane and were not on the garuda airlines flight .
north korea has test fired two short range missiles off its west coast , south korean officials say .
iceland s exchange was also closed while the government rushed to draft a plan to deal with the financial turmoil s impact on its over leveraged banking sector .
it is set to coincide with milan fashion week , which , along with madrid , has banned skinny models from its catwalks .
russian president vladimir putin offered biting criticism thursday of what he called european double standards and stood by his country s long standing objection to kosovo s plan to declare independence .
the antitrust agency said it imposed million won in total fines on branches of the three newspaper companies .
new technology that was not available to authorities in was utilized to find that chat and more between two of the three suspects as well as others , he said .
i think it s going to be a big job for the six of us , said theresa zabell , a panel member and former olympian .
he smiled and grinned , shook a hand and spoke with the bustling support crew .
his house , on the beach on lanikai , near out as well .
if the pole follows its present course , it will pass north of alaska and arrive in siberia but newitt cautioned that such predictions could prove wrong .
the united states , china , south korea , japan and russia have been holding talks with north korean officials since in an effort to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program .
the twin developments came two days after musharraf declared a state of emergency across pakistan , suspended the constitution and widened his powers as president and military chief .
most surprisingly , the new la times bloomberg poll shows obama ahead of hillary clinton by points in indiana to percent , a state with demographics that favor the new york senator and one where other recent polls have shown her with a lead .
the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said .
overall performance was about the same as poland , hungary and spain .
the great korea miracle will continue , said lee , a conservative who took office after years of liberal governments led by former presidents roh moo hyun and kim dae jung .
humanitarian agencies trying to bring aid to myanmar are being hampered by weather difficulties of the monsoon season , a unicef spokesman said monday .
the cdc intends for the new report to be used to identify which parts of the country are doing relatively well in heart disease prevention and treatment and which places are most disadvantaged .
superintendent ron mason said the group had a permit to rally at the hall , but not to do anything that would block traffic . watch police grapple with protesters
in seoul , after a month long investigation , prosecutors indicted kim for rigging shares and embezzling some us million in corporate funds in .
once you understand the nature of the dialogue between the tissues , then you can start to think about , when development goes awry , is there a way to correct it , helms explained .
gsm is all about pretty pictures , in the form of content downloaded to your device .
attackers struck nine sunni mosques in baghdad and south of the iraqi capital in the aftermath of wednesday s bombing of al askariya mosque a major shiite muslim shrine in samarra , police said thursday .
suspect drove up , fired shots , i don t know what happened from there .
the schleicher county grand jury indicted two people on bigamy charges , and a third on charges of conducting an unlawful marriage ceremony with a minor .
the government will not comply with calls from the national assembly for reports on administrative affairs if they are related to confidential secrets that may affect national security , prime minister lee hae chan said thursday .
that gave scientists such a good idea of the object s orbit that they could see it would miss earth in .
the helpful crested butte staff issues another .
london , england cnn software giant microsoft unveiled some of its future technology at its fourth annual innovation day in brussels on december .
for royal , the debate represented a last chance to overhaul the frontrunner sarkozy , who has weathered constant opposition accusations that he is overly aggressive .
leung s indictment was immediately denounced by her husband , kam leung , who noted that a second retired fbi agent has admitted an affair with his wife .
parents send youngsters to special boot camps run by south korean marines to learn teamwork and patience .
the moscow meeting comes amid growing concern that a contract dispute between ukraine and russia s state controlled energy giant , gazprom , could again disrupt gas supplies to europe in the new year .
no one has claimed responsibility for the incident , which left the bodyguard s car and several others charred from fire .
washington has accused the north of having a secret nuclear weapons program , in violation of a pact .
the korean won is forecast to gain further against the dollar this year on globally weak dollar sentiment amid the record high u . s . fiscal and current account deficits , analysts said .
in his national address saturday , roh signaled he would make a strong drive for his reforms , with no backpedaling on principle , in his remaining four years of leadership .
like a long row of dominoes , one hour service pushes against another and forces it to fall in line .
live to the white house , an associated press correspondent mark smith
since its inception in june , nearly million people have downloaded the free program .
in that sense , my administration could be defined as neo liberalistic leftist .
the survey showed . percent of the respondents said it would be hard for roh s proposal to be passed by the assembly or a national referendum .
troops killed a saudi insurgent whose network was responsible for that attack .
we were able to address the issue of if the increase is really due to caffeine or due to women changing their drinking patterns . other studies have reported the same results but had some biases in the research .
baghdad , iraq cnn the death toll in the suicide bombings tuesday in northern iraq has risen to at least , local officials in nineveh province said wednesday .
ghanaian president john kufuor , the head of the african union , was due to arrive in nairobi , the kenyan capital , on wednesday to act as a mediator , an au spokeswoman told ap .
last week , a rocket landed in the middle of an army camp , wounding some soldiers .
the italian football federation will no longer request tickets for away games involving the world cup champions until fan violence is brought under control .
los angeles , california cnn a mug shot of the year old actress , who has been in and out of rehab after two arrests last year on drunken driving and cocaine charges , was prominently featured friday in an advertisement attacking legislation for devices that measure a driver s blood alcohol level before their vehicle can start .
it s a dangerous situation , and they should not have done it , pure and simple , bush said during a news conference in the white house rose garden . i don t know what their thinking was .
apple spokeswoman natalie kerris declined to comment on reasons for the shortage and on apple s plans for an update to the device , which is widely expected to be unveiled in june at apple s worldwide developers conference in san francisco .
citing unnamed diplomats in vienna , the ap news agency reported on sunday that the information on the north s possible test of an atomic weapon had been gathered in part from satellite imagery .
district attorney dewey hudson announced the results after an autopsy on lauterbach , but he acknowledged that questions remain .
the committee stripped the state of its delegates because its violated party rules by holding its primary on january , earlier than allowed .
last week , the mccanns prayed at the catholic pilgrimage site in fatima , portugal , for her safe return .
kim soo jinm a year old female college student in seoul , grew up watching hollywood blockbusters , and seeing an american hero take revenge on the bad guys was always fun .
interpol has determined the photos were taken in vietnam and cambodia .
the next morning he found their bodies .
people who reported having seen ufos typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky .
the storm has been blamed for at least seven deaths across the caribbean islands .
siddiqi said the taliban were holding the remaining korean hostages in three different locations .
indeed , little could have prepared me for the madness monday night when fashion crazed shoppers descended on london based clothing retailer topshop for a chance at the supermodel s new clothing line .
the sea shepherd crew have been pursuing the japanese fleet with the aim of using direct action to disrupt the hunt .
earlier this year , congress asked the white house to report on progress made in target areas for political , security and diplomatic reforms last week , the administration reported mixed results .
we have certainly pulled neighborhoods back from the brink , petraeus was quoted as saying .
still , she wanted to support her friend on her special day .
the things i like buying are things that cost about pounds books and cds and dvds .
traditional stores , digital stores and two flagship stores .
in washington , president bush and first lady laura bush described the firefighters as true heroes who demonstrated great skill and courage .
economists have cheered the new government plan as a good first step toward alleviating congestion and pushing tourism companies to improve service .
blizzards have snapped power lines and destroyed houses and farmland , prompting fears of food and energy shortages .
in the s , he started his news and comment for abc radio networks . in the s , he began the rest of the story .
but the report also acknowledged that the breakup of the crew module . . . was not survivable by any currently existing capability .
meantime , the defense secretary says gitmo has an image problem
she fabricated rumors and mislead the public , said wang bing , an official with the propaganda department of the tianqiao district public security bureau in jinan city .
a minute rain break held her up at in the second set but she quickly moved in for the kill on the resumption and will face italian th seed mara santangelo in the third round .
it is only the second time since taking office that bush has used the presidential veto .
the government has ordered an investigation , malaysian national news agency bernama said .
worst affected was the indonesian province of aceh , closest to the quake epicenter , where more than two thirds of the deaths occurred .
herter thinks the hotel experience and the foul weather played a big role in her daughter s decision .
more than , cnn . com users have contributed to a fund set up by the children s burn foundation .
the new york senator responded , we don t need that right now .
the forthcoming operating system will have touch screen capability , side by side windows for comparison shopping and a peek feature that makes open windows transparent , allowing users to see the icons on their desktop .
it is perfectly clear from the photographs the jury has been through that the paparazzi who were present at the scene of the crash had no compunction about taking photographs of the victims both inside the car and being carried outside the car , said michael mansfield , a lawyer representing fayed s father , mohamed al fayed .
the so called oxygen generating mask creates its own oxygen from the carbon dioxide and moisture exhaled by the wearer .
we understand it marks the first concrete step by north korea toward its nuclear dismantlement , japanese prime minister shinzo abe said .
the mpaa initially issued the r rating which restricts people under from seeing the film without a parent or a guardian .
the prosecutor s office in the paris suburb of nanterre , which is handling the case , refused to comment on the video images saying the investigation was ongoing .
i . e . , there are no preservatives to help it last longer or other chemicals to make it taste or look better .
there was no difference in reaction between the boys and girls , but when the researchers took away the large eyes that made the toys somewhat lifelike , the babies didn t show the same social judging skills , hamlin said .
disney thinks that they are so big we can t hurt them .
the beijing regime has welcomed aid from the international community as it seeks to help the , people evacuated from nearly areas .
years ago , roh demanded that u . s . troops leave but now he is seeking to delay u . s . proposals to move troops away from the demilitarized zone , which separates the two koreas .
critics said her september comeback performance on the mtv video music awards was lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined , two piece costume .
vienna , austria cnn oil prices spiked to a new trading high tuesday , sweeping toward a barrel as supply concerns intensified the momentum buying that has lifted crude deeper into record territory .
rome , italy cnn the vatican announced thursday in a general decree that it will excommunicate anyone who would attempt to ordain a woman as a priest and the woman herself .
the united states , which has raised concerns about election fraud in the southern african country , called on zimbabwe s government to make sure the counting of the votes . . . ensures the will of the people is heard , state department spokesman tom casey said monday .
there are thought to be less than , pygmy hippos left in the wild , and there had been concern for their future because of wars , poaching and their habitat being destroyed .
it also carries crews to and from the station .
i like to think that i am a very ordinary new zealander , not terribly bright perhaps but determined and practical in what i do .
abandoned , they find little to eat , have nothing to do and scant hope for the future , coomaraswamy said .
in , an angry voice mail baldwin had left for his daughter was made public by the gossip web site tmz . com .
the petrochemical industry is forecast to see domestic demand slip . percent .
meanwhile , the top u . s . military commander in south korea stressed that the militaries of the united states and south korea must cooperate to cope with the nuclear standoff .
the british contingent in afghanistan is among the most active nato units in battling a resurgent taliban , the islamic movement that ruled most of afghanistan before the attacks on new york and washington by its al qaeda allies .
a british newspaper splashed photos of singer amy winehouse bloody and bruised across its friday edition after she allegedly had a fight with her husband .
these new stark picture warnings emphasize the harsh health realities of continuing to smoke , said chief medical officer liam donaldson . i hope they will make many more think hard about giving up , and get the help they need to stop smoking for good .
alcoholics can end up with a shrunken brain , which is linked to dementia .
a group of four north korean defectors tried to seek asylum by entering a south korean school in beijing on tuesday , but they were arrested on the school grounds by chinese security officers .
a pakistani television station was abruptly shut down friday , after it allowed two broadcasters who had been banned by the government to appear on air , a station official said .
phosgene is an industrial chemical used to make plastics and pesticides , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
as much as we share strategic efforts , we certainly share common values , rice told reporters .
al forat , an iraqi tv station affiliated with the supreme islamic council of iraq political movement , reported that most of the casualties were women and children .
myanmar is what the junta calls the country , which is correctly named burma .
i seriously think i only heard about one or two words of the actual question .
something feels strangely familiar about alex the lion in madagascar
back up candidate yi so yeon will take over .
some analysts have forecast pricing dropping as low as , and i don t think that s that likely in the short term , unless we really go into an extended global recession .
the north s official news agency kcna has announced blastings at construction sites of hydro power stations in the north of korea had taken place .
national statistical office
a witness told cnn that ethiopian troops seized a mosque in one of the neighborhoods where the worst fighting was taking place .
the nobel foundation said gfp can help with researching nerve cell damage during alzheimer s disease or insulin producing beta cells created in the pancreas of a growing embryo .
that s why we don t like this report .
the provinces had already been damaged by another typhoon last month .
he s a huge , strangely dressed man who sneaks into people s homes at night , then yells , ho !
iran summoned uk ambassador geoffrey adams to protest against the knighthood .
three bodies found hours after the crash were those of two adults and an infant .
last week , the tribune s scared of santa web site had million hits .
korea wants the united states to make concessions in antidumping laws that seoul believes are unfair for its exporters , such as samsung electronics co . and hynix semiconductor inc . , to move forward negotiations for a proposed fta .
dozens of searchers set off into the rugged nevada backcountry saturday after analysts scanning radar and satellite images spotted what may be clues to the whereabouts of missing adventurer steve fossett .
recently , someone turned in a martial arts suit for traditional japanese fencing freshly used and still reeking of sweat .
officials from the u . n . s world health organization have confirmed human cases of bird flu worldwide , of them fatal .
rooney double as england see off belarus
on its web site , rdr books said it was determined to publish this book for the benefit of harry potter fans everywhere .
but some political leaders repeated visits to a controversial war shrine have soured the bilateral ties .
there were no immediate claims of responsibility for the attack .
the united nations estimates that about , people died and another , were driven from their homes .
bhutto thursday told cnn that she intends to visit her constituency of larkana on saturday amid security fears after last week s bombing .
a committee will now work to draw up a list of prisoner names , which will then be posted on a government web site to allow hours for the releases to be challenged in petitions to the high court , the official said .
the u . s . and the two koreas are set to meet in beijing for a third round of six party talks with china , russia and japan over the crisis surrounding north korea s nuclear ambitions .
china was expected to release a progress report later tuesday on its efforts to deal with climate change .
in the latest attack , a suicide bomber destroyed a major bridge over the diyala river north of baghdad on monday .
and this is the first time everyone knows what i m talking about .
nintendo , whose wii is selling so well that it is still hard to find in stores eight months after its launch , is not expected to budge on pricing .
a senate seat could also help him remake his image ahead of a possible presidential run in .
the report said emerging markets should remain robust next year , driven by growth in most of asia .
because pearson no longer wanted to use his neighborhood dry cleaner , he asked in his lawsuit for , the cost of renting a car every weekend for years to go to another business .
there are mre menus , and italian , mexican and vegetarian meals are represented .
one source told the times that some officials expressed vigorous sentiment for destroying the tapes .
the korea herald reports the army is pushing to change its year old uniforms to be more comfortable and better suited to the demands of modern combat operations .
the state owned mbc broadcasting network is facing its biggest crisis after triggering a bombardment of public criticism and fire from all sides following its report on ethical lapses in the research work of scientist hwang woo suk .
signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the united states in , the same year american beekeepers started importing bees from australia .
wako , who has been kenya s attorney general since , oversaw the nation s transition from one party rule to democracy that year .
where in the world was matt lauer today ?
there has been talk of shutting down the habur border crossing the only vehicular route into iraq from turkey .
frequent charter flights began in july , but monday marked the first formal service in nearly years .
the plan , they hope , will stop the stock market meltdown .
new york times executive editor bill keller confirmed that barry bearak , a pulitzer prize winning correspondent based in johannesburg , south africa , was taken into custody .
it was great levi telling me , the way to keep my voice is to learn how to sing from my diaphragm , that i was able to ultimately go and have lessons .
the muslim call to prayer is broadcast on state television in iraq , and after every call five times daily a few of the commandments are read .
the boy , whose name and age were not given , is home with his parents , police said .
the ppp on behalf of the people of pakistan apologizes to the people of the province of balochistan for the atrocities and injustices committed against them and pledges to embark on a new highway of healing and mutual respect , the party said in a news release .
meanwhile , president george w bush has urged communist china to begin a dialogue with tibet s exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
about performers , who dreamed of joining the circus as kids , got their chance monday during clown tryouts in new york for ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus .
that s due to administration efforts to battle the recession , chiefly the billion stimulus bill .
since i m only half yupik , should i call myself a yup or a pik ?
the international police organization , working off tips from people who responded to a global appeal for help , said monday it has identified a suspected pedophile shown in internet photos abusing young boys .
other examples of a decline in violence have emerged as well .
obama , in his weekly radio and online speech , says the goal is to find a way to get the country out of the housing crisis
if i bring an understanding , it will be very little because he s in a compartment and getting him out of there will take a thousand years .
chances are he ll be asked about the economy and the middle east at a news conference this hour .
sources told cnn the probe began when a bank informed the u . s . treasury department about suspicious transfers of money from spitzer s accounts .
the movie is susceptible of no other interpretation than to inform the electorate that senator clinton is unfit for office , that the united states would be a dangerous place in a president hillary world , and that viewers should vote against her , wrote the judges in their ruling .
cesc fabregas grabbed a deserved late equalizer as arsenal went back to the top of the english premier league with a draw at fellow title chasers liverpool on sunday .
harvard and other prestigious u . s . universities are benefiting from a surge in enrollment as children of the baby boomer generation graduate from high school .
the denuclearization of the korean peninsula is the dying wish of the country s late founding president kim il sung , kim yong nam said in pyongyang .
he passed out cigars thursday in the clubhouse to celebrate .
more and more women are in the military these days , and as their numbers grow , so do their responsibilities .
the latest study citing the danger to mammals involved scientists in nations .
european commission president jose manuel barroso said he was confident sarkozy would help find a way out of the impasse that has gripped europe since french and dutch voters threw out the constitution in referendums two years ago .
two series of big brother , two racist incidents this just shows how prevalent racism is in britain today .
williams looked set to
kim himself met personally with foreign ceos as long as they were committed to investing more than million here .
the tech heavy kosdaq market closed down . points , or . percent , at . .
the report notes that a separate study by researchers at stanford university estimated that the number of early humans may have shrunk as low as , before numbers began to expand again in the early stone age .
u . s . health authorities announced plans to undertake a million trial of an aids vaccine , the largest such trial to date .
china expects the talks will be resumed soon .
accused swindler bernard madoff said to be ready to plead guilty next week in new york .
the projections showed that unless significant action is taken , the nation is likely to lose up to million jobs over the next year and that the unemployment rate will probably rise above percent , a transition aide told cnn .
a year old indian national , detained in australia , has been charged in connection with terrorism incidents in britain last month , australian authorities told cnn .
the spokeswoman said the sudanese ambassador had been summoned to the offices of the british foreign secretary david miliband to discuss the case .
in europe , the ftse closed down . points or . percent at , , while the french cac fell . percent or . points to , .
many badly need the help .
there is almost daily gunfire across the cease fire line that divides kashmir between india and pakistan .
the man , who has wives and children , was sentenced to years in prison and strokes of the cane in april after he was found guilty of raping five of his under age daughters .
among the big entertainment names slated to hear the president s after dinner speech , jimmy fallon , jennifer garner and her husband ben affleck , sting , ashton kutcher , and dev patel , the star of slumdog millionaire .
two of the front runners in new hampshire are trying a very different strategy than president bush used to win .
whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran .
foreign investors turned aggressive buyers on expectations that the summit would ease geopolitical risks on the korean peninsula . the rally came after dow jones industrial average hit , .
national service program director elie segal acknowledges that some of the mayors might have doubts about the new group known as americore .
while the vitamin is found in certain foods and supplements , most don t contain the best form , d , and have only a modest effect on blood levels of the nutrient . that s what matters , the canadian study found .
the status of the ceremony has been in flux because of the still unsettled writers guild of america strike , which began november .
any of them could be a clue that people are now threatened by mad cow disease .
we expect market conditions for sub prime mortgage related assets to continue to be uncertain and we are working to resolve the remaining impact from our positions , o neal said in a statement .
archeologists in recent years have tried to resolve lingering questions over how he died and his precise royal lineage .
now tourists flock here to see the cat and to snap a picture .
according to the court s customs , his mother referred to yi seok as your highness !
before her arrested , she had been working in a strip club .
it would be enough to get it through the first quarter of next year .
french voters have sent a warning to president nicolas sarkozy and his conservative government , favoring leftists in the first round of local elections that were seen as a test for his presidency and his reform agenda .
the soil in the western part of the country is considered the best in the world for growing tobacco .
five ways to avoid germs while traveling
oleg orlov , head of the human rights organization memorial , said that frustration helped fuel the rise of president vladimir putin , a former kgb colonel who has restored some soviet era symbols and has been careful in his criticism of stalin .
this is one of the great fantasies of my life .
king of pop in fine health , jackson spokesman says
aloha airlines was founded in .
it s too early in the year to see icebergs crumple regularly but the sound is a reminder .
and even today , when we have strollers and the environment isn t quite as dangerous , having a mate still helps .
while he loves his work , depp says he s not a great fan of all the stuff that goes along with it .
the football legend is guaranteed a big welcome when argentina face the scots at hampden park on wednesday simply because of the home team s rivalry with neighbor england .
the health ministry official said lawmaker fazel rahman samkanai died from injuries sustained in the attack .
the united states will help iraq and turkey crack down on kurdish separatists in northern iraq , president bush said monday after meeting with turkey s prime minister recep tayyip erdogan .
recent reports suggest the funds will eventually end up in a north korean bank account in russia , after moscow signaled earlier this week that it would help resolve the row .
the united new democratic party feels shocked and baffled by the decision , kim hyo seuk , the party s floor leader , said yesterday after meeting with senior party members .
in front of them , hillary s coffin was draped in a new zealand flag and covered in wreaths .
pullman , washington cnn looking to recruit more women , and perhaps date some sorority women , the largest computer club at washington state university hopes to hold a nerd auction .
that was the date in when the military removed thaksin and his legally elected thai rak thai party from power .
the officials said it is less important to have north korea confess to its past activities than it is to find a formula under which the parties have an understanding of north korea s nuclear program .
a chilean prosecutor in june recommended that fujimori be extradited to peru to face the charges .
the broker , who runs a private korean and japanese language institute in yanbian , northeastern china , had advertised the fact that foreigners with a student visa can work here legally .
prosecutors are dismissing the republican s efforts to explain away hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts from an oil services contractor .
i know musharraf is described as a great ally of the united states , he s been helpful in some ways , but the fact that he has kept us away from going after these sanctuaries i find unacceptable , the former congressman from indiana said .
i ve also built a functioning industrial air conditioner .
the constitution iraqi voters approved in calls for the creation of federal regions similar to the kurdish territory in the country s north .
wang dejia , who uses the pen name jing chu , has written numerous online articles about sensitive topics in china for example , backing taiwan s bid for u . n . membership and criticizing beijing for human rights abuses against journalists and dissidents .
the iraqi government has launched an inquiry into unofficial mobile phone footage showing the execution of former iraqi leader saddam hussein .
we have a new opportunity in the last few days that we haven t had in a long time , olmert told reporters shortly before taking off for new york . a government that is not hamas is a partner .
cooper , a veteran character actor whose credits include american beauty and lone star , played a man on a mission to preserve rare orchids in the film loosely based on author susan orlean s the orchid thief .
he told the customs officials , . at that point , u . s . customs seized his money , setting off a two year struggle for zapeta to get it back .
when do we want it ?
he admitted that it would take time to establish security in baghdad , and said that violence would continue , but said it was vital to us security to succeed in iraq .
they will discuss further action .
heavy black smoke poured into the air and bright orange flames lit the night sky in sao paulo after a passenger plane skidded across a road and crashed into a building tuesday . at least people were killed .
ap correspondent mark smith reports the president has received an update from a special working group .
however , winehouse s father said a boycott would do little good .
aging population results in the stagnant economic growth .
the celtics have a deal in place for kevin garnett that not only will restore the hopes of the league s winningest franchise , but it will also make traditional eastern basketball relevant again .
pakistani president asif ali zardari has said stateless actors carried out the attack while indian authorities say they believe all the attackers were pakistanis , specifically blaming lashkar e tayyiba let , an islamic militant group based in pakistan .
after wednesday s shootings , prime minister sergei stanishev promised to review legislation on homes for children deprived of parental care .
us president george bush told a university memorial service it was a day of sadness for our entire nation .
the attack also wounded more than people , including a member of parliament , a health ministry official said .
asha s family in amman , jordan , is distraught and has not heard anything from the british embassy or from london , his older brother , ahmed asha , said .
the korea herald is reporting the government ordered a ban on the prescription and manufacture of cold medicines containing phenylpropanolamine yesterday , citing risk of brain stroke , especially among women .
nobody is ill , said hong jong taek , who is , one of the south korean workers , in a phone interview .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the two attacks are seen as major blows to the much trumpeted baghdad security surge now in its third month .
the korea times reports no sign of terrorism has been found so far .
venus williams won the wta s sony ericsson championships by defeating vera zvonareva on sunday in the final of the season ending women s event .
omar , who works as a contractor , said he is talking publicly because he wants an end to the violence his father has inspired violence that has killed innocent civilians in a spate of attacks around the world , including those of september , .
a congressional aide says the federal deficit will hit an unheard of high of . trillion this budget year .
other works in the new exhibition include pickled creatures , a flying dove suspended in mid air , a flayed human statue holding its own skin and a series of pictures of an operation being carried out .
francis tam pak yuen , macau s secretary of economy and finance , said more than million went from banco delta asia to a north korean account in a small private russian bank via the macau monetary authority , the u . s . federal reserve and the russian central bank .
i am very confident how unified the democratic party is going to be to win in november , he said in a senate hallway wednesday .
the beijing youth daily and several other papers published photos wednesday of the five babies swaddled in blankets and lying close to each other on a bed with numbers above their heads .
uneasy about pyongyang s nuclear ambitions , washington sought talks that would include not only the north koreans but also their neighbors south korea , japan and china .
the i believe license plate still has a way to go before it reaches the roads .
you might feel that your energetic kids will drive the rest of the extended family crazy .
escape africa , an animated film that has made more than million in its first days .
baseball scouts found hank aaron hitting cross handed in mobile , alabama .
about . million french workers qualify for this plan .
newcastle , england newcastle plunged tottenham manager martin jol into even deeper trouble as they won to secure a fourth successive premier league home victory .
with two best picture categories , the globes traditionally have had a good shot for one of its movie winners to come away with the top prize at the oscars .
it happened in mong kok , which is a very popular shopping district for locals and for tourists .
the remaining one seat went to chae il byung who ran on the ticket of the minor opposition democratic party dp in the haenam chindo constituency in south cholla province , the party s traditional stronghold .
sohar s oil refinery and petrochemical plant remained running at very low levels , with authorities considering a total shutdown , he said .
it was dented by overseas summer trips and a rise in imports , the central bank said on wednesday .
although the text falls short of defining what constitutes a public health emergency , who officials said it would apply in the case of a flu pandemic .
after north american and asian cities marked their th century economic booms with skyscrapers , the gulf grew eager to show off its success with ever taller buildings .
a confidential note by the international atomic energy agency iaea also said iran had started up more than , centrifuge machines in an accelerating campaign to lay a basis for industrial scale enrichment in the natanz complex .
the new year period offers visitors a magical glimpse of traditional tokyo .
abdul khaleq al sabawi , al qaeda in iraq s leader in the nineveh province city of mosul , was arrested in tikrit , according to iraq s interior ministry .
the u . s . food and drug administration on thursday announced it is blocking the import from china of five species of seafood until their importers can prove they are not contaminated .
more weight means more fuel .
at the time of that news conference , the toll was separate shootings and four deaths .
abu dujana studied in pakistan and fought in afghanistan from to .
another breakthrough for kimchi was in the early s when farmers refined the korean cabbage seed , producing a wider , longer vegetable than the chinese cabbage they had been growing .
first , the blackmailer demanded a loan of several million euros .
officials in molo say the victims just keep coming by the hundreds .
i consider myself not guilty and i will file an appeal , he said , adding that he had not paid the fine .
but even daniel radcliffe , aka harry potter himself , has not been able to charm plotlines out of rowling .
the mother s weight very heavy women tend to have larger babies
but some royal watchers said the move would further embarrass the royal family and add to an air of farce around the april ceremony . some opinion polls suggest the british public is opposed to the marriage of the prince of wales and parker bowles .
the messenger spacecraft is set for launch august nd on a seven year journey that will loop around earth , venus and mercury .
the dubai based airlines said it was committing close to us billion overall with these deals if an option for additional planes is included .
they were the first spanish casualties in lebanon .
british prime minister gordon brown said tuesday he was very sorry about gibbons arrest and that the british embassy in khartoum was giving all appropriate consular assistance to her .
on the other hand , about , students and activists opposing a possible u . s . war against iraq marched through downtown seoul .
arsenal lost both their unbeaten record this season and leadership of group h after slumping to a champions league defeat at sevilla .
but senate democrats say burris will be denied .
we will invest in land , nasheed said . we do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens .
one of them blatant cheating when he punched the ball into the net and the other an amazing dribble through the england defense five minutes later
a presidential panel yesterday began to investigate cases of suspicious deaths in the military that include a shooting rampage at a frontline unit in .
three people were hurt , all police officers .
us president george w bush has said that emergency economic measures will be passed soon .
appearing at her nomination hearing in the assembly , kim unveiled her progressive views by also supporting increasing calls to revise the national security law and reiterating her opposition to capital punishment .
you ve gotta be a little careful about not looking overbearing , and most importantly , not looking like he s being condescending or talking down to sarah palin .
it s an important study , narrowing down the specific pathway that produces birds amazing variety of beaks , agreed the smithsonian s braun .
morgan tsvangirai said such a move would be illegal and impractical .
after the war , nelson starred in a string of movies , including undercover maisie , time to kill and tenth avenue angel .
president roh moo hyun on wednesday surprisingly fired minister of justice kang kum sil , who has been one of his favorite cabinet members at the start of his term nearly one and a half years ago .
other news organizations allowed on china s tour of tibet included the wall street journal , usa today and the financial times .
and the deal would have no impact on softbank s relationship with yahoo ! .
i m proud of obama and pray for him
in addition to the unpremeditated murder conviction , hutchins was found guilty thursday on charges of larceny , making a false official statement and conspiracy in connection with the april , , incident .
women can ask for abortions up to the th week of pregnancy in britain and up to the th week in germany , france and italy .
deputy spokesman tom casey said thursday he was not aware of any new major delay in the opening of the embassy that will sit on a acre site and have working space for about , people .
previous concerts in cape town , spain and norway boasted some of the world s top musicians including u , annie lennox , peter gabriel , beyonce , bob geldof and angelique kidjo .
coalition forces were targeting a man they said was a leader in an iranian funded kidnapping operation .
american wayne chandero was impressed , standing inside the church of the nativity on manger square .
neither he nor his aides could be reached sunday to confirm the statements .
keep in mind that memory loss is not always alzheimer s disease
the year old dutch international had arthroscopic surgery on his right knee on wednesday and the spanish champions have confirmed he will need six to nine months to recover after further damage was discovered during the operation .
the number of childbirths in south korea slid to a new low last year , amid growing concerns of a rapidly aging population .
residents of the midwest are clearing away wreckage following a wave of powerful storms .
hong kong police have already arrested several people in connection to the photos .
au officers told the associated press the attackers were , rebels from the sudan liberation army .
the curfew , which took effect at p . m . thursday p . m . et , bans pedestrian , motorcycle and vehicle traffic through p . m . sunday , said gen . qassim atta , an iraqi military spokesman .
identifying the genetic code of rice will speed improvements in nutritional quality and crop yield to meet the world s growing needs , said donald kennedy , editor in chief of science .
half of the participants will receive a series of three primer shots and two booster shots
as to whether there will be direct talks with iran and syria , the u . s . official said that at this point we can t predict the direction of the discussion or interaction .
i think he saw me doing it all the time and got the idea to do it , too , yoshikuni said .
north korea s threat last week to test a nuclear weapon may have given greater urgency to improved relations between the two countries , correspondents say .
they must have gotten some encouragement from the obama hierarchy . senators like leahy and dodd can occasionally pop off , but not in a situation like this .
islamabad , pakistan cnn the approximately pakistani paramilitary forces who were reported missing thursday in the region of south waziristan have been found and are safe , an army spokesman said .
sunday s video showed johnston standing before a black background , wearing a long sleeved red shirt beneath what appeared to be an explosive vest .
canadian beef producers filed against u . s . government to reopen the canada u . s . border .
rubenstein expressed his intention to return the manuscript to the national archives in washington where it had been displayed alongside the declaration of independence and the constitution of the united states .
lee said he would work to be remembered as a national leader who saved the economy .
an error in the wording of the legislation means that drinking or the carrying of alcohol could be banned in any public area of the country .
flatbed trucks rolled past musharraf s viewing stand carrying pieces of missiles that make up the country s nuclear arsenal .
milan , with two away goals , are far from beaten and will also fancy their chances of reaching next month s final against either liverpool or chelsea when they face united at home in the san siro in next wednesday s second leg .
china has begun talks with tokyo about what would be the first significant military dispatch involving the two countries since world war ii , the associated press reported thursday .
however , the association of southeast asian nations , the region s main political and economic bloc , which includes myanmar , is powerless to do anything , singapore foreign minister george yeo said late tuesday .
before the raids the chinese counterfeiting syndicate was thought to have sold and distributed software worth more than billion .
nasa s aging but durable mars rover opportunity will make what could be a trip of no return into a deep impact crater as it tries to peer further back than ever into the red planet s geologic history .
on monday , rescuers were stranded outside wenchuan because of roads blocked by boulders and rocks .
the united states led the global campaign against iran and mobilized its full international strength to set in motion the adoption by the u . n . security council of two resolutions imposing sanctions on iran , since america was convinced that iran constitutes a real threat to peace in the region and to vital american interests , he said . this has not changed .
but he is vague about the circumstances of her death , describing it as a sensitive issue .
the workers were stuck . miles kilometers underground in the cavernous elandstrand new mine after a large compressed air pipe fell down a shaft about a . m . wednesday midnight tuesday et .
president george w . bush will be near wall street today as he talks to world leaders about how to deal with the financial crisis .
meantime , as obama gets the latest in a series of updates on the outbreak which has killed a hundred people in mexico and sickened americans in states border guards have started screening visitors from mexico , and officials are trying to understand just how quickly this virus might spread here .
you knew very well that our women don t fight , but you targeted them even at weddings .
when troops approached the house , four men opened fire on soldiers and a minute gunfight ensued .
seung hui cho is known to have communicated by cellular telephone and may have communicated with others concerning his plans to carry out attacks , the affidavit said , according to the ap .
she s talking about abusive home loans .
writing in a british newspaper sunday , brown said the change was needed to cover a shortfall in donors which led to more than , people in britain dying each year awaiting transplants , a situation he called an avoidable human tragedy .
congressional leaders are working through the weekend on the bailout plan .
our crisis management has improved substantially , said yasuhiro itakura of the cabinet office in charge of the program .
fear of aftershocks and more landslides caused by the loosening of soil waterlogged by overnight rains continued to plague the quake zone and keep residents jittery .
kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban militants opened fire at a military ceremony in the capital sunday morning .
in my humble judgment , that would get everyone s attention the attention that is not being paid at this time , warner said .
however , boyer said french law did cover copies of the newspaper printed in france and
the two countries have recovered from the rift over spain s withdrawal of its troops from iraq , she said , but spain s communications with the cuban government remain a sore spot .
virunga national park is located in a lawless swath of eastern congo , bordering rwanda and uganda , that the country s government has struggled to bring under control for years .
visit friends of the elephant seal s web site to learn about these funny looking marine mammals and to get recommendations for the best places to find them .
they were very motivated they were very excited , journalist tomas etzler said from the everest base camp at , meters , ft .
asked why he should be president , the longtime consumer advocate said , because i got things done .
more than million in online sales were lost to fraud in .
end in sight for us recession
democracy , liberty , opportunity , and unyielding hope .
nearly half the vehicles sold in america are trucks . honda , mercury and toyota s lexus division have jumped into the suv market .
what he got instead is a year old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old chinese ammunition to the u . s . military to equip allies in afghanistan .
a hearing on a presentencing report is scheduled for june .
it is my life as a woman that starts now .
trying to settle a rancorous divide in the largest opposition party , kang has devised a system that guarantees that the views of the party faithful and the general public are given equal weight in choosing a candidate .
hezbollah denied israeli claims that a bunker housing its leaders in south beirut had been bombed overnight .
searchers using boats located the missing divers at a . m . saturday p . m . et friday , the official said .
gere , a buddhist who has been active in the movement to free tibet , appears in the tv ad for fiat s new lancia delta , using the car to whiz from hollywood to the snows of the himalayas , where he plays with a group of young buddhist monks .
the florida supreme court gave al gore a key legal victory in his presidential campaign , ruling that ballots being recounted by hand in three heavily democratic counties must be included in the state s final vote tally in its election for the nation s rd president .
while the exact contents of the minute movie , due to be released by march , are unknown , wilders has said it will underscore his view that islam s holy book is fascist .
it was not worth it .
and with days to go until election day , we get more in today s installment of the contenders .
thousands of video cameras , sharpshooters , and air patrols will be used to safeguard the swearing in .
the chinese have responded to past reports by saying they pose no threat and accusing the us of seeking excuses to sell weapons to taiwan .
more than . million copies of her books are in print , she s a mainstay on the essence magazine list of best sellers , and two titles , afterburn and the anthology love is never painless , were new york times best sellers .
sea level rise is seen as a key consequence of global warming , and much of the concern has focused on the big ice sheets that contain the vast majority of the world s ice .
estonia s defense minister said thursday there was a possibility the russian government was involved in massive cyber attacks that have crippled the baltic nation s web sites this month .
from the tryouts in new york only six clown hopefuls were selected .
and the curious case of benjamin button received a nod for just one cast member cate blanchett , who plays pitt s love interest , was shut out .
a central passage in a speech obama gave saturday aimed at convincing voters that his campaign is not just about lofty rhetoric is adapted from one that patrick used in his campaign , the obama campaign said when asked about it .
that demand runs counter to the policy of many agencies .
professor kang sung keun at seoul national university , one of hwang s lieutenants , sunday argued the embryonic cell batch featured in the u . s . journal , science , in , is the real thing .
geoffrey golden of meteor games says , if we had the answer , we would be gazillionaires . it s what marketers , what everyone is trying to figure out .
brandon saunders , , had been saving his allowance and birthday money for months to get one of apple inc . s coveted iphones .
shi was sentenced to years in after sending an e mail about chinese media restrictions .
later at a forest lodge the staging point for tiger safaris we saw another vehicle that had been gored the same day by a tusker , possibly the one we met .
chad president idriss deby was believed to have wanted his son to succeed him , but this choice was widely unpopular , even by some of his own family , who viewed brahim as unfit to govern .
he added the move was partly due to deterioration in the korea u . s . relationship .
in fact , without the ozone layer , life as we know it could not exist .
she said the initial quake lasted about a minute and that many residents fled their homes to find safety in open areas . others moved into tents after their homes were damaged , said a retired schoolteacher who only gave her surname , dong .
the deal fell through when francis found he already owned video footage of dupre .
apologizing because i said the government is a liar when they accused those guys to be supporting terrorism ?
the criticism marked a reversal for the al qaeda leader , who had praised hezbollah s performance in the month long war between the shiite militia and israeli troops .
a new audiotape of al zawahiri aired to resist the u . s allies .
al masri , an egyptian militant , took over al qaeda in iraq after abu musab al zarqawi was killed june , in a u . s . airstrike northeast of baghdad .
sen . barack obama on tuesday called a comment by geraldine ferraro , a top clinton fundraiser , that he was a major presidential contender only because he is a black man patently absurd .
doctors have long known that monday in general is the worst day for heart attacks , and they usually blame the stress of a new work week and increased activity .
that agreement calls for a separate forum on bringing peace to the korean peninsula , which has remained technically in a state of war since the cease fire that ended the korean war .
in an apparent suicide , police lieutenant kang hee do , an aide to korea s no . police official was found dead near his house in wonju , kwangwon province , saturday morning .
dark chocolate and baker s chocolate contain higher concentrations of theobromine and are more toxic than similar amounts of milk chocolate .
the dow is down points .
but some video of the protests has made it out of the tightly controlled country , and seem to contradict the statement by myanmar s foreign minister u nyan win , who said the country s security personnel have exercised utmost restraint in dealing with massive demonstrations .
you reach for a compact disc and flip it into a black box .
the discs will cost about when they are released in stores in early june , with one album of music ready to play .
minorities seem to get more intervention , such as respirators , admission to the icu , artificial feedings , at the end of life when various studies have shown those interventions don t actually prolong life or improve the quality of life .
colombia is the world s most dangerous country for labor organizing .
korea has the highest suicide rate among the oced member countries and the nation has seen more deaths by suicide than those by car accidents .
emergency shelters already held , flood victims , but tens of thousands more were leaving the state entirely , as food , water and power became increasingly scarce .
north korea s media criticized south korea s new president for the first time since his inauguration in a blistering rebuke , warning tuesday that seoul s pro u . s . policies could lead to irrevocable catastrophic consequences .
tokyo , japan cnn japanese scientists say they have used cutting edge technology to create a noodle bowl so small , it can be seen only through a microscope .
elektra s fatted years , as holzman calls them , actually began at the tail end of the folk boom , around .
kabc has reported that their chopper pilot has seen to homes on fire .
the new movie co stars cate blanchett as irina spalko , a russian operative with crisp black bangs who s after the crystal skull of akator , an ancient artifact that could help the soviet union dominate the world .
to an increase in federal spending , no !
for me a total boycott , a partial boycott , is totally out of the question .
the us maintains north korea must end all its nuclear activities , whether for making weapons or producing energy , to receive aid and diplomatic concessions .
in the case of hospedaje costa norte , you re a minute s walk from the surf .
so much for free speech in the united states .
al maliki s political party , dawa , claimed responsibility for the kuwait bombings at the time but now disavows them .
virgin atlantic president richard branson said the test flight would help the airline to use clean fuel sooner than expected .
japanese media are taking sexual minority issues more seriously these days , but social acceptance remains limited and gays are still often shown as comic relief .
the reference to french president nicolas sarkozy and new british prime minister gordon brown suggests that the tape was recorded this summer .
britain s air accident investigation unit has been informed of the crash , she said .
however , opinion polls show that the majority of people in the main member states believe the treaty should be put to national votes .
deivson bobo made it two with nine minutes left before gerrard s header gave liverpool hope but a ferocious final effort failed to save the visitors .
we follow the chain of command .
china has already poured hundreds of millions of dollars into zambia s copper sector , which accounts for percent of the country s exports .
later wednesday ana ivanovic takes on daniela hantuchova .
they are poor and they need to earn a living .
marcello lippi , who mastermined italy s world cup triumph , compatriot fabio capello , the former real madrid coach , have made it known they would like to take charge of england .
first of all , we consider tibet an inalienable part of china , he said in an interview with china daily on sunday . if anyone is harboring or abetting the separatists , we condemn that .
an official at the malawi welfare department said thursday that the pop star has filed adoption papers .
on monday , he blamed differing national standards , misleading statistics and lack of communication for some of the product safety scares that have alarmed foreign consumers .
nahoe said most tourists are careful not to harm moais , but some unknowingly walk or climb on them , exacerbating natural deterioration .
fighting broke out four days ago in north kivu province , which borders the frontiers with rwanda and uganda , and continued tuesday , said col . delphin kahindi , a top army commander responsible for the volatile province .
its findings are approved unanimously by governments and will guide policy in coming years on issues such as extending the u . n . s kyoto protocol , the main u . n . plan for capping greenhouse gas emissions , beyond .
we are not pleased to have british citizens in our country as captives , he said . maybe if the uk government would have acted otherwise , we would not have had the case drag on so long .
in africa demand for water has shrunk lake chad by percent since the s , leaving only sand and scrub .
they have not only the bomb , the thermonuclear device , they have the missile that can couple with the bomb , and it can fly all the way to the mediterranean .
in addition to illicit drugs , australia prohibits the unlicensed importation of a wide range of steroids and performance enhancing substances for sporting use .
i inherited a recession , i m ending on a recession . in the meantime , there were months of uninterrupted job growth , he said .
another world title for singer rain this time , he was crowned as one of people magazine s most beautiful .
the state controlled media have emphasized wen s connection with ordinary people , showing him communing with wheat farmers , coal miners and rural flood victims .
they re afraid of making a decision .
satellite images show that pakistan is building a nuclear reactor that can produce weapons grade plutonium , an american watchdog group said thursday , warning that it could contribute to an atomic arms race with archrival india .
sens . john mccain and barack obama engaged in a pointed exchange over al qaeda in iraq on wednesday .
but in conversations i ve had with vacationers , it was obvious that they weren t going to let gas prices get in their way of having a good time .
international aid was visible , with helicopters from brazil , argentina and venezuela ferrying in supplies .
local media have reported that the two sides may talk about holding an inter korean summit , but roh on tuesday dismissed the idea as premature .
a thousand police officers are being deployed in the suburbs of paris , after seven consecutive nights of rioting .
then , after astronauts bill anders and jim lovell read a few verses each , commander frank borman said goodnight
her street was closed to traffic and police with batons were deployed near roadblocks .
after interviewing hundreds of children , the charity said it found instances of rape , child prostitution , pornography , indecent sexual assault and trafficking of children for sex .
according to the carter center , the former president s international affairs think tank , million people in countries , most in africa , live with the disease .
but , from his suburban home , one maryland teen has dedicated himself to making life a little safer for those women .
in exchange , galindo was to pay martinez , and provide him with cases of beer , cases of soda , cases of gatorade , two cases of wine , and six cases of meat , greenfield police chief joe grebmeier told cnn .
the israeli military confirmed it carried out the airstrikes in northern gaza , but offered no details .
it is of mediterranean revival design , which features decorative columns , arched windows , clay barrel tile roofs and rough stucco walls .
zink also announced that tomy co . would be its partner in japan .
mentioning his campaign pledge to make the country one of the world s seven biggest economies , lee said the goal is not pie in the sky despite evidence to the contrary .
ex american football star and unconvicted murderer of his estranged wife , oj simpson has been charged in connection with an alleged armed robbery in las vegas .
casualty figures from basra weren t available thursday , but the number of deaths is expected to rise from the to reported wednesday .
obama , on cbs face the nation , reiterated his argument that because many republicans consider clinton polarizing , he stands a better chance of drawing independents and others that clinton cannot .
sharapova came into the tournament after a two month lay off because of a shoulder injury .
the company boasts that at least one volume is in every south korean home in this country of million people .
and harrison ford and shia leboeuf for indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull .
new york based human rights watch said in a statement wednesday that it had confirmed an associated press report that the military had seized high energy biscuits that came from abroad and instead distributed low quality , locally produced biscuits to survivors .
the channel was dug beneath what would become the main road of jerusalem , the archaeology dig s directors , ronny reich of the university of haifa and eli shukron of the israel antiquities authority , said sunday .
but the official said conditions have to be perfect , and that was not the case wednesday with swells in the pacific ocean west of hawaii running slightly higher than navy would like .
that s where we can provide safe , nutritious and affordable foods for consumers .
in , tripadvisor asked travelers to rank airports according to how easy they are to navigate , the cleanliness of the lavatories and parking facilities .
critics said the tragedy revealed problems with the nation s emergency response system and a potential vulnerability to terrorism .
curtis is shown sporting gray hair and wading in water up to her chest on the cover of the magazine s may june issue , which will be available monday .
he s had his minutes of fame on the tv talk shows .
the probe is quite abrupt , say members of korea s legal community .
in talks at chong wa dae , roh and wen largely focused on economic cooperation and security issues in northeast asia , such as the north korean nuclear problem and the installation of military hotlines between seoul and beijing , according to officials in seoul .
the shrine honors japan s war dead , including people judged as war criminals after world war ii , and both south korea and china have repeatedly condemned visits by senior japanese politicians to the shrine .
.
the plane was headed from the capital city , kathmandu , to lukla airport , about miles km to the east .
you are working on a game boy version of black
the sunni fighters killed people , including three children , wounded others and set houses ablaze , the interior ministry official said .
a man ran over a group of people with his truck and then stabbed , killing at least , in a video game district of downtown tokyo sunday afternoon , authorities .
according to the korea tourism organization kto , the number of overseas korean travelers rose to . million in , up . percent from the previous , but that the number of incoming foreign travelers rose just . percent to . million over the same period .
lin s new mother decided to flee to thailand in search of a better life . she found a garbage dump instead .
but the outstanding votes are not enough to change the outcome , central elections commission chairman levan tarkhnishvili said .
coming into this market to help us buy these toxic assets off banks balance sheets .
japan s cabinet said in a formal statement that it could not find any proof that the military or government agencies coerced so called comfort women into sexual slavery during the war , repeating a similar claim by prime minister shinzo abe .
and the new political symbol
michael christian , author of the art of kissing under the pen name william cane , offers classes , and there s a myriad of how to books and dvds .
it has been sold since last august in at least a dozen states .
they re looking for a new cat who is friendly , not spooked by bad weather and has the wits to know when to come in out of a storm .
even well known supporters of clinton have declared publicly that she needs to come first in the popular vote to win the nomination .
but hezbollah issued a statement saying the building targeted was a mosque under construction and no hezbollah leaders or personnel were killed in the strike .
chung s lawyers applied for bail last month , citing chung s bad health and the group s difficulty in running the company without the chairman .
the first bomb hit a popular restaurant at about a . m . , while a second one exploded minutes later and yards away in an outdoor market in al shurta al rabeia district , police said .
one of the markers of a psychopath is that the person doesn t experience guilt at all , she said .
sandra corveloni was chosen as best actress for linha de passe , in which she plays the mother of four brothers struggling to make better lives for themselves in a brazilian slum .
he wrote that the khmer rouge was resilient in the struggle to defend national sovereignty , and in demanding social justice .
donnie halpin is the searcher who stumbled upon him
we don t want to see pakistan , with its bombs , fall into the hands of people like iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad and the mullahs .
south korean diplomats were hopeful about the group s fate .
park , who has not appeared publicly in five days , declined to respond yesterday .
both the speed of the trial s scheduling and the venue in the iraqi capital underscore the military s realization that it must demonstrate resolve in prosecuting those responsible for a scandal that threatens to undermine the u . s . mission in iraq and bush s re election chances .
and will ferell opened cold as president bush endorsing john mccain for president in talking to fake palin about the job of vp
speaking about the emergency measures , interior minister fabio valencia decried the mafia like mentality of those who want to obtain easy money . i want to reiterate to all colombians that these measures
under indian law , a person convicted of public obscenity faces up to three months in prison , a fine , or both .
the beating to death of a man who filmed a dispute between officials and villagers in communist china on his mobile phone has prompted a nationwide outcry .
nabors let the store s mega millions terminal choose his numbers for him the winning combination was the sixth set out of , he said .
such episodes have comparatively little effect on air quality in the united states .
he said these people who he did not name because , he said , that would endanger their lives shared his opinion that putin was eroding democratic reforms , centralizing power and infringing russia s constitution , according to the guardian .
saudi arabia signaled tuesday that it was proceeding with plans to cut oil production , prompting a gathering of opec officials in vienna this week to voice support for higher crude oil prices , which have become a sensitive political issue in the united states .
the most important thing that . . . to remember when
welcome to the world of the fourth screen .
new delhi cnn a tibetan woman said wednesday that she pulled out of a beauty pageant in malaysia after organizers , reacting to pressure from beijing , told her halfway through the event that she could only participate if she added china to her miss tibet title .
two university of central arkansas students are dead , a third person wounded in a shooting last night outside a men s dorm .
glenn has hunted mountain lions for years , since he was eight years old .
snow often falls in jerusalem once or twice each winter , but temperatures rarely drop low enough for it to stick .
the bolshoi theater mourns the death of the outstanding ballerina , one of the world s most celebrated giselles , the theater said on its web site .
spain s ser radio reported the recipient nation was russia .
, year old pyramid discovered
brunkert , born in in sweden , played drums on abba s first single , people need love , according to abba s official web site .
still , a u . s . military spokesman said sunday that the month old american offensives in and around the capital were starting to have an effect , reducing violence and civilian deaths .
airbus insists the a , capable of carrying up to people in all economy mode , is more fuel efficient and is banking on the jet to open up a
hundreds of israelis gathered at the school friday to mourn the students who were killed in thursday s attack .
juventus midfielder mauro camoranesi went off in the first half with an apparent muscle problem .
it was the first championship on clay for the year old sharapova , who had been in previous showings .
qarase , who the military overthrew in an illegal coup in december , returned to fiji last week after eight months in exile .
he spoke from his ancient house , built into the walls of the temple mount , known to muslims as al haram al sharif , or the holy sanctuary .
the town of pisco south of the capital lima suffered the most damage percent of the city was destroyed and aftershocks continue .
there is so far no word on casualties .
they really want pizza and beer , says judith aylward , senior food technologist at the u . s . army soldier systems center in natick , massachusetts .
instructed to be with the delegation this weekend , but she is still trying to see whether she can meet both demands .
a major relief operation has swung into operation , with teams from across the country and abroad arriving in the disaster zone .
some of the animals managed to climb to the highway even though they were all battered , but about animals remained there , dead .
we have no objections to the pope visiting at any other time when there can be exchanges of opinion , but not at the inauguration , he said .
then i began to think , it must be so hard to be santa claus brother , because he s this perfect kid .
those who favor sloth as the main cause trot out a report on what caused weight gains among , finnish adults over five years
the region has increasingly become a stronghold of local taliban militants .
the newspaper said the taliban used the ransom money to buy weapons .
computer scientist david galertner argues that although one may buy a telephone or a computer that comes factory equipped with the clipper chip , that doesn t limit an individual s ability to run any kind of encryption he or she wants .
several large dogs were running loose on the property when police responded to the scene shortly after a . m . a . m . et and animal control officers took three huge bull mastiffs and an english bulldog into custody .
the senate has seats in all .
police told a news conference at the zoo that they were now treating the zoo as a crime scene , indicating they were investigating whether someone might have let the tiger out of its exhibit .
the second trapping didn t come until three weeks later , but that first sighting kept us going , gursky doyen said , amid the cold , drenched conditions .
england then wasted chances to increase their lead , notably when steven gerrard fired into the side netting when unmarked at the far post .
in another high profile case , chinese and hong kong authorities are investigating shanghai tycoon chau ching gai and his companies , which are said to be suspected of misusing bank loans to play the stock market .
sighs mcdonald s spokesman chuck ebeling
that was nasa commentator kyle herring .
they re also gearing up for the lg viewty , a high feature camera phone that shoots videos at frames per second and , in certain markets , uploads the video to youtube with a single click .
songdo to host g prep meetin . . .
the park is in the hollywood hills , about miles north of downtown los angeles . it includes the city s zoo and botanical gardens and the copper domed griffith park observatory .
there were no military casualties in that attack , according to nato .
reuters reports voting ends in ohio at p . m . est and all voting in texas will be over by p . m .
recent bomb and grenade attacks have resulted in an additional two deaths and injuries .
al qaeda has begun an online propaganda campaign , targeting german speaking muslims with increasing amounts of terror related content , german security officials have told cnn .
the lack of observed satellite galaxies around large galaxies has been major point in the prosecution of the case against cold dark matter , said one of the researchers , neal dalal of the university of california , san diego .
freezing rain , meanwhile , glazing streets and highways in the chicago area .
motorists slid off roads as the storm cut visibility and iced over highways with drifts , sleet and freezing rain .
with the project , wright said from seattle , washington , the space frontier foundation wants to show students that they have a real chance of going to space .
a group of skiers had a fortunate escape tuesday after they were rescued from a stricken gondola that was left dangling over a freezing creek at a ski resort in canada .
the countries that economically are very diverse , with big immigrant populations , with lots of moving around , with a huge poverty gap , probably are going to show these sorts of results with education itself .
it was late , and holzman , the founder of elektra records , was in los angeles , checking out the arthur lee led proto psychedelic band at a sunset strip nightclub called bido lito s .
you can almost reach out and pat the head of mont blanc , at , feet , the alps and europe s highest point .
castro said he was moved by chavez s singing and went on to praise ernesto che guevara as a sower of the conscience .
new visitors include the vampires and humans of twilight , based on stephenie meyer s popular books
kumgang tourism and kaesong industrial complex projects in a direction that is compatible with the spirit and objective of the u . n . security council resolution .
parente said that during the arrests , police found al qaeda manuals for the production of explosives , detonation devices , and various poisons .
scotland yard confirmed to cnn that two men have been charged with trying to blackmail an unnamed member of the royal family .
hong kong has now reported cases of sars , although officials also noted that patients here have recovered and been discharged .
the inspectors are due to arrive in pyongyang next week their first visit since they were forced out of the country in .
bush hopes to strengthen sometimes shaky u . s . south korea ties under lee , a pro american conservative who took office in late february and made the united states his first overseas trip .
while not all public servants are eligible for the perk , those that were spent an average of for the year .
educators and parents have expressed worries over the reform plan , saying it would only raise household spending on private education . chairwoman lee kyung sook countered the skepticism , saying once the public understands the big picture of the education plan , they ll realize that they don t need to worry about it .
quoting former high ranking officials of the agency and former millennium democratic party mdp lawmaker kim kyung jae , who wrote kim s memoirs , the monthly chosun said that the gang dumped kim s body and the agent paid them for the contract murder .
to get the full discount , a family should have an aggregate total of years of uninterrupted subscription .
to avoid some exposure to this toxic cocktail people who buy new cars should make sure there is plenty of outside air entering the vehicle while they drive for at least six months .
it s business .
hillary clinton and barack obama will duel for super tuesday votes thursday night as the democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former sen . john edwards .
kotra reported an outflow of . billion in foreign direct investment between and .
bruce cooper is the father of marquise cooper of the raiders .
his culture minister , lee chang dong , a former movie director , caused both criticism and praise when he showed up for work and cabinet meetings without ties or in colored dress shirts .
house in july , and the netherlands and canadian lower houses last month .
we re just excited to get together for lunch sometime soon !
li yizhong , minister of the state administration of work safety , said last week he was unaware of work related deaths on the project but promised to investigate .
atlantis is carrying a metal cargo tag from historic jamestown , virginia .
police were investigating on monday how a young man managed to penetrate security at ground zero , one of the most closely guarded sites in new york , where he killed himself with a gauge shotgun near the gaping hole where the world trade center once stood .
the raids on eight different locations , including lee s office in itaewon , seoul , began simultaneously at around a . m .
cardinal law is scheduled to lead one of nine memorial masses in rome .
berlusconi said through an interpreter the president intends to meet with leaders of the group of eight major industrialized nations over the coming weeks , following this weekend s meetings here with several nations finance ministers .
secondly i want to see us getting even more young people involved in sport to combat against a sedentary lifestyle and obesity .
a helicopter crashed into a building in panama city on thursday , killing of the people aboard , including chile s federal police chief , a panamanian government official said .
the last time china sentenced an official of zheng s rank to death was in , when hu changqing , a vice governor of the eastern jiangxi province , and cheng kejie , a vice head of the national people s congress , were executed for taking bribes .
on the other hand , i love the french language , which is perhaps my true country !
the housekeeper went to tell him the masseuse had arrived and found him dead on tuesday afternoon .
a lot more americans sitting home this morning , searching the internet and newspaper for a job
another close up captures a region between the sunlit day side and dark night side of the planet , where shadows are long and prominent .
including several who appeared at the world cup in germany .
, more employees of the banking giant are losing their jobs in the months to come .
a day after talks with president hu jintao , kim was said to have met tuesday with former president jiang zemin , who remains head of the communist party commission that runs china s military .
at stake are more than four fifths of the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and more than , of the , necessary delegates on the republican side .
locals who unearthed the remains from a mass grave in the village of pandarwada say the bodies were secretly buried .
ford and volvo , which it owns , have winners in the latest list of crash worthy vehicles .
heavy rain was in the forecast for rhode island , but it wasn t expected to start until late tuesday after the polls have closed .
the future first lady on cbs s minutes saying malia and sasha obama are good with the decision to wait
according to the sources , the man , who was not identified , returned to north korea to deliver information to authorities in pyongyang .
but when you get too big for your britches , you ve got problems coming .
they are accused of shooting a disabled man in hamandiya in april , and covering up the circumstances of his death .
intense negotiations have been taking place between the two sides since the koreans were abducted last thursday .
at least people died in eastern china s zhejiang province early wednesday when a story apartment building caught fire , rescuers said , according to china s xinhua news service .
russian president vladimir putin has been told about a plot to assassinate him during a visit to iran this week , a kremlin spokeswoman said sunday .
more than tombs were discovered at the site south of cairo .
many lawmakers say they support the idea of eliminating presidential term limits , but they argue the same rules should not apply to state governors and mayors .
flying from kennedy space center in cape canaveral , florida , the jet creates the experience of microgravity in second bursts
bostock and yang pointed to yahoo s three year financial plan , its new amp advertising management platform and the fact that the company recently reaffirmed its first quarter and year end outlook as reasons they believe the microsoft bid was low .
but dutch sculptor dre wapenaar sees his creation as much more than just a novel bit of camping kit .
china boasts thousands of historical monuments from its , year history and hundreds of major archaeological finds are uncovered each year .
a brother of rasul and azrat , abdul wahab , said relatives and neighbors had gathered to greet the three hostages when they returned home .
if clinton and obama split texas and ohio , it s a new game .
in the film , which eastwood also directed , he stars as walt kowalski , a korean war veteran who is forced by immigrant neighbors to challenge his prejudices .
phelps had been bidding to win eight events and go one better than american mark spitz s golden haul of seven at the munich olympics , but his chances were dashed when the u . s . team were disqualified from the medley relay during sunday s morning heats .
she ll devote two to three years to each album , flitting between her dublin castle and the studio , where she works tirelessly to perfect every celestial chord and layer harmony upon harmony .
family members allege that police killed the pair .
in an interview with cnn s nic robertson last week , sharif said he had no concerns that he will be jailed upon returning to pakistan because i am absolutely clean and clear .
putin cast the move as a step toward european style democracy for russia and said it would ensure that russia s political bosses and bureaucrats functioned as a single organism for the good of the people .
they broke principles and violated the individual freedom guaranteed in the constitution .
but clinton backers vowed to fight the michigan decision , which gave the new york senator a delegate edge over obama in a state where his name didn t appear on the primary ballot .
i fully understand the burden of responsibility that i will be shouldering , medvedev said in his inaugural speech . i want to thank from my heart president vladimir vladimirovich putin for his invariable personal support that i have always felt , and i am sure that this will continue .
have been a huge success , prompting more than , smokers to call a smoking helpline in the past five years .
you can also link to your individual state unclaimed property program .
there has never been this many tattooed people in one room in a museum that haven t been asked to leave , said bob baxter , editor of skin ink magazine .
the accident was the second on the bond set in four days , after an aston martin being delivered to the set skidded off the road in heavy rain and landed in lake garda on saturday .
arranging or carrying out the procedure in britain or abroad is a criminal offense punishable by up to years in prison , but no one has been prosecuted since it was banned under british law in , jeffrey said .
antonia van winkelverg , the wife of convicted aid worker philippe van winkelverg , blasted the sentence in an interview with france .
kevin davies scored with eight minutes remaining to earn premier league strugglers bolton a superb uefa cup group f draw at bundesliga leaders bayern munich .
the number of international visitors topped the million mark on monday , days faster than last year , state controlled news media reported .
climate change can be beaten , but not by almost doubling the size of the world s biggest airport , said protester anna jones , .
it was unknown whether the tumor was benign or malignant .
israel also says it welcomes an egyptian french ceasefire proposal , as long as hamas stops militant weapons smuggling and rocket attacks .
president roh moo hyun instructed authorities to set up a body at an early date to deal with the recent controversy involving the tokto islets in the east sea , chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo said monday .
en route , she paid cash for hotel stays and registered under an assumed name .
they removed much of the tumor through the boy s nose .
one of the features of the world cup was the ticker tape which cascaded from the sky whenever the hosts played .
about troops secured the airport in the capital , dili , amid reports of mounting casualties in the city .
teachers unions have long opposed merit pay in public schools .
then i started making films and i never ended up doing musical theater .
. including your current work info as the best place to contact you
nearly people have been made sick in the latest salmonella outbreak in states .
the scene we re trying to visualize would have taken place before ad when the city , according to our guide fulvio jesu , was a prosperous community known for its wine and its houses of prostitution .
men seldom talked about their bedroom troubles before the u . s . food and drug administration approved viagra as the first oral medication for erectile dysfunction in .
i think that given america , canada , australia are explicitly saying that their athletes can say what they want when they go to beijing , i think it is inappropriate to put this restriction on our athletes .
active members rate the pictures online without knowing anything else about the people in them .
the meeting was held at the bankers club in downtown seoul .
i wanted to go to dubai , bhutto said . but when these rumors surfaced , i decided to change my program , she added .
london s ftse finished . percent higher , while asian markets saw similar large gains of between percent .
the democrats allege ruling party officials were involved in a plan to hire candidates to stand for small opposition parties in a april poll .
the scientific report also suggests the cataclysm also reduced the population of the earliest people to inhabit the region and triggered a , year long cold spell that stretched around the world .
salomon , , is best known for making a sex videotape with his then girlfriend paris hilton and was previously married to actress shannen doherty .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is telling the united states and iran to keep their fight out of iraq .
the yushin constitution , or the constitution for revitalizing reform , which gave enormous power to park was effective between and when he was assassinated .
while the film s box office take was fairly modest , it is about right for this transition time of year between the summer blockbuster season and the fall oscar push .
economist stuart hoffman , of pnc financial services , says the weekly numbers have not been as volatile lately
pitt and jolie already have four children including a month old girl , shiloh , born to the couple .
actor geal marini , olympian sean johnson , and the bachelor reject melissa rycroft all compete for the mirror ball trophy next week .
denmark has announced it will withdraw some or all of its troops from iraq by august , but said it may boost its presence in afghanistan .
the winger joined up with the portuguese national squad , who are preparing for euro , shortly after united beat chelsea on penalties to win the champions league .
but it has said the offer stands should the italian government and unions want to accept it . berlusconi , who won monday s national elections , has been pushing
washington correspondent brian thomas
they were with multi national division baghdad . an iraqi interpreter also was wounded in the explosion , the officials said .
but the main opposition grand national party gnp dismissed the proposal , calling it a political tactic .
since , government forest department officers have been killed .
a look at cnn polling during the same period before election day in and suggests that political observers and campaign supporters ought to be cautious in declaring the race over because of current polling numbers .
only a small number of rescuers could reach the crash site due to the bad weather and harsh environment .
the protesters first prevented lawmakers from entering parliament to hear newly sworn in prime minister somchai wongsawat give his first speech to the legislative body .
u . s . stocks sank on tuesday after the federal reserve trimmed interest rates rather than slashing them , letting down investors who fear the economy might slip into recession unless the central bank becomes more aggressive .
twice last month , roh hoe chan , a democratic labor party lawmaker , referred to classified documents from the future of the alliance talks .
says arab leaders sacrificed palestinians and calls on his followers once again to liberate palestine .
south korea hopes the inter korean railway will ultimately be linked through north korea to russia s trans siberian railroad and allow an overland route connecting the peninsula
but as i told vladimir , i think that the czech republic and poland need to be an integral part of a system .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
we have seen the stirrings of reform from morocco and algeria to jordan and the gulf states , bush told the world economic forum on the middle east .
janaline oh , a spokeswoman for the australian embassy in beijing told the associated press she could not confirm that the man had been shot . police in xi an did not answer telephone calls .
be specific about your goal .
ex none of the guests want wants to stay .
the united states stands with the people of pakistan to eliminate terrorist threats , and to build a more open , democratic , and peaceful society .
u . s . envoys have urged iraq to crack down on the rebels and held weekend talks in ankara to persuade nato ally turkey to stay its hand .
writers have not gone on strike since , when the walkout lasted weeks and cost the industry more than million .
petros garibyan , the lead investigator in the case , said the murder was political and may have parallels to the killing of paul klebnikov , the u . s . born editor of forbes magazine s russian edition .
khan heads the movement for justice party , which campaigns for an independent judiciary in pakistan .
london , england cnn representatives of the parents of missing toddler madeleine mccann are in talks with a production firm about making a documentary following the ongoing search for their daughter , a spokesman said tuesday .
our partners are stuffing eastern europe with new weapons , putin said . what are we supposed to do ? we cannot just observe all this .
it showed an image of bin laden wearing the same black beard and clothes as in the most recent video .
pierce brosnan is being investigated by sheriff s officials for an alleged battery in malibu .
tropical storm gabrielle nosed its way back toward the atlantic ocean after hitting north carolina s outer banks sunday afternoon with mph winds , forecasters said .
leonard is more like a hub he isn t sketched in
who director general margaret chan insists the dilemma is not just a matter of haves versus have nots .
in one week , you can choose policies that invest in our middle class , to create new jobs and grow our economy from the bottom up , so that everybody has the chance to succeed .
lg insists the consortium s offer of , won per share is below the fair market price .
the city has preserved a lot of its old beauty , boasting monuments such as st . basil s cathedral and gorgeous landscapes such as tsaritsino park .
the country s air force command accused the us of carrying out three aerial espionage missions in the last week .
cheney was not hurt in the blast .
with the spread of supercomputer networks , high speed computing power is available to anyone with a personal computer and a telephone .
the number one priority remains the battle against doping which we have to maintain , he stressed .
girotti , who heads the apostolic penitentiary , a vatican body that issues decisions on matters of conscience and grants absolutions told the paper that whilst sin used to concern the individual mostly , today it had a mainly a social resonance , due to the phenomenon of globalization .
it said mokbel was one of the most internationally wanted persons for serious narcotics and homicide cases .
the case pits the bride s father , who wants to annul his daughter s wedding on the grounds that it is against islam for two women to marry , against the couple , who said they married to protect the bride from being sold into marriage to pay off her uncle s gambling debts .
the iraqi government said it would extend an invitation in the period ahead for another meeting , he said .
the writers guild of america agreed not to picket the paramount pictures lot when actress and aids activist taylor gave a benefit performance of a . r . gurney s play love letters with james earl jones .
falwell , who died last week aged , was the founder in the s of the moral majority a right wing religious pressure group .
pakistani officials say thousands of people have fled fighting in pakistan s swat valley in recent days , many of them packed into hastily erected camps supported by the un and the authorities .
world number one justine henin brushed aside czech teenager nicole vaidisova to reach the semifinals of the eastbourne international grasscourt tournament on thursday . henin , the defending champion at the wimbledon warm up event , won in minutes .
the explosion could help astronomers better understand how the first generation of stars in the universe died .
south korea s joint chiefs of staff confirmed the death of year old army sgt . yoon jang ho who had been stationed in an engineering unit as part of the u . s . led coalition since last september .
north korea is not on the verge of a nuclear test and has informed china that it could drop its plan to test a nuclear bomb if the united states accepts its call for bilateral talks , a former south korean lawmaker said yesterday .
the one time commander of abu ghraib says her soldiers were made scapegoats for bush administration interrogation policies .
soon ibm compatibles from compaq and software applications such as lotus appeared , and the pc industry shifted into full gear .
it connects back to some of the earliest roots of evolutionary thought , but also connects to very real issues in human medicine , molecular evolutionist michael braun at smithsonian institution s national museum of natural history said after reading the new research .
the eu is assessing ways of resuming direct aid , while israel said the new cabinet was a genuine partner .
several times he said where he was training and it proved to be wrong . the management of the team received that information several times and today we received new information .
blacksburg , virginia cnn when the hunt for a jail escapee shut down the virginia tech campus last august , then interim police chief wendell flinchum won praise for his calm demeanor and decision making .
at camp pendleton , near oceanside , a fire has burned more than , acres and forced the evacuation of marines from their barracks and other personnel from the base .
obama leads clinton , a fellow democratic senator , in a bruising race for their party s presidential nomination , but neither is likely to reach the , delegates needed to become the nominee in the remaining state by state contests .
state department , was to speak last week before seoul s sejong institute , a think tank on security matters , but he canceled the session because of a family emergency . the joong ang ilbo reports the text of his remarks , however , became public .
the return of the king .
our mp only strategy means all the music that customers buy on amazon is always drm free and plays on any device , said jeff bezos , amazon . com founder and ceo .
correspondents say the candidates presence reflects the growing influence of such bloggers , seen as a key resource by candidates .
harvey had been the army s top civilian official since november .
he thinks obama s smart and flexible .
your alpine adventure starts in the touristy french resort town of chamonix .
based on his track record , i feel confident we ll get some good news soon .
the vote fell four short of the needed , but democrats quickly claimed victory , noting that a majority of senators voted against the escalation .
israel said a wave of aircraft dropped tonnes of explosives on a bunker in south beirut where hezbollah leaders , possibly including senior leader sheikh hassan nasrallah , where believed to hiding .
the research group said the us economy is , essentially moving sideways , if not contracting outright .
president roh moo hyun and chinese premier wen jiabao agreed yesterday to develop the relationship between south korea and china into a more substantial one .
henin , beaten in the australian open quarterfinals a month ago by maria sharapova had little difficulty against the number italian playing in her first final .
despite conservation efforts , habitats around the world are still disappearing quickly .
a reading below indicates that more households are pessimistic than optimistic about the nation s economy in the coming six months and therefore intend to spend less .
using blood samples provided by more than , people , scientists found that those who had one copy of the gene variation had a percent increased risk of obesity , and carriers of two copies had almost a percent increased risk .
since south korea has had satellites launched , mostly for space and ocean observation and communications , according to the ministry .
survivors with white sheets wrapped around their shoulders stood or sat near the wreckage .
a bitterly divided lebanese parliament adjourned tuesday without officially beginning the process of selecting a new president .
but there were gains in australia where the s p asx index rose . percent to close at , . after losing . percent the day before korea , singapore and india .
the apec nations are saying , we agree that we shouldn t be protectionist .
citywalk , located between los angeles ?
a number of ships are in southern waters on the trail of the hunters , including an australian patrol ship that plans to video the whalers for a possible legal challenge , and the steve irwin , belonging to the radical sea shepherd conservation society . a schism has emerged between the protest groups as greenpeace has pledged to take non violent action to prevent the hunt , while sea shepherd has suggested more direct action to shut the criminals down .
in endorsements posted on its web site for friday s editions , the times also endorsed new york sen . hillary clinton for the democratic nomination .
the international olympic committee said thursday that beijing s air pollution problem means some outdoor events may be postponed for a day or two at next year s olympics .
at least nine people have died and tens of thousands have been left without electricity in the us midwest due to a fierce snowstorm .
last month , of the dogs killed by the city were large and black mostly labs , shepherd mixes , pit bull mixes and rottweillers , said rhonda dibasilio , manager of the city animal services department .
bannu police chief ameer haamza mahsud said the casualty figures were high because scores of people were milling about at a nearby bus stand .
the year old leader is expected to push through radical plans to nationalize foreign firms ahead of general elections next year .
islam has taken a more conservative and assertive form , with sharia courts challenging the country s secular constitution .
motorola will provide handsets and intel will develop software and supply equipment to build the network .
private schools nationwide yesterday backed down from plans to refuse new enrollments amid the government s warning of punishment and investigations of possible irregularities by school owners .
the number of converter boxes that is going to be required could put tremendous pressure on us to solve all those problems in a short time , said anderson .
police sealed off the area around the pub in the croxteth area , where manchester united s wayne rooney grew up .
the treaty lacks the constitution s most contentious elements such as an eu flag and anthem , the associated press reported .
authorities in memphis reported more heat related deaths saturday , bringing tennessee s total to .
i know that president obama and i will work with you , with the president and the prime minister , to strengthen and deepen those ties .
third warning of terror attacks posted on an islamic web site .
when they asked to read esfandiari s file , they were denied access , she said .
it seems improbable that the motorcycle stopped before setting off again . i think that the motorcycle simply had time to slow down or to brake very hard .
i want to do everything we can to protect the thousands of vulnerable women coerced , exploited or trafficked into prostitution in our country , and to bring those who take advantage of them to justice , smith said in a statement .
it s a very sophisticated ecosystem , with organizations and services for hire , he continues .
for weeks , south korea has been preparing for an outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , which has gripped other parts of asia , especially neighboring china .
another company that benefited from the open system was microsoft .
the un s refugee agency , the unhcr , says it has been ordered to leave uzbekistan within one month .
men also are more likely to literally kiss and make up , using kissing to attempt reconciliation .
what s made up of five women , four african americans , three latinos , two republicans and two asians , including a nobel prize winner ?
in a written statement , ms suu kyi said that she had made the decision in the interest of the nation .
the governor of ghazni province , mirajudin patan , said the two female hostages , who have been reported to be seriously ill , were freed monday , days after they were first taken by militants .
the gift of a free night s stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over years ago when the original mary and joseph had to settle for the night in a stable , the company says on its web site .
the royalty of the name batman belongs to us . . .
hilton entered jail sunday after attending the mtv movie awards , where she answered questions from the press and was the subject of host sarah silverman s jokes .
kidnappings for ransom are very common in port harcourt , located in the oil producing niger delta in southern nigeria , although abductions of children are rare .
baseball is a game that rewards fresh young arms that can throw with velocity .
seoul , south korea cnn north korea cut off dialogue with south korea on thursday , claiming the peninsula was on the brink of another war .
bangladeshi president iajuddin ahmed helped distribute aid to survivors sunday , but hundreds went empty handed as security officials struggled to hold back the angry crowd .
if the cabinet does not veto the new smoking rules , they will go into effect before the end of the year .
bryant thomas , washington .
the list was part of a deal in october under which north korea agreed to end its nuclear program in exchange for aid and diplomatic concessions .
simpson and the three others are accused of pointing guns at fromong and alfred beardsley , the other alleged victim , and taking the memorabilia , along with fromong s cell phone and beardsley s baseball cap and sunglasses .
they called on the government and tour operator hyundai asan to immediately halt the program which they accused of financially benefiting the north s rulers and its weapons program .
the price of gold topped , an ounce for the first time ever , and investors dumped the dollar which hit a year low against the japanese yen and slumped to new lows against the euro .
we re talking about enormous carbon stores basically being released into the atmosphere when these forests are being burned and cleared , said andy tait , a forests campaigner for greenpeace
the indictment states that oakley , having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of barriers and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion . . . having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the united states and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person .
speaking to reporters at the white house , bush said the last of the us troop reinforcements would arrive in baghdad by the middle of june .
security council while warning that its uranium enrichment freeze would only last for a few months .
president hamid karzai said this week efforts were under way to secure the release of the french man , after calls from french president jacques chirac for him to intervene .
joya , elected in , said the vote was a political conspiracy and that she had been told article was written specifically for her .
and for the weather , the great lakes region is racing for different combinations of snow , sleet and ice today .
which has in the past been criticized for untruthful reports designed to boost viewer ratings ? quoted students saying that about to of their classmates paid for sex at a massage parlor in the basement of the hotel where they were staying .
analysts say the fall comes in line with global equity losses and concerns of a u . s . economic recession .
the world series opens tonight !
i rejected what she said and i certainly do repudiate it , clinton said at the national newspaper publishers association meeting in washington .
the foot tall , pound machine is a three wheeled platform that holds a laptop , its brains , and has a staff that carries a web camera , its eye .
freddie mac s chief executive says the announcement should provide a new measure of certainty to many of those families during the holidays .
by some measures , the season started november with the release of madagascar
starting in the summer of , they ll be allowed to raise rates only on new credit cards and fresh purchases or advances .
officials described him as a longtime jihadist who first fought against the soviet occupation of afghanistan in the s .
after falling below a barrel , the price of oil climbed back up above this week , without much indication that demand is picking up .
kosovo belongs to the serbian people , he told the flag waving crowd .
a letter bomb exploded monday in the mailroom of a london company that controls the capital s traffic congestion charge , slightly injuring a female worker , police said .
beijing , china cnn in a rare move for a chinese politician , prime minister wen jiabao apologized tuesday to the hundreds of thousands of people stranded in train stations across the country as the worst winter weather in half a century combined with crippling power problems nearly brought travel to a standstill for millions trying to go home for the chinese new year holiday .
environmental officials say some coral can be preserved despite extensive damage along the sea floor near the spotts dock facility , which is used as an alternative port when seas are too rough for cruise ships to call on the george town harbor .
on wall street , dow industrials up points right now .
the new york senator found herself in the hot seat after the remarks by geraldine ferraro a former new york congresswoman , democratic vice presidential candidate and clinton supporter .
they will be eligible to undertake alternative services to respect their human rights .
all residents in korea from to years of age , regardless of their income , are covered by the nps , unless they are government employees , military personnel , private school teachers , or employees of the specially designated post office , who are covered by their respective pension plans .
according to albanian officials , the program to dismantle the munitions is being overseen by an american company based in south carolina called southern ammunition , and is funded by a million grant from the u . s . government .
congress had confirmed pelosi s receipt of the letter , a labor official said friday .
cnn s latest delegate count has obama with , delegates to clinton s , . to clinch the democratic nomination , a candidate must get , delegates .
yes , she s got visitation with the kids , lawyer anne c . kiley told cnn in a telephone interview . she had this weekend from saturday morning til sunday at some point .
the justice ministry said yesterday in a release that it will defer making a decision on either hot button issue in its national action plan .
we were able to succeed in iraq , with a strategy , and with a kind of tactics and a sufficient number of troops , we will prevail here as well .
the remains of a kayak he paddled into the north sea off the coast of seaton carew had washed up on shore the year before .
early bird specials and marketing gimmicks drew bargain hunters to stores across the country friday in what retailers hoped would be a momentum building kickoff to the holiday shopping season .
we have tibetans popping out of every corner protesting during the torch relay . it will be very difficult to guard this relay .
citing his meeting with the cadet freshmen , the military expert argued that the hostile sentiment against the ally is due to inappropriate education in schools .
police said they believed a suicide bomber was involved .
unification minister lee jae joung said the meeting was an important opportunity to discuss the issue .
syria said the u . n . action violated lebanese sovereignty and could plunge lebanon into further instability .
the financial troubles of his companies , induced by the international financial crisis and the uncertainty and powerlessness to act independently which the financial problems brought about , broke the passionate family business man , and he took his own life , his family wrote in the news release .
i think i m going to spin back around toward the telescope .
as part of tougher measures against terrorist suspects , the government wants to strengthen the monitoring of terrorists after their release from prison and enable police to question suspects after they ve been charged .
amelia huffman of the minneapolis police department told cnn affiliate kare it was not clear at this point what caused the collapse of the interstate w bridge near university avenue .
gunmen opened fire on a car carrying both men , killing adel al zubeidi and wounding thamer hamoud al khuzaie .
we enjoy what we re doing .
li has described the storm surrounding chinese made goods as politically motivated and unfair , but he has also called for tougher regulation of manufacturers and warned that failure to improve quality was undermining china s trade strength .
a year old office clerk made a splash in rome s trevi fountain when she went for a swim , naked , in the renaissance masterpiece in front of a crowd of tourists . the water is everyone s .
prince harry s grandmother , queen elizabeth , is patron of the rspb .
the cftc also announced new rules designed to increase transparency of u . s . and international energy futures markets .
a monona county dispatcher said no deaths had been confirmed at the little sioux scout ranch near the nebraska state line .
the international atomic energy agency said tehran began a new round of uranium enrichment in recent days .
boston , massachusetts cnn good news for your viagra using hamster
it culminated days of shared work , the longest mission of its kind .
varying the speed , intensity and style can help .
a total of delegates to the convention were at stake .
bush voiced optimism that he could reach a deal with congress on a stalled . billion spending bill to help pay for u . s . troops in iraq and afghanistan .
news of the resignation , coming just before a parliamentary debate on the issue , took many analysts by surprise .
president roh moo hyun will meet bae hyeon jin , the inspiration for the movie running boy .
he was declared legally dead nine years later .
at present they re on course to qualify for , and progressing past the first round in that event could see the giant nation establish a firmer presence close to football s best .
the broker took a total of million won , from the applicants , or . million won per person , as commission , according to the office .
have begun training to remove the malfunctioning computer and install the spare .
the u . s . state department s top koreas expert launched a mission to advance a stalled nuclear disarmament deal , heading tuesday to south korea and planning to travel this week to china and north korea , the u . s . embassy said .
by contrast , visually assisted thoracic surgery , also known as vats , uses two to four small incisions less than two inches long .
it was not immediately clear how many of the victims were killed by gangs and how many by police , she said .
the army presented tentative designs of a new set of battle dress fatigues , clothes for indoor duties and class a uniforms , which will be less heavy and neater in fashion .
which was conducted two weeks ago by a team of eight surgeons at the cleveland , ohio , hospital
because there is the combination of soil , climate , a legendary long tradition , the workers in the field , the tobacco leaf that s totally different from other ones , says manuel garcia , corporate vice president of habanos .
he said that the apology was the start of a new approach towards aborigines which included helping them find their lost families , closing pay gaps and a year difference in life expectancy between aborigines and white australians .
the new york senator s camp has passed out door hangers telling people the stakes are high and they have to vote .
california is studying prospects for a high speed line running from sacramento in the north to san diego , in the south , via san francisco and los angeles .
the actor turned governor was welcomed at the airport in the southern city of graz by friends and current and former local politicians , including alfred gerstl , a former leader of the upper house of parliament often described as his mentor , the austria press agency reported .
according to industry analysts , the automotive computer technology market should grow from about billion in to billion by .
activists claim the fear is shared by the leaders of the country s military regime .
those numbers from ghonda , who is in touch with congolese interior ministry officials , are down sharply from earlier estimates that as many as were dead .
pakistan s president pervez musharraf strongly condemned the terrorist attack and appealed for calm .
he s reacting to word from the commerce department that retail sales plunged . in december
gillian gibbons , a year old teacher at the unity high school in khartoum , was arrested on sunday after complaints from parents that she had insulted islam s prophet by allowing the bear to be named mohammad .
those not claimed will be destroyed .
the group s spokesman , abu obeida , promised a cruel and painful response to any aggression in the strip gaza .
kuznetsov , , is under the supervision of investigators , olig troshin , a penza prosecutor , told itar tass .
he criticized china and south korea u . s . partners in the talks along with russia and north korea for not doing enough to push pyongyang to abandon its nuclear program because of their own bilateral relationships with the north .
but george was so badly mauled that a veterinarian had to put him down , gay said .
more than half a million people have been ordered to evacuate parts of the us state of california being engulfed by massive wildfires .
it was the public s first look at the building after a little more than three years of construction .
as news of her birth spread , locals waited in line for a blessing from the baby .
asked why syria , which the united states accuses of funding terrorism , was invited to the conference bush said other arab nations requested it and that we wanted to make sure as many arab nations came as possible .
and denying the existence of a fellow member of the united nations , threatening to wipe israel off the map .
it s perfectly timed for our release worldwide .
discount air carrier southwest airlines flew thousands of passengers on aircraft that federal inspectors said were unsafe as recently as last march , according to detailed congressional documents obtained by cnn .
brown said he would use his visit to strengthen what britain considers its most important bilateral relationship .
sen . hillary clinton on thursday sharpened her attacks on democratic rival sen . barack obama as she faces what even her supporters admit are must win situations in texas and ohio in the weeks ahead .
it was presumed that the other six georgia fatalities occurred in the americus albany area .
we don t even know how many species of marine life even live in the world s oceans .
uefa said that their appeals body took note that dida expressed his sincere regrets as regards his conduct during the match .
at the last round of talks in december , a chinese tv producer gave hill , who is married with three children , a christmas card .
i ve got before me a list of attacks on hillary that are quite personal by sen . obama and his campaign going back six months that i ve had pulled , he said , speaking to cnn contributor roland martin on wvon am s the roland s . martin show based in chicago , illinois .
but the constitution and federal law don t say you have to be , and she is a former deputy us attorney and attorney general of michigan .
illinois governor backs workers , will halt business with lender
the main candidates in the french presidential election have held their final campaign rallies .
the first united nations climate conference has opened .
fao schwarz , the new york city toy retailer , rents out its store several nights a week for parties .
their audacity enhances their charisma .
on sunday , the torch completed the th leg of its protest plagued global relay in seoul with chinese students vastly outnumbering demonstrators .
the death of david rattray , a friend of britain s prince charles and an expert on the anglo zulu war , has put south africa s high rate of violent crime in the spotlight again .
unlike the educator astronaut program , which takes teachers out of schools to join the nasa astronaut corps , we want to put astronaut teachers into american classrooms , explained the program project manager , edward wright .
the judge called mintz s testimony worthless .
the korea times reports song min soon , deputy foreign minister and chief south korean delegate to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms programs , said that no symptoms have been found to back up recent speculations that the north may test an atomic weapon soon .
three months after democrats took power in congress , reid said the moment was at hand to send a message to president bush that the time has come to find a new way forward in this intractable war .
mohammed ali al hassani was traveling with his bodyguards when the attack took place around a . m . a . m . et .
six men were killed two who died in the blast and four who later succumbed to their injuries , he said .
that s because they re already racked by growing food and fuel costs , and bigger countries may not be able to help them survive .
the paris metro subway system appeared to slowly be coming back online .
last year the head of mi , britain s domestic spy service , said that about terrorism plots were being worked on and agents were monitoring around , suspects .
we were looking for a coach that s fresh and fits in our system , leverkusen business manager wolfgang holzhaeuser told the associated press .
speaking in a joint interview with french television networks tf and france , sarkozy said it is clear that iran is trying to equip itself with a nuclear bomb .
he also reiterated that current election laws are unrealistic and outdated , based on his argument that a president cannot and should not avoid current political affairs .
studies show that women tend to be better than men at stepping into another s shoes .
the judges upheld the decision of the immigration authorities in the case of humberto fernandez vargas .
eight percent of voters are still undecided , according to cnn s poll of polls .
not many people have charisma .
a supreme council of the taliban was held monday to decide whether to kill the hostages one by one , or collectively , or release them , and was reported to have chosen to kill them one by one .
he regains his sanity to battle a japanese spy who tries to rape his sister but later loses his freedom forever , lee said .
the troops are targeting hundreds of hardened al qaeda and taliban in dug in positions , said officials familiar with the intelligence .
but some analysts fear the north wants the reactors completed so that it can produce more plutonium with which to manufacture atomic bombs .
there is a degree of unanimity that there must be swift and effective action taken against the taliban in pakistan .
china s foreign ministry did not respond to faxed questions about the article , although a spokesman speaking on routine condition of anonymity said
party leaders , however , urged supporters not to protest .
the defendants plundered precious natural resources for personal profit , u . s . attorney benton j . campbell and other officials said in a statement .
they said it is highly likely for byeon to have purchased the art above the market price , which would be a punishable crime .
talking about himself in the third person , the politician picked to succeed the president elect in the senate , says there s nothing wrong with roland burris and there s nothing wrong with the appointment .
by july , production should be at . million barrels a day , haq said .
britain s the sun tabloid in january published still images from a video that it claimed showed winehouse inhaling fumes from a small pipe .
sporadic fighting persists in the country s eastern provinces despite a peace accord .
he adds he expects the economy to remain in shambles throughout .
but it really is , he said .
malaysia and regional grouping asean also oppose sanctions , which are being called for by the us , uk and france .
changi airport , which is home to the singapore airlines a fleet , has declared itself ready to handle the plane .
i m going to do whatever i can to make sure that he gets sole custody , stern said .
bryant thomas , the associated press with ap newsminute .
fifa president joseph blatter indicated yesterday that north korea could be punished for incidents in the march world cup qualifying match against iran in pyongyang s kim il sung stadium .
another were treated at the site .
cbs was pleased to hear the news .
al jazeera broadcast on thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as osama bin laden declares iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
the national assembly is set to vote today on the nomination of prime minister designate han seung soo with the major opposition party appearing to have softened its opposition after the resignation of three scandal tainted ministers designate .
the two foreign ministers met at the sidelines of the international palestinian donors conference .
violence and threats against candidates represent a serious obstacle to the creation of a free and fair atmosphere for the election , and all efforts
the joint celebrations have taken place annually alternating between the south and north , with last year s festivities being held in pyongyang .
the united states is traditionally famous for its very solid and unchanging diet of meat and potatoes .
al shahristani said iraq plans to change the hearts and minds of people who have been helping smugglers and pipeline saboteurs , particularly in southeastern iraq , where most of the country s lucrative oil industry is based .
the poll also suggests democratic front runner sen . hillary clinton would beat thompson in a general election by percentage points , percent to percent .
we showed them how to stabilize the animals , to feed them and give them proper care , she said .
while they re in class , dad will be in meetings
their only meal on a recent day was two cans of corn grits .
the embrace , in front of about , truckers , was a failed parody of a move from gere s film shall we dance , and a naive misread of indian customs , he said .
the president also announced he will reduce combat tours from to months , citing the heavy strain on troops and their families .
the joong ang ilbo reports that , buoyed by public support , the united democratic party s nominating committee confirmed late yesterday that despite internal opposition it will bar some top party politicians from running for the national assembly .
music when you feel lost and about to give up
judging by the wear patterns on its teeth it also lived on a diet of bamboo , the main food of the current giant panda , the researchers said .
the plan would amount to a steroid boost for the federal housing administration , a program conceived to help poor people buy homes that is now being used as a subprime mortgage lifeline .
campaign analysts said the gap has narrowed percentage points .
his compatriot , the world number one and five times wimbledon champion roger federer , had been sending him sms messages of support throughout the week , wawrinka said .
the governor wants the federal government to declare a major disaster in the parts of north central ohio inundated by the past week s powerful storms and record floods that were blamed for at least deaths in the midwest .
the post is only meters from the military demarcation line and a few hundred meters away from panmunjeom in the jsa .
at an afternoon news conference , blatter refused to identify the girl , who he said had been missing since june , .
he was arrested in march after his girlfriend told police he poured an alcoholic drink on her face while she slept , put her in a choke hold and threw her onto a bed when she tried to leave .
the collision reportedly took place about p . m . in ryongchon , a town miles from china .
arroyo said she would take the findings and allegations seriously . the head of the armed forces , general hermogenes esperon , hit back at the criticism .
her partner discovered the first two bodies on wednesday in a state of decomposition in plastic bags inside the boxes . he alerted the police and told them he was not aware the woman had given birth to the babies .
after the year i ve had and the whole team has had , to be crowned sports personality of the year , it just means so much .
our nation owes a special thanks to the soldiers and families who have supported this extended deployment , bush said .
he was not given many years to live when he was diagnosed with motor neuron disease in the s , aged .
the highest ranking chinese official to visit taiwan in six decades
gen petraeus had called for a day period of consolidation and evaluation after july , before any more troops left .
the bank of england and european central bank ecb have slashed interest rates to and . percent respectively in an ongoing bid to soften the impact of recession .
dodi s father mohamed al fayed held two minutes silence in honor of his son and the princess at his harrods store in knightsbridge , london .
at p . m . et , the nation euro was trading at . , down from . late friday . the british pound rose to . amid expectations for u . k . interest rates to stand well below those in the euro zone .
a top bhutto aide who helped write the report showed a copy to cnn .
it does this every once in a while , planetary scientist amy simon miller of the nasa goddard space flight center said in a telephone interview .
he believed the shaking lasted about seconds , but said , time sort of stands still for you . he said there was no damage in his area .
we often disagree , but i respect their motives . now is a time for unity , and mr . president elect , i will do everything in my power to help you stitch together the frayed fabric of our politics , and help summon americans of both parties to unite in common purpose , he said .
. describe the facts that led you to this opinion .
crowds of thousands have rallied against the australian government s policy of detaining asylum seekers .
a nurse at the alkhair hospital in tripoli said it received seven wounded civilians and two dead tuesday from the same family .
analysts say that it is just one stage in a long process to disable the reactor .
investigators say they are trying to confirm that the shooter s wife had recently left him .
the private aircraft , with a two person crew and three passengers on board , apparently hit the roof of a residential building in the town of farnborough , about km miles southeast of london .
lopez asked the government of president alvaro uribe , who has been intransigent in negotiating with the guerrillas , to reach a deal quickly with the rebels and exchange prisoners for colombian hostages in a safe haven .
people are giddy .
that represents little change from a similar poll one month ago , when the presumptive democratic presidential nominee held a to percent edge over mccain .
poor health kept him from court after he left office .
in another development , iraqi police said they had arrested several men over the kidnapping and killing of british aid worker margaret hassan .
later , when he asked where his son was , the teachers there brushed him off , he said .
they targeted the city s ancient jewish centre , tourist spots and a diplomatic complex .
if you find yourself exceeding those limits , you should ratchet it down .
hundreds of flights into the new york city area s three main airports kennedy , newark liberty and laguardia were delayed as long as two hours sunday because of wind and ice .
musharraf was elected president in a vote that was widely viewed as rigged .
the pope has capitulated to the communist chinese leaders .
charles told reporters he was enormously proud of harry and said he now understood what the families and loved ones of soldiers endured when they were serving abroad .
john conyers , the michigan democrat who leads the house judiciary committee . that committee also wanted to hear goodling s testimony on the firing .
at some level , what we learn about these galaxies could tell us something quite fundamental about cosmology and particle physics , nichol said .
what we need to cast off and get rid of these shadows is early elections , gul said .
the original girl power group of the s will also appear at the annual victoria s secret fashion show , set to air december on cbs .
but even if the face isn t permanent , it might be the start of outsized artistic images of obama .
however he told the visiting olmert that his bold ideas on a unilateral west bank pullout could be a key step .
the militant group in gaza claiming to hold bbc correspondent alan johnston renewed its threat tuesday to kill the british journalist who has been held in gaza since march .
the veteran midfielder made the breakthrough after minutes to put united through on aggregate to face the winners of wednesday s second leg between chelsea and liverpool .
most iraqis were already familiar with the free pamphlet s contents , quotations drawn from speeches made by saddam , including one in marking the th anniversary of the end of the iran iraq war .
discovered by a woman who was walking a trail , the baldwin acrosonic piano , model number , is intact and , apparently , in tune .
it remains unclear whether chirac , who turned over power to nicolas sarkozy in may , will ever be tried in this or other legal cases implicating him .
she didn t recall the date of the operation at mount sinai hospital in manhattan .
separately , in an interview with usa today on may , han said that the only way to resolve north korea s nuclear program was to have nations with troops on the peninsula , both koreas and the united states , sign a peace agreement .
boosted in part by foreign buying , the won also gained against the dollar yesterday by . won .
paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that he cannot rule out the possibility he might boycott the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics if china continues its crackdown in tibet .
beckham was back in action for his major league soccer side los angeles galaxy against dallas in a pre season friendly last week , but , if selected , will go into the match with no competitive action under his belt since last autumn .
the officials requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information .
he s essentially running on a doctor s note .
lawmaker elect yang jung rye and her mother , both of whom are under investigation for the alleged buying of a national assembly seat , appeared at the prosecutors office on wednesday afternoon for questioning .
he said the divided koreas can open a new era of cooperation through demilitarization .
davis had been due to give birth in early july when she disappeared . she was last heard from june .
the government reports out of civilians who were on the bus that was stopped by the militant group were killed .
also known as the baader meinhof gang after founders andreas baader and ulrike meinhof , the militantly left wing raf is believed to have killed people , including senior industry leaders and public officials , between and .
prospects for six nation talks ending the north korean nuclear crisis brightened thursday as the communist state s leader kim jong il promised to show patience and flexibility in the negotiations .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill is set to fly out to the region later on wednesday , while hadley would be meeting his south korean counterpart in washington , in a meeting which had already been scheduled .
proceeds from the concert will go to the charity , the aids charity named for the number mandela wore while imprisoned by south africa s apartheid authorities .
beijing ap with china s next leaders listening , outgoing premier zhu rongji convened the country s largely toothless legislature on march and outlined the new generation s top goal helping the hundreds of millions of people that years of economic boom and wrenching change have left behind .
he called sen . hillary clinton thursday to tell her of his decision , clinton s campaign said .
however , this would have left a plane load of west bound passengers stranded in london heathrow who were due to fly to the u . s . on the same aircraft .
monterrey , mexico cnn a car plowed into a weekend bike race along a highway near the u . s . mexico border , killing one and injuring others , police said .
in washington , u . s . undersecretary of state nicholas burns said he will travel to london on monday to meet with the united states negotiating partners to try to draft a new resolution on iran .
the violence in sudan s darfur region had worsend .
on an evening out a few weeks later with the same man identified only by first name , smith wrote that she got drunk and asked a guy for his .
when does north korea test its nuclear bombs ?
president george bush has said he will veto the democrat sponsored bill , which was also passed by the house of representatives on wednesday .
the pontiff was greeted by president bush , first lady laura bush and their daughter jenna , each of whom shook his hand .
goh called the meeting after shiite militiamen seized a south korean relief worker and businessman during a gunfight with italian forces in nasiriyah earlier this week .
rawalpindi , pakistan cnn former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto s assassination was her own fault , the country s president , pervez musharraf , said in an interview that aired sunday on u . s . television .
the united states has offered to give russian monitors access to the missile sites and to negotiate limits to the system over time .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
us envoy to the un , john bolton , said he was urgently consulting with other security council members on the issue .
a robotic camera will be used to help officials determine the situation in the mine , said robin murphy , director of the center for robot assisted search and rescue at the university of south florida .
we re told the demand is slumping for the glass used in flat screen tvs and computers .
his democratic challenger jim martin will be joined by rapper ludacris as he makes a final pitch for votes .
new york ap the rockefeller center christmas tree is going greener with energy saving lights replacing old fashioned bulbs on the towering evergreen this year .
animosity towards the u . s . appears to extend to all levels of society , even affecting the well educated and much traveled who know the outside world .
further south in the western sumatran town of padang , the system was tested for the first time , with around , residents evacuated as part of the exercise .
he said the prime minister was at home at the time , but he was unhurt .
in the real estate transaction , the wife is accused of purchasing undeveloped land for about a third of its estimated value . thaksin also faces separate charges of concealing assets .
we are not the initiators of this new round of the arms race , putin told a joint kremlin news conference with visiting greek president karolos papoulias .
the house voted by to in favor of the bill , which will now be sent to the senate for approval .
that s how he put it in a cnbc interview , pressing a plan likely to cost three quarters of a trillion dollars , a speech text has obama saying only government can break the vicious cycles crippling the economy .
the jury of seven men and five women began its deliberations friday night .
french drugmaker sanofi aventis sa sells the medicine in countries under the name acomplia .
the online world now looks a lot like the off line world .
almost all cases have originated from sick poultry , but experts fear it will mutate into a strain that can pass more easily from human to human .
i d like to dedicate this to my family .
the decision to move the futenma base was taken years ago , after protests from residents over the rape of a local schoolgirl by three us servicemen .
fargo , north dakota will be open for business in the morning
after delivering investors a . billion quarterly loss merrill s biggest since being founded years ago o neal was forced to retire by a board of directors that he mostly picked .
it was the first major instance of bush injecting himself into the presidential race to choose who will succeed him in the november election , with his unpopular iraq war a major debating point on the campaign trail .
authorities do not yet know definitively what caused the saturday night fire at the goldhap refugee camp .
weehawken police sgt . sean kelly said the collision occurred at p . m . as clooney and friend sarah larson were traveling north on boulevard east and sped up to pass on the right a mazda millenia that was preparing to make a right turn .
the president said he hopes president elect barack obama is pleased with the bush administration s effort regarding the transition process .
after completing his studies in musicology , philosophy and german literature at the university of cologne , he went on to study under composer olivier messiaen in paris from to , where he also met his french contemporary pierre boulez .
foreign journalists were expelled from tibet at the height of the unrest , but on wednesday china allowed a group of about two dozen reporters into lhasa for a three day escorted visit .
difc governor omar bin suleiman told reuters on thursday it was not considering making a bid for omx .
here are questions to ask your boss that can help your career .
according to the latest associated press gfk poll , of those surveyed say the country s headed in the right direction , while say it s going in the wrong direction .
mexico city , mexico cnn mexico s federal police chief was shot to death early thursday in a northwestern mexico city neighborhood , the country s public safety department said .
the new york times inference that there is an effort to mislead in this matter is pernicious and troubling , and we are formally requesting that nyt correct the sub headline of this story , a statement from the white house press secretary s office says .
since the vcr s introduction in , more than million have been sold worldwide .
we will consult with the relevant ministries and inform the north about our answer , mun seong muk , who is in charge of north korean policy at the defense ministry , said yesterday .
petraeus also said he believes he knows who abducted the soldiers .
i have my friends here , my school , he told cnn .
they don t think key elements of the plan will create jobs .
duran isn t the only parent who has become more vigilant about what type of products she s buying for her children .
now , although she still has a car , purushe bikes to work every day .
mailer , , gained instant literary acclaim with his first book , the naked and the dead , published in and based in part on his experience as an army infantryman in the philippines .
beekeeping was widely practiced in the ancient world , where honey was used for medicinal and religious purposes as well as for food , and beeswax was used to make molds for metal and to create surfaces to write on .
in september , two u . s . f fighters scrambled to intercept a plane that came within miles of the coastline .
among those is the only boat in winery we ve ever heard of .
while an initial report said a homemade bomb exploded , a local police commander said it appeared to be a case of negligent handling of live munitions inside the mosque .
the foreign ministers of france , italy and spain issued a statement saying they have tried everything , and it is now up to the lebanese to craft a solution .
the korea institute of national unification , an organ under the prime minister s office , also urged that seoul join international efforts to press the reclusive nation to end its abuses of its citizens .
dunn jones will be listed on the september memorial when it opens in , a spokeswoman for the world trade center memorial foundation told the associated press .
he added that u . s . forces welcome anyone and any leader who attempts to bring down the violence and rein in criminal behavior .
mark carlson , springfield , illinois .
sunday s fighting came as iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki demanded al sadr disband his mehdi army and threatened to bar al sadr s followers from the political process if the cleric refused .
it was just a little trick with nick .
several of the protesters are bloodied , one slumped inside an alleyway as his friend tries to tend to him while staying out of sight .
manpower had to be reinforced by machines .
a friend of a friend of mine is a member of al qaeda involved in a bombing in bali , hatoyama said , adding the alleged member of the terrorist network had gone in and out of japan a number of times two or three years ago .
whitson the first woman to be in charge of a space station arrived at the orbital outpost on a russian soyuz spacecraft on october .
human rights activists alleged in a report being released thursday that beijing has muscled in on hong kong politics to create a climate of fear ahead of sunday s election that is expected to give opposition figures more clout in an anti government backlash .
there is a lot of anger on capitol hill over word that troubled insurance giant aig paid out millions in executive bonuses .
the korea times reports the two heads of state are set to sign a pact for the strengthening of bilateral exchanges in the sectors of aerospace and information and telecommunications , according to chong wa dae officials accompanying roh on his state visit to the central asian nation .
she began her day by day polaroid project in june and still had four months to finish .
we welcome the creation of the chinese sovereign wealth fund and its potential for investing in our country , chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling said after meeting china s top finance reform official , vice premier wang qishan , for talks on financial cooperation .
palestinian leader mahmoud abbas called for his people to persue negotiations instead of violence in the stuggle for a state .
in , the remains of , dead people who had been buried were exhumed for cremation and stored in mausoleums .
financial markets usually react with no more than a ripple .
it s just that the gap is narrowing , said gerontologist dr .
the plane , a learjet belonging to a brazilian air taxi company , slammed into two houses shortly after taking off , said lucia ferreira , a spokeswoman for airport authority infraero .
it was a series of rallies by pad in that led up to a military coup that toppled prime minister thaksin , a wealthy telecommunications tycoon who now lives in exile .
medical tests later found a torn rotator cuff tendon in the year old russian s shoulder .
allawi s office said the blast occurred at a police checkpoint near the headquarters of iraqi national accord , allawi s secular political party .
thousands of us troops are based in okinawa , japan s southern most island .
putin is barred from seeking a third straight term as president when he steps down in march .
and our opinions were expressed by white house press secretary dana perino from the podium .
people have started returning to their homes in india s northeastern state of assam , where nearly , people have been living in government and makeshift camps since last week . there have been no rains there since thursday , helping improve the flooding situation .
stallone , who was not present in court , had pleaded guilty last week .
pakistani intelligence sources have told the ap that us missiles have hit a suspected taliban location in western pakistan .
after disappearing for about minutes after a public torch lighting ceremony , the olympic flame emerged along a route different from the one that had been planned in san francisco .
among the dead is the head of the maharashtra state s anti terror squad , who apparently died in the violent aftermath of the attacks rather than being a target for the killers .
look at her , said legendary car builder boyd coddington , who was unable to start the car as planned .
the danish security and intelligence service said police arrested a year old dane of moroccan origin and two tunisians .
south korea and the united states reached a final consensus in more than half of the negotiation sectors during the eighth round of free trade agreement fta talks in seoul , which ended on monday .
south african ernie els birdied four of the first holes on his way to a six birdie and third place at five under .
ms bhutto s widower , asif ali zardari , who will run the party day to day , said it would contest upcoming elections .
while the united states wants to install missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic a plan that has severely irritated the russians putin said he suggested using an existing radar station that russia rents in neighboring azerbaijan .
she was released and returned to her austin home on june .
the government says it will freeze public services fees during the first half of the year to restrain consumer price gains to the percent level .
both the man and his mission grew out of our needs .
as a general rule , the top five finishers in an event , plus a further two selected randomly from the finish list , were tested .
it also has green roofs , filters to protect residents from pollution and large ponds to harvest recycled rainwater .
los angeles , california ap a judge sentenced paris hilton to days in county jail friday for violating her probation , putting the brakes on the hotel heiress s famous high life .
for industrial robots , was the best year ever , added the swede .
if problems are found , the child should be sent to a pediatric cardiologist .
on monday he handed power temporarily to his brother raul , to recover from his treatment for internal bleeding .
much of bush s eight day trip to the mideast is centered on the ambitious task of sealing an elusive peace agreement between the two sides .
shari springer berman and bob pulcini were attached to it . . . had written the script , and i was a big fan of american splendor .
a real estate group says home prices fell in nearly out of every us cities in the first months of the year , as first time home buyers dominated the market .
gov . sarah palin said wednesday that she would be honored to help president elect barack obama in his new administration , even if he did hang around with an unrepentant domestic terrorist .
they ll play in seattle , nashville , and san diego .
more than mourners attended services for the father , vincent romero , , monday morning , cnn affiliate kpho tv reported .
latin americans and asians have been the most enthusiastic voters so far in the final round of candidates for the world s top architectural marvels , but people from every country in the world have voted by internet or phone , says the nonprofit organization conducting the balloting .
under the new law , which will go into effect on june , people who have analog tv sets will have until dec . , to install analog to digital converters so they can receive digital signals or purchase digital tv sets .
a little known nevada law allows gamblers to dispute the outcome of any game for any reason .
the tanker s driver had stopped to refuel thursday when the vehicle started rolling , according to police chief grace kaindi in kisii , about miles west of the capital , nairobi .
a self professed elvis presley fan , sarkozy has made no attempt to hide his admiration for the united states .
located in the so called triangle of death , a violent area south of baghdad , it was the site of frequent clashes between coalition forces and sunni fighters .
iris chang , who was , published the rape of nanking , a graphic account of the japanese army invasion of china .
stocks tumbling in early trading , with the dow losing about points in just the opening minutes .
the authorities also announced a three day mourning period after what they called the police chief s assassination .
it s the enemy fighters who willingly fire when civilians are standing right next to them , he said .
the newly released documents also carry an account by a u . s . air force pilot who says he was told to shoot down an unidentified flying craft over eastern england .
a pentagon spokesman characterized the incident as perplexing and cause for real concern .
jerusalem cnn palestinian president mahmoud abbas on wednesday denounced hamas leaders as traitors , blaming them for planning their bloody coup in gaza while participating in a unity government .
nairobi , kenya cnn feuding kenyan political parties are close to a deal that could help end recent post election violence , according to mediators in the settlement talks .
hezbollah seized the soldiers during a cross border raid in july , triggering the recent conflict with israel .
president lee myung bak s appointment of kim ha joong as unification minister marks the first change of seoul s top envoy to beijing in more than six years .
afterward he sent a detailed report back to london that remains classified .
south korea urged japan to face up to history and expressed official regret on saturday , a day after tokyo insisted there was no evidence its military or government forced women to work in world war ii military brothels .
he warned parents to beware of wooden toys made from pressed wood or particle board .
the new wonders were announced at a star studded event saturday in lisbon , portugal , that featured performances by jennifer lopez and chaka khan .
the rockets were the first to land in northern israel since kiryat shmona was pounded by hundreds of katyusha rockets during the day war .
these spectacular tasting apples , many of them heirloom varieties , were grown on a local farm by cornell horticulture professor ian merwin and his wife , jackie .
bell made the alarmist statement at a breakfast meeting organized by the kwanhun club , a fraternity of senior journalists , at the korea press center in central seoul .
the undp alleges lee was involved with kim s manipulation of the stock price of investment company bbk , something the gnp denies .
the six week war failed to weaken the hezbollah movement in lebanon .
john travolta and kelly preston have returned to ocala , florida , with the remains of their teenage son , a family friend told cnn on tuesday .
london s ftse was just in positive territory at the close .
ban was on a two day visit to japan as the u . n . chief designate .
players of arm spirit advance through levels , battling a french maid , drunken martial arts master and a chihuahua before reaching the final showdown with a professional wrestler .
under the panel s ruling , gatlin would be eligible to run on may , .
you won t see this anywhere else , said min , organizer of this regular gathering , himself a middle aged gay man whose dual passions lie in ballroom dancing and performing in drag .
canadians are accustomed to having their soldiers serve as peacekeepers , but this mission has proven especially dangerous .
the second substance is insulin , a hormone that can enhance performance by influencing the glycogen metabolism .
while hoping for a peaceful solution to the standoff over the north s nuclear ambitions , u . s . ally south korea fears that the tension might escalate into an armed conflict on the volatile peninsula .
the problems at airbus led louis gallois , co chief executive of parent company european aeronautic defense and space co . , to call the worst year for airbus in its life .
on monday , kang jeong hwa , a year old businesswoman , filed a petition to the national human rights commission and to prosecutors , claiming a prosecutor had coerced another witness to frame her .
police on wednesday tried to determine what charges to file against the men who held up to hostages in a botched bank robbery in central venezuela before being detained .
this week it was announced pavarotti was to receive a prize from the italian government for his work promoting the country s culture .
she is live in lagardia airport in new york .
kathmandu , nepal cnn two communist party workers and a candidate for a small leftist political party were killed less than a month before a historic vote in nepal , police said wednesday .
but much to the disappointment of zookeepers , tsuyoshi never made any amorous advances toward kurumi .
in washington , the chairman of the house science and technology committee said he hadn t seen the report , but if the reports of drunken astronauts being allowed to fly prove to be true , i think the agency will have a lot of explaining to do .
delegates to the pakistan afghanistan peace jirga will mainly discuss security , terrorism , and ways to stop the infiltration of taliban militants from tribal areas in pakistan into afghanistan and vice versa .
at the new world of coca cola , joan crawford and clark gable greet visitors from a year old advertisement .
those attending said the meeting included an exchange between putin and royal dutch shell chief executive jeroen van der veer .
the sources say gore talks with both clinton and obama , and is on good terms with both .
it gives you a fright when you see some people retiring and others , like djokovic , who had the tournament of his life last week , losing quite comfortably , federer said in a courtside interview .
singapore airlines will begin fully scheduled a flights to sydney on sunday .
seoul will issue a new doctrine defining future relations with tokyo thursday as a provincial council in japan finally approved a controversial ordinance on wednesday in an apparent move to stake claim to the tokto dokdo islets .
hardest hit were men living in appalachia , the ohio mississippi river valley , the mississippi delta and the eastern piedmont and coastal regions of georgia , south carolina and north carolina .
the one sold tuesday was bought in a new york auction for , . it has not been publicly exhibited since .
the issue has also stirred debate in the united states , where a committee in the house of representatives is considering a nonbinding resolution calling on tokyo to fully acknowledge wrongdoing and make an unambiguous apology .
the army s st cavalry division sent a helicopter search and rescue task force from fort hood , texas .
the source said to korean protesters are expected .
a fourth officer is in grave condition .
the world shipping industry s newspaper , lloyd s list , has decided that from now on ships will lose their femininity and will be referred to as it , not she .
the labor department reports first timers fell to . .
two men who say they helped o . j . simpson forcibly take sports memorabilia during a confrontation in a las vegas hotel room testified tuesday that simpson asked them to carry guns and look menacing .
while not knowing someone s gender poses grammatical challenges in english , it has created even larger headaches as facebook expands to other languages , where a gender neutral option isn t available in plural form .
shah said late saturday that to civilians and taliban fighters had been killed but changed his casualty figures on sunday , citing the investigation .
the driver must punch in a code number and blow into the breath analyzer .
nba commissioner david stern said tuesday an fbi probe learned that former referee tim donaghy was a rogue , isolated criminal who bet on games and that it appeared no other league employees were involved .
the inch , pound female shortraker rockfish was caught last month by the catcher processor kodiak enterprise as it trawled for pollock , feet below the surface , south of the pribilof islands in the bering sea .
according to the white house , nearly , sq km has been affected by the hurricane an area roughly the size of the uk .
the audio statement was posted on radical islamist web sites sunday evening , and gave little indication when it was produced .
the rev . walter coleman says that for the past three weeks , he has refused to eat solid food in support of arellano s bid to stay in the country .
president bill clinton is recovering from his second surgery after heart bypass operation .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration studies and reports on weather and ocean conditions in the united states .
in , he began singing at night clubs , entertaining american gis with such songs as i left my heart in san francisco .
increasingly , the attitude is , if i m up , why aren t you ?
we said we would only enter into a consolidation transaction it is was right for all of our constituencies , anderson said in a statement . delta and northwest are a perfect fit .
it s not the right time , roh said , stressing that resolving the north korean nuclear issue should precede a summit .
every ministry involved in national defense beefed up precautionary measures following an emergency meeting of the national security council convened on saturday to enhance security at foreign embassies in seoul and certain key facilities , including government offices , airports and seaports .
his contribution to the development of our relations between our two nations will never be forgotten .
the mayor said one of the people in the house was related to the house s owner .
sometimes i wake up at midnight and dream of my patients . women who come in are hiv positive they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we cannot provide any treatment for them , a doctor quoted in the research said .
and an international meeting was held in damascus , syria , dealing with border security in iraq .
roh said that north korea is not likely to fall suddenly .
islamabad , pakistan cnn former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif said friday that the ruling coalition on may will reinstate judges who were ousted by president pervez musharraf last year .
ovelar had percent of the votes before she stepped down as a candidate , and lino oviedo , of the national union of ethical citizens , had percent .
on monday evening , she was still changing the prices in her store as her customers looked on and complained , she told a reporter .
a one year masters in korean studies and a three year doctorate of philosophy in oriental studies .
the ailing cuban leader , who is and has not been seen in public since surgery in july , said he would not accept a new term as president .
a half dozen people have been killed in a series of attacks in iraq .
los angeles , california cnn merv griffin , the entertainer turned impresario who parlayed his jeopardy and wheel of fortune game shows into a multimillion dollar empire , has died .
and you ve gone toward a more urban sound .
we sit down and observe how moms and kids are using our products , said schlegel . that s where our new ideas come from .
after attempting without success to find the girl s identity by themselves , police appealed to the news media to show the girl s picture , which cnn and other news organizations did .
powell s is also renowned for drawing famous authors to its stacks for intimate readings .
i had a harder time getting out of high school math class .
radio caracas television , the station silenced by venezuelan president hugo chavez , has found a way to continue its daily broadcasts on youtube , the popular video web site .
i m sure most of , for instance , is going to see a lot of that rain all the way basically from the south east all the way into new england .
hamas militant wing , izzedine al qassam brigades , claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement posted on its web site .
condon said he pleaded with diana to reverse her decision in december to dispense with royal protection officers .
however , police reported the case to child protection officials .
the members of the asia pacific economic co operation apec account for nearly half of the world s trade .
images of the victims with black eyes and stitches were on the front pages of leading newspapers tuesday .
most of the nearly , kinds of scorpions are not dangerous to humans .
societe generale stockholders also have filed suit against the bank .
menu foods reported a total of pet deaths to the food and drug administration , the government agency said wednesday .
senator john warner , former chairman of the senate armed services committee , said the us needed to show that its commitment to iraq was not open ended .
polls show that americans overwhelmingly approve of sen . hillary clinton as secretary of state , but will the founding fathers veto this popular addition to barack obama s team of rivals ?
iran s oil minister went a step further and said opec will form a committee to study the dollar s affect on oil prices and investigate the possibility of a currency basket .
an hour before the attack , about salafist militants had been prevented by security guards from entering the school and distributing fliers protesting the festival , security sources said .
he d found it interesting years ago and highlighted it for future reference
president roh moo hyun on monday called for a more sincere attitude from north korea in the upcoming negotiations , saying the united states will surely give a security guarantee if it abandons its nuclear ambitions .
the agriculture ministry has said camels died in the space of four days in the dawasir valley , miles south of riyadh .
on tuesday , doctors removed a sizable part of ballesteros tumor .
they later left for new delhi where of the injured have been hospitalized .
all designed to stop palestinian militants from firing rockets at israel .
this is a tough vote .
losing by only of the vote , separatist leaders have quickly and defiantly vowed even federalists say the time has come for real reform in canada .
atletico had led at and but were left cursing defensive errors as turkish substitute nihat scored twice , including an th minute winner , to leave atletico empty handed .
his father was killed in world war ii and his mother also died , leaving him orphaned as a teenager .
a report released earlier this month recommended the immediate slaughter of the animals to protect lowland native grasslands and threatened species , and said relocating them would be inhumane .
state department spokesman sean mccormack issued a statement expressing regret for the committee s action , warning the resolution may do grave harm to u . s . turkish relations and to u . s . interests in europe and the middle east .
some experts fear bigger , coordinated attacks could cause widespread damage to electric infrastructure that could take months to fix .
london , england cnn campaigners held a day of protests around the world wednesday to highlight the plight of nobel peace prize winner and opposition leader aung san suu kyi and mark another year of her house arrest in myanmar .
the committee said le clezio was an author of new departures , poetic adventure and sensual ecstasy , explorer of a humanity beyond and below the reigning civilization .
democratic senator claire mccaskill also was on the cbs early show .
fischer was referring to bill clinton s comments over the weekend that a race between sen . john mccain and hillary clinton would be a contest between two people who love their country .
meanwhile , korean lawmakers from governing and opposition parties and leaders from the agriculture industry urged the government to stop the fta talks as soon as possible .
mike mcconnell , who laid out global threats facing the united states for a senate committee , said that unrest in africa s most populous country could spill into neighboring countries .
kim said he lost his son in a crowded street market near his home in . dawson was sent to an orphanage and adopted by ski instructors from colorado when he was years old .
ron cohen , the owner of the los angeles based clean diamonds , was the seller of the gem .
hers is the voice of experience .
south korea s president roh moo hyun has walked over the heavily fortified border into north korea en route to a summit in pyongyang .
speerstra said the snake was about inches long and appeared to be a juvenile .
president lee is likely to pick kim s successor soon along with a new ambassador to japan to lay the ground for his goal of bolstering seoul s ties with four major powers which have a great interest in the korean peninsula .
in these letters , the president reiterated our commitment to the six party talks and stressed the need for north korea to come forward with a full and complete declaration of their nuclear programs , as called for in the september six party agreement , johndroe said in a statement .
spokesman cheon ho sun warned that the seoul government would not sit by and watch the lives of its citizens being taken .
the korea times reports u . s . economic interventions have only driven north korea further into china s orbit , rather than forcing pyongyang back to the six party talks , quoting peter beck , an analyst with the international crisis group icg in seoul , in a recent opinion article .
kids do bring joy , says daniel gilbert , ph . d . , a psychology professor at harvard university and author of stumbling on happiness . they bring transcendent moments that outweigh all the hard work .
cnn weddings are supposed to be a time to celebrate new beginnings .
israeli leaders say they are trying to minimize civilian casualties in gaza .
in the practice , the men are buried up to their chests and people pelt them with stones until they die .
ban plans to tour the devastated irrawaddy delta in southern myanmar on thursday .
boulevard east is a narrow road with sweeping views of the manhattan skyline .
the government s own records show the rejected shipment was logged by the food and drug administration in september , but was never tested .
the report pushed the euro above its previous high of . , set friday .
an air weapons team spotted militants setting up roadside bombs in the new baghdad district saturday afternoon and launched a hellfire missile , the military said .
it said there were several confirmed militant deaths during the hour battle and no reports of civilian injuries .
harry s grandfather , prince philip , had a distinguished career in the royal navy .
they stopped to look at the lincoln memorial and the washington monument before greeting veterans of world war ii , some in wheelchairs .
the day after he was hospitalized , he issued a statement asking for privacy so he could receive care and heal .
you ll never break your hip . and it might help cut her heart disease risk , too .
the roh uri discord has intensified since roh proposed to hold a meeting with governing and opposition party leaders to deal with issues that included his nomination of chon hyo suk as chief of the constitutional court and long stalled bills in the national assembly .
where does a fairy tale go peter pan is back in theaters with the sequel return to never land , joining cinderella , dumbo , and lady and the tramp among the classic characters resurrected by the studio .
komodo dragons regularly kill prey such as pigs and small deer and have been known to take down an adult water buffalo .
their other task was to read pages laid out like a book .
miliband s duties are being carried out by junior ministers in his absence .
an heir of romania s former royal family put dracula s castle in transylvania up for sale monday , hoping to secure a buyer who will respect the property and its history , a u . s . based investment company said .
yadnya kasada , as the ritual is known , started in the th century in the final days of the majapahit hindu empire .
bill richardson , the democratic governor of new mexico criticized the bush administration for withdrawing troops in korea .
the suggestion gave computer users a way to convey humor or positive feelings with a smile or the opposite sentiments by reversing the parenthesis to form a frown .
a man died after falling from his balcony in hsinchu and a woman was electrocuted after falling from her motorcycle in tainan .
his report drew on a study conducted by sports physicians at the university of cologne showing that percent of all soldiers between the ages of and are overweight
however , it posed a challenge to olmert s security detail , since abbas security forces in the west bank are still weak . abbas troops failed to prevent hamas militants from seizing the gaza strip by force in june .
they have proposed a policy consultation with the government and will hold a series of public debates over the issue .
democrats have gained the final seat in the battle for the us senate , sealing their mid term poll victory in both houses of congress .
clinton commented just before the south carolina primary that jesse jackson won south carolina in and . jackson ran a good campaign . and obama ran a good campaign here .
a date for his trial has not been set .
with this type of performance and the bleak prospects facing the company for the rest of the year . . . i don t think zander s tenure is going to go much further .
the korea times reports south korea should map out measures to prevent the united states from launching surgical strikes against north korea to knock out its nuclear programs , quoting grand national party lawmaker park jin on tuesday .
it was approved over the weekend by a u . n . panel charged with looking for ways to mitigate climate change .
the huts are not very strong , he said . the houses are made of local materials .
it is a sensitive issue , and one on which many different
to engineer a yearly capital outflow of billion from this year , it will exempt taxes on capital gains realized from investments in overseas securities and allow state run funds to invest in foreign stocks and bonds .
former iowa gov . tom vilsack , one of hillary clinton s most ardent supporters , said sunday it s time for hillary clinton to acknowledge she has lost her bid for the democratic nomination .
it contained more than kilograms pounds of explosive material , detonators , timers and a bomb making manual in the basque language .
the soldiers set up a razor wire barrier to separate the two groups , and police conducted body searches of people arriving in the square .
kibaki said that his government will fully support implementation of the agreement reached under the national dialogue and reconciliation process until we achieve the results we all want .
bush called abbas the president of all the palestinians and a reasonable voice amongst the extremists .
although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims .
the myanmar envoy responded , we are ready to speed up and strengthen our relief effort . we will accept aid from any corner .
dataplay is also making a strong play for the teen age market .
while the number of chinese visitors has been increasing , they certainly haven t been overrunning american tourist attractions .
in the future , it could get wrapped around a lamppost or a person s wrist , even worn as clothing , said sony spokesman chisato kitsukawa . perhaps it can be put up like wallpaper .
as usual with his quarterly pieces , we ll decline to comment , white house spokesman gordon johndroe told cnn .
but the report also warned iraqi troops would not be ready to take over fully within the next months .
in other developments , myanmar soldiers have surrounded the campus of a technology school in yangon , detaining about , people , who were staging a hunger strike to protest the crackdown on demonstrators , a well known source with the pro democracy movement told cnn .
many more football clubs soon sprung up and by there were said to be in and around the sheffield area .
this combination provides our organizations with the ability to grow and accelerate the global flow of equity capital , said nasdaq s chief executive , robert greifeld , who will be chief executive of nasdaq omx group .
this is just one of the latest of china s massive public works projects , recent ones including the three gorges hydroelectric dam , a proposed , kilometer natural gas pipeline and the world s highest railroad from qinghai to tibet .
nearly people survived wednesday s crash at yogyakarta s international airport , jumping through emergency exits flames and smoke filled the cabin .
but the study released thursday on the science express web site , operated by the journal science , cautioned that collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors .
contrary to its stated aim , the incoming administration s education reform plan cheered the private education business yesterday , while some students , parents and teachers could not hide their frustration over the changes , particularly the emphasis on practical english language education .
a us justice department spokesman said the cases represented serious breaches of national security .
if you have a relevant , fun game or application , i don t see any reason why it shouldn t be approved .
the achievement could help scientists study why some species go extinct but others do not , and may even be useful in protecting other animals from extinction .
mina , saudi arabia cnn the year old egyptian farmer spent years scraping together , to bring his wife and son here to perform islam s hajj pilgrimage .
in the past , messages were available from an hour to two days after the initial posting .
i m not going to throw a figure out here .
a u . s . aid worker who went hiking easter sunday was found dead wednesday in the northern philippines , the peace corps announced .
the chopper was hit by two rifle shots sunday , but no one was injured and the aircraft returned safely to its base , police inspector aldari vianna said by telephone .
some rolled suitcases and carried boxes to vehicles with diplomatic plates . women huddled in idling cars , while children lugged backpacks .
while it had an ice cap then , the climate was relatively mild and they were able to establish colonies in coastal areas .
a world bank committee concluded wolfowitz violated staff rules when he arranged a raise and transfer for his girlfriend , shaha ali riza , a longtime bank employee .
the iranian ambassador told the associated press after the session that another meeting of the three nations will be held in iraq within a month .
i think we are now in a position after a very lengthy investigation . . . to start moving forward and trying to bring some resolution to this matter , glaser said , without saying how the dispute would be settled .
south korean president roh moo hyun sunday said north korea detects a crisis because the united states thinks the kim jong il regime will collapse in the end , adding that such hopes are making the current nuclear negotiations difficult .
yes , the old contract between company and employee is dead .
riyadh , saudi arabia cnn hundreds of camels have died in saudi arabia this week from a mystery ailment .
lieutenant colonel kevin arana heads the army s online and social media division , which recently launched the services facebook page .
rice was responding to the iaea s announcement that it plans to send a team to north korea next week to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor .
the steelers , on the other hand , will be making their th super bowl trip , and try to win it all for a record sixth time .
where was the secret service ?
in the middle of the interview , one of his guards handed him a cell phone .
the composer met with hitler and senior nazi officials including propaganda minister joseph goebbels and hitler s deputy , rudolf hess , turner s son said .
the wedding took place as planned and all went well , attorney jason l . turner said in an e mail to the associated press .
but participants told the bbc they had the democratic right to express their demands .
the incident prompted the iraqi government to call for blackwater s expulsion from the country and sparked anger among iraqis .
good morning , and merry christmas !
us experts are supervising the removal of , spent fuel rods as part of an international deal , first agreed in february and confirmed in october , under which north korea ends its nuclear program in return for economic aid and diplomatic concessions .
that soiree , at the storied rainbow room in rockefeller center , featured cent , don henley and aerosmith , among others .
hudson has not appeared in public since her family members were shot to death in october .
the judge can restrict kerviel s movements or who he talks to .
tony award winning actor richard griffiths plays a pyschiatrist who treats radcliffe s character .
authorities also said yesterday they secured evidence indicating byeon misused government funds to sponsor shin and buy artwork through her while he was planning and budget minister .
after it appeared in , the book helped prompt japan to reexamine this dark history .
he was conscious and alert but a little anxious , barksdale said of the victim .
the year old actor was initially taken by ambulance from his home to saint john s health center in santa monica on sunday and later transferred to cedars .
after being questioned by vatican police , the man will be handed over to italian police for further questioning .
it puts extra pressure on you so i m happy i am the one to survive .
secretary of state from north korea .
fire crews are back on the lines in west texas this morning , fighting to control a , acre wildfire that s destroyed homes .
the launches were part of regular military drills to strengthen self defense , the north s foreign ministry said in a statement carried on the state run korean central news agency .
political observers point out that polls are not votes , and there s still a lot of time for anything to happen .
burroughs said it was not clear how the car got onto the private greystone community airstrip the same one actor john travolta uses for his aircraft but the car was driving north on runway , which is . miles long .
nearly , homes and businesses around michigan still in the dark after a cold front blew through , knocking down tree limbs and power lines .
medvedev won the march election with an overwhelming majority but almost no campaign platform , said oksana antonenko of the international institute for strategic studies in london . now that medvedev has taken office , his real work begins , she said .
two fighter jets , including the one that crashed , had been undergoing night training at the time
flying penguins are unusual .
raleigh , north carolina cnn the prosecutor in the duke university lacrosse team rape case was disbarred saturday for unethical conduct , and the chairman of the disciplinary committee blamed political ambition for his downfall .
uribe was halfway to a picnic near his monterrey area home on sunday when one of the posts holding a sun shielding tarp over his bed hit an overpass .
an international torch relay has been dogged by pro tibet protesters in several cities around the world .
godwin said they finished breakfast about a . m . et and falwell went into his office . he was found there about a . m . et .
i think we will have more in europe in the next month or two , said david nabarro , senior u . n . coordinator for avian and human influenza .
there s a new report out on racial profiling in los angeles .
meanwhile ap business editor mark hamrick reports the fed is making more moves in the credit market .
it was consigned to the auction by lafayette s great great granddaughter .
in a separate development , the us military confirmed that a body pulled from the euphrates river near baghdad was one of three us soldiers missing in iraq .
the hairy , nocturnal , thick tailed rat , which resembles a squirrel , had been thought for centuries to be extinct .
suicide bomber kills at least people died on thursday when a suicide bomber rammed his explosives laden truck into a government building in northern iraq , police said .
libby was not accused of exposing plame .
television footage from the blast site , located in the sprawling residence of a party activist , showed the meeting hall littered with bloodstained clothes , police caps and overturned chairs .
it said gazprom s measures threaten both ukrainian and european energy security and can result in unforeseeable consequences for the whole gas transport system of europe .
former mayor andrew young , a lieutenant of her father s who has remained close to the family , said king was going to her brother dexter s home when she collapsed in the doorway .
both have continued to channel money through nongovernmental organizations to assist palestinians , but the palestinian government has been crippled financially .
scientists think that the virus might have jumped to humans when the blood of an infected chimpanzee came in contact with the blood of a bush meat hunter during the killing or butchering of the animal .
bae , the leader of the group of church volunteers taken hostage in afghanistan by the taliban , was killed on july and his body was found a short time later dumped on a road .
if there were no olympics , the city would still be building and expanding into rural land because of urbanization , she said .
officials at the u . s . trade representative ustr , in a news conference conducted over the phone , reaffirmed that the new trade policy announced thursday applies to all four ftas waiting congressional approval south korea , panama , peru and colombia .
the antonov , designed and built in the soviet union , first flew in , and is still used by a number of military and civilian operators around the world .
he produced no evidence to back up his claim , but said it showed the need for stricter checks on overseas visitors .
taking antioxidants like vitamins a and e to prolong life may actually have the opposite effect , new research has found .
divers and sonar teams are searching the hudson river for the two engines from a us airways jet that ditched on thursday .
bush noted total u . s . aid has doubled since he took office to . billion last year . some latin american critics say bush s claim is misleading because it is based on using as the starting point , and u . s . aid had dipped sharply that year , setting an artificially low benchmark .
he s a mexico city boy who first came to visit brownsville , texas and got very sick there the middle of this month .
what keeps them from toppling over ?
the migrations of humans out of africa to populate the rest of the world appear to have begun about , years ago , but little has been known about humans between eve and that dispersal .
they added that the drug could be an alternative to addictive sleep therapies such as benzodiazepines .
some of the targets were along the tigris river .
london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he supports plans to allow hospitals to take dead patients organs without their prior consent .
a yellow carpet , resembling the film s yellow brick road , led them to the stage .
i would like to thank my staff , players , niall quinn and in particular the fans for their support during my time at sunderland and i would like to wish the club every success in the future , he said .
xiang xiang died of serious internal injuries in the left side of his chest and stomach by falling from a high place , heng yi , an official from the wolong giant panda research center in sichuan , said in a telephone interview .
the two sides often test fire missiles .
the israeli army says a soldier has been killed in the fighting in the gaza strip .
the house and senate must now reconcile their two versions of the bill and send the result to bush .
however , we knew right away that this is not an option for us , the couple wrote . we understand that the risk is high , but we also understand that these little ones are much more than six fetuses .
vietnam s armed forces own a mobile phone company , a bank , shipbuilders , textile factories and even hotels in total more than firms .
the honor for sister alphonsa of the immaculate conception , the first indian woman to become a saint , comes as christians increasingly have been the object of attacks from hindu mobs in eastern and southern india .
about , workers in dubai blocked the main highway to abu dhabi , worsening the traffic jams that are already a fixture in this booming economy .
and these largely unpleasant buildings should not be treated as a joke .
insoo s year old sister twists his arm to give up the computer so she can post a new entry on her own cyworld homepage .
on the chinese mainland , public commemorations are forbidden and police tighten their normally intense vigilance of tiananmen square .
a judge in iraq has issued a warrant for the arrest of prominent iraqi politician ahmad chalabi .
located in the red light district on the oldest street in amsterdam , the winston , now owned by the english hotel group st . christopher s , has quite a past .
in return she must drop her support for international sanctions and abandon her confrontational attitude , it said .
both the president of kenya and the leader of the country s main opposition party are willing to meet with the african union to find a solution to their political stalemate one that stemmed from a disputed election and led to the deaths of hundreds in a week long ethnic cleansing spree , a senior u . s . official told cnn .
so we re just very , very close to a situation where antibiotics are becoming obsolete .
once they are in , they are permitted to e mail other hotties for . a month .
rehabilitating his reputation is now being considered by a state authorized commission set up during president kim dae jung s administration to recognize the contributions of democracy activists .
french banking giant societe generale said thursday it had uncovered an exceptional fraud case that cost it a staggering . billion . billion .
washington had said it would not delist north korea until pyongyang agreed to set up an internationally recognizable mechanism to verify it was revealing all its nuclear secrets .
zhang continues to build her case against the mine , trying to win compensation for medical testing , health care and damage to the village s rice crops .
china s xinhua news agency reported wednesday that the death toll from the quake which measured . on the richter scale had risen to , .
threat of terror attacks in middle eastern are growing ahead of the islamic holy month of ramadan .
chirac has been protected by presidential immunity during his years in power .
the decision by the aec , established after thaksin was deposed in a bloodless coup last september , is the latest setback for the family of the former media tycoon .
since president lyndon johnson launched the war on poverty , which is largely an urban war , back in the united states of america has spent trillion on welfare , much of it going to the inner cities of the united states .
in contrast the nikkei was up . percent or . points to , .
you have to be courageous , filled with self confidence .
not wise to talk about .
secretary general don mckinnon said pakistan was being suspended pending restoration of democracy and the rule of law .
ilulissat , greenland atop greenland s suicide cliff , from where old inuit women used to hurl themselves when they felt they had become a burden to their community , a crack and a thud like thunder pierce the air .
heng said the long delay in announcing xiang xiang s death was attributed to the need for a full investigation .
venus looks as if she is really enjoying herself out there more than serena is right now .
escorted by police , karr was driven away from the immigration detention centre in central bangkok where he has been held since his arrest on wednesday .
he is believed to have been the target of the attack .
project scientists have detailed more than billion dna building blocks of the mammoth , according to a study published in thursday s journal nature .
food riots have occurred in haiti , egypt and somalia this year .
davydenko , the first russian to win the title in its year history , dominated the one hour , minute contest and never allowed nadal to find his rhythm .
he was taken to washington s sibley memorial hospital , where he died , the hospital confirmed .
after deliberating for less than three hours , jurors unanimously rejected the civil lawsuit monday , ruling that reeves is not responsible for the photographer s alleged injuries .
there is nothing civil about a man marrying another man , one protester yelled .
however , the security forces refused to back down or let her through , and bhutto returned to her home .
we didn t set deadlines , bush said at his ranch in crawford , texas where he is hosting a summit with the leaders of mexico and canada .
i m glad we re getting a colored man in there , she said .
korea express , one of south korea s leading logistics firms , will sign an agreement with the libyan government next month to take over the remaining construction for the world s biggest waterway project .
russian bombers have been making flights over the western pacific for several months .
abdullah s coalition party , the national front , was expected to choose him to continue as prime minister if it captures a majority of seats in the next elections , kuppusamy said .
the capital , kabul , is patrolled by a , strong multinational peacekeeping force .
sen . hillary clinton will win west virginia s democratic primary by a wide margin , cnn projects .
it sent roh an official letter asking him to refrain from further making remarks that can influence elections .
iran s controversial president mahmoud ahmadinejad said sunday his country will make an announcement in april about new nuclear achievements .
the shark dives are advertised on the web site of his company , jim abernethy s scuba adventures .
we also had police sources who wouldn t speak on the record , who told us that he hit his head on the bathtub , as a result of the seizure , and that may have led to his death .
inspectors from the united nation s nuclear watchdog arrived tuesday in seoul to take a final look at controversial south korean uranium and plutonium experiments conducted from the early s before deciding whether to report the activities to the u . n .
she also wants you to learn something along the way , such as the fact that snails are hermaphrodites .
he passed secrets in exchange for hefty payments from december to february , said the spy chief , alberto saiz , head of the national intelligence agency known by its spanish initials cni .
the others , they know they are big , they want a job here in ghana , said exopa s ibrahim .
the same is likely for the east siberian chukchi sea region off northwest alaska and russia .
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said that he saw signs of an economic comeback in the recent strengthening of the yen against the u . s . dollar .
howard , who led the country for years and celebrated his friendship with president bush , told the newspaper that the decision to send australian troops to iraq in was very , very , very hard .
vacuum kiss , in which you suck the air out of your partner s mouth while kissing
after surgery to stabilize her neck and months of rehabilitation in new york , sang returned home and maintained a steady regimen of study and physical therapy .
just doing it made me feel better , but i d still like to say what i wrote directly to the idiot head of the faa , hall told the philadelphia daily news for thursday s editions .
a location is yet to be agreed after the taliban refused to meet at a venue under the control of nato led forces .
because of its proximity to the war torn country , yemen is a common destination for somalis fleeing economic hardship , famine and war .
euskaltel rider haimar zubeldia of spain came home third , while overall leader michael rasmussen retained the yellow jersey .
the patients , none of whom was killed , were transferred to other hospitals , weiss said . full story
at stake are amendments proposed by chavez , who has said he wants to steer venezuela toward full socialism a state his detractors describe as full totalitarianism .
fans of kitt will also remember her for one other thing
he had posed for pictures with her and some other women .
as for two assembly seats up for grabs , lee won bok of the main opposition grand national party gnp was elected in the namdong gu district in inchon , west of seoul .
jaffar amin lived with her at an official state residence , and he describes her as a second mother to him .
cuban leader fidel castro says he is in stable condition and good spirits following surgery , according a statement read on cuban tv .
if you do have a world phone , it still has to be unlocked for it to accept a sim card from another carrier . contact the carrier
but no timetable was set for a final declaration by north korea of all its nuclear programs and their ultimate dismantling .
the dry cured parma ham must age for at least a year in special conditions .
cheong wa dae said it would consider taking legal action , including appealing to the constitutional court , but nec officials said the stance of the presidential office would not affect their ruling .
gonzales has repeatedly said that he did nothing wrong .
deputy prime minister john prescott called michael a successful sailor in the great british maritime tradition .
emi s other artists include the rolling stones , coldplay , pink floyd and joss stone .
the south korean government , meanwhile , remained cautious over the accident to avoid stirring a diplomatic dispute with china .
searchers have found more bits of bone at the remote mountain site of steve fossett s plane crash .
burrell also told the inquest he did not believe prince philip , queen elizabeth s , husband was involved in diana s death .
but the cars that people buy have been getting heavier as safety regulations add air bags and people with longer commutes demand more comfort .
test results the previous day confirmed the outbreak of a highly virulent type of bird flu .
nowadays , teenagers are snapping naked pictures of themselves on their cell phones and sending them to their boyfriends and girlfriends .
the year old suffered from motor neurone disease mnd , which deprived him of the use of his arms and legs and caused him to be on a ventilator , mary ewert told the independent .
the outgoing white house pooch must be a little peeved these days .
the arizona senator s campaign his second run for the white house was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party s conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising .
commonwealth foreign ministers have given pakistan days to lift its emergency rule or face suspension .
an internet message said the elephants appeared scared and restless to visitors at the park tuesday .
for years , people believed that good health is a direct result of strong economic development .
if romney comes out on top , the battle for the gop presidential nomination will be up in the air .
he drew five maps for rescuers .
hu jia , who is , was convicted of inciting subversion of state power and the socialist system , his lawyer said .
the new trench was excavated at the edge of a polygon shaped pattern in the ground that may have been formed by the seasonal melting of underground ice .
the average man probably does not consider saving wildlife when popping a dose of viagra , but two scientists suggest that the tiny pill could save tens of thousands of animals .
researchers are free to publish papers on off label uses , of course , but their findings rarely reach the lay media .
but while about half of calls come from cell phones
ban has instructed ibrahim gambari to convey his views directly to the authorities in myanmar upon his arrival , the statement said .
the director the controversial movie fahrenheit that is very critical of the bush administration says his goal is to have a new president in the oval office .
but with the increased interest in internet dating comes more people willing to prey on those looking for love online .
few stories have touched cnn . com users like that of year old youssif , an iraqi boy who had gone out to play on a january day when he was suddenly grabbed by masked men , doused in gas and set on fire .
consumer sentiment dropped to the worst level .
meanwhile , airport operator baa plc , said it had fixed a computer problem with the terminal s state of the art baggage handling system that began on saturday .
i get asked the question so often , i thought it best to make an announcement , connery , , said in a statement posted thursday on lucasfilm s indiana jones web site . i thought long and hard about it , and if anything could have pulled me out of retirement it would have been an indiana jones film .
the pride campus is expected to serve students , school officials said .
now he should release his records from being in the state senate and any other information that the public and the press need to know from his prior experience .
in what the times calls an agitated speech last thursday , roh harshly criticized conservatives , including some retired generals , for having recklessly opposed his security policies such as plans to take wartime operational control back from the united states .
a police officer accidentally shot and killed a soccer fan sunday while trying to break up a fight between supporters of rival teams , authorities said .
u . s . defense secretary robert gates said wednesday that he saw little chance of war erupting among colombia , ecuador and venezuela .
the walls of the echo chamber can sometimes keep out fresh voices and new ways of thinking . . . .
it is unclear if suu kyi s confinement had been extended for six months or for a year as there were conflicting reports .
minutes later , spilotro s fellow mobsters beat and strangled him in a suburban bensenville basement on a june afternoon years ago .
the whole industry of beer has gotten together to say this date is definitely historic , said julia herz , spokeswoman for the brewers association , which represents smaller craft brewers .
the korea times says concern over agflation , or agricultural inflation , is looming amid a surge in international grain prices .
kim denied the allegations of bribery , claiming the money was for purchasing office appliances .
the pentagon said the window of opportunity to strike the , pound satellite opened wednesday , when the space shuttle atlantis landed in florida .
it just so happens , as on many university campuses , that certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together , he said .
a glitch with a mars orbiter relaying commands from earth delayed plans for the phoenix mars lander s second day of activities tuesday , nasa officials said .
the two states only other summit was held in pyongyang in . at the time , kim jong il promised to make the return journey to seoul , but that has never happened .
los angeles , california cnn britney spears motoring misfortunes continue .
what they said today in their vote was that , yes , there were victims , there were women who were used as sex slaves , yes , there was a systematic military program that captured , coerced women and girls to be used as sex slaves , kyodo news service quoted honda as telling reporters after the passage of the resolution .
china sunday announced it has deployed over , people s liberation army forces to southern china in what it described as a war on wintry weather .
this particular morning , there are so few participants , i find myself helping out by holding a huge , centuries old bible while the priest reads .
before entering the office building , he said , i m sorry to the people .
all government office buildings would become no smoking zones now , only smaller government office buildings are smoke free .
snoop dogg , real name calvin broadus , has been performing across europe with combs , once his bitter rival in a notorious feud between the east and west coast u . s . hip hop scenes .
yang jiechi said individuals and groups were trying to tarnish china s image .
danish embassies in predominantly muslim countries , such as pakistan , have been the scene of protests since danish newspapers reprinted cartoons that muslims say insult their prophet .
iraq and syria agrees to increase security along their border .
a spokesman for sharif s pakistan muslim league told cnn that sharif would attempt to talk with chaudhry , who was among judges sacked by musharraf .
korean authorities say just the opposite .
hussein was executed shortly after being convicted on charges of killing shiite men and boys in dujail , north of baghdad , after a botched assassination attempt in .
the seven are widely expected to face charges of criminal negligence .
the way he was serving tonight , it s tough , nadal said . you feel a lot of pressure when you re serving .
china s gross domestic product for the first nine months of increased by . percent , . percent lower than last year , china s state council information office said .
kim was killed almost three weeks after he was kidnapped may although his capture was not made public until early last monday morning , when a videotape aired on an arab tv station showed him pleading for his life and his captors setting seoul a hour deadline to meet their demands .
figure out what new responsibility you are capable and willing to assume and ask that it be given to you .
the office of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , who has a large base of support in basra , got involved in talks to release the men .
this is a new phenomenon , said zimbabwe s ambassador to the united nations , boniface guwa chidyausiku , noting that four simultaneous elections were held saturday .
but violence in the gaza strip and southern israel has hampered talks between israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
taliban spokesperson qari yousuf ahmad confirmed to cnn late saturday that the release would take place .
bush told a reporter in response to a question about the incident .
this work continues .
but for many people , this medication loses its effectiveness over time , while the side effects

gore went on to praise the nominee s vision on the environment , domestic and international issues .
while the united states is supportive of turkey s efforts to fight terror , it is concerned that it might generate regional instability .
police confirm they have taken a person into custody but are not saying who .
giuliani s report provides the first detailed picture of his vast holdings and income since his term as mayor of new york ended more than five years ago .
until recently , it was easy to find picky shoppers being particular over every detail of a product s class and quality , not minding the number on the price tag .
stoves help keep darfur s women out of harm s way
its sixth test of its missile defense system was a success , meaning it intercepted an intercontinental ballistic missile about minutes after it was launched .
some republicans on capitol hill privately questioned whether rumsfeld could survive and were angry that he had not shared information with them .
in miami , there s a group of protesters carrying signs outside an abortion clinic .
a yahoo spokeswoman , pauline wong , said the company had no immediate comment .
the cruise ship is lodged about miles into the waterway from the atlantic ocean , he said .
french fashion house christian dior dropped stone from its chinese ads after she made the comments in may during a cannes film festival red carpet interview .
the storm damaged area is crisscrossed by a huge river delta that surged as sidr pushed through , wiping out villages and littering the river s shores with debris .
an audiotape milk records just in case is screenwriter dustin lance black s convenient structuring device , foregrounding the story s tragic outcome and allowing milk to narrate his own life story .
only few students has gathered for the candlelit rally which was expected to be a big one .
if kabul administration does not solve our problem . . . then we do not have any option but to kill korean hostages , ahmadi said . the taliban are not asking for money .
how the habit of treating ships as feminine began though it is a custom used mainly in english dominated countries .
it has a second radio aboard that might be used instead , though reprogramming would be needed .
saying that the almost wrapped up sectors include trade remedies , she hinted that the u . s . would give low level benefits in its application of anti dumping measures against korean exporters without amending its laws .
the system enables a commander to selectively apply and maximize combat power at critical points on the battlefield .
i m looking forward to stepping away from things and spending time at home but i m sure whether it s next year or the year after i ll look at what s out there and i m sure that will involve tennis .
in april , it hosted the first formal talks between washington and pyongyang since the nuclear dispute started in october .
yin noted that in the past two months , some businesses , mainly smaller ones , have been forced to close or suspend production .
the father is currently out of icu and is on his way to surgery to have four slugs removed , the sheriff said .
chong wa dae spokesman yoon tai young said he is not in a position to comment on whether the president would quit the party or not .
wang was second in the chinese national all around competition in , and her zhejiang provincial team took silver in the team competition last year .
i m seeing a lot of new country and taking lots of scenic photographs .
we have , fans going to the game and we are extremely concerned for our supporters , the vast majority of whom have already made travel arrangements .
when news of the killings reached the territory , over a million poured onto the streets in protest .
neighbors said they had been bothered by a foul smell for several weeks and that the smell only subsided recently when overnight temperatures dropped .
the president does believe strongly in transparency , and believes that there was no legal basis for which to withhold these memos .
it is expected to take effect either in late or early , according to the eu .
according to a statement from the workers , they are seeking the same pay and job security as the automaker s employees .
hsbc shares rose percent on the london stock exchange after the announcement us . .
which would mean extra costs for fuel and for wear and tear on equipment .
the stoppages , due to last a total of hours , are not expected to have a significant impact on hyundai s output or share price , analysts said .
sen . barack obama claimed victory in mississippi s democratic primary tuesday .
the changes could be put into place next year , state media has said .
it is indeed a moment of opportunity in iraq thanks to the courageous decisions taken by the prime minister and a unified iraqi leadership , rice said sunday . she praised the iraqi security forces which have fought very bravely in this recent operation .
at the end of the inaugural assembly of the parliamentarians alliance for peace in asia papa , over lawmakers from countries adopted a joint declaration of peace and a charter that calls for joint studies into the countries shared past to correct any controversial anomalies .
several mccain advisers have suggested to cnn that they have become increasingly frustrated with what one aide described as palin going rogue .
mexico s interior ministry declared a state of emergency in the state of campeche , southwest of cancun .
in a sign of tense inter korean relations , communist north korea thursday expelled most of korean officials from the kaesong industrial complex .
the year old busan native studied law at seoul national university .
pelosi was the highest ranking american politician to visit syria since relations began to deteriorate in .
but once they miss a payment , they get ensnared in the trap of owing more and end up turning to other dubious lenders only to find themselves deeper in debt .
the coroner said kercher was stabbed in the neck .
that s why your vote is so important .
police spokesman wayne patterson said authorities were working to determine the motive and refused to confirm it was over the hijab , the traditional muslim head scarf .
kampusch will be hosting a show on the austrian television station puls , wolfgang brunner , her adviser said .
he said , however , he was pleased to see iraq now building up its own security forces , which he estimated number about , .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
that fall was a consequence of stationing troops in iraq , tension with tokyo over the dokdo islets and japan s past military aggression , and labor management conflicts .
sales for the first six months of this year marked a percent increase over the same period in , christie s said .
it s also somewhat hard to avoid them
the blood of our people is not cheap , barhoum said in a statement faxed to the associated press , calling on hamas fighters and other palestinian militant groups to be united in the trench of resistance and to use all possible means of resistance and to respond to the massacres
just yesterday , president elect barack obama warned of trillion dollar deficits for years to come .
golf s young bloods set to storm
retail gas prices edged lower , but appear poised to rise to new records of their own in coming weeks .
washington cnn the house of representatives on wednesday failed to override president bush s veto of a billion war spending bill that included a deadline for u . s . troops to pull out of iraq .
israel said it would do everything in its power to retrieve the soldier , the first to be captured since .
the talks and dialogue are going on to persuade the taliban to release the hostages . . . and no incident has happened to the hostages , said deputy interior minister munir mangal , who also heads a government team tasked to release the christian captives .
the harbor square is quiet , littered with calloused little boats .
last week , the lander found evidence of ice below the soil .
according to officials in seoul and irbil , year old painter chong myong nam was working with a couple of fellow workers within the south korean military base when the lid of a container , connected to a compressor , struck him on the head .
the year old victim is punched , kneed and slapped by other girls .
who are opting to become fathers alone , with the help of gestational surrogacy .
and there are american technicians from the department of energy on site helping with all of this . it seems a far cry from the hostility conjured by the axis of evil .
the coffee , which went on sale yesterday , is either available at for a shot at the peter jones espresso bar , or shoppers can buy g packs of the coffee beans to take away for the same price .
indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheavals due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin .
palin drew huge crowds at her campaign stops , garnered intense media interest and brought big ratings to saturday night live as comedian tina fey impersonated her in several political skits .
correspondents say the events come at a tense time , with no president and no working parliament .
other officials warned that the death toll could rise .
the raleigh news and observer , citing brown , reported that the woman s mother said her daughter phoned home or her relatives up to times a week and the mother became concerned when she did not hear from her daughter for five days .
reports say a number of people have died and many have been injured in dili , where disgruntled ex soldiers are fighting government troops .
the final letters written by kim sun il just before he was kidnapped by iraqi insurgents are further deepening the public s sorrow and distress over the precious life lost .
the last summit was in november when roh met junichiro koizumi , former japanese premier , who is considered one of the most unwelcome persons in korea because of his frequent visits to tokyo s yasukuni shrine , which includes memorials to class a war criminals .
failure to muster a strong military effort combined with economic development and a counternarcotics plan would be a mark of shame , he said .
many private economists and members of the u . s . public believe the country has already fallen into its first recession since .
washington cnn secretary of state condoleezza rice on sunday said the administration did not use former cia director george tenet s slam dunk comment as the reason to invade iraq , disputing his complaints .
eye fi gb anniversary edition sd card
the pilot and another state police officer were killed , along with a medic and one of two auto accident victims who were being transported to a hospital .
city administrator pat zavoral says the red river will be well above flood stage when it crests in a week or so
police said the girl does have serious wounds , including an entry wound on the right side of her face , and an exit wound on the left side , indicating the bullet likely pierced straight through her face .
the nation s analog broadcast system will be converted to digital by the end of , the broadcasting and communications commission said yesterday in a release .
according to cnn s average of national polls , percent of voters are still undecided .
the death of alexander litvinenko .
they were able to provide an operating system on the schedule we needed , he says .
so she could show the ring off . the otherworldly lights also have provided inspiration for almost sacred pilgrimages , eder said .
even a split decision in the two states would leave her with a steep climb to overtake obama s lead of roughly pledged convention delegates who select the nominee , and increase the pressure on her to quit .
experts say seoul hopes the two koreas will take the lead in forming a peace mechanism .
many people only recently realized the change would even impact computers .
but even god rested on sunday .
portions of southeastern cuba and part of haiti .
new delhi , india cnn tens of thousands of impoverished indians arrived in the national capital on sunday ending a monthlong march to draw attention to the plight of those dispossessed of their land by recent economic development .
speaking of michigan , united auto workers president ron gettelfinger says he s glad to see fiat of italy lined up to partner with chrysler , which is in the middle of its first federal bankruptcy court hearing in new york this morning
the investigation into the attempted terror attacks in london and glasgow has become a global terror probe after an eighth suspect was arrested in australia late monday .
fellman said the film should stand up well against the more youth oriented films that will fight for the top spot next weekend good luck chuck and resident evil .
jolie has also adopted three children close in age from cambodia , ethiopia and vietnam .
family members of those killed gather quietly in cemeteries or at each other s homes .
a man who was angry at his girlfriend used a lighter and toilet paper to set the fire at a lodging house in jamsil which killed eight people and injured , police announced yesterday .
i look forward to further regular discussions .
the report said , people , including government officials , were punished in for not adhering to the policy , which has been in place for almost years .
but few experts on the american workforce doubt that work has changed dramatically in recent years , increasing the pressures and the incentives to work harder .
in his speech , olmert also promised to improve freedom of movement of the palestinian population in the west bank substantially and reopen trade ties with the territory , saying he wanted to show the palestinians that the way of peace and dialogue will bring a better , more comfortable , more peaceful life .
iraq s central government is concerned these gunmen might turn into armed militias if the u . s . pulls out and civil war erupts .
former evangelical pastor ted haggard says his sexual identity is complex and can t be put into stereotypical boxes .
fujimori , , faces charges that range from bribery and corruption to murder and human rights abuses that carry a potential penalty of years in prison .
an unlikely victory in gran canaria , combined with latvia beating sweden , would have seen the province secure a place in euro and end their long absence from a major finals .
while rice was speaking of finding a resolution to the decades old conflict , israel has said it will not conduct peace talks with abbas now that he has joined forces with hamas .
australian open finalist jo wilfried tsonga has been ruled out of france s davis cup quarterfinal against the united states this weekend because of a right knee injury .
video clips taken on the water were shown as the two men talked .
insurers have no consistent standards on coverage .
a fifth suspect , charles cashmore , , turned himself in wednesday , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation .
he said polls in the czech republic suggested that more than percent of people opposed the missile defense program .
the move is seen as an escalation of a row over the firing of eight federal prosecutors , correspondents say .
the cutty sark , thought to be the world s only surviving th century tea clipper and a prime relic of the golden age of sail , was engulfed by flames monday , causing extensive damage to one of london s most popular tourist attractions .
u . s . envoy christopher hill said the six party talks could now move on to the next problem , of which there are many , ap reported .
at the beginning of the year , clinton led the superdelegate race by more than .
ankara argues the group is a terrorist organization responsible for the deaths of at least turkish soldiers earlier this month , and says the kurdish separatists enjoy freedom of movement in northern iraq .
the frozen accounts have been a sore spot for the north korean government and so angered pyongyang that it had refused to participate in six nation nuclear arms talks for over a year .
the korea herald reports the nation s consumer confidence index fell to a six month low in april , as fast rising crude oil prices and the strength of the local currency reduced optimism among consumers , a government report showed yesterday .
bermuda
the makeshift homes are made of bamboo , mud and thatch .
indonesian police arrested six pro tibet protesters and took down anti chinese banners and signs outside the sports complex , according to a protest organizer .
some local media sources later put the number of dead as high as five , with wounded , including troops , the associated press reported .
sparks wanted to make sure that she didn t alienate any age group with the material she chose .
i was swinging so hard on that drive , sorenstam said of her tee shot on .
britain s royal mail is issuing a series of seven stamps depicting the covers of the best selling harry potter books just before the final volume goes on sale .
russia s threat to aim weapons at europe if the us sets up a missile shield was unwelcome , nato has said .
each year , dozens of honor killings are reported in iraq and thousands are reported worldwide , said the united nations .
but they were paid highly , and they gradually came to accept their work peacefully .
mullen says , however , he s reluctant to talk about winning and losing .
if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .
no negotiations were planned on march , and each side met privately with its own members to assess the situation .
president obama and treasury secretary geithner will be announcing a broad package to help small businesses .
former movie star and bodybuilder arnold schwarzenegger is one of austria s most famous sons .
last fall , ausnes , , was one of nearly , americans in need of a kidney .
giuliani said mccain gives the republican party the best chance to hold onto the presidency .
six days before a mercury energy representative arrived tuesday at the house to disconnect the electricity , she was in arrears .
he did not elaborate on the hotel s warning or when the security measures were enacted .
they also added that , though south korea is still attractive as an investment destination , other countries are more lucrative , encouraging investors to look beyond korea in global business opportunities .
australian foreign minister stephen smith said the japanese government which formally approached australia to assist in the transfer did not lay out any conditions for the transfer , in which the men were brought on board the australian ship , the oceanic viking .
there was no immediate word from police on the cause of the accident .
in an e mail to supporters , the clinton campaign called west virginia a tremendous victory .
radical iraqi shiite cleric moqtada sadr says he is freezing the activities of his mehdi army militia for up to six months in order to re organize it .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
, the british press association reported .
the virgin atlantic boeing flight was part of a joint initiative with planemaker boeing and engine manufacturer ge aviation to develop a sustainable aircraft fuel .
in october , she and her husband , blake fielder civil , were arrested at a norwegian hotel for marijuana possession .
the korea times reports communist north korea has broken its months long silence on south korea s new conservative government , criticizing the lee myung bak administration s tougher line on the north .
whether couch will take a third trip is up to his wife , and susan couch said she s thinking about saying no .
the movie starts out showing an ordinary school day , with a group of students gossiping in the cafeteria , playing football or working in the photography lab .
here are ways you might be unknowingly sabotaging your own job search
back in the s , when london graffiti proclaimed clapton is god , the brilliant british guitarist was descending into a personal hell .
each delivered on their own version of populism , focusing on the economy and the middle class .
as well as investing in making the feedstock polysilicon , motech has started making inverters to support its customers who make modules .
just remind yourself to look good , appear confident , say all the right things and don t say any of the wrong ones .
but linda vancel recently got a sweet surprise
rising global temperatures as well as growing food consumption in rapidly developing countries such as china and india are pressuring the world food system , meaning that food prices will rise for the foreseeable future , according to the international food policy research institute .
palestinians have launched more than rockets into israel since may , an idf statement sent sunday said .
the agency was serving meals and counseling victims over the weekend .
it s important for our campaign to not only make sure the record is correct when folks are saying things that don t jive with the facts but also that we are sending a message to voters that we re going to bring about a different kind of politics over the long term .
a total of helicopters , including five royal air force helicopters , were scrambled to the safe scandinavia rig described as a floating accommodation unit after emergency services were contacted early sunday , british coast guard spokesman fred kaygill told cnn .
the initial steps include the shutdown of the north s main reactor in exchange for economic aid and political concessions . it is the first time the north s reclusive leader has spoken publicly about the february disarmament deal .
on saturday , astronauts took photographs of the thermal blanket and heat shield using a camera attached to the end of a robotic arm and boom .
hello kitty one of mascot obsessed japan s biggest hits as a toy character is often seen on lunch boxes , jewelry and many other accessories .
u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte said sunday that he had expressed to musharraf the united states displeasure with pakistan s emergency rule and urged him to lift the order and release all political detainees ahead of elections .
the burial site identified in cameron s documentary is in a southern jerusalem neighborhood nowhere near the church .
the spreading flames prompted mandatory evacuations of up to homes tuesday in the los feliz neighborhood on the park s south side , according to the fire department .
brian thomas , the associated press with ap newsminute .
backed by the bank , terrorists carried out the kidnapping , ransom , torture , execution and dismemberment of daniel pearl and broadcast those images nationwide , the lawsuit said .
in southern california national transportation safety board investigators say the engineer sent a text message from his cell phone just seconds before last month s commuter train crash that killed people .
rail services to and from the airport were suspended as a safety precaution , however the crash did not affect other flights at the airport , van der cruysse said .
there was one catch fans had hours to go the web site and print out the coupon .
new jersey lawmakers have voted to abolish the death penalty in the state , sending the governor a bill he has already said he will sign .
fit or fat soldiers ?
zeckhausen urged the moms gathered in the kitchen to eliminate what she called negative body talk .
order of the phoenix was the first to get a jump on the weekend with a wednesday opening . we re in the middle of summer , and we just said why not ?
many analysts say the best option for clinton is to return to the senate , where she can establish a powerful influential voice like that of sen . edward kennedy .
ban arrived in the iraqi capital thursday morning on an unannounced visit , his first to the war torn country since taking office in january .
for a second day , the lebanese military launched heavy artillery bombardment of the nahr el bared palestinian refugee camp .
check her out from behind and you can read the cover letter .
you had a veteran like james brooks who came from writing smart sitcoms such as the mary tyler moore show and taxi and brought that same sensibility now to writing for a cartoon show . that had never been done .
there is public concern about the m of government funding he received for his research .
samarra is a predominantly sunni town about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
later , laura bush made her own minor calendar mistake .
i ve always wanted to do it since i started golf .
mann was in critical condition earlier in the day and underwent surgery , the hospital said .
on sunday , the eight democratic contenders seeking their party s presidential nomination will appear together on stage before several hundred people the first time new hampshire voters will be able to size up these candidates in a side by side comparison .
for a short while , the southern runway was closed leaving only the northern runway open .
after abu reesha s killing , the council went on iraq s state run television to announce seven days of mourning .
authorities say michael mcclendon first burned down his mother s house , her body was inside .
surf school
the talks with iraqi prime minister ibrahim jaafari and prime minister jalal talabani came as iraqi politicians are struggling to form a government of national unity .
among its tools are economic sanctions , arms embargoes , financial sanctions , travel bans and military actions .
the man moved his part of the house to his parents property , may titthara said .
the body of andrew veal , a year old public opinion researcher from athens , georgia , was found on saturday and ruled a suicide by the new york city medical examiner s office .
new york ap a civic group concerned with rebuilding lower manhattan said thursday that while the new designs for the world trade center site were inspiring , the process for deciding what will be built there is flawed .
of seats up for grabs since last year , the party has not been able to win one .
zimbabwe s high court is expected to announce monday whether it can order the country s electoral commission to release the results of last weekend s presidential election , a lawyer for the commission said .
the supreme public prosecutors office said monday that it decided to accept a proposal by the committee on the improvement of the investigation system and practices for human rights , and to establish new guidelines and implement them within the year .
it was the oldest active ship with the longest total period of active service in the navy .
two women hostages were freed monday afternoon as a result of face to face talks between a two member taliban delegation and korean officials .
the last case of russian aircraft approaching the u . s . coastline or ships in the pacific was in february .
the first ruling was issued after the grand national party gnp filed a complaint on june against roh who has argued that he has the right to engage in political activities and has proposed amending the election law .
tire tracks hundreds of meters long could be seen in the grass behind the plane , which was surrounded by fire engines and other emergency vehicles .
hyundai the country s largest car firm , and its affiliate kia motors , which is headed by chung s son represent some of south korea s vehicle exports , making it a vital part of the economy .
all together , , students will be admitted every year starting in march .
he has been charged with a total of break ins after other links were found .
and the level of violence in anbar has plummeted , although there clearly is still work to be done .
blanchett , who won a best supporting actress oscar in for the aviator , starred in last year s notes on a scandal and babel .
mccain s friend , senator lindsey graham , says the republican presidential candidate provided leadership yesterday by telling house republicans to stop shouting at each other .
there has been vocal opposition to the deployment plan , but roh has argued that it is important to support the u . s .
want to protect your kids from violent video games ?
erdogan s cabinet scheduled a meeting for wednesday to discuss possible economic measures against groups supporting the kurdish rebels .
he said that congress did not have the political willpower to tackle social security at the time because the program was not facing an imminent funding crisis .
but the democratic race between senators hillary clinton and barack obama is very tight and may go further .
the judge said in her ruling that the suspects might try to flee italy if released .
ahmadinejad s announcement came at the end of a lengthy news conference wednesday , in which he said the detainees had violated iran s territorial waters and called their release a gift to the british people .
rome , italy cnn police raided a summit of mafia dons in sicily on monday , arresting a longtime fugitive mobster believed by authorities to be vying to become cosa nostra s next boss of bosses .
moscow , russia cnn averting what could have been another gas crisis across europe , russia and ukraine have fixed a price on natural gas for while kiev has promised to pay its gas debts .
i believe that job training is , if there is a single , and there s not , but if there were to be a single most important issue , it is that .
police were still trying to identify the dead and were looking for a vehicle the gunman may have used to come to the mall .
the fair trade commission fine on branches of the nation s top three newspaper companies .
maria sharapova has been awarded a place at the season ending wta championships after american venus williams withdrew on medical advice .
although the match result would appear to be a foregone conclusion , the rallying cries of gamba and japan midfielder yasuhito endo , who stated all of us can be stars if we win , shows the passion and determination that will ooze from the japanese side come kick off .
stahnke said he doesn t know what happened between when he left the bar and when he woke up the next morning , and police were skeptical when he filed a report on monday .
the storm also disrupted travel for many during a three day holiday weekend , with train services halted , highways closed and flights canceled , including those to and from shanghai , china , and seoul , south korea , nhk said .
computer sharing is even easier .
a u . s . ch chinook helicopter went down wednesday night in southern afghanistan , killing all seven aboard , u . s . and nato officials said .
three protesters scaled the golden gate bridge monday and unfurled a free tibet banner , a likely precursor to large protests when the olympic torch arrives wednesday in san francisco , california .
students aren t learning on the same equipment they will use in the business world .
according to the new york times , the terrorists claim security forces provided uniforms and vehicles needed to set up a phony checkpoint not far from the area where johnson was abducted .
as long as the north korean issue doesn t hurt the economy , i am not too concerned and am not too interested in the matter . another side of oneself ground zero
in drawing up the new government , hamas is to propose an independent candidate to hold the crucial post of interior minister , who would control the palestinian security forces .
. billion high speed route which runs for miles from the channel tunnel near folkestone in kent to central london .
since then , other organizations like human rights watch have spun off from amnesty , performing vital work standing up for people who are unable to stand up for themselves .
bacon , whose credits include mystic river , footloose and the recent political biopic frost nixon , has appeared in movies or television programs since , according to the internet movie database .
english clubs warned over . b debt mountain
roughly of the ships are based in japan and the pacific island of guam , while the others rotate out of ports in hawaii and the u . s . west coast .
pim verbeek , assistant coach of the south korean national football team , has been promoted to succeed dick advocaat as team coach .
the price gap between the two countries has narrowed . percent from december , when the price index for south korea was at . the narrowing price gap between the two countries also means that living costs are not much different between the two countries .
it s not clear where the video was shot , although the man who appears to throw the puppy and another marine are in full combat gear with helmets .
lee edged former party chairwoman park geun hye by , votes in sunday s primary , the conservative party announced at its nomination convention in seoul .
rome , italy cnn jamaican asafa powell set a new men s world m record of . seconds at the iaaf grand prix at rieti , italy , on sunday , beating his old mark of . set in athens in june .
and he says that could lead to implanting other non fluorescent genes that could help treat specific diseases .
gonzales , who has been undergoing intensive preparations for the appearance , is expected to come under tough questioning from members of both parties .
park s supporters consider the new rules undemocratic and it seems likely that her side will lobby against their implementation .
the little girl , he said , has responded very well . . . . everything is going according to plan .
but restaino s lawyer , terrence connors , said wednesday the judge profoundly apologizes for his actions during the march hearing and will appeal the panel s ruling .
an estimated , homes of , families were destroyed or damaged , according to the north s media .
it s extremely important to establish a common agenda to move forward toward the establishment of a palestinian state , she said .
the north basically shared the south s view on kim s planned visit , the minister , lee jong seok , told reporters after the end of the th inter korean cabinet talks .
the mass execution took place sunday evening according to afghan law , which calls for condemned prisoners to be shot to death , abdul salam ismat said .
his words seemed to have a positive effect on wall street which probably hung on his words even more than it usually does
police officers and civilians .
the fabled mines entered popular culture in with the publication in great britain of the bestselling king solomon s mines by sir h . rider haggard .
toy firm mattel is recalling , communist chinese made toys after lead contamination fears , the us has said .
the head of the beijing olympics said efforts by tibetan activists to promote an international boycott of the summer games are doomed to failure .
pills were found in the vicinity of the bed , police spokesman paul browne told cnn . this is being looked at as a possible overdose , but that is not confirmed yet .
the referendum , which would have opened the door for chavez to hold on to power indefinitely and moved the country toward institutionalized socialism , lost percent to percent , according to official results .
london , england cnn two british teenagers have been sentenced to nine months in prison for trying to smuggle cocaine out of ghana , a spokesman for britain s foreign office said wednesday .
mccain told reporters that the cultural and religious traditions of small town americans were not a response to economic hardship .
the rebels feigned they had withdrawn from their first line of defenses in well dug out trenches , one official said . after the troops backed by battle tanks reached the area , the rebels sprung a fierce attack .
a government official with knowledge of the tapes said the tapes were of al qaeda operative abu zubayda and another detainee .
an equal number of obama supporters said they ll sit it out come november if clinton is their party s nominee .
cnn cannot independently verify the video , which was intercepted by terrorism expert laura mansfield .
the police agency had cut off electricity in the press room since early last week , preparing for the eventual shutdown of the room where more than journalists work .
she had the surgery today at the memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york .
the transfer of the money has been delayed due to unexplained problems .
so i went to my old home , the palace , but guards there would not let me in .
concerns out here of some kind of a grand bargain , developed in secret , are completely unrealistic .
the world health organization has released a report about how disease weakens the economies of poor countries .
we can t cut that option because our average customer wants it , they said again and again .
he said federline is pleased with the agreement , and he and his attorneys feel that spears has stabilized in the months following two hospitalizations earlier this year .
a plane with seven people aboard crashed into the mediterranean sea on thursday , a french regional government official told cnn .
the bodies have continued washing ashore in the weeks since .
earlier in the day , a financial settlement was announced that appeared to clear the way for the change in sentence .
the other favorite of the evening , forest whitaker , took home the best actor oscar for his portrayal of ugandan dictator idi amin in the last king of scotland .
as the sleet turned into stinging hail , the trail disappeared altogether . the snowstorm struck when we were totally exposed on the switchback ridge .
if the independent counsel confirms allegations against lee before he takes office on feb . , he will face serious challenges .
the passenger jet skidded off the runway during a landing attempt amid heavy rain and strong crosswinds , according to thai news agency , thailand s national news agency .
millar s heroics in a km breakaway compensated in part for the mechanical misfortune which dashed the hopes of another home rider , mark cavendish of the t mobile team .
the two koreas have held the joint celebrations to mark the first inter korean summit and the accord adopted during the summit , which set off a string of rapprochement projects and significantly warmed up inter korean relations .
the powerful political movement boycotted iraq s government for two months after prime minister nuri al maliki met with president bush in november .
the incident occurred during the afternoon in a commercial zone of the city as the panamanian helicopter was carrying several panamanian police officials and six members of a group from chile .
a suicide car bomber detonated outside the homes of former iraqi prime minister ayad allawi and sunni politician saleh mutlaq in western baghdad , killing at least two police officers , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
an ohio man who argued with his grown son over the guy s messy bedroom says he over reacted when he called .
this has pushed people to the edge , said hakan tongkul , with the united nation s world food programme , who spoke to cnn from yangon . all that they have has been blown away .
international tourism arrivals grew less than two percent in june , july and august , down from the average growth of . percent recorded in the first four months of the year , according to the latest data from the united nations world tourism organization unwto .
it was united s best chance in a game dominated by the home side , who had the best of possession with some silky moves but failed to find the killer pass in the final third of the pitch .
in a press release , the ministry said , north korea notified us that it would delay the talks , saying it is the beginning of the year and they have some more things they need to prepare .
conservative christian activists , drawn by the party s stands on abortion , gay marriage and other social issues , have been among the gop s most reliable foot soldiers .
today marks years in detention for the nobel peace prize winner , and the protests are being staged outside chinese embassies .
widespread ridicule from scholars , it drew more than million viewers when it aired on the discovery channel on march .
ten u . s . troops died in iraq on monday , including eight killed in a deadly chain of events that began when a u . s . helicopter was shot down , according to a u . s . military official .
the phoenix lander s first taste test of soil near mars north pole reveals a briny environment similar to what can be found in backyards on earth , scientists said thursday .
the accident occurred amid growing criticism of the ecological impact of the billion three gorges dam , the world s largest hydropower project .
unfortunately some of these dogs turn up at the re homing center in the new year as unwanted gifts .
president roh moo hyun yesterday tried to relieve pressure on the government to produce breakthroughs in his summit with north korean leader kim jong il later this month .
the sharp drop in chinook , or king , salmon returning from the pacific ocean to spawn in the sacramento river and its tributaries last fall is part of broader decline in wild salmon runs in rivers across the west .
he said the city paid for every animal recovered and another for each trip to a shelter in the san juan suburb of carolina .
we want them to know how to use the gun properly , how to properly defend themselves .
a separate roadside bombing , in a shiite neighborhood on the eastern side of the city , left three people wounded , the official said .
speaking after the meeting in the green zone , crocker said he had spelt out washington s concerns about alleged iranian support for insurgents who have been attacking iraqi and us led forces .
shrimp farms have increased employment opportunities at the expense of mangrove forests and other natural vegetation .
mccormack said the state department notified congress on march that it was ready to transfer the money , and then waited the mandatory days .
the meeting had appeared to offer hope to the hostages as negotiations have made little progress since their capture on july .
after patil visited the girl in her village from narayana health city hospital in bangalore , the hospital s foundation agreed to fund the , operation .
the last time the couple was seen together in public was in september , when madonna took a break from touring to celebrate her husband s birthday at a london pub .
last week hamidzada told the associated press that karzai takes extreme care in execution cases .
their debut on u . s . television in launched their global rise to stardom and made the smurfs a household name .
first , there s tristran charlie cox , an intrepid young hero from the wrong side of the tracks or so he thinks , embarking on a romantic quest to bring back a fallen star as a token of his love for beautiful , aloof victoria sienna miller .
in the hands of an expert , it s even reversible .
france wants a united iraq . it s in no one s interest to see iraq dismantled , the french president said .
it wouldn t be a shrek movie without all those goofy bit players , including the three little pigs , pinocchio and the gingerbread man .
ousted chief justice iftikhar chaudhry was due to address the rally in the capital islamabad , but was not present at the time of the attack .
up to mach . , much faster than the speed of sound and twice as fast as the quickest business jets today , according to executives of aerion corp . , the u . s . company pushing the plane .
the endorsement will likely help mccain rally disenchanted conservatives behind his candidacy , and with bush helping him raise much needed campaign cash , it will give him a significant boost headed into the campaign for the november election .
cod liver oil , salmon , mackerel and tuna .
captain and goalkeeper edwin van der sar will join the squad late in its preparations as manchester united play in the champions league final against chelsea in moscow on may .
anyone who looks at it can see that the script was written by the same hand , jacobovici said .
it s been a very exciting summer of politics in hong kong . it s very much a part of our news .
yesterday s incident is open terrorism , information minister mohammed ali durrani said .
riesch has a lead of points over vonn in the slalom after five of nine events with zahrobska tghird on .
the violence ratcheted up tensions between yazids and muslims in bashiqa , the victim s hometown , a largely yazidi city in nineveh province .
the company shipped products to more than countries , with more than . million units sent on its peak day .
bush said the money will cover basic operating expenses , plus additional armored vehicles and countermeasures designed to protect u . s . troops from roadside bombs .
and with thailand , malaysia and singapore rattling along with economic growth rates of over a year , the days when south east asia could simply be dismissed as japan s backyard are over .
pino said he had seen rays leap into the air , but added , it s very rare for them to collide with objects .
most of pichushkin s victims were killed in bittsa park , and the serial killer became known as the bittsa maniac .
authorities confirmed tuesday that captive animals in two of china s major panda reserves were alive , according to xinhua , china s official news agency .
but his appeal , heard in mid june , was rejected shortly afterwards . zheng , who headed the administration from to , was found guilty of accepting bribes from firms to register their products without making them undergo the necessary checks .
caroline kennedy says she s best for the job
according to police , the funeral was for auday mohammed hassan , also an awakening council member whom gunmen had killed inside his baquba house hours earlier .
on disney magic , teenagers hang out at the stack , a teen only lounge area with a dance floor , internet cafe , big screen plasma tv and video games .
bulgaria is relying on alternative sources for its heating plants in the meantime , stanishev said .
the garuda airlines boeing appeared to overshoot the runway before flames shot out , and witnesses reported hearing an explosion , according to media reports .
while the u . s . stock market has stagnated , many asian markets have roared ahead stock analysts say that one reason all of asia s markets are ahead of the u . s . so far this year is that asia had a long way to come back .
in one case , two rabbits were decapitated while three others were taken from the same pen in a person s yard .
destruction at school students at enterprise high school huddled in the auditorium , near the center of campus , after tornado sirens sounded thursday , according to an enterprise police department official .
former vice president al gore , the star of the global warming documentary an inconvenient truth , saw the film pick up an oscar .
on saturday , south african president thabo mbeki told a news conference in pretoria , south africa , that selebi had been given an extended leave of absence from his police duties , but that he was not being sacked .
about south korean military medics and engineers have been operating in the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah for a year .
his face and neck were covered in scratches .
al qaeda leader osama bin laden is about to appear in a new video , according to a banner ad posted by al qaeda s media production company , as sahab .
he s taking a medical leave until june .
because the polaroid corp . announced it would stop making instant film .
in the course of a five month inquiry , the ap discovered that drugs have been detected in the drinking water supplies of major metropolitan areas from southern california to northern new jersey , from detroit , michigan , to louisville , kentucky .
drivers of gas sipping hybrid vehicles are increasingly interested in converting their vehicles from gasoline powered to electric , according to garage owner and lead technician carolyn coquillette .
asked what kind of progress the us is hoping for , gates said he does not know what s possible .
in london , brent crude fell cents to us . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
authorities are investigating the deaths of two americans whose bodies were found at one of hong kong s most luxurious hotels , police and reports said saturday .
only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment , roosevelt said in his inaugural address .
some people travel to washington , d c to attend national memorial day ceremonies at arlington cemetery near the city .
the aircraft burst into flames shortly after impact , an eyewitness said .
the results come from a telephone survey of , internet users aged to , conducted with their parents consent .
but even if you have a cell phone that s not held by hand and can be dialed by voice , you still have a really big conflict because when you re driving you need to be looking at various different places , you need to be reading signs , you need to be talking to yourself about those in order to make decisions about where to go with your car .
security camera footage shows a person approach a times square military recruiting office and ride away on a bicycle shortly before a bomb damaged the building thursday morning .
you go to rat island and there are hardly any chocolate lilies , said jeff williams , another refuge biologist .
the mosque has been at the forefront of a vigilante campaign to enforce a form of islamic sharia law in pakistan .
dean headly wichita state university
prosecutors say he used his influence to push the girl into a ceremonial marriage with a year old cousin in and force her to have sex .
pollution levels have risen and air quality has deteriorated , the report found .
the consumer expectation index , which measures the views of consumers on economic conditions over the next six months , recorded . last month , barely above but down . points from march , the national statistical office said .
animal lovers howled in protest when lyndon b . johnson picked up his beagles , him and her , by the ears to provide photographers a better view . on the other hand , richard nixon
pentagon spokesman bryan whitman said monday he is not aware of any reports that show u . s . weapons designated for iraqi security forces have been found in the hands of insurgents .
in an interview conducted prior to the attack , erdogan told the uk s times newspaper that turkey would do whatever is necessary to defend itself .
though some of the biggest makers of cluster bombs , including the united states , russia , china and israel , were not involved in the talks and have not signed the accord , organizers predicted that those nations would nevertheless be pressured into compliance .
important information about woman soldier , he replied in broken english .
one police officer was lightly injured and eight cars and two scooters were torched , according to the paris police headquarters .
we hope that with this package which we are working on that we will make indirect negotiation between the israelis and the people who are abducting gilad shalit to release him , to make a new atmosphere for continuing the negotiation for a two state solution , he said .
as president , he ll be handed the keys to one .
tilley said she posed for eight hours a day , two or three days a week .
it s the place that has shaped our vision of what the future will look like .
the zaytun division has supported the town s kurdish residents with medical , educational and construction programs since its arrival in .
u . s . intelligence officials say al qaeda has established a safe haven in waziristan , just over the border into pakistan and that osama bin laden is believed to be in the area .
although worker bees in colony collapse disorder vanish , bees infected with iapv die close to the hive , after developing shivering wings and paralysis .
ok , ron , tell us more
ali iman sharmarke , the general director of somali media house horn afrik , was riding in a car that was part of a larger convoy when a roadside bomb exploded , killing him and wounding two passengers .
wu and her delegation were scheduled to meet privately this week with major congressional leaders .
the case garnered international headlines .
nearly people have been arrested since friday , and charges laid .
unicef executive director ann veneman said the sharp inequities in the cost and access to health care often speak to larger societal ills .
check out the wavy glass windows and original flooring from washington , d . c . s historic , willard hotel .
the government has promised to pay for new homes and farmland for relocated residents .
the floods displaced . million people , according to the news agency .
improve your kiss
meanwhile his brother , maulana abdul aziz , said there are only about inside .
perast s main attraction is our lady of the rock , a jewel box of a church built on an island .
the result , according to obama ? gaps in wealth in this country grow wider , while the costs to working people are greater .
a south korean presidential spokesman said there was no agreement to pay the captors , nor was there any mention of releasing taliban prisoners a major demand of the kidnappers .
british prime minister gordon brown welcomed news of gibbons pardon . common sense has prevailed , brown said .
if your driving is mostly on city streets or maybe city freeways , the car is going to be fine . but this is not a car that you want to do long distances in on the highway .
behavior , girotti denounced certain violations of the fundamental rights of human nature through experiments , genetic manipulations .
the financial crisis and flumping economy caused consumers to cut back sharply on their spending .
on the today show , melnick said there were no indications the boy had been in trouble before .
the united nations estimates that , people have been slaughtered in the ongoing violence in the north african country .
the united nations special envoy to burma , ibrahim gambari , has said the situation there has changed for the better in the past few weeks .
in a separate incident in bavaria , a wind gust pushed a tour bus off the road , sending the vehicle into a ditch . it rolled over , injuring five people , one of whom was hospitalized , goergmaier said .
if you ve never heard of these people , don t worry .
dinner for two below their main restaurant , bacchanalia .
philadelphia s wing bowl goes to super squibb !
helms equates her experiment to eavesdropping on a conversation between two tissues , as the transplanted cells altered the bird s natural development .
everyone expects a certain level of anonymity as they move about their daily lives , said kevin bankston , a staff attorney for the electronic frontier foundation , a group devoted to protecting people s rights on the internet . there is a certain ick factor here .
but ahmed ali , deputy director of gaza s petroleum authority , told the associated press that fuel shipments on sunday were more than percent below normal .
as the disease progresses , the essence of a person
as police vowed to take stern action against protestors in the wake of last year s violent anti fta rallies physical confrontation and social unrest were feared .
but its past concealment of sensitive enrichment research from the international atomic energy agency and continued stonewalling of iaea inquiries have sapped confidence in its intentions .
but news of mirren s win was inescapable monday , dominating newspaper front pages and television newscasts .
tag is not only wifi enabled , and thus a stand alone companion , it recognizes voice commands in five languages and can read you weather forecasts , rss feeds , sms and much more , straight from the internet , in different tongues .
powerful typhoon wipha has hit china s densely populated eastern coast , south of the country s financial hub , shanghai , state media say .
overall , in the week after spring forward , there was a percent increase in heart attacks , with a percent bump on monday and wednesday and a percent increase on tuesday .
fidel castro , who led the island s communist revolution , has not been seen in public since intestinal surgery in july .
the talks ended with an agreement to begin a freight train service through the heavily fortified inter korean border on dec .
when i saw the snake wrapped around my grandson s neck i thought it was going to kill him , joaquim pereira told brazil s agencia estado news service .
but without the neolithic revolution , none of the above would have taken place .
but frank haas , assistant dean of the school of travel industry management at the university of hawaii at manoa , said the chinese face many obstacles in traveling to hawaii .
the experts said the studies involved different doses of each antioxidant . a total of , people were involved .
the state run china daily newspaper attributed the rioters anger to officials alleged attempt to cover up a murder case .
he formerly preached at the finsbury park mosque in london .
hanaro s rich subscriber base would help lg take on market leader kt corp .
here , honey , or over there ?
the van is being forensically examined , and we are appealing for witnesses , said caroline foran , a spokeswoman for merseyside police .
the dead were from the royal air force and british army , browne said .
shortages of zimbabwe bank notes created the premium on bank transfers , said the illegal dealer .
the procession winds up graceland s long , sloping driveway , past presley s grave in a small garden beside the house .
a government panel promoting overseas investment decided friday to set the size of cash grants at between and percent of the money spent by foreign investors building factories or research and development facilities .
foreigners in the know are flocking to the hillside shantytowns , where the city s top carnival groups hold weekly rehearsals to polish this year s theme songs and to the sambadrome stadium where free technical rehearsals offer a taste of the samba
among the wounded , he said , was a brazilian citizen of pakistani descent .
amaral , who often discussed the mccann case with the news media , is also under investigation for allegedly beating a woman in custody who was later found guilty of murdering her own child in .
since many ethiopians live at a subsistence farming level , the donkey is a critical part of their life and their main mode of transporting crops to market .
germany , austria , switzerland and liechtenstein .
similar action is iffy in the house .
but in the end , retirement is just too damned much fun .
hackers briefly overwhelmed at least three of the computers that help manage global computer traffic tuesday in one of the most significant attacks against the internet since .
the statement said the cabinet , at a meeting chaired by premier wen jiabao , had decided to adopt active fiscal policy and moderately easy monetary policies .
house speaker nancy pelosi , senate majority leader harry reid , will be getting the details on monday .
modern day encryption began in the mid s when two computer scientists at stanford university split the cryptographic key .
brown , who spent about six hours in iraq , has ruled out an immediate pullout of british troops . he refused again on monday to be drawn into media speculation that he may speed up the withdrawal to assuage public anger .
walter hill won the guild s directing honor for tv movies for the western broken trail .
the pope had no intention to offend or attack transgendered people , father federico lombari said tuesday . what the pope meant to say was that in god s eyes , a person is born either man or woman . and to deny this fundamental concept , central to catholic teaching , is to create confusion .
these days , some people are just in need of money . henriksen was paid , for inches of her tresses .
i am quitting politics , i am not going back to politics . i will not take any political position except when they want any ideas , the ap reported him as saying .
a huge multi colored hot air balloon floating in the baghdad sky , bearing a large poster of jesus christ .
obama on the daily show with jon stewart says he s having no second thoughts
preliminary reports indicate the helicopter was shot down by a rocket propelled grenade , officials said .
in russia , trading in shares was suspended after the rts stock index fell more than percent .
i call on all those who . . . believe it is possible to reform france without brutalising it , who want a triumph of human values over the stockmarket , who want an end to the painful rise of insecurity and precariousness , to come together , she told a rally in central western france .
the year old canadian country superstar and year old lange married in and have a year old son named eja .
from a professional point of view it s something i ve been thinking about for some time .
obviously , like the rest of the people of illinois , i am saddened and sobered by the news that came out of the u . s . attorney s office today , he said . but as this is an ongoing investigation involving the governor , i don t think it would be appropriate for me to comment on the issue at this time .
assistant secretary david welch , the state department s top envoy for the middle east , discussed the idea with blair in london last week .
tehran , iran cnn the heaviest snowfall in more than a decade has left at least people dead in iran some buried under avalanches , some frozen to death and others killed in traffic accidents , state media reported monday .
izakaya offer sake and beer and usually have an open counter where chefs rustle up a selection of dishes that will include sashimi , noodles and yakitori .
the request will be made informally , rather than on the official agenda , the official said .
we will not stop the yongbyon nuclear facility until the united states fully releases our funds frozen in the bda .
the monastery , which also gave aids treatment , was raided during the junta s crackdown on pro democracy activists in september for involvement in monk led protests .
in june , she plans to move west , possibly to take up creative writing or holistic healing .
both women thanked chavez in telephone conversations videotaped by the rescuers . you re helping us , president , return to life .
travel spending hit billion yuan . billion during that year s october break , according to government figures .
the un deaths came as israel vowed to control an area in southern lebanon until international forces deployed .
i m saying when the president does it , that means it s not illegal , nixon said during the interview , cementing his ignominy .
black could also pay up to million in fines .
lawson hid the young rhesus macaque monkey under a loose fitting blouse on a flight from bangkok , thailand , to los angeles , california , international airport , pretending she was pregnant , the u . s . attorneys office for the eastern district of washington said .
karzai and musharraf met with bush at the white house in september , sparking speculation over their chilly relationship after the two shook hands with bush , but not with each other , at a public reception . watch karzai discuss the problems that his nation faces raquo
about , american troops , the uss nimitz aircraft carrier and an undisclosed number of south korean soldiers were taking part , according to the u . s . and south korean militaries .
obama outspent clinton on ad buys in pennsylvania by slightly more than to , and tracey says obama is outspending his rival for the democratic presidential nomination by about the same ratio in indiana and north carolina , which hold primaries may .
he was knighted in .
five people were wounded in the sunday afternoon attack at the church in neosho , about miles northeast of tulsa , oklahoma .
thatcher , , was admitted to st . thomas s hospital near parliament for tests friday night , the former pm s spokeswoman gillian penrose said .
during a visit to sderot , israeli defense minister ehud barak warned there would be tough retaliation for the rocket attack , ap reported .
philippine divers found bodies but so far no survivors inside the hull of a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , a philippine coast guard official said tuesday .
it is time for this investigation to be concluded , he said .
sarkozy denied wednesday the release was secured by an arms agreement , answering a question from journalists as to what deal had been offered by france by saying none .
presidential election as he was lacking in ability and other requirements needed to pursue the job .
our air traffic control and just the general volume at the airports we ll be right back where we were in and and we ll be in the same bad circumstance that we were unless we fix something .
someone is either too cheap to buy his own toilet paper or planning a big prank .
street demonstrations began wednesday with the burning of an office of thisday newspaper in kaduna after it published an article questioning muslim groups that have condemned the miss world pageant , to be held dec . in the nigerian capital , abuja .
the other group , writing programs that show the beginnings of artificial intelligence , explores the mysteries of human thought .
this may sound like one of those late night ads on tv , but in these tough economic times , you really may be able to get some extra cash from the irs
he told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non prescription controlled substances hours before taking custody of the children .
the european union executive said in a statement that eu external relations commissioner benita ferrero waldner and president nicolas sarkozy s wife cecilia went to the north african state on sunday as part of efforts for the release of the five bulgarian nurses and the palestinian doctor .
he said most of those arrested in the riots were already known delinquents .
if there s a good , healthy atmosphere at home within the family , if the husband and wife both love each other and their child , they will be in good spirits and that will extend to the workplace .
volunteers who did not drink every day but had more than one tipple a week had a lower risk .
there is no evidence that beijing athletes were using either substance , moreau said .
iraqi army and mosul police sources earlier put the number at , but said it was likely to rise .
howard has fared badly against the worm in previous debates , and has argued that its presence trivialises politics and distracts from the issues being debated .
they will focus on the north korean nuclear issue , while trying to find ways to bring the north back to the six party denuclearization talks rather than discussing further punitive measures against the stalinist state , the officials said .
the problem , we are told , is we are catching too many of them , and we have a finite time period available to us to fix the problem before it is too late .
army spokesman lt . col . ernesto torres said officials at the site confirmed that the body was campbell s , according to the ap .
such hospitalizations are common among failed political or business leaders in the country .
shortly after the attack , a wedding convoy tripped a landmine in daglica , turkey , near the ambush site , a turkish government source said .
we know what we need is someone ready on day one to solve our problems and seize those opportunities , clinton said tuesday . because when the bright lights are off and the cameras are gone , who can you count on to listen to you , to stand up for you , to deliver solutions for you ?
the crew deployed over two dozen bottles of rotten butter , sending a stench throughout the whale killing ship that will remain for days , a statement from the group said .
phoenix also detected the presence of magnesium , sodium , potassium and chloride in the mixture .
the arrests were made in melilla , a spanish enclave of about , people on morocco s mediterranean coast , with spanish civil guards acting on international arrests warrants issued by morocco , the ministry said in a written statement .
scott hill , a spokesman for montgomery regional hospital in blacksburg , where wounded students were taken , said he wasn t expecting any more victims .
police estimated the crowd at between , people .
you shouldn t leave tokyo without indulging in kaiseki
the south korean government has issued guidelines to its aid organizations telling them to leave afghanistan by the end of the month for safety reasons , a south korean embassy official said on condition of anonymity due to policy . last month , the government banned its citizens from traveling to afghanistan .
prosecutors refused to comment until court proceedings were completed .
in , it was added to a united nations list of terrorist organizations linked to al qaeda or the taliban .
mammoths are extinct , of course .
korea regained sovereignty from japan on that date in .
as one of korea s progressive newspapers along with the hankyoreh and online media site oh my news , kyunghyang sinmun has kept close relationship with roh since his time as a presidential candidate in .
the tibetan leader said he was deeply touched to receive such a great honor .
in shandong province at a . m . , the report said . xinhua said the collision was the deadliest train accident in the country since .
the trial began soon after estrada was ousted from power in , amid violent street protests .
russia on tuesday test launched a new intercontinental ballistic missile , apparently developed secretly , that a top government official said could penetrate any defense system , russian news agencies reported .
it was overtaken by th ranked china and th ranked india , which ranked st and th , respectively , last year .
the political can t get more personal than that .
the rest are picked by special interest groups , such as businesses and labor unions .
engineers can build models from the images and perform tests to determine whether the peeled back blanket would be problematic when atlantis returns to earth .
last month , however , the company recalled , vaio notebooks worldwide because of a wiring flaw that can cause overheating .
what would those contracts have been if the taxpayers wouldn t have bailed them out ?
baghdad , iraq cnn a terror group with links to al qaeda in iraq claimed responsibility sunday for the weekend attack that sparked a manhunt for three missing u . s . soldiers , according to a statement on the internet .
sorenstam finished with a under for third place , three strokes ahead of rookie lorena ochoa , who shot a final round .
the call follows comments from house speaker nancy pelosi , who earlier said bush should boycott the august opening ceremony .
mbeki , who is facing a leadership challenge from jacob zuma , the anc s charismatic deputy president , made a nearly three hour speech to delegates in which he acknowledged the splits in the party .
the study was funded by the us centers for disease control and prevention .
elephant offered a very different take on school violence than michael moore gave in bowling for columbine , a hit at cannes last year .
che film gets thumbs up in cuba
but a chinese study earlier this year said the kingdom was an integral part of china s history , raising concerns in south korea about whether that view could bring wrangling over borders in the region .
we would like to make a plea to the fans to behave correctly , pradera said . no type of offensive behavior can be tolerated .
but hatoyama used the dubious story of the al qaeda member to argue that the threat of terrorism justified the new measures .
heating oil futures rose . cents to . a gallon on the nymex , while natural gas futures gained . cents to . per , cubic feet .
the protesters are concerned that the ruling party s candidate for the post remains loyal to his islamic roots .
last year as if you d forgotten , dramatic serials were all the rage .
this sale said a lot about the jewelry market internationally , especially the diamond market .
dutch coach marco van basten has named real madrid forwards ruud van nistelrooy and arjen robben in his preliminary man squad for euro . van nistelrooy underwent surgery on his right ankle in march and only returned to full training late last month .
that would last about a day , he said .
sen . obama will discuss what patriotism means to him and what it requires of all americans who love this country and want to see it do better , obama spokesman bill burton wrote in a morning e mail to reporters .
since the start of november , japan s benchmark nikkei index had dropped more than percent through monday to its lowest since july .
an official from the meteorology department in jakarta said there were five aftershocks in the first hour .
one by one , american companies are giving up their leadership .
this seems to be the second leg of the global fall in equities and there is very little impetus to jump in and buy , one trader told reuters . it s time to fasten seat belts .
they were sharper and quicker to the ball and pressed really well and they were good winners . we needed a goal to get back into it and in fairness we didn t look like we were going to score .
u . s . defense secretary robert gates
her left hand is positioned against her chest , in a traditional sign of royalty in ancient egypt .
you know , even in the post election interviews , dave , that she s done , nobody s really asked her , why didn t you answer that question ?
the anchorwoman said the photo was taken at a game between two army teams .
considered by ancient egyptians to be the skin of the gods , gold was highly prized and used extensively in royal burial to assure pharaohs divinity in the afterlife .
ulcer pills for warts ?
true russian orthodox church , say they will ignite gasoline canisters if authorities try to force them out , guseynov told cnn .
i had a sense that the ship wouldn t be able to return if we had solid inspections in place , niigata mayor akira shinoda told public broadcaster nhk .
federer , who sailed through the wimbledon warm up tournament without dropping his serve , extended his record unbeaten run on grass to matches to equal pete sampras record of titles on the surface .
but google s net income rose percent to . billion , or . per share .
while nigersaurus mouth is shaped like the wide intake slot of a vacuum ,
we suspect there still may be people trapped under the wagons . we need heavy machinery , though , to lift these wagons , essone said .
the couple , who earn just a day as casual laborers , wanted her to have the operation but were unable to pay for the rare procedure , which has never before been performed in india .
pat yourself on the back if you re doing well , he said .
he described seeing three plutonium devices and that the weapons appeared to be complete .
last month , acclaimed singer amy winehouse was questioned by police after a video emerged which appeared to show her smoking crack .
animal rights activists say they frequently find mute dogs that apparently have been dumped by illegal breeders , who are having trouble selling animals in taiwan s slow economy .
indoor and outdoor tables have wait staff , but anyone standing can order directly from the windows for beer and food .
president hu jintao and rice also agreed that negotiation was the way to resolve differences over taiwan , which beijing sees as a renegade province .
attempts were made to revive her , but were unsuccessful .
south korea s yonhap news agency reported that some fell to the ground in shock when they were told that two members of their group had been killed .
the others are now housed at a shelter in san angelo about miles north of eldorado where they are being questioned about abuse , meisner said .
because of gizo s proximity to the quake s epicenter , the tsunami struck before an alarm could be sounded .
the leader of canada s separatist parti quebecois resigned tuesday after a heavy defeat in the quebec provincial election in late march , which prompted unrest among party members .
although both females were late in life , zoo officials had hoped the presence of a male rhino and the large park habitat would help breeding .
the world will become a safer place .
they said barboza was protecting a fellow fbi informant , vincent jimmy flemmi , who was involved .
blue lights with buttons on them to dispense the authorities to the area are strategically planted around campus for students to utilize in an emergency . the locations are insane .
the agency said there were reports that smugglers were spreading rumors that the borders would be closed to asylum seekers under the new arrangements , prompting the influx and leading to overcrowding at centers that house migrants in eastern poland .
the bandits had seized the ship s bridge , while the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines , the navy said .
she won the state by percentage points , but is still trailing in the national race to become the democratic candidate to run against presumptive republican candidate john mccain .
the blast in ludhiana , an industrial town in india s punjab state , is the second apparent terror attack this week in northern india .
the ministry of finance and economy said koreans will be able to invest as much as million in overseas real estate , up from the current ceiling of million .
in the th century alone tokyo suffered earthquakes , fires and devastating bombing .
i want to say to all the french who are afraid , that i want to protect them against violence , against delinquancy , against unfair competition , against outsourcing , the former interior minister said .
she is coping very well , lead surgeon dr . sharan patil said .
net income for the second quarter fell to million , or cents per diluted share , from the year earlier quarter s million , or cents per diluted share .
one day after this university of georgia professor allegedly opened fire at a community theater killing three people including his wife .
she is due to resume her show at the flamingo showroom on may .
linda rhoades bought the fudge during a bake sale in west lafayette .
but both now see their nationalized industries primarily as a burden that must be reformed , rather than as the fulcrum of an economic strategy .
the case is being tried in london by mutual agreement , al khalifa s representatives have said . it is due to wrap up by the end of the month .
that attack killed and wounded others , state run news agency algerie presse service reported .
the accord followed the government s last minute concession to accept the union s proposal to put off implementing some key issues of the bill for three years until dec .
with militants in the north waziristan tribal region .
chavez , who wins political influence with the opec nation s subsidized energy exports to its neighbors , denounced bush s project to promote ethanol production in developing countries as a sure fire way to increase hunger by lifting food prices .
but knut no longer a tiny cub , thanks partly to his penchant for croissants probably won t get a taste of his own birthday cake .
stephen pfann , a biblical scholar at the university of the holy land in jerusalem who was interviewed in the documentary , said the film s hypothesis holds little weight .
they have been considering summoning national police agency npa vice commissioner general choi kwang sik , currently the acting head of the police agency , for questioning over his connections with imprisoned lobbyist yoon sang rim .
abbas would then approve the candidate .
if i can add these things to my game now , it ll only make me a better player in the coming years .
on wednesday , zapeta went to immigration court and got more bad news .
a judge directing the inquest into the deaths of princess diana and her boyfriend refused on monday to include queen elizabeth ii and her husband , prince philip , as potential witnesses .
the stars are filing in on the red carpet for sunday s th annual grammy awards , and among the early arrivals have been corinne bailey rae , montgomery gentry and sergeant pepper .
that s a sharp drop from the session high of . , set just before a . m . et .
the mother said her back was turned when her daughter crawled out the open window .
men may become more sexually assertive if they feel more in control , and women may feel more desire for a mate with newfound machismo .
among the day s losers , the world s largest reinsurer , swiss re , shed . percent as markets focused on weaker than expected premium income and as one time gains helped boost quarterly profit .
engage in exciting activities
carney s faith in this simple human connection is a gentle but firm rebuke to the bombast and overkill that infects even the best of today s blockbusters .
the military eventually hopes to charge to of the guantanamo detainees none of whom have ever gone to trial .
the american heart association has recently changed its dietary guidelines to recommend that adults eat at least two servings of fish each week .
but as the middle class has grown and culture has changed , interest has exploded .
presidential election results have yet to be declared , but the mdc said its leader had won the election .
the secretary is scheduled to testify on wednesday before the senate appropriations committee on the global war on terror request for the fiscal year . cnn received his prepared statement .
in a speech prepared for delivery in seoul , a senior bush administration official expressed strong skepticism that south korea s effort to engage north korea politically and economically has in fact paid any dividends .
boeing had deals with major international carriers such as germany s lufthansa ag and japan airlines corp . , but large u . s . carriers several of which filed for bankruptcy in the aftermath of september balked at investing in extra services .
four people are dead in the crash of a medevac helicopter in prince george s county , maryland , which is just outside washington , d . c .
his condition improved after doctors administered medicine for eight hours , the statement said . he was kept in the hospital for monitoring .
the meeting comes after myanmar s chief military leader , senior gen . than shwe , said on state television thursday he would meet with detained nobel laureate aung san suu kyi provided she give up her calls for sanctions against the country .
li told a news conference on the state of the language that the name was an extreme example of people s increasingly adventurous approach to chinese , as commercialisation and the internet break down conventions .
at the meetings next week , we hope that the leaders of both nations will discuss opening their markets or keeping them open and try to get rid of protectionist arguments in both regions , wuttke said .
the strike came a day after an attack on what an israel defense forces spokeswoman said was a hamas training facility in southern gaza .
the group is similar to the sicilian mafia but based in italy s southern calabria region and believed to be involved in drug and arms trafficking and extortion .
harriet wistrich , the family s solicitor , said the police had been an unstoppable force when they pursued him , and the defense had descended to the gutter to blacken his name .
but it is unlikely to set off a mass exodus to the united states by north koreans currently in china , experts in seoul said on sunday .
splurge on a nice hotel or a fancy dinner .
analysts said they were shocked by the severity of the company s exposure , even as they welcomed its openness about the potential million swiss franc loss .
a bomb exploded meters yards away from the rally stage before the event started .
he s meeting with a family struggling to afford the cost of college .
jimenez s mother , maria duran , said that the pentagon hadn t contacted her family .
philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo ordered the evacuation of thousands of people in the eastern philippines ahead of a powerful tropical storm , officials said wednesday .
physical and chemical treatment
the nation s industrial output growth slowed and private consumption dropped in july , stoking concerns that the economy is losing growth momentum fast .
three french journalists are among those charged .
daimlerchrysler ag , meanwhile , said its mercedes car group saw sales increase percent in august compared to last year , reaching a record , mercedes benz , maybach and smart brands sold .
korea and the u . s . are engaged in a heated debate over pending issues including agriculture , telecommunications and intellectual property rights .
amnesty said in a report last year that iran s penal code allows execution by stoning as the penalty for adultery .
if you are doing yoga in a gym , it s a little faster paced .
he also acknowledged that he s uncomfortable being a celebrity .
the princely role offers a few advantages over being monarch .
trillion budget is designed to change the nation s economic course
e commerce may have come of age , but it s a long way from adulthood .
dr . frances smith , who treated davis at an emergency room , testified that he suffered facial fractures .
after a long session , the house of representatives voted to dismiss the opposition s complaint against her .
the soldiers are handing the palace over to iraqi control and joining the remaining , troops at the last british base near basra airport .
music from mamma mia yess , i ve been brokenhearted
we are indefinitely suspending the ship s entry due to the abnormal and harsh environment around the niigata port , he said .
with just a mouse click on the computer , researchers can gauge how much land would be lost at various sea levels , and where .
the bbc s highest paid star has been suspended for weeks without pay and a senior executive has resigned over a series of abusive telephone calls made by two of its stars , the broadcaster said thursday .
frankly , it s time for the establishment of a palestinian state and it s time for israel to live in the security that is going to come with a peaceful and democratic neighbor , rice said .
a preliminary investigation showed the violence caused losses exceeding . million yuan , or about million , as of tuesday night , xinhua said , citing the regional department of commerce .
muscle is made up of a combination of different types of fibers .
another e mail contained a link to a site for a nutritional drink .
we will first gather snu professors opposing the canal project and invite professors from other universities as well .
lawyers for laisenia qarase told the high court in the capital , suva , that the coup was illegal and all government actions since then have been invalid .
i don t want him out of the jail until the percent is paid .
in wednesday s commentary , bush called on myanmar s military leaders to release suu kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy .
we must build on our hard won military gains and go further to help the people of afghanistan to provide their own security , governance and economic development , said browne .
according to the group , the claims in its page report are based on more than interviews with eyewitnesses in myanmar and thailand .
at a news conference six hours after touchdown , she still looked pale and shaky , but was able to walk unassisted .
residents in mogadishu accuse the ethiopian forces of targeting civilians in revenge for the killings of its troops .
qari mohammad yousuf , a taliban spokesman , on sunday warned against use of force and pressed for the freedom of the rebel prisoners as the main condition for the release of the koreans .
the republican national committee has focused its full firepower on obama for months , and this week , its democratic counterpart took on mccain after his team accused obama of campaign trail gaffes and distortions .
the military said the number of rocket attacks has more than doubled since hamas seized control of gaza in june .
though lee has vowed to broadly continue seoul s policy of detente with the north , he says he will maintain a more critical eye .
bought a used couch , and , yeah , chuckling there was a cat living in it !
about fire trucks and more than firefighters responded to the fire , extinguishing it in minutes .
in her first major victory on the ladies professional golf association tour since she joined in , korea s grace park has won the kraft nabisco championship .
while no funeral plans have been announced , the family said it would hold a private memorial service .
but she noted that effecting a two state solution would require strength to make painful compromises .
that fire has burned nearly , acres in orange , riverside , san bernardino , and los angeles counties .
us envoy ryan crocker said his iranian counterpart had rejected the charges at the four hour talks in baghdad , which focused exclusively on iraq s security .
van sant , best known for good will hunting , loosely based some aspects of his film on the massacre at columbine high school in suburban denver .
they said , however , they were handling the investigation themselves and police are not involved .
fans cheered as the pop star appeared with the child , but jackson quickly retreated into his hotel room without making any statement .
planners scrapped the glitzy red carpet arrival festivities .
the award will be presented next sunday and the year old ronaldo , who has scored goals in helping united to the top of the premiership and semifinals of the champions league , as well as the fa cup final at wembley , is many people s idea of the winner .
fitton pointed to what president reagan did when facing a similar situation .
now hollywood is paying attention .
defense minister yoon kwang ung yesterday ruled out a possibility that south korean troops in the northern iraqi city of irbil would be engaged in combat or public security missions during a crucial iraqi national election in january .
petrochina said it will use the money raised to buy petroleum and gas resources abroad , fund exploration and development , and build refineries and pipelines .
afghan president hamid karzai says civilians , not militants , were killed in a raid yesterday by us troops .
to help battle traffic congestion , which the government predicts will rise by percent over the next eight years , local planners will have more freedom and flexibility to design public transportation networks which suit their individual needs .
high demand sectors for waste water technologies include agri business and food processing , textiles and tanneries , electroplating and distilleries .
yet he also won t criticize president bush
, by cash transfer and the other relating to obtaining pound , by cash transfer .
he has been informed of the charges that he has given the british embassy information contrary to the security of the country , irna quoted intelligence minister gholam hossein mohseni ejehi as saying .
the california supreme court issued the ruling in a consolidated case involving several gay and lesbian couples , along with the city of san francisco and gay rights groups .
the european union has been patrolling waters along the african coast to try to stem illegal immigration .
f and f jets armed with missiles and bombs took off from the uss theodore roosevelt in the eastern mediterranean their targets were unknown .
a senior congressional aide says the white house and treasury department are in talks with senator bob corker , a republican who s been demanding big union concessions in exchange for any government money .
the protesters , who are demanding the resignation of the prime minister , have clashed with some of the police who have surrounded the airport .
according to the newspaper , diskin told the meeting that the militants were planning to intercept olmert s convoy as it approached the entrance to jericho .
yeah , you got to look at it this way , you know this year , maybe there will be what , million macs sold and million pcs , or something like that .
we don t know whom to trust in kandahar .
could tidbit have defied nature , resulting in the first known shark hybrid ?
islamabad , pakistan cnn security around pakistani airports was tightened sunday , a day before the expected return from exile of former prime minister nawaz sharif , police sources said .
canary wharf film festival director olivia bellas says she was motivated to start the festival as she wanted to show the creative side of canary wharf , an area that is famed for being london s banking hub .
richardson , one of the best known hispanics in the democratic party , served as the energy secretary in the clinton administration as well as being the ambassador to the united nations .
reich , who served under the clinton administration in its first term , suggested there is a small chance the united states is heading toward a depression .
underground water ice could be a key to understanding how mars developed and could inform future exploratory missions .
greenspan says that the outlook for the world economy over the next few years is highly uncertain .
the korea herald reports the seoul appellate court gave him a three year jail term but suspended the sentence for five years , saying his north korean visits and activities there did not pose a serious threat to south korea s democratic order .
at the center of each cup is a wheel riders can turn to control how fast it spins .
she said on tuesday that silver candlesticks , an oil painting , medals belonging to the owner s family and two violins including the stradivarius
he began his career as a radio vocalist , then began to appear on tv . in , westinghouse broadcasting began the merv griffin show on syndicated television .
one example is the flight of u . s . manufacturing operations abroad .
a police complaint said the suspects stole the victim s wallet , money clip with to , and his cell phone and briefcase .
zimbabwe s main opposition leader has rejected calls by president robert mugabe s zanu pf party to re check the presidential election results .
he had proposed the changes last year to replace the discredited commission , which has in recent years included countries accused of gross human rights violations such as sudan , china , cuba and zimbabwe .
north korea may want to avoid all talks and contact with south korea until the inauguration of the new president , said a unification ministry official who declined to be named .
air berlin did not announce an engine supplier for its s .
the son of an arab monarch is taking the king of pop to court over an album and an autobiography michael jackson was allegedly paid for but never produced .
the year old fan was shot in what police called a tragic error as they tried to stop violence between rival fans at a motorway stop in tuscany .
stock prices have been down as investors take profits from the pre election rally that saw the dow close up more than points yesterday .
president harry s . truman s attempt to contain the spread of communism without sparking a wider war with china or the soviet union cost , american lives in combat , with more than , missing .
in , a japanese business bought locke company , saving it from a shutdown .
the wto is already investigating three trade disputes between china and the united states .
this is for the first time in years in jaipur that somebody in such a situation has been issued travel documents by indian authorities .
roadside bombs , attacks on government installations , assassination attempts and gunbattles have become common , and civilians are caught in the crossfire .
large portion of the measures is thought to be going toward infrastructure projects , including road and bridge repairs , combined with new programs , such as research and development on energy efficiency .
it has added points .
the seoul bourse closed sharply higher wednesday in line with global stock rallies on the back of the u . s .
the company is to supply a platform and key technologies to help the nation develop six sets of prototype choppers by , according to park song kuk , head of the ministry s task force supervising the project dubbed the korean helicopter program .
many aboriginal children were handed to white families from to . they were brought up by white people in an attempt by the racist government to assimilate the white and aboriginal populations .
however , some children in the united states also engage in commercial sex while living at home .
primary caretaker when the couple lived in atlanta .
bill ayres has played no role in barack obama s campaign .
the advance of freedom is the great story of our time , and new chapters are being written every day , he added .
the video sent the organizations back into court tuesday , demanding immediate reform .
but he stood by his choice , which he said helped further deepen australia s alliance with the united states .
we are feeding , people on a permanent basis , u . n . relief and works agency spokesman chris gunness said .
chen had accused officials in shandong province of breaking family planning laws in their enforcement of the one child policy .
on the military , wen said the government would speed up the transformation of china s . million armed forces into a high tech fighting force .
the review , published by the cochrane collaboration , involved trials on beta carotene , vitamin a , vitamin c , vitamin e , and selenium .
some experts estimate that to percent of the online community have serious internet addictions .
i want on behalf of our country to say to those who were wounded , and certainly to the families of those who were killed , that our condolences are with them , she added .
we went to the jefferson memorial in washington , d . c . and asked visitors if they agree america knows best and the united states has an obligation to spread its values around the world .
france was a founding member of the alliance in but it left the military structure in amid frictions with the united states .
tmz . com reported saturday afternoon that hilton had not eaten or slept since returning to jail and was being given psychotropic medication .
ethiopia is one of the world s poorest countries , and more than half of the population live on less than a day .
democrats have tried to wind down the war since taking control of congress in january , and their leaders continue to make clear their patience has run thin .
the other half , it said , could have a net direct cost of up to per ton of carbon .
in a report , a house of commons committee said other countries with poor human rights records got much more aid from britain compared with burma .
.
the movie , which stone hopes to film in colombia , is based loosely on a book by escobar s brother , roberto .
from washington , daniel ryntjes reports .
we are going to increase production now , in the second quarter , in north america , by to support the strength of our products in the marketplace .
candidates are required to submit documents on their assets , military service records , tax payments and criminal records , if any .
under the feb . agreement , the first phase of north korea s disarmament process calls on the country to shut down its main nuclear reactor and allow u . n . inspectors back into the country within days .
i was up against the side holding this desk up against there and i just heard his clip drop to the ground and he reloaded , and i thought he was coming back for a second round , to try and get his way in there , he said . he didn t say a word , and he just turned and kept firing down the hall and didn t try to get back in .
the magnitude . earthquake killed nine people and flattened hundreds of homes in the coastal town of kashiwazaki in niigata prefecture .
the cyclone wiped out crops and flooded the area with salt water , imperiling future harvests .
the u . n . organization in charge of palestinian refugees warned the blockade would drastically affect hospitals , sewage treatment and water facilities .
a recent survey by dataquest magazine and technology consulting company idc showed sleep disorders topped health complaints among outsourcing industry workers .
cnn growing tensions between russia and the former soviet republic of georgia reached a new stage wednesday as georgian president mikhail saakashvili declared a nationwide state of emergency and expelled several russian diplomats .
the move followed a decision not to demolish more than synagogues , after rabbis argued against it .
we re excited to see this feature as well , as it fills in another gaping hole on the original handset .
illinois sen . barack obama was in second with percent , and former north carolina sen . john edwards was in third with percent .
on monday , french foreign minister bernard kouchner said all options remained open for paris concerning a possible boycott of the opening of the beijing olympics , the ap reported .
the korea times reports a small scale cabinet reshuffle is inevitable early next year as minister of commerce , industry and energy chung sye kyun is set to step down in january to return to the ruling uri party as a lawmaker .
the branches of this shoot then become covered in hundreds of tiny white flowers that ooze with nectar , attracting insects and birds .
sharapova conceded that venus was just too good for her on the day . she was averaging her first serve miles per hour , where my first serve , the fastest one was , sharapova said .
al rubaie said there is evidence that the quds force was supporting some militia group , a shia group in iraq .
it s more about public relations propaganda .
six nations check nd draft .
seoul will deliver the idea to the united states at the security consultative meeting scm next month in washington d . c . , in hopes of it being stipulated in a roadmap for the wartime control transfer , col .
the former couple has been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons , sean preston and jayden .
police said yesterday they have seized evidence indicating as many as single korean women have illegally entered the united states by representing themselves as the wives of well to do employees at some of korea s major corporations .
the city is in danger , said fire department spokeswoman janis stamoulis , explaining that the flames are encroaching on an old museum and archaeological center .
islamabad , pakistan cnn two leading figures in pakistani politics said thursday their parties will work together in the national parliament after scoring big wins in elections earlier this week .
in the us , seven of the democratic candidates for us president have fielded questions from more than , political bloggers at an annual convention in chicago .
grampian police are expected to formally detain and question the british woman once she is on land , a spokesman for the force said .
london s reputation as a generally safe city has been rocked this year by a marked increase in stabbings , with more than reported in the capital so far this year .
but iraqi president jalal talabani , a longtime kurdish leader , told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer on sunday that an independent kurdistan is not a realistic goal .
a popular myanmar actor and social activist , kyaw thu , and his wife , myint myint pe khin , were arrested wednesday , relatives said thursday .
as it stands now , hong kong residents don t have the right to vote for the territory s leader , known as the chief executive .
and a possible flaw in the metal foil for electrodes .
the expected increase in unemployment and decrease of disposable income is going to affect the donations , says moore .
the athens geodynamic institute said an aftershock measuring . on the richter scale which is no longer used by the usgs rumbled through the same region soon afterward .
he retained his pakistani citizenship , but has not been allowed to travel to pakistan or directly take part in pakistani politics .
october is the peak tourist season in the country .
it could be some time before there s anything close to a smooth ride for the economy .
we don t need to comment on that . spokesmen for the culture ministry and state administration of radio , film and television could not be reached for comment .
physicist stephen hawking and his daughter are to write a science book for children which will be a bit like harry potter , but without the magic .
if we talk about data from the federal district , we can say that we have , automobiles stolen , an increase of percent from october to september , said recaredo arias , a spokesman for the association .
the north made its demand on the first day of the th cross border ministerial talks that ended with south and north korea on opposite ends of the stick over pending defense issues .
the korea herald reports police apprehended protesters yesterday after activists and riot police clashed in pyeongtaek , kilometers south of seoul .
sierra leone received . billion in debt relief last year , but still relies on donors for a third of its budget .
im sang gyu , minister of the office for government policy coordination , was named the new agriculture minister .
one student was arrested at todd beamer high school in federal way , washington , after a parent phoned in a tip , according to debra stenberg , spokeswoman for the federal way public school system .
however , korea s average life expectancy is lower than other organization for economic cooperation and development oecd countries .
the fate of britney spears was the other red hot topic on the palm springs red carpet .
i m beginning to see light at the end of the tunnel , kofi annan , former u . n . secretary general and chief mediator in the process , said thursday .
kids dancing causes haiti school collapse , red cross says
barack obama s two daughters had another reason to high five their dad s election to the presidency tuesday night they re getting a puppy .
the princesses assume the position , that comes from the old school fairy tales that at one point were a comment on society .
officials cleared all beaches within a mile radius of the attack .
they will discuss pending alliance issues including the wartime control and the delayed relocation of u . s . military bases on the peninsula , the defense ministry said .
a spanish court wednesday delivered an unexpectedly mixed verdict in the trial of defendants charged in the madrid train bombings , convicting three of mass murder but delivering lesser convictions against the others .
a case for mulder and scully ?
dick cheney became testy last week when cnn s wolf blitzer asked him what he thought of conservatives who are critical of his daughter s pregnancy .
more than half percent of women said they believed so , versus slightly more than a third percent who did not .
when the car was buried in , hundreds of people submitted guesses on what tulsa s population , which was around , in , would be in .
espite worldwide condemnation , pro whaling countries are meeting in tokyo to plot a path towards lifting the moratorium on commercial whaling .
. . .
kim s visit comes just after vice president dick cheney traveled to beijing and urged china to do more to defuse pyongyang s nuclear threat .
although you might expect this question only belongs in a job interview , it s worth asking even after you ve been employed for a few years .
a smoking ban was first introduced in france in february this year to cover workplaces , schools , airports and hospitals .
one international study discovered that americans now lead the world in body mass .
a relative of the woman who bought the fudge found the ring when he bit into a piece of the candy .
that dark patina is the result of years of aging , according to cotte .
two in five foreign residents in korea say that they experienced inconveniences or otherwise suffered losses while shopping or using services .
we should support out industry like these other governments support theirs .
he said he feared the only copy in america would escape , and described his purchase as a gift to the american people .
forest fires are burning inside ancient olympia , birthplace of the olympics , but firefighters have kept the site safe , greek officials say .
israel to expand jewish settlement near jerusalem .
an american photographer famed for showing celebrities naked or bathing in asses milk chose a more traditional pose for britain s queen elizabeth , but annie leibovitz s new work sharply divided critics on wednesday .
we made it very clear to him that he shouldn t expect an endorsement after that meeting .
we condemn that and their demand will not affect our decision , he added .
opec ministers are considering calls to cut production to prop up prices .
she s been talking with an obama supporter in congress .
the rate of burning had slowed significantly by wednesday as officials continued what they called an unprecedented effort to battle the flames .
an earthquake shook southern iceland on thursday , reportedly causing injuries and damaging roads and buildings .
david jankowski , president and founder of destinyspace , one of the organizations behind the american and japanese shows , said space fashion is more than just a fad .
the heart of the village looked as though it had been through a tumble dryer .
he attended king s march on washington and stood near the podium as king delivered his i have a dream speech .
riot police have fired tear gas at demonstrators protesting in central paris against sarkozy s victory .
the dow is up just a few points .
it was the fourth fatality at the park in just over three years .
pruitt said the bodies were being sent to chapel hill , north carolina , for identification .
nasa s space operations chief , bill gerstenmaier , said thursday it would be inappropriate for him to discuss the matter before the report is released on friday .
the agreement between the two koreas was made after four days of talks in pyongyang , north korea s capital .
no one likes them , ahmadinejad told reporters prior to returning to iran , referring to the predominantly u . s . makeup of coalition forces in iraq .
they became a souvenir of the theatrical experience , as six time oscar nominated songwriter diane warren puts it .
lee was personally targeted in a north korean propaganda missive earlier this week that labeled him a traitor and warned that the south would face unspecified consequences for lee s pro u . s . policy .
hours earlier , a ground battle between navy sailors and rebels in kuchchaveli village near trincomalee left three insurgents dead , dassanayake said .
the united states has accused iran of supporting insurgent groups in iraq .
but the airplane isn t the only place along your travel route where germs thrive .
when the soldiers fired back , the minivan exploded , the official said .
cigarette smokers are about to see more of their money go up in smoke taxes are going up on tobacco products from cigarettes and cigars to pipes .
the smurfs , forest dwellers who live in little white capped mushroom homes , developed their own smurf language in which nouns and verbs were interchanged .
the case was resolved internally , according to the report .
when the battle aboard the dai hong dan was over , two pirates were dead and five were captured , the navy said .
the nation un human rights council will replace the current country un human rights commission .
congressional expert norm orenstein says obama has to show energy and drive
the other theory suggests they learned to fly by increasing their running speed with their wings and taking off from the ground .
mccain criticized the democrats for speaking in platitudes about iraq .
the demand came about after news that president roh moo hyun had already promised president george w . bush in summit talks in vietnam last week that south korean forces would stay in iraq for one more year with a downsized level of , .
in ohio , the poll of polls showed clinton at percent , obama at percent and percent undecided .
the satellites would electromagnetically beam gigawatts of solar energy back to ground based receivers , where it would then be converted to electricity and transferred to power grids .
while relevant officials remained silent as to the reason , observers suggested pyongyang may have attempted to show its dissatisfaction over delays in a shipment of heavy fuel oil from china .
the german company has declared the event will help put it in the no . position in china by , a coveted spot now held by shoe giant nike .
the conflict intensified over the weekend when questions arose over whether supreme court justice lee yong hun s close relationship with korea exchange bank s keb management was forcing the courts to take a softer stance toward the dallas based buyout firm .
a group of whales that became stranded on a remote coastline in southern australia were battered to death on rocks before rescuers could save them .
kim young geun , an immigration official said , the visa regulation can be revised , depending on public opinion and the minister s decision .
her eyes well with tears , but she doesn t allow them to fall , quickly wiping them away and biting her thumb like the vulnerable child she is .
there is absolutely nothing about distributing newspaper content on a newspaper optimized amazon kindle that will help change the fact that newspapers are a dual revenue stream business whose days are numbered .
greenspan , who played a key role in managing the us economy as head of the federal reserve from to , says that higher interest rates and higher inflation are more likely in the future , leading to slower economic growth and lower housing and share prices .
individuals work through a commercial provider like america online , compuserve , or , in japan , niftyserve and twics .
while we would never want these types of tragedies in new york city , this is actually the best prepared place for it to happen , paterson said saturday .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id poll
he has downplayed the threat from a growing cadre of competitors , saying the company has always faced tough competition .
except for a handful of models , verizon wireless and sprint nextel corp . phones don t work in europe and don t use sim cards , but do work in parts of south america .
more than sri lankan soldiers were killed and another wounded wednesday when troops attempted to advance toward a stronghold of the tamil tigers rebel organization , highly placed army sources told cnn .
to pull out of the meeting with saudi s foreign minister saud al faisal was due to personal reasons and was in no way linked to king abdullah s comments .
speaking in the thai capital , bangkok , elbaradei said his man team of experts who arrived in north korea on saturday had verified an earlier statement from pyongyang confirming the shutdown .
in this case , i believe the court , unless it changes its former opinion , must rule that proposition offends uh , the liberty provisions of the constitution of california .
some people say a security guard opened fire on people who refused to leave their mobile phones at the door other reports indicate that the shooting was among the voters who had showed up .
higher taxes on alcohol can make a night out more expensive but could save lives , according to a study released thursday .
under agreements reached in the six party process , north korea has committed to declare all its nuclear programs and to disable the three key nuclear facilities at yongbyon as an initial step toward eventually abandoning all its nuclear weapons and existing nuclear programs .
lean up against a pillar as the setting sun plays games with the colors of the stone and the sky .
shukor is to return to earth on october with two russian members of the current space station crew .
but , he added , soul men is a worthy last film for the comedian .
obama s victory , after losses to clinton in new hampshire and nevada , gave him momentum heading into february super tuesday democratic contests in states for their party s presidential nomination .
ivory trading has been outlawed since by the convention on international trade in endangered species cites , following a collapse in the african elephant population which saw numbers decline from . million in to just , by .
the boy kidnapped from his las vegas home by alleged drug dealers found alive in a neighborhood off a las vegas strip .
most people would prefer to have a computer they can carry around with them all the time .
jay inslee , a washington democrat , said the united states has given iraqi leaders a reasonable chance to work out their differences , and it was time for american troops to come home .
los angeles cnn the man whose investigation of then president clinton provided reams of tabloid fodder is now working to help crack down on photographers working for the very publications his efforts once filled .
when the fish stop moving , players click on the fish hiding the jewel .
the top u . s . military officer warned thursday he is deeply concerned about the situation in afghanistan , adding that maintaining troops in iraq is harming overall u . s . military capabilities .
more than were arrested .
normally , we don t say anything about apparent suicides , but in this case , we are .
president barack obama is playing host today to a high level meeting on health care reform , and there s already a huge deal on the table
waldheim , who served as u . n . chief from , was first confronted with purported evidence of his personal implication in wartime atrocities when he ran for the austrian presidency in .
i apologize and i am embarrassed that our federal government so mistreated our citizens .
chad johnson has found about diamonds at crater of diamonds state park , but on monday he nearly threw away his largest find yet .
they have the knowledge to proceed much more quickly , said a u . n . official .
last year , the utility company luminant installed a pilot version of the system at its big brown steam electric station in fairfield , texas .
nato meanwhile said militants continued to cross into afghanistan from neighboring pakistan in fairly substantial numbers .
some people who had known me here . . . and knew my personality and my voice decided that i might be a funny match for this crazy , enthusiastic hamster , he said , seemingly at ease with a half dozen camera techs and studio publicists surrounding him at the movie s press junket .
neither did they rule out the possibility of stopping the intake of new students and eventually closing the schools entirely .
all this is is a one day hiccup in being able to move the arm around , so it s no big deal , said ed sedivy , program manager for the phoenix flight system for lockheed martin corp . in denver .
everton cemented their place in the last of the uefa cup with a superb group a victory at az alkmaar , ending the dutch club s proud unbeaten home record in europe that stretched back over matches .
shingles vaccine
two suspected militants were gunned down and nine suspects had been arrested , gagrani said .
one two go s web site says the four year old company had aircraft and operated flights per week in thailand .
the dow is down points in the first half hour .
this is an occasion for the world s . billion muslims to look at the seriousness of this decision , mohammed ijaz ul haq , religious affairs minister , said in parliament .
nearly a week after a volcano erupted in chaiten , chile , disgorging its contents across a wide area of the andes mountains , authorities finished evacuating the area most affected .
the dollar hit a day high of . against the euro on july , at the height of tourist season .
a us airways plane with more than people aboard went down in the hudson river on thursday after taking off from laguardia airport , and everyone aboard apparently got off the plane alive , officials said .
david spade , who starred on the just shoot me !
once again the us presents an obstacle to improvement in north south relations as the telephone connection between south korea and the inter korean industrial complex in kaesong of the north is now in limbo due to deferred approval from the united states related to its export ban on strategic items .
however , serbia which regards the region as integral to its history and culture has refused to accept the move as being legal , and conservatives do not want to join the eu unless its member states retract any recognition of kosovo .
the party of geeorge w . bush said in the platform that japan is a key partner of the united states and the u . s .
and , mark , if you dig deeper , there is more to it than that .
he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead .
chaudhry has issued key rulings that have weakened musharraf s grip on power including lifting the exile imposed on sharif , an outspoken critic of musharraf , the man who ousted him from power in a military coup .
sharapova and williams have met six times before , with williams holding a advantage .
to months , said douglas biesecker , a space environment center scientist who is chairman of the forecast panel .
three australians convicted of drug smuggling in indonesia have had death sentences commuted to life in prison .
the study was published in the cdc s morbidity and mortality weekly report on wednesday .
i m never a frontrunner i m always the underdog , obama said tuesday as he tried to persuade undecided voters .
but the views from the town of ravello perched above the gulf of salerno feel like a shortcut to paradise .
renovated in , the acre resort features rooms overlooking carter s creek and a slip marina .
rudd , , has put global warming and keeping australia s resource export fueled economic boom at the top of his priorities list , and was due to call his first cabinet meeting later monday .
one of the gang s purported leaders allegedly directed activities from his el salvador prison cell , communicating with u . s . gang members and receiving money they wired , authorities said . from cnn justice producer terry frieden
it is . . . the assessment that al qaeda or an al qaeda related group is the possible perpetrator behind the attack , said carsten thomsen , spokesman for the danish security and intelligence service .
ham for christmas and pot roast for new year s .
the main opposition gnp said the judiciary authority should probe thoroughly the illegal leak of classified documents .
the united states was ranked st .
daniels alleged accomplice fled , but police said daniels wasn t able to escape .
but britain said it feared the sailors might have been coerced into appearing and insists they were seized in iraqi waters .
erdogan announced a package of reform proposals that included reducing the term of parliament from five years to four and would also push for a five year presidency rather than seven , allowing for the possibility of serving two terms rather than just one .
north korean soldiers stood well back from a small concrete seam in the earth that marks the frontier .
if her partner s kissing frequency or technique suddenly changes , that perhaps is a sign of his waning interest .
the three had followed another pakistani man the alleged explosives expert who had just arrived after a five month stay in pakistan .
moore also accused the media of becoming cheerleaders for the war in iraq , saying reporters have refused to ask tough questions of the bush administration .
joe six pack , hockey moms across the nation
he s just an average joe that s always in over his head that somehow seems to get through it .
we re horrified that anyone can do this and saddened by the age of the child , neindorf said .
there are only a few restaurants in the big sky base area and just one at moonlight basin
an israeli military spokesman said two soldiers were lightly wounded in southern gaza when militants fired an anti tank missile at an israeli tank . israeli forces returned fire .
plenty of authors don t use their real names , but there s only one successful writer of black erotica with a gender neutral , one syllable nom de plume .
rice s meeting with abbas in the west bank town of ramallah lasted more than two hours , most of it without the presence of aides . watch rice struggle to breathe life into complicated peace deal
but he added though that the burmese government could be responsive to international pressure .
three of the injured were her father , mother and a brother , crider quoted the howell county sheriff as saying .
lawmakers from the pro government and opposition parties have urged roh to scrap his plan to close most of the press rooms at the central government .
the bottle had been contaminated with a toxic chemical called diethylene glycol .
the poll also shows clinton only holds a point lead in pennsylvania to percent .
the top cleric is head of the higher council for islamic jurisprudence .
but the ministry sent a legislative proposal to the national assembly a month ago .
asian markets fell sharply monday after wall street declined at the end of last week on renewed concerns about u . s . mortgage problems .
keep the conversation polite .
the san antonio spurs moved to within one victory of the nba finals with a road victory over the utah jazz on monday , pulling away from the hosts with an aggressive fourth quarter run .
john f . kennedy international airport in new york city was at the bottom for on time departures .
nato said he was linked to an uprising in the town of musa qala , which the taliban overran on february , and to an attack on tuesday against a dam in nearby kajaki .
american was at the bottom .
the court appointed medical panel found raj had no penis , and a vagina that was surgically closed .
if boston is able to finish its rotation by acquiring a veteran point guard such as tyronn lue or brevin knight and another center dale davis ? to complement rondo and kendrick perkins , respectively , the celtics could be headed for their first nba finals since the larry bird era of five finals appearances from .
the last confirmed sighting of the long beaked , nearly blind , baiji was in .
it s something that is so basic , so cost effective and so overwhelmingly life changing , he said .
jose segura , the central government s chief representative in the canaries , told ser , a spanish radio station , that the plane was carrying passengers and eight crew members .
the office of dermatologist dennis gross , m . d . , where his luminous assistant , magda , applies an exfoliating alpha hydroxy acid peel to my face and neck .
those from families earning between , and , pay far less than they would have in previous years .
sink into a red leather banquette and see if you can spot the publishing sensations of tomorrow while surrounded by books and the people who wrote or edited them .
a nato statement said dadullah had left his sanctuary in southern afghanistan where he was killed in a u . s . led coalition operation supported by nato .
sometimes their guns are taller than they are .
west hollywood , california cnn star trek star george takai is ready to live long and prosper with his partner of years .
speaking before a relatively small , diverse crowd , obama emphasized his upbringing as the son of a black man from kenya and a white woman from kansas .
he set up an asset management company , bbk , in , with co founder lee myung bak , who is now a leading contender in the presidential race .
the resolution accused the north korean government of torturing prisoners and performing public executions , as well as imposing severe restrictions on freedom of thought , assembly and women s rights , and restricting freedom of movement inside the country and across its borders .
emanuel says that new administration faces a number of challenges that will need to be solved through a bipartisan effort with all parties in congress .
if so , it meant that a macho in the halo of the milky way too faint to be seen from the ground had been detected passing between the large magellanic cloud and the telescope .
as the biggest country in south america , brazil also has huge new sources of offshore oil and abundant ethanol , and those resources could give it a key role in helping the united states wean itself off venezuelan crude , and shift to cleaner sources of energy .
we will stand with the pakistani people as they seek to live in a democratic society free from this needless violence .
venus williams said she was surprised at hitting mph during her first service game to tie the speed she reached at wimbledon earlier this season as the fastest ever at a grand slam .
they are the only ones close to its borders and they must work on breaking this siege .
however , there was still time for endo to stroke home a calmly taken penalty after gary neville was penalized for handball .
a team of korean scientists has developed a breakthrough technology to heal skin damage , such as burn injuries , by transplanting skin cells enriched from stem cells .
abc news is reporting those items include the victim s underwear .
the educational degree witch hunt continues with prosecution considering filing charges against byeon yang kyoon , a former presidential aide , for pressuring corporations to confer favors on shin jeong ah , the former curator professor who rose to fame by faking her credentials .
she ll take home half the take .
john demjanjuk is in custody in germany after being deported from the us .
blacksburg , virginia cnn investigators are examining the computer and cell phone of the woman believed to have been the first victim of the virginia tech massacre , as well as an ebay account the gunman may have used .
chung dong young , of the ruling liberals , was second with . .
the combined forces of the rok us alliance are highly trained , well equipped and superbly led , gen . leon laporte said , adding the south koreans would be consulted about any possible u . s .
japan s chief cabinet secretary shinzo abe said tokyo strongly protested the move by north korea .
president roh moo hyun on monday called for a more sincere attitude from north korea in the upcoming negotiations , saying the united states will surely give a security guarantee if it abandons its nuclear ambitions .
baby beluga in the deep blue sea
ideas on ways to jump start the economy are also coming from the presidential candidates .
he was a true warrior . he was what boxing stood for , and what boxing is all about .
i learned how to always be happy , be patient and to be positive , and this is what i want to teach to the next generation , she said during the interview competition .
a priest has been defrocked by pope john paul ii .
he spoke at the launch of a report that was critical of the emergency response to cho s april rampage .
the pentagon says several chinese ships came dangerously close to a us navy vessel , an unarmed ship that was conducting ocean surveys in international waters .
shania twain and husband producer robert mutt lange are splitting up after years of marriage .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said earlier this week the blackwater employees involved in the incident were still in iraq .
they re acting on fear .
mass production of its roughly laptops is expected to begin soon , but with fewer than the several million computers originally envisioned .
a father and son who became fascinated by symbols carved into the chapel s arches say they have deciphered a musical score encrypted in them .
beckham , hampered by an injured left ankle for the last two months , had made only two fleeting appearances for the galaxy since joining them last month .
the maoists , formally known as the communist party of nepal , are also leading in of the constituencies where counting continues , according to reports in the state run radio nepal .
not everyone can say their naked baby picture has become part of america s pop culture psyche .
the federal justice ministry has fielded hundreds of complaints from individuals and from local governments in the country s conservative hinterland .
if you want to make money , you have to clear land .
john mccain and barack obama locked in a statistical dead heat in the race for the white house .
sereno , a national geographic explorer in residence and paleontologist at the university of chicago , said the first evidence of nigersaurus was found in the s and now researchers have been able to reconstruct its skull and skeleton .
taiwan president chen shui bian has urged the chinese government to open talks with his administration .
the two met frequently as alumni of yale university although shin is not a graduate of the prestigious american university .
washington cnn the united states is close to finalizing a deal with north korea over its nuclear program , senior state department officials tell cnn .
the truth is that without the united states in afghanistan , afghanistan would be a very poor , miserable country , occupied by neighbors and al qaeda and terrorists .
colleague and former nbc anchor tom brokaw broke the news on the network friday shortly after p . m .
but alkatiri , who earlier met with ruling party officials to discuss his political future , appeared to have received the backing of his party . the prime minister is unpopular amongst east timorese , many of whom blame him for failing to stop recent violence .
police found a semi automatic or automatic rifle next to one of the bodies along with casings and bullets in the church and four empty magazines outside the church , duke said .
republican leaders say they want time to look over the plan .
london , england cnn london police said wednesday they had carried out one of britain s largest simultaneous drug raids , using more than officers to target suspects at more than addresses in a massive pre dawn operation .
there in chechnya , i could simply disappear .
with apartments selling for , yuan , or , , per square meter , it can only appeal to china s nouveaux riches , further creating social division in what is already a deprived area of the city .
groh , , died from loss of blood resulting from the shark attack near the bahamas , the miami dade medical examiner s office said .
prime minister lee hsien loong and his father , former prime minister lee kuan yew , are suing the singapore democratic party leader chee soon juan and other party members over articles they wrote criticizing the government s handling of a scandal at the national kidney foundation .
hubble team members at goddard began a complicated process on wednesday to send computer commands to the telescope to switch over to side b , and hoped to have everything completed by midday friday .
it suffers from ineffective leadership and is widely regarded as dysfunctional and sectarian , the report says .
across the asia pacific region markets closed roundly lower on monday .
mark says palin will likely do what she s done on her very few network tv interviews .
the korean government is seeking to accelerate stem cell therapy and interspecies organ transplantation to humans by setting up a large sized facility geared toward pre clinical tests of such futuristic cures .
it is the lowest level since when the nso began tracking the data .
firefighters worked until just before daybreak to put out a blaze that scorched fields on farms near the border .
he had been hospitalized twice in early with acute onset pulmonary edema , or congestive heart failure , and at one point was placed on a ventilator .
the indonesian government issued , then canceled , a tsunami alert .
jerusalem cnn israel reopened some of its border crossings with gaza
the video pictures obtained by the bbc appear to contradict the us account of the events in ishaqi , about km north of baghdad , on march , .
empowerment of zimbabwean companies could drain what little confidence there is left in the country and step up pressure on mugabe to show he is in control , analysts say .
a walk of several days .
al fayed claims diana was pregnant with dodi s child and they were murdered in a plot masterminded by philip .
his body was never identified .
i urge everyone to join me in pledging our support and prayers as he begins the difficult task ahead .
recent events in gaza and the west bank make it more urgent than ever that we advance the search for peace in the middle east , the statement said .
the game is about the fans , and to get that many votes , you feel like you have a responsibility to go out there and play well , he said .
when you are looking at a cabinet and you have such a small number of women in the room when the big decisions are being made , there need to be a lot more women s voices in this administration , said kim gandy , president of the national organization for women .
meeting the fcc s demand for callers location information has been excruciatingly difficult .
the bbc reports former president kim dae jung has said he is unhappy with the results of an official report into his abduction from tokyo in .
the eu says that the industry can only gain if it embraces cutting edge cleaner technology .
he turned himself in to authorities in nye county , nevada , on september .
there s been no official response from the taliban .
fed chairman ben bernanke says another economic stimulus package is needed as part of a broader , multi pronged government response to the ongoing financial crisis .
tokyo can be a tricky place for vegetarians but the traditional zen buddhist cuisine called shojin ryori is completely vegetarian .
among the six north koreans at a luncheon hosted by president roh were kim ki nam , a key member of north korea s workers party and rim tong ok , chief policy maker for the north korean workers party on ties with the south .
we now have enough forward power to improve our chances of scoring .
a year old man injured in the fire died overnight , uintah county sheriff jeff merrell said saturday .
zeng said she believed the arrest was part of a wider crackdown on rights campaigners .
on tuesday , gen . peter pace , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , did not go as far as assertions made during sunday s briefing in baghdad .
the dollar sank to an all time low against the euro wednesday with u . s . inflation coming in three times as high as expected in march , on top of escalating food and energy prices .
we re aware that this satellite is out there , renuart said . we re aware it is a fairly substantial size . and we know there is at least some percentage that it could land on ground as opposed to in the water .
elahi , whose party is musharraf s main political prop , pledged his full cooperation in the assembly .
rockefellercenter . com .
president bush and john kerry pulls out big political guns in a final bid .
it s surprisingly close to what we expected and that s what surprises me most , said peter smith , the mission s principal investigator .
an iraqi woman who was among military workers watching the game from a u . s . iraqi military base labeled the team members heroes .
the tentative deal calls for the auto companies to get billion in loans from an already approved fund first set up to help them build market fuel efficient vehicles .
landry said hawkins was placed at the center because of homicidal threats to his stepmother .
the reaction comes as the korean government failed to meet the chinese government s request to hold off public announcement until the giant neighbor completed its own inspections .
ban s visit to japan looks set to be dominated by the row over koizumi s latest shrine visit , on october .
more now on obama s argument for the budget , from ap white house correspondent mark smith
one of the students asked what kids always ask
apologized for the considerable human cost of , layoffs , adding , curiously , the footwear business is highly managements intensive , especially , when people get the boot .
that marked the first time since may the army missed a monthly recruiting goal .
hundreds of people have been gathering outside her home as news of her death spread .
nearby , another machete attack survivor , john machana , said he thought he was a dead man when he was attacked .
if you want the same as we ve had in the last seven years , then i think john mccain s going to be a great choice , obama said . but if you think we need something new . . . then i hope that you will stand with me and vote for me .
since leaving office , gore has advised a los angeles , california based investment firm on biotechnology and computer issues and lectured at middle tennessee state university , his father s alma mater .
sydney , australia cnn australian authorities have started the controversial killing of about kangaroos on the outskirts of the capital canberra , animal rights activists said monday .
our keepers were stunned . the sad thing is that because of the excitement around knut , she died alone and no one immediately noticed that she had passed away .
the parole board imposed the new restrictions after state officials discovered , after subpoenaing several sites , hundreds of profiles registered to convicted sex offenders .
interest rate cuts are usually viewed as beneficial for the economy since they typically lead to more lending .
actor wesley snipes was sentenced thursday to three years in prison after being convicted on three misdemeanor counts of failing to file tax returns
many women are afraid to walk in the street while parents are afraid to let their children play outside .
mexico city , mexico cnn perhaps better known for impossible traffic , kidnappings and some of the world s worst air , mexico s sprawling capital of million seems like the last place you would go for natural splendor and pristine wilderness .
voter cirilo vaz de carvalho , a year old farmer with three children , was the first resident to vote at a local elementary school in the capital , dili . i voted for cnrt because of the key figure , our national hero , xanana gusmao , who brought us independence .
salmonella , one of the best known sources of food poisoning , can be fatal .
nobody has the right to tell them to shut up . one of the problems in tibet is that there is no freedom of speech .
according to pfann s reading , the ossuary did not house the bones of mary the teacher , but rather of two women , mary and martha .
the maldives is an archipelago of almost , coral islands located south southwest of india .
iran has threatened to press ahead with industrial scale uranium enrichment if its nuclear work is referred to the un security council .
three big music companies , bmg , universal and emi are going to put out music discs .
an american schoolteacher held in bangkok on suspicion of killing child beauty queen jonbenet ramsey has left thailand on a us extradition flight .
that should be your mantra as you hear tour guides warn how much more selective this university or that college has become .
a wealthy texan and prolific republican donor is helping bankroll a television ad assailing democrat john kerry s decorated military record in the vietnam war .
others ask if she feels ashamed , she said .
the first malaysian in space and two russian cosmonauts have landed back on earth after leaving the international space station iss .
find a hospital close to you with this list of children s hospitals in the u . s .
we are very proud of the way our crew safely evacuated all passengers on board , walsh said in a statement .
in los angeles , dodgers catcher russell martin wants to close out the chicago cubs tonight .
if you were lucky , friends helped fill in some of the blanks .
it s a he said , she said right now , but you can t pass on the right in weehawken or anywhere in jersey , kelly said .
but britain , the former colonial power in zimbabwe , blasted mugabe s government for claiming a tainted victory built on state sponsored violence .
airport terminals , ports , and other sensitive installations will also see enhanced security , brown said .
the fact that it s been so quick and so violent , you knew there was something wrong .
during the minute meeting in seoul , lee said the south korean government will sternly deal with any attempt to harm its sovereignty over the volcanic islets in the east sea .
awaiting federer in the quarterfinals is american james blake , the th seed easing past marin cilic of croatia .
analysts say suicide attacks are rare in this area , and the bombing shows the reach of the insurgency is growing .
million . billion and will be scaled down to a , capacity venue after the games with its main use for athletics .
south and north korean navies on monday successfully exchanged radio communications in their first test of an inter korean military communication since the end of the korean war .
a snow storm buried camps erected along the route , an official said .
the iraqi leader has access to dozens of palaces .
he announced the goodwill gesture at a summit in egypt , attended by abbas and the leaders of egypt and jordan .
election officials in philadelphia reported robust but not record breaking turnout in tuesday s hard fought democratic primary , a contest seen as critical for sen . hillary clinton s presidential hopes .
particularly , he told cnn , when the topic turned to the watergate scandal .
then foreign office minister mark malloch brown followed up in a weekend interview by saying that britain had to nurture a wider range of allies and predicting london and washington would no longer be joined at the hip .
meanwhile , in the roh administration s strongest pronouncement yet on the tokto islands dispute , chung dong young , head of the national security council , said that yesterday japanese assertions of sovereignty over tokto were tantamount to justifying the invasion of the korean peninsula by the japanese imperial army years ago .
people here tell us about seeing strange lights in the sky and about rumors of captured ufos stored in secret hangars .
i ask to be helped to die because i don t want this tumor to have the last word . i didn t fight for seven and a half years to have it having the last word , she said in the february interview , according to the associated press translation .
sebire had suffered from esthesioneuroblastoma , a rare and incurable form of cancer for eight years , developing tumors in her nasal passages and sinuses that distorted her face and caused her nose and eyes to bulge .
oh my god , said rodgers , a senior at successtech academy near downtown cleveland .
south korean naval vessels fired warning shots yesterday at one of three north korean patrol boats that crossed the northern limit line in the yellow sea , the demarcation line of the maritime border between the two koreas .
the united states withdrew its ambassador from damascus in after the assassination of former lebanese prime minister rafik al hariri .
he said france , germany and italy will hold cabinet meetings on monday and will announce their plans .
bush to ask for additional bn regard to katrina .
we know that parents are busy , but sitting down and watching shows together with their teen , talking about the character portrayals , talking about what they just witnessed , and really using it as a teachable moment is really , i think , a good recommendation from this research , chandra said .
he said there is very good reason to believe that he travels the world in order to sexually abuse and exploit vulnerable children .
the sun is , in every sense of the word , a superstar .
ethnic humor has a long history in the united states , but kader says being middle eastern is different .
javascript
the sim card , or subscriber identity module , is almost always located in the phone s battery compartment .
horry county fire chief gary alderman says smoke has been getting in the way of firefighters work
his mother died early the next year in florida from an accidental drug overdose at age .
about half of the people who enter the second phase of yellow fever die within days .
police sealed the neighborhood and entered the house , where they found five shooting victims
yesterday winehouse s husband blake fielder civil lost his appeal against his month jail term for assault and perverting the course of justice .
couples , such as plaintiffs , who are otherwise qualified to marry one another may not be denied licenses to marry or certificates of marriage or in any other way prevented from entering into a civil marriage pursuant to iowa code chapter by reason of the fact that both persons compromising such a couple are of the same sex .
because getting a massage will increase your blood flow , young explained , that increase in a patient with already high blood pressure could cause problems .
the workers are protesting planned cuts in transport funding in the new budget as well as the declining fortunes of the main companies in the sector , starting with the money losing alitalia , which the italian government is struggling to sell .
that has forced systems engineers to study how various computing applications deal with time , and make manual fixes if necessary .
mcfarren said he finally called police february after he became worried because babcock was acting groggy like she didn t know what was going on , except she was awake .
the beheaded body of a woman was later found at the boy s home .
the beaches remain closed and will be patrolled throughout the weekend , city and county officials told the associated press .
capello dropped beckham from real madrid when the former england captain announced his move to play for the los angeles galaxy in major league soccer .
demonstrators are out again today demanding the release of the iraqi journalist who tossed his size tens at president bush .
the official xinhua news agency reported that the yuan was trading at . to the first time it has ventured below the yuan mark since the government loosened the unit s peg to the dollar in .
it was the third attempt on karzai s life since he became president following the ouster of the taliban regime in .
hussein was hanged in .
she predicted that the church s resistance will backfire .
turkish ground troops launched long range missiles at the pkk positions after the air attack , the statement said .
then there s the intriguing possibility of resurrecting a mammoth .
in the past , the honor has been reserved only for heads of state and monarchs .
he had seen one of his u . s . colleagues close to bush bend down and pick up the watch .
i hope from god that in the future of the series that the women participating will be ten times that of the men , sorur said with a giggle .
he was arrested by the civil guard after the jet landed at gando airport , the source told cnn .
australia has more than , troops in and around iraq , many in non combat roles .
its next target is america , where it hopes to double its current low market share , at reebok s expense .
cohen say markova next saw her coat on lohan in a photo in ok !
it s important to point out that these medicines are safe and effective
dogs appear to experience a range of complex , unpleasant emotions such as jealousy and pride , scientists have discovered .
what are the arguments against a chapter bankruptcy ?
the talks reached a deadlock earlier this month , but delegates agreed to reconvene after a short recess in an attempt to find a solution .
clashes intensified following sharif s deportation , with his supporters burning tires and blocking roads in islamabad and the neighboring city of rawalpindi , police and members of sharif s party said .
he says about eight million lives could be saved each year if the richest nations increased spending on health care in developing countries .
president bush , trying to fend off charges that america is not doing enough , said this week that a final energy department report showed american emissions of carbon dioxide , a leading greenhouse gas , declined by . percent last year while the u . s . economy grew .
he was briefed on military operations in afghanistan , according to a spokesman at clarence house , the royal residence in london .
the deputy said the u . s . military was handling the investigation .
in kuwait , anybody can run and elections are free , he said .
there is no happier moment , goalkeeper noor sabri told iraqiya state television in the airport arrival lounge , choking back tears as other players behind him sobbed .
this material may not be published .
what speeds up the degeneration ?
exports , blocking roads and emptying supermarket shelves .
the meeting of technology and enology has democratized other areas as well , new york musician lane steinberg said .
the benchmark shanghai composite index has more than doubled in value this year as investors have piled into the market , seeking higher returns than they can earn on bank savings .
net income for the fiscal second quarter jumped to million , or cents per share , from million , or cents per share .
it was the third such release in two days .
if you don t have time for all of the churches , make sure you see at least three
bush ordered nearly , additional troops to iraq in january a move known as the surge in an effort to pacify baghdad and its surrounding provinces amid rampant sectarian and insurgent warfare .
the virus , first identified in in the west nile region of uganda , was detected in the united states two years ago after birds and humans in the new york city area were bitten by infested mosquitoes .
the government says the move is a way to show that south korea is a developed nation .
lindsay lohan turned herself in to face charges of driving under the influence in connection with the memorial day weekend hit and run crash that sent her into rehab .
the new push comes just short of a year since president bush ordered almost , additional troops to iraq to secure baghdad and its surrounding provinces .
unlike earlier matches at the tournament , williams started strong winning the first set and scattering aces during the match .
carlo urbani , , an italian who expert on communicable diseases who identified the sars outbreak in hanoi , died on march in thailand where he had been receiving treatment after becoming infected in vietnam .
the widening wealth gap could lead to a rise in birth rates , zhang weiqing , from the national population and family planning commission , told state media .
when the economy hits the skids , most businesses do worse
new york cnn sylvester stallone says he used human growth hormone to get buff for the new rambo movie , and defends its use .
it is important to stress that it is the making of animal skin drums that is the risk for coming into contact with anthrax rather than playing or handling drums , he told pa .
lebanese troops raided a house suspected of containing al qaeda inspired militants in the northern port city of tripoli early sunday , sparking a gunbattle that left people dead , including a soldier and six gunmen , security officials said .
on average people are spending a little more this year , but ellen davis with the national retail federation says stores aren t out of the woods yet .
the bows of the royal barges were adorned with figures of serpents , swans , a seven headed dragon and other creatures .
this launched kitt into a life of roles in the entertainment field .
the automaker retired about . billion in securities issued by either the parent company or its finance arm in exchange for cash and shares under terms of the debt buybacks .
he said the battle lasted nearly an hour and that the insurgents were believed to have suffered heavy casualties before fleeing .
the perpetrators of these crimes will not escape the strongest possible condemnation and ultimate punishment by algerian authorities and the international community , ban said in the written statement .
the other participants are south korea , japan and russia .
burke said additional charges expected monday would likely include assault on a police officer while armed .
it includes references to british prime minister gordon brown , who took office in june , and french president nicolas sarkozy , who was elected in may . watch what experts make of the new message raquo
whether or not the dvd succeeds , digital video will play a major role in the evolution of both the tv and the pc .
leung , a socialite and political activist , was paid . million by the fbi for her information as an intelligence asset code named parlor maid .
the result is that most people end up buying high and selling low , and that s not how you make money in the stock market .
if you ever start to feel too good about yourself , they have this thing called the internet , and you can find a lot of people there who don t like you .
while amf s announcement did not mention airbus specifically , its investigation was triggered when top management and shareholders carried out suspicious share trades in the time before eads revealed severe delays to the production of the airbus a superjumbo jet in june .
some , people visit the castle every year , gardner said .
somalia has relied heavily on international aid since , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war .
they continued for days in july and august before apparently reaching a deadlock , when delegates decided to take a recess , promising to reconvene after a short time .
the opposition united democratic party criticized the minister for plotting to oust democratic forces .
the united states and iran have not had formal diplomatic relations since after iranian militants stormed the united states embassy in tehran and held americans hostage for days .
he spent hours with an array of academics and vips including former u . s . secretaries of state henry kissinger and madeleine albright .
a jamaican government helicopter flew the test samples back to kingston when they were processed , mir said .
florida appears headed to the national championship game .
but a series of stumbles and gaffes gradually eroded his popularity and the parti quebecois finished in third place in the march election .
officials say the dead in basra include iraqi troops , police , civilians and militiamen .
a terrorist attack in a town near korean troops base in iraq killed at least people .
the world s poorest nations still harbor the greatest hunger risk .
jamestown got a lot of attention this past spring celebrating the anniversary of its founding on may , , making it the oldest english settlement in the nation .
influential business leaders expressed their dissatisfaction with the government on sunday in a statement which called for early elections to protect secularism and democracy , the associated press reported .
growth has also practically stalled in europe , particularly when compared to north and south america and africa , where the slowdown has been more subdued .
most of the deaths were in the central highlands coffee growing region where flash floods swept away people , houses , rice and corn crops over the weekend , the government said in its disaster report on tuesday .
and therefore i won t commit beyond july .
he told officers he believes that the men were the same two that have been destroying his mccain sign .
the robbers were under the influence of stimulants , said ramon rodriguez chacin , the venezuelan minister of the interior and justice .
the ruling junta has been blasted by aid agencies for refusing to allow most foreign experts into the hard hit irrawaddy delta and not responding adequately to what they say is a spiraling crisis .
on sunday ma said his campaign would still go forward even if he is convicted in taipei district court .
his final year as the president of south korea , they say , ought to be filled with national affection and appreciation .
the more dopamine you get , the more of a high you feel , dr . brown says .
kivalina is a traditional inupiat eskimo village of about people about miles km northwest of anchorage . it s built on an mile km barrier reef between the chukchi sea and kivalina river .
he worked games over the last two years . . . we did not want to sort of march people together and say , we are now going to investigate tim donaghy . . .
it appears that kevin bacon was one degree too close to bernie madoff .
the latest tax measure took effect thursday , the official xinhua news agency reported .
the membership of a party stops at the boundaries of the state , he said .
slumping sales , surging yen hits toyota
the happy fact is not that women are losing life , said dr .
who are known to be at increased risk of infections
i was so surprised to see this today , larrison said .
the panel concluded that wolfowitz s role in the matter went beyond the informal advice given by the bank s ethics committee , and that he engaged in a de facto conflict of interest , according to the report .
virginia tech senior shane moore said tuesday he recalled having lunch with cho three years ago .
che the movie met che the myth in cuba this weekend , and the lengthy biopic of the argentinean revolutionary won acclaim from among those who know his story best .
his conduct on operations in afghanistan has been exemplary . he has been fully involved in operations and has run the same risks as everyone else in his battlegroup .
in may , the united states restored full diplomatic relations with libya and removed it from the list of state sponsors of terrorism , where it had been for years .
john mccain and barack obama side by side as the candidates face off wednesday night in their final presidential debate .
as a precaution , britain also shut its embassy in baku to the public on monday following security concerns nearby , britain s foreign office said .
the vote meant that the academy awards ceremony on february will be the usual scripted gala , the ap reported .
the number of bombings and suicide attacks has dropped dramatically in the iraqi capital , prime minister nuri al maliki said sunday , claiming sectarian violence is closed now .
the koreans moved against the attackers after the williams responding to reports of the hijacking ordered the pirates to give up their weapons , according to the navy .
rain in the east , some snow in the mid west and northern rockies pose travel troubles for motorists today the day millions of us are heading back home to close out the thanksgiving holiday weekend
a small amount of blood spattered on spector s white jacket proves his innocence , they said .
danish officials initially said sweden had been awarded a forfeit victory .
it said the video was shot in winehouse s east london home .
in , a . magnitude quake in yunnan near the border with myanmar killed more than people .
in the past there haven t been consequences against the commanders , said becker , of human rights watch .
obama has also said he intends to visit iraq and afghanistan this summer , but no announcements regarding that trip were expected to be detailed saturday .
bhutto said sunday she wanted the foreign experts to assist in the inquiry into the thursday night bombing in karachi , which killed people , wounded hundreds more , and raised the question of whether campaign rallies would be allowed ahead of upcoming parliamentary elections .
they have hired a u . s . lawyer to defend their case , which could wind up in the court of arbitration for sport .
reeve also promised manchester cathedral would never be used in future sony video games .
ramos horta s sole rival in the race , francisco lu olo guterres , the head of the country s left wing fretilin party , has not commented , but his campaign team has said he will accept the result .
the court will make a decision tomorrow on the arrest request .
white house , cia and state department officials declined comment on hersh s report , which appears in this week s issue of the new yorker .
based on preliminary fbi data , auto thefts in the early part of were trending downward nationally for the third year in a row , according to the nicb .
however , he has mostly been on the bench at inter since moving from spain four months ago .
it is the first find with characteristics of mass and orbit that are similar to the solar system .
so it s very heartening for me to have some confirmation that his situation isn t grave . it was probably smart for them apple to announce it at this time , because there s been an inordinate amount of speculation .
sunday night football , tony romo threw touchdown passes to patrick crayton and deon anderson .
israeli aircraft struck a car that also was involved in the attack .
katie stam , a communications major , plans to work in television news after her one year stint as miss america .
colombo , sri lanka cnn twelve people were killed and almost wounded , most of them students , when a woman blew herself up near a train as it was pulling into a station sunday in sri lanka s capital , colombo , police said .
alaska governor sarah palin is taking part in rallies for incumbent senator saxby chambliss .
the gunman had a rifle and most of the victims were shot inside the store , negron said .
the creature feature cloverfield became the first monster hit released in , debuting with million , a record opening for january , according to studio estimates sunday .
bonds blast , which came four days after he reached the homer landmark , was not enough to bring the giants a victory .
khan said asif ali zardari is shielding musharraf by not pushing to reinstate the country s sacked judges , including chief justice iftikhar chaudhry .
the korea herald reports the number of koreans filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits is set to outstrip the level during the financial crisis , reflecting the serious state of the economic slump that has hamstrung the nation s job market for years , government officials said yesterday .
it s a holdover of the cold war .
we are not going to change our editorial line that we are not afraid of the threats from this government , he told cnn .
the high speed multi camera technology which tracks the trajectory of a moving ball was first used at a grand slam in at flushing meadow and has also been successfully launched at the australian open .
neither have such high profile party leaders as former vice president al gore , former new york gov . mario cuomo , jesse jackson and senate majority leader harry reid of nevada .
based on its brightness , astronomers are guessing that the object is to meters wide .
we will finish it off in every corner of the country , he said . hamilton criticized the pakistani president for keeping u . s . forces out of the region .
the attorney general added that the policeman received injuries after being attacked with bricks and iron pipes .
i have no doubt that hillary clinton is the right person to lead our state department and to work with me in tackling this ambitious foreign policy agenda .
it is the first fatality blamed on eta in nearly a year .
sir hillary , , with sherpa tenzing norgay who died in , was the first to scale the world s highest mountain , reaching the summit on may , .
having polluted the planet with more waste than it could handle , globo corporation buy n large evacuated its customers on a five year space cruise the final fun tier , promises the president , played by fred willard , leaving the robots to clean up the mess .
in promotional photos , the year old ford appears fit as ever .
liverpool captain steven gerrard was among six men arrested in the early hours of monday morning following an alleged assault in the north west england town of southport .
of course , the original gto died back in .
several witnesses echoed that account to ap , saying the aircraft appeared to be missing a propeller before it crashed .
provided a foretaste of how the whole tech industry took shape .
lee has denied impropriety , but the key suspect , korean american kim kyung joon , has claimed lee was as responsible for the scam as he himself .
if king didn t exist we would have invented him .
and a happy new year
the blaze started about a . m . , said pennsylvania state trooper mark schrecengost .
there are about million migrant laborers in china , mostly in cities .
most of the sexual experiences took place at their homes or friends homes .
rice said thursday that she was not interested in talking with syria on broader issues , voicing concern damascus would use such an overture to demand concessions from the government in lebanon .
tilley , now , told cnn she was initially embarrassed to pose naked for the artist but they soon grew comfortable in the studio so comfortable , in fact , that she confessed to falling asleep while posing .
french president nicolas sarcozy and britain s prince charles attended the solemn ceremony near one of the conflict s bloodiest battlefields in france .
there have been such fires this year in the philadelphia suburb .
olmert told karnit goldwasser , the wife of one of the kidnapped soldiers , about the development , she said .
some worked for a business unit spun off from the mother ship but may have kept their jobs
researchers at the riken center for developmental biology in kobe , japan , used cells from mice that had been frozen for years at celsius degrees fahrenheit .
it could also go towards improvements in mass transit , expanded student loans or lower health insurance premiums .
she said that at some point the fbi knew that the chinese had identified her as an american agent .
honolulu , hawaii cnn hawaii tourism officials are looking to china and south korea to help offset continuing declines in the number of visitors from japan , the state s largest source of foreign tourists .
his lawyer told reporters earlier this month that garrison would accept responsibility for his conduct .
the u . s . charge d affaires in myanmar , shari villarosa , told cnn earlier friday that petrie was told he was no longer welcome in the country .
it will decide wednesday just how it can decrease average emissions from new and imported cars by as the car industry calls on other factors , like taxation and cleaner fuel , to play a part .
they ignored journalists shouting questions at them when they drove away .
when hospital officials couldn t reach the family , they called pennsylvania state police for help .
south korean president roh moo hyun is expected to announce considerable financial support to the north , in both aid and direct investment .
the command said it believed the us was preparing to attack and suggested it would resort to shooting down us spy planes if they continued their flights .
it said he told police he killed the woman because he did not want to pay for the haircut , and did not have the money .
erakat an abbas ally called this week s clashes the worst i have ever seen .
president bush has now announced a billion plan to directly buy shares in the nation s leading banks .
the move could shore up support for the embattled president and possibly strike a power sharing deal with the former premier .
interpol said it now knows the suspect s name , nationality , date of birth and passport number , but it did not release that information in its statement .
pets that consumed food recalled by menu foods inc . and experienced various stages of kidney dysfunction qualify as suspected cases , the veterinary association said .
london , england cnn a small plane crashed into several homes in a neighborhood outside london sunday afternoon , killing all five on board , scotland yard reported .
other officials and volunteers arrived by four wheel drive vehicle on sunday and worked frantically to save those remaining , but they died , brennan said .
the peoples alliance for democracy pad is protesting proposed changed to thailand s constitution which would protect former prime minister thaksin shinawatra and his followers from corruption charges .
he said coalition forces shouldn t interfere in the affairs of regional countries and should allow the region s countries to run their own affairs .
deal , without any negotiation , without any side agreement of any nature whatsoever .
the obama transition team says the two will meet monday in chicago to talk about their shared goal of making more efficient and effective government a reality .
chris allen and allison iraheta , who s only .
sudan ali ahmed , the head of the mogadishu based elman human rights group , accused the rebels of using civilians has human shields , while the transitional government s ethiopian allies shelled residential neighborhoods with tanks and artillery .
afghan troops have surrounded the area in central ghazni province with the hostages are being held .
they come to surfers not only for the hopping nightlife , waves and beaches which can be found in a multitude of locations along australia s coast but also because of the avalanche of excursion options .
arlington , virginia cnn a suburban washington man was bitten monday by a rattlesnake that found its way into his luggage , a fire department spokesman said .
the serbian government proposed the move this week , becoming frustrated after clashing with pro western tadic and his party over the issues in cabinet .
cheema s version of events conflicts with that of the government run news agency associated press of pakistan , which at first quoted the interior ministry as saying shrapnel from the bomb blast killed bhutto .
north korea has demanded a nonaggression treaty with the united states .
this is the best tournament of my career , djokovic told the crowd .
welcome to operation spy at the international spy museum www . spymuseum . org in washington , d . c .
zimbabwe under mugabe largely follows british traditions in its parliamentary protocol , including opening annual sessions amid pomp and pageantry .
telling the americans was no easy matter .
the concessions , however , came amid reports that the government continued to detain dissidents .
a woman found dead on friday with her arms around the bodies of four children had fled her home the only house left standing in the village , said a neighbor in the peloponnese town of artemida .
like others in those first waves of korean immigrants to america , they carried little more than their culture , their values and a strong work ethic , qualities that descendants like moon , the chief justice of the hawaii supreme court , credit for helping shape their lives today .
he said the president understands the importance of debate about the war on capitol hill and understands lawmakers anxiety about the war .
on tuesday , the us federal reserve made its biggest rate cut for years to stoke up growth and bolster markets .
it s kind of a mess probably the best way to term it in one word , meteorologist bob kilpatrick said in albany , new york .
every single one of those quotes came from the campaign of , when the the republicans attacked john fitzgerald kennedy for allegedly lacking the age and experience necessary to be president .
the joong ang ilbo reports han song ryol , pyeongyang s deputy un ambassador said , analysts view the announcement on the u . s . s redeployment in korea as being aimed at a preemptive strike against the north , raising the potential for a second korean war .
the new indiana jones flick opens worldwide may , four days after its cannes premiere , giving the movie a similar global rollout that preceded blockbuster e . t .
one volunteer , yang hsiang , says that out of the dogs she s responsible for , more than a dozen are mutes , including four that were picked up together .
venezuelan president hugo chavez echoed this sentiment sunday on the sidelines of the summit , saying the empire of the dollar has to end .
the u . s . military death toll since the war began in stands at
lee myung bak s supposed date for a face to face chat with president george w . bush was thrown into question yesterday when the u . s .
the prince s status is currently being reviewed , the ministry of defense said .
sen . clinton may have said that attacks and distortions are the fun and exciting part of the campaign , but they re exactly what everyone else in america is tired of , burton said .
samana chakra is a new thatched roof bungalow resort on the northern end of the beach , owned by an ex marketing director from california and his wife , a peruvian yoga instructor .
national broadcaster srg turned back time on monday when it offered subtitles accompanying germany s national anthem that mistakenly included the deutschland , deutschland ueber alles lyrics , a first verse ignored since the fall of the third reich .
matt southam told the rye and battle observer .
japan holds the absolute speed record for a train , with its magnetically levitated maglev train that skims over a guideway on powerful magnetic fields without ever touching the track .
the flood level began to drop soon afterwards , prompted by a change in the direction of the wind .
for that we go live at the new york stock exchange with associated press correspondent warren levinson
in a statement released monday afternoon , obama and his sister said that dunham was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility .
however , it would take some time to bring out all the miners as only could be lifted out every hour through the adjacent ventilation shaft , she added .
within hours of last week s historic vote , his transition team rolled out change . gov , a web site that promises to be your source for the latest news , events and announcements so that you can follow the setting up of the obama administration .
telecommunications across asia have been severely disrupted because of damage to undersea cables caused by tuesday s earthquake near taiwan .
we believe that this is a bold demonstration of our commitment to our core and a reaffirmation of our coffee leadership , said chief executive howard schultz in a statement .
thousands are still missing , while an estimated , others are unable to return to their homes which were wiped out by the storm .
the children are the most affected because they re not going to school .
police identified the suspect as tetsuya shiroo , who was arrested on the spot .
foremost among the concerns is increased competition for agricultural land , which suzuki warned has already caused a rise in corn prices in the united states and mexico and could lead to food shortages in developing countries .
the party and party controlled organizations will also lose control of their businesses .
the woman who was initially sentenced in october to lashes had her sentenced increased to lashes and was ordered to serve six months in prison under saudi arabia s strict islamic law .
seeking to compete with google in the lucrative online advertising market , currently worth billion and expected to grow to billion within three years .
the quintet , who broke up in , announced they had reunited at a press conference in london in late june .
survivors told harrowing stories of being shot at by the guards despite presenting no threat .
samsung has a package deal to provide sprint with base stations , chipsets , handsets and consumer electronics such as multimedia players , in addition to being the primary infrastructure provider .
hundreds of houses have gone to the highest bidders at an auction of foreclosed homes in new york
lee , a former seoul mayor and hyundai executive currently facing investigation amid allegations of fraud , will take office in february .
he s a fantastic talent .
we ve got to have a political solution , begin a phased withdrawal , and make certain that we ve got benchmarks in place so that the iraqi people can make a determination about how they want to move forward .
on the agenda is the us designation of north korea as a terrorist state , as well as the possible lifting of sanctions against it .
and israeli government spokeswoman miri eisin said israel remains committed that there will not be a humanitarian crisis in gaza as a result of its action
we have confirmed that this will be a very tragic night when it is over , said minneapolis mayor r . t . rybak .
meanwhile , georgia gov . sonny perdue has declared a state of emergency in six counties .
chinese espionage activities in the united states are so extensive that they comprise the single greatest risk to the security of american technologies , the report said .
the lawyers had petitioned the court against his conviction .
in some past abductions , details given by nigerian authorities early on have later turned out to be inaccurate .
more than half of yellowstone national park s bison herd has died since last fall , forcing the government to suspend its annual slaughter program .
a small plane crashed into two homes tuesday in sanford , florida , near orlando , killing five people the pilot , his passenger , and an adult and two children inside the houses .
it is keen to curb its population growth , and the controversial family planning policy , implemented in the late s , is meant to limit urban couples to one child and rural families to two .
some debates about tax increases are underway in the political circles .
in new york , tens of thousands of demonstrators marched from broadway to washington square .
spanish police have arrested an italian man and a portuguese woman with possible links to madeleine mccann , the year old british girl who vanished nearly two months ago during a vacation in portugal , spanish government and police officials tell cnn .
the korea times reports the decision was made at an emergency meeting of government ministers chaired by prime minister goh kun .
security sources working for foreign firms in the southern delta said the militants blew up the apartment with explosives before kidnapping the six workers .
kuznetsova still stayed with ivanovic until the ninth game , when the serbian earned a break .
he also allegedly received . million won from four people who he promised to give franchising rights .
circuit city is closing of its stores by the end of the year .
we also saw madoff go to jail , which i think had a huge impact on confidence the psychology of the market .
gutierrez estimated that striking the two coins at costs well above their face value set the treasury and taxpayers back about million last year alone .
president robert mugabe is facing the most formidable challenge to his year rule from two opponents , including his former finance minister , simba makoni , who is running as an independent .
as the ban was announced , german officials said two geese had tested positive for the flu in initial checks .
cool temperatures and calmer winds allowed firefighters to contain the blaze at percent , according to los angeles fire department chief douglas barry .
archbishop rahho was kidnapped after leading prayers at the church of the holy spirit in mosul on february .
new research suggests smoking may be riskier to the lungs today than it was just a few decades ago
the exact cause of braxton s chest pain hasn t been made public .
obama said monday that he has asked his newly formed economic team to develop recommendations for his economic plan , which he outlined saturday , and to consult with congress , the current administration and the federal reserve on immediate economic developments over the next two months .
when he comes home these days , wu likes to wander around the baiyun guan or white cloud taoist temple .
the man , who prefers to go by just his first name of mohammed for now , learned of the captured soldier s location when he went to saddam hospital to see his wife , iman , who is a nurse .
about , people have died in the muslim majority south of thailand since an insurgency broke out in early .
i would have liked to keep this one quiet for a little while , but because of upcoming conventions and of course the need to keep my publishers informed , it seems to me unfair to withhold the news , says pratchett , who has a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction .
stewart cnbc could be an incredibly powerful tool of illumination .
taken by a subway surveillance camera that showed him accompanying the victim , according to the authorities .
although we have to examine the bridge before we come to a definite conclusion , there must have been a defect in the building of the bridge , said engineer mani ram gelal . a knot could have been loose .
president roh moo hyun yesterday slammed japan for its provocative rhetoric suggesting possible pre emptive strikes on north korea in the wake of the latest missile crisis .
s . korean scientists produced the first dog clones in the world .
more than , others have been injured , they said .
truckloads of police intervened , wielding batons and firing tear gas and live ammunition to clear the streets of protesters .
korean idol lee byung hun makes waves overseas
former u . s . president jimmy carter urged better health training and sanitation monday to help eradicate preventable diseases in africa .
the order also cited some details of an oct . report submitted by parenting coach lisa hacker about her observations of spears with her children .
the sahara is advancing into ghana and nigeria at the rate of , square kilometers per year .
i waited so long for this moment , nurse snezhana dimitrova said before falling into the arms of her loved ones , the associated press reported .
the faint object , dubbed sg , was the first celestial body to merit a rating higher than zero on the zero to torino scale of impact threats .
the clips in question include several racially charged statements and accusations the u . s . government has adopted policies to systematically oppress african americans .
the soyuz capsule docked automatically with the iss and simonyi and two russian cosmonauts entered the space station about minutes later .
it is in our strategic interest that we support democracy in our neighborhood , and it s in our strategic interest and our economic interest that the united states congress passes this free trade agreement with colombia , bush said in his speech from california .
wall street opened more than points lower on the housing news , but it s bounced back a bit since then and is currently off less than points .
the smoke that comes from the burning end of a cigarette , cigar or pipe and the smoke that is exhaled by the smoker .
buckingham palace said this is a police matter and they cannot comment further .
one of kazmierczak s advisers said that she enjoyed having him as a student and that he was a nice person he was a nice kid .
it is depressing to realize that a country organized on a religious basis with religious rule of law could and would execute its power for purposes which most countries would find intolerable and loathsome , doumar wrote in his ruling .
the president in a video that s up on the website nearly , people already have suggested questions .
about a foot of snow had fallen in parts of chicago and ann arbor , michigan , with inches in vermont .
the won gained sharply against the u . s . dollar monday on the seoul currency market , with the won dollar rate closing down . won at . won per dollar .
but it was only for the people who had previous experience with the internet .
efforts are under way to continue talks aimed at persuading north korea to scrap its nuclear weapons program .
family spokesman adam handelsman referred calls to another spokesman , who did not immediately respond friday night .
in the meantime , he says the dogs , which are all named ruppy , are doing well .
prince harry , , graduated this year from britain s elite sandhust military academy after training to become an army officer .
another man was quoted as saying he saw two people die from severe beatings at yangon city hall .
the independent body found that lee had . trillion won hidden in bank accounts under other people s names and charged him with evading . billion won in taxes .
wen on tuesday called the dalai lama s renunciations nothing but lies .
barack obama had a formidable online presence during his quest for the white house , and he is once again turning to the internet to communicate with the american public as president elect .
the cuban government did not immediately respond to the accusations .
quoting a police report , spanish reporters said a british school and two jewish centers were also targets .
he said he will meet thursday with white house chief of staff josh bolton and senate majority leader harry reid to see if we can t work something out that is mutually agreeable .
more recently , nelson and his second wife they married in spent a lot of time traveling .
the jet clipped the top of a pine tree during a sharp turn at the end of the team s aerial exhibition , a military source said . the crash sent a plume of smoke into the sky , which the five other jets in the formation then circled .
even as the waters crept up monday , laborers were carrying out last minute demolition work on lighthouses and other tall buildings due to be engulfed , tearing them down so they won t be a hidden danger to ships .
each foot wide , pound ball can roll up to miles , snap photos at any angle , and take soil samples , drawing its power from the solar panels on its shell .
the first to go were among the foreign employees of abb lummus global inc . , a houston based oil contractor whose offices were attacked saturday by four gunmen trying to encourage saudis to join the resistance against the u . s . occupation of iraq .
in an anomaly , australia s main stock index gained percent , or . points , to close at , . .
iraq and other security issues are expected to dominate cheney s visit and talks with prime minister john howard , who is under increasing political pressure to set an exit strategy for australia s , troops in and around iraq .
do not travel with wrapped packages .
this incident is the latest in a series of accidents involving china airlines .
parents and grandparents will read the names of victims at ground zero saturday morning and the tribute in light will again shine at sundown .
latches fastened the shuttle and orbiting space lab together at p . m . edt .
her work with the mamiraua institute in brazil shows how shoal sizes increase in relation to predation risk , especially when water levels in the amazon basin are low , giving piranhas less room to escape attack .
dirty dancing star patrick swayze is in a los angeles hospital with pneumonia .
like the , seat national stadium the bird s nest , which will be completed in march both are seen as works of art and will anchor the olympic green area .
however , in captivity , the bear won t need to fend off a grim winter .
he continued the successful directing style with snatch and revolver , but he bombed with swept away in , which featured his wife .
telson electronics , one of the big cell phone makers , announced monday it had applied for court mediation to creditors to suspend its debts .
i want the readers who have , in many instances , grown up with harry , to embark on the last adventure they will share with him without knowing where they are they going .
the korea times reports the nine member panel unanimously ruled two clauses of article of the security law , which prohibits south koreans from praising the north korean regime and carrying materials , which may benefit the communist country , are not against the constitution .
it wasn t clear how many people were stationed on the island , which is used for naval control and observation because large cargo ships pass nearby .
i didn t play well at all , at all , said the year old , who has been bothered by a sore left thumb and was playing in her first match since losing in the wimbledon quarter finals to justine henin .
according to court documents , the problem began in may when pearson became a judge and brought several suits for alterations to custom cleaners in washington .
a penny saved is not necessarily just a penny earned .
within minutes , the squawk of air raid sirens filled the air and the second attack was under way .
a commercial helicopter has been shot down by a missile attack near baghdad .
disney cruise spokesman jason lasecki says the company plans to keep the show exclusively for its cruise passengers .
they were the most popular form of entertainment in america , he said .
authorities say there was no evidence drugs were involved .
cnn the number of illnesses attributed to salmonella tainted tomatoes jumped to , the centers for disease control and prevention reported thursday .
washington cnn the justice department is giving britain s largest airline a break , even as it faces one the largest antitrust fines in years .
a story featured on the front page of the roswell daily record claimed a flying saucer was captured the paper is now reproduced and sold to tourists . other news agencies picked up on the event albeit in a cursory fashion .
although it was quickly over , the incident recalled the attempt on the life of benedict s predecessor john paul ii on may , , also in st . peter s square . turkish assailant ali agca shot and seriously wounded the polish pope as he was leaving the square following a general audience .
blagojevich has shown no sign of resigning and could go ahead and name himself or anyone else to barack obama s old seat .
all the resources over the last nine and a half years have not got us anywhere .
andrew stevens , a cnn anchor who was staying at the taj with a cnn crew , estimated about half the hotel s guests were westerners .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
she was an actress , author , producer , advocate for peace and nonviolence , who was known and loved for her motivational and inspirational contributions to society , the king family said in a statement .
but any decision about releasing her body for burial isn t likely until next week at the earliest .
new york times columnist and princeton scholar paul krugman is the nobel has won the nobel , rather for economics .
rice played down sightings of a mushroom cloud .
daejeon , about kilometers south of seoul , saw centimeters of snow on friday , its highest level since records began in . this came a day after seoul saw centimeters , its heaviest level for march in almost a century .
iraq s parliament speaker says he s resigning after legislators argued over the shoe thrower .
now i have won my second masters series title and it s crazy for me .
unlike other primates , the pygmy tarsier endemic to a specific area of indonesia
chinese vice foreign minister li zhaoxing has summoned the u . s . ambassador to express beijing s strong indignation and resolute opposition to what it perceives as growing american support for taiwan .
about , people either died or are still missing since the cyclone struck .
in omaha , neb . , a year old woman was knocked to the ground when hundreds of people rushed the doors at the early morning opening of the nebraska furniture mart .
we have agreed that we need to give this process another few days , hill said , adding that pyongyang should call back international atomic energy agency inspectors . under a february
mccain , the ranking republican on the senate armed services committee , complained that rumsfeld never put enough troops on the ground to succeed in iraq .
video of sunday s rally showed rows of police in full riot gear , armed with batons , advancing behind metal shields .
suffice it to say that eating peanut butter or peanuts has been associated with lower total cholesterol , lower ldl or bad cholesterol , and lower triglycerides , all of which are associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk , says richard mattes , ph . d . , r . d . , a professor of nutrition at purdue university .
iran said sunday it is seeking bids for the building of two more nuclear power plants , despite international pressures to curb its controversial program .
gazprom accuses the ukrainian company of stealing gas and missing payments .
stanley , who revealed the identity of the mysterious new mineral , discovered the match after searching the internet for its chemical formula sodium lithium boron silicate hydroxide .
it will be their final encounter before next week s crucial primaries in ohio and texas .
federal bureau of investigation arrested kim on charges of espionage .
the us justice department said samsung and its us subsidiary would enter a guilty plea at the us district court in san francisco on thursday .
but if the mariners really want to shake things up , they should seriously consider trading ichiro , the international icon who has three tools that are among the best in baseball
the announcement from the terror group s media arm came only days after bin laden appeared in his first video in three years , giving an address to the american people , lecturing them to abandon capitalism and democracy and convert to islam .
and a sharp drop in oil prices for a second day eased worries that high energy costs might squeeze consumers going into the holiday season .
the landing on the red planet s arctic plains which ended a day journey was right on target , a feat nasa s ed weiler compared to landing a hole in one with a golf ball from , miles .
conservationists in parks such as the masai mara say they rely on tourism to keep the parks up and running .
i hope the new president will lift us out of the crisis , said rogerio dos santos , a year old farmer waiting to cast his ballot .
gates , the microsoft founder and perennial no . , had a net worth estimated to be at least billion , the magazine said .
the government estimated death toll rose thursday to around , but could eventually top , , xinhua reported .
weapons dealers in much of the united states are reporting sharply higher sales since barack obama won the presidency a week ago .
we assessed the situation and felt that we could not secure the torch and protect the protesters and supp orters to the degree that we wished .
ramos horta was in surgery at an australian military hospital in dili and was to be flown to a military hospital in darwin in australia s northern territory .
cnn a person shot people thursday at northern illinois university s dekalb campus outside chicago , then fatally shot himself , the school said , citing police .
myanmar s pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi under house arrest for of the last years met with the country s newly appointed liaison officer thursday , myanmar s state run television reported .
beyond the near collapse of the icelandic economy , alcoa has reacted to the global economic slowdown by cutting back on aluminum production around the world .
in , bruhn helped found swedish company rotundus , whose earth based groundbot is now test patrolling a harbor in stockholm .
this is someone who sees america as imperfect enough to work with a former domestic terrorist who had targeted his own country .
a u . s . embassy statement said feltman canceled a farewell ceremony that he was to host tuesday night out of respect to the victims of today s terrorist explosion .
south korea is now considering two other towns in the northern kurdish region of iraq , sulaimaniyah and irbil .
he describes his sculptures as an artistic exploration of how groups of people and individuals relate to one another .
five soldiers were killed in the insurgent attack on the patrol of seven americans and their iraqi interpreter near the town of mahmudiya .
the supreme court , which handles citizens property registration documents , temporarily closed its online registry services effective yesterday morning in response to indications that government transcripts can be easily altered and forged online .
a goth who leads his girlfriend around with a dog leash and collar was stopped from getting on a bus amid fears for passenger safety , a uk bus firm has confirmed .
the , member gdl train drivers union began the strike wednesday , demanding deutsche bahn give them a separate wage deal from the other two train unions and a pay rise of percent .
women , they say , are more likely to have crises because they have different clocks that force them to make important decisions at different times than men .
move over barney , new dog moving into white house
voting in the parliament tuesday .
i don t think that any of us are done with mr . nifong yet , said jim cooney , seligmann s attorney .
some questions have been raised , though , about his lack of experience in intelligence matters .
the macho s massive gravity acts like a lens to magnify the light from the distant star and reveal that something is out there .
because metabolic systems vary between species , a drug that may alleviate pain in humans can easily induce a toxic reaction in a dog or cat .
still missing are degas count lepic and his daughters and cezanne s boy in a red vest .
cayenne , french guiana cnn a european rocket lifted off from french guiana early sunday on a mission to bring oxygen , food , water and equipment to the international space station .
dedi rinyadi works for the natural resources conservation agency . rinyadi says thousands of the long tailed macaques went searching for sustenance wednesday in several villages of central java province .
the other three men were believed to be linked to a suicide bomber who blew himself up in a casablanca internet cafe last month , as police tried to arrest him .
the move is a highly symbolic one marking a definitive break from policies of previous administrations , correspondents say .
annan met with leaders of both sides monday to implore them to come to an agreement .
about people rangers and their families fled the park itself on monday after skirmishes first broke out there .
the jews are the invisible force that controls the u . s . , rhie , a professor of visual arts at duksung women s university in seoul , told the associated press . i wrote the chapter to let people know that you can t understand the u . s . without knowing the jewish community .
prosecutors said the women were subjected to repeated psychological and physical abuse and were forced to work hours or more a day .
but the boxy structure is really a theater next to a busy interstate highway in texas .
nikolic was an ally of former yugoslav strongman slobodan milosevic , and he supports closer ties with russia , serbia s historical ally .
the agent , who recently turned himself in to the south korean authorities , had been ordered to gather information on seoul s handling of defectors .
the advisory recommended not eating shark , swordfish , king mackerel or tilefish , and advised not eating the same type of fish and shellfish more than once a week .
there are , u . s . soldiers based in south korea , and seoul keeps close ties with the united states , though washington tends to take a tougher line on north korea .
mexico and the european union signed an ambitious free trade agreement , which will give eu companies more access to a major latin american market and reduce mexican dependence on the united states .
little miss sunshine , because of its broad based popularity , may be one of the few nominees to draw attention to this year s awards show .
but not for everybody .
defense lawyers argued that the men members of the so called bali nine deserved leniency because they were young and were not repeat offenders .
talabani is in stable condition , and we hope he will come back to this country in a safe and healthy way , the statement said .
the minutes of footage , reportedly shot in a hotel room about years ago , features hendrix or someone who looks like him engaged in various sexual acts with two women .
the games developer , san francisco based posit science , will track the total number of hours these drivers play .
we don t know yet exactly how many . . . more than , said emmanuel ijewere , the president of the nigerian red cross .
uefa had already launched an investigation into scottish club celtic after a fan of the glasgow club ran onto the pitch to confront dida in the dying moments of their victory over the european champions at parkhead on wednesday .
brown , often described as dour , now has six weeks of hustings events to put over his message without interruptions from party rivals .
the year old friendship with the balkan country began in when the two countries first opened diplomatic relations .
the local guys , the guys who belong to the union that represent the broadway stagehands , their leadership rebelled against that deal , and i m hearing that there s a split in the union , riedel told cnn radio .
in his book view from the summit , hillary finally broke his long public silence about whether it was he or norgay who was the first man to step atop everest .
snoop dogg , a former los angeles gang member who was arrested during a fight at london s heathrow airport last year .
the court now has only one female justice , and it has never had a hispanic judge .
american idol is back for an th season .
not as pornography or as a crime , but with happiness and caring .
a third suicide bomber exploded outside a house being used by an advertising agency in a residential area known as model town , killing at least four people .
the pictures came to light in , when norwegian authorities discovered them in the possession of a man they arrested .
strel s health worsened thursday evening , as he struggled with dizziness , vertigo , high blood pressure , diarrhea , nausea and delirium , his web site said .
.
take cat naps when you need to
a u . s . military spokesman said the operation would be countrywide , though it is clear al qaeda in iraq is attempting to regain strength and establish new support areas in northern iraq .
or , they could stay where they are and work for large scale farms .
rumors swept the european media in september that lufthansa technik , a subsidiary of deutsche lufthansa ag , had received an order for a vip configured a from russian billionaire roman abramovich .
their tale began innocently enough as childhood sweethearts in shanghai , where their well to do families were bound by business ties .
the development prompted president gen . pervez musharraf and prime minister shaukat aziz to congratulate the scientists and engineers involved in the project .
the shermans want a jury trial and million in damages .
the charge carries a maximum penalty of years in prison .
there s little doubt the orchestra for peace will continue , so long as charles kaye keeps picking up the phone .
thousands of burmese risk the trip to thailand in the hope of better wages .
the environment shown is similar to that on releases made before the september , , terror attacks , in which bin laden is seen in the company of some of the hijackers , nasr said .
says percent of the , clients it has helped are state funded students .
and a sharp drop in oil prices for a second day eased worries that high energy costs might squeeze consumers going into the holiday season .
christmas in fallujah went on sale tuesday on apple inc . s itunes .
if they do not meet our demands there will be no release for that detainee and if things become more difficult . . . then we would seek god s satisfaction by slaughtering this journalist , said the spokesman , identified as abu khatab .
officials have unveiled ambitious development plans for tibet , xinjiang and other remote , impoverished areas , many of them populated by restive ethnic minorities .
the horses were caught in a nearby park and the llama at a cemetery , police said .
the nation organization of petroleum exporting countries said it would maintain current production levels because crude supplies are plentiful and demand is expected to weaken in the second quarter .
i can t tell you , he said . i know what i want it to be , but fox has some ideas of their own .
satellite radio listeners are getting a fresh ear full starting today .
clinton was under pressure to score wins in the two biggest states , ohio and texas , to keep her white house hopes alive and prolong the hotly contested democratic campaign with obama .
and unless your houseguests are conscientious pet owners themselves , chances are they aren t aware that they may be creating a toxic environment for your pet .
san diego , california cnn a quarter million people fled their homes amid wildfires that had burned , acres around san diego county , officials said monday .
his latest book , the castle in the forest , was published this year .
a good samaritan killed in a new jersey church shooting saves another life .
in washington , house speaker nancy pelosi led a moment of silence in redecker s honor , saying she and other house members had planned to meet with redecker at the u . s . capitol .
the lake is a short train ride from anchorage and you get to walk on the glacier .
lal said four doctors as well as nurses , medical technicians and others were involved in the scheme , working out of a house in gurgaon with an operating theater .
turkish troops backed by air support attacked kurdish rebels thursday in northern iraq , the turkish military said .
toni braxton won t return to the stage on the las vegas strip until at least next month .
the attack , possibly a suicide bomb , at the house of amir muqam , minister for political affairs in peshawar , northwestern pakistan killed four people friday , police told cnn . the minister escaped unharmed .
they could be playing softball .
our government condemns any type of terrorist acts , the statement said .
more than , north koreans flee to the south every year , usually through chinese territory .
in his weekly radio address , bush called on the people to go to the polls as an example for emerging democracies around the world
u . s . officials said the government also offered north korea three months to start dismantling its programs .
not long after you cross the little bridge leading over bayou petite anse little cove in the cajun french spoken in these parts whiffs of the spicy fragrance of tabasco pepper drift through the air .
we do not want to kill the people and drown the country in blood , and we welcome every step that brings a setback for militias or terrorists and a desire to join the political process so we can minimize the losses and blood , he said .
none of the city s historical sites has been destroyed , she said .
lee s transition team announced tuesday that the head of its grand canal task force team met with the heads of five domestic construction companies last month to discuss the project .
according to a media research opinion poll for the hankook ilbo , a sister paper of the korea times , lee topped the list of potential gnp presidential candidates with . percent .
i want you to understand there is nothing that i welcome more than a good debate .
paris , france cnn interpol has launched a global appeal to identify a man who is pictured sexually abusing young boys in hundreds of images on the internet .
the blast of the air raid sirens resumed once again later , but there was no further attack .
in the maldives itself , at least people were killed and unaccounted for from a population just over , , according to the maldives disaster management center .
it is not clear when the tape was made .
a national survey conducted recently by country music television found that percent of respondents thought women should have been included in this year s entertainer category , with carrie underwood and faith hill the two favorites .
myanmar s government has said than shwe is willing to meet with suu kyi personally if she gives up her confrontational attitude and renounces support for sanctions against the military regime .
after visiting the hospital on sunday del nido said despite the severity of the situation his situation appears to be evolving favorably and the doctors are becoming more optimistic .
pollsters questioned , saudi adults in arabic between november and december , according to the group .
the bomber also died in the attack , which happened between p . m . and p . m . local time gmt , et , police said .
but now they face an unwelcome blast of fresh air
after a closed hearing monday , gordon ordered spears , , to undergo random drug tests twice a week .
researchers using carbon dating techniques at khirbat en nahas in southern jordan discovered that copper production took place there around the time king solomon is said to have ruled the israelites .
on an image cm to cm in diagonal , from cm to cm away , in x pixel resolution .
the tech heavy nasdaq composite up . to , . , charts gained over percent and closed at a fresh year high .
funds must be found and steps taken to restore some sense of normal life for children numbed and hardened by their war experiences .
pope benedict went to the predominantly muslim country despite strained relations between the vatican and the islamic world following a lecture the pope gave at a german university in which he made unflattering comments about the islamic faith .
he lost the case and the judge branded him an active holocaust denier .
the u . s . appointed judge told an iraqi radio station that chalabi is wanted in connection with allegations of counterfeiting money .
presidential candidates of the main opposition grand national party gnp sunday urged president roh moo hyun to maintain neutrality in the presidential election and threatened to take legal action for the alleged violation of election laws .
the girl died during the frankfurt to new york leg of the trip , and the plane was redirected to ireland , landing there about p . m . , garda said .
people will sleep in peace , kuchma said during a ceremony to commemorate the shutdown .
that means when you feel happy , a friend of a friend of a friend has a slightly higher likelihood of feeling happy too .
our time has come , our movement is real and change is coming to america , obama said tuesday .
beirut , lebanon cnn a car bomb struck a u . s . embassy vehicle tuesday as it traveled along a coastal highway north of beirut , killing at least three lebanese civilian bystanders , according to american and lebanese officials .
which president bush said he d spoken about with obama before it was announced .
the us said their ships were about to open fire when the iranian boats withdrew .
iraq , north korea on agenda
the year old was found dead in the flat at around pm local time .
in a chairman s statement they adopted at the end of the asia pacific economic cooperation apec summit , they expressed strong concerns about pyongyang s nuclear test on oct .
as of tuesday , of fasting detainees at guantanamo were being fed liquid meals through flexible tubes inserted through their noses and throats , said guantanamo spokesman navy cmdr . rick haupt . the strikers are protesting conditions at the camp and their open ended confinement .
federer had been the overwhelming favorite to win his third masters crown in canada in as many appearances but instead suffered his first defeat in five meetings against djokovic after producing unforced errors .
tokyo , japan cnn ten japanese were sickened , including a child who fell into a coma , after eating chinese made dumplings contaminated with insecticide , police and health officials said wednesday .
but he added i believe quite strongly that it is not inappropriate for a pastor of the church of england to discuss the perceived concerns of other religious communities and try to bring them into better public focus .
the bank of japan has looked for a rise in consumer prices as a sign the country has fully emerged from years of deflation .
the games are not all specific to driving .
people will no longer buy conflict diamonds nor will miners invest the billions of dollars needed to extract them , he said .
their movement on the ball was very good and it shows you much japanese football has improved .
hundreds of sunni and shiite protesters peacefully took to the streets in basra .
the report also found african american men are more likely to die from heart disease at a young age than are men of other racial groups .
patrick chinamasa , zimbabwe s justice minister , denied the mdc s allegations of intimidation and said tsvangirai was dropping out to avoid a humiliating defeat .
even if all the leaders have sacrificed the palestinian issue in its entirety , we are not relieved of the responsibility . each one of us is responsible for the death of our people in gaza .
the landscape is riddled with rat burrows , rat trails , rat droppings and chewed vegetation .
then a stop at home in chicago for a few hours before a rally in indiana .
vice president dick cheney said on nbc s meet the press , if it s going to be tomorrow or next week or next year .
sen . john mccain on monday rejected a big government takeover of the health care system , saying he wants to empower families to make more medical decisions .
hugh jackman says he s heartbroken that his new movie , x men origins
afghan officials have also privately confirmed to the bbc that sophisticated chinese weapons are now in the hands of the taliban .
after holding to love , nalbandian reached nadal s overhead smash for a crosscourt winner and the set .
president bush said he will visit the storm ravaged areas saturday with a heavy heart , according to ap .
the incident comes as authorities in nepal tighten security on mount everest in advance of the scheduled arrival of the olympic torch in early may .
man yi struck the southern islands of kyushu and shikoku on saturday and is moving up the eastern coast .
president bush today predicted that , in the end , something will be done .
the latest opinion polls come in the wake of the iowa caucuses , in which sen clinton came an unexpected third , and televised debates in new hampshire between both republican and democratic candidates on saturday .
voters got to look at both of us , consider both of us . i was outspent three to one , and the results were just enormously exciting and gratifying to me , she added .
markoff , of course , is suspected of killing a woman a masseuse he met through craigslist .
singapore uses various methods and technologies for treatment and disposal of toxic wastes
other london area airports handled extra flights while heathrow capacity was reduced .
and lay there for more than an hour as employees ignored her , according to the new york civil liberties union , which on tuesday released surveillance camera video of the incident .
the economy is far from the downward spiral it took during the asian financial crisis , but economists warn that its rebound could be undercut if pyongyang adds to the two atom bombs it is believed to already possess .
rice and abbas held their first meeting since the islamic militant hamas and abbas more moderate fatah party formed a coalition government last week .
but addictive or not , too much time spent playing video games takes away from other important activities .
by slashing the sunlight that reaches the ground by to percent , the choking smog has also altered the region s climate , cooling the ground while heating the atmosphere , scientists said .
i think that we re going to see that that is the peak or very close to it , said michael lynch , president of strategic energy economic research inc . in winchester , mass .
the dow jones industrial average up . to , . , charts gained nearly . percent after briefly hitting an intraday record of , . .
barack obama gave the jolly old elf a shout out the other day
north korea has agreed to a december deadline to disable a key nuclear facility that produced materials for nuclear weapons .
china sentenced the former head of the state food and drug administration to death for corruption , state media reported on tuesday , in an unusually harsh sentence which could be reduced on appeal .
speaking from amman , jordan , allawi told late edition with wolf blitzer , that al maliki leads a government loyal to iran and shiite interests .
right now , about an hour and a half into trading , the dow is up just .
a member of the jury said jurors who deliberated for days believed that the bush administration sacrificed libby to take heat off other officials .
monks shouted support for detained democracy leader aung san suu kyi , while the crowd of , protected them by forming a human chain along the route .
i take this decision without the least bit of regrets .
these were improper , illegal heinous and despicable acts and it was done apparently in an organized and conspiratorial fashion .
the international federation of the red cross and the vietnamese government estimated that about million vietnamese had been affected by typhoon lekima , said joe lowry , a red cross official from ninh binh .
this is an important milestone in the opening of china s financial markets , fok said .
n djamena , chad cnn six french aid workers convicted of plotting to kidnap african children for adoption in europe have been released from prison following their pardon by chad s president , according to the french justice ministry .
according to the internet based voluntary agency network of korea vank , the cia began marking dokdo , or takeshima in japanese , as the liancourt rocks on its country report in , titling toward japan s position that no state has sovereignty over the islets .
the market hasn t moved much higher since it rose nearly june th and th , but there hasn t been a corrective sell off either .
defense officials said the flight had been authorized .
samsung unveils world s first gb nand flash memory chip .
he pointed to a classic psychology study that found attachment and affection were more dependent on hugs and cuddles that happen to be physically warm than on merely ensuring a baby is fed .
yet in the end , we ve always managed to adapt to the economic forces around us .
venezuela rejects the charges , saying it is the victim of traffickers .
sources in washington said south korean civic groups opposed to a free trade agreement between south korea and the united states are planning to stage a protest rally near the venue of negotiations , scheduled next month in washington .
the dow is now down point .
although women were considered to bring bad luck at sea , mariners always use the pronoun she when referring to their ships .
john mccain is no rookie when it comes to saturday night live .
despite their victory in parliamentary elections last month , a coalition led by musharraf s party still has a considerable number of seats in the senate .
korea and singapore sealed a free trade agreement yesterday that covers nine broad areas , including electronics , finance and intellectual property rights .
washington cnn an animal rights group is offering million to any scientist who can create lab grown meat that is commercially viable and indistinguishable in taste from the real thing .
neighbors there said that another doctor is also part of the investigation .
the foundation , which is affiliated with the ministry of education and human resources development , took over research personnel and research results of the koguryo foundation , which was originally set up to tackle china s attempt to usurp korea s koguryo kingdom b . c .
one ace was . mph , breaking the dubai serve record he set a day earlier . i knew i was going to hit it well , from the first point .
but he cautioned that officials won t have much detail on where or when it will crash until it begins to move through the atmosphere and break up .
entertainment tv shows and web sites reported friday that she had gone in and out of rehab that week .
the relay will also go through the region of tibet , which china has ruled since the s , and is likely to be one of the main focuses of demonstrations when the olympic flame passes through countries outside china .
success has not been limited to new york and london .
cho never wrote about guns , roy said , or killing people but his writing was disturbing enough that she went to police and other university officials to seek help .
witnesses said two protesters were shot dead by somali soldiers who were guarding buildings that were attacked by demonstrators .
tissue samples from each animal are stored in small plastic vials , which are submerged and frozen in liquid nitrogen .
prosecutors say pichushkin befriended many of his victims in bitsevsky park by inviting them to drink vodka with him , then bludgeoned them to death with a hammer .
north korea now has announced plans to resume work on its megawatt mw graphite moderated reactor at yongbyon , and a mw graphite reactor at taechon .
and in florida , where he did not campaign this primary season and lost an unsanctioned democratic contest , he leads mccain to percent .
typically you ll get a terrific view from the air and then land on the glacier .
but the victory gives sarkozy enough room to start pushing his reforms through parliament .
twenty three people were injured in the attack .
we will see at anfield . . . we need to score one goal and see what happens .
preparations to protect life and property should have already been completed , forecasters said .
he is due in federal court in washington this hour to be sentenced after pleading guilty to misleading congress about performance enhancing drugs in baseball .
the debate , taking place at hofstra university in hempstead , new york , comes as obama continues to make gains in the polls .
there were about , people in the building when the shooting erupted .
the advisers will consider a new proposal to shut the center and transfer detainees to one or more defense department facilities , including the maximum security military prison at fort leavenworth in kansas , where they could face trial , said the officials .
five people were killed when the storm battered taiwan on saturday .
he said that although company officials are distressed that citizens in china have been imprisoned for expressing their political view on the internet , yahoo plans to keep offering services in china out of a belief the internet can promote change and transform lives in that country .
microsoft msft , fortune said saturday it would continue to provide standard warranty support for its hd dvd players .
mice and humans each have about , genes , yet only are unique to either organism .
for many she will be remembered best for her kiss with burt lancaster as waves crashed over them on a hawaiian beach in the wartime drama from here to eternity .
sarkozy is scheduled to start an official visit to egypt on monday , when he meets president hosni mubarak , the french embassy in cairo said .
costs , which are necessary to develop the energy sphere , are rising sharply , putin said . it means that despite the global financial crisis and price drop for energy resources , the era of cheap energy , including cheap gas , is coming to an end .
ms bhutto was being driven in a convoy through crowded streets from karachi airport to a rally to mark her homecoming after eight years in exile .
she said police wanted the court to jail the man for days and confiscate his car .
it said the no comment policy would continue .
israeli air attacks on militant targets earlier in the day killed another three palestinians .
he s the theater manager at an atlantic city casino .
the benchmark korea composite stock price index kospi gained . points , or . percent , to , . in the first minutes of trading .
the interior ministry said four people were wounded .
but can she overwhelm the famously talkative chairman of the foreign relations committee ?
and the negative attacks are not just occurring at campaign events and being reported by the media .
richmond , virginia cnn as an army surgeon in the middle east , dr . keith rose watched a colleague bleed to death when a truck in his convoy was hit with a rocket propelled grenade .
the charge , which specifies that the conspiracy began around the first of january and concluded at the start of this month , accused abdulla of conspiring with others to cause explosions of a nature likely to endanger life or cause serious injury to property in the united kingdom .
patrick s day , why did houston play a japanese children s workout song to wake up the space shuttle crew this morning ?
witnesses reported continued clashes throughout the day in basra even after sunday s announcements . but iraqi authorities said after al sadr s announcement they would lift an indefinite curfew that had been imposed on baghdad since thursday .
the government strongly condemns the international pirates activities that resulted in innocent sailors seized in high seas and held in captivity for a long time , the ministry said .
they have dug up the vegetable s original colour and will revert to the new hue for the first time in europe in five centuries .
if he s president for eight years , he ends up having the risk of disability or dying , like someone who is years older .
speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region a reference to rumors that the u . s . planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported .
individual counties are trapping mosquitoes and analyzing them .
distributors would have to service the product themselves and retailers would accommodate the product only if we used non ibm hardware , he says .
world markets down following obama victory
i grew up telling myself that there was a somewhere else which embodied my true homeland , he told the magazine .
after building up great libraries of copyrighted movies and shows , production companies usually make up for lean years by selling out to a new owner for a fabulous price .
syria has denied any role in the attacks , including the hariri assassination .
it had been feared that women and children might be among the casualties , but army spokesman maj gen waheed arshad said none had been found among the bodies .
the age difference between adoptive parents and child will be expanded from less than at present to under .
in recent months , pakistan has been besieged by a wave of suicide attacks that has claimed several hundred lives .
the military hasn t commented on the soldiers deaths .
in their statement , the families pleaded with the united states to be more actively involved and get more countries to cooperate in the negotiations to free the hostages .
but can you give me until summer to make a final decision
for park kang woo , policy director of the korean confederation of trade unions , the solution is clear
al maliki expressed his appreciation of the king s positions in support of iraq , its people and the elected government , and his aspiration to establish the best relations in the economic and trade fields in what will serve the best interests of the two fraternal nations and peoples , al maliki s office said .
we consider . . . having him weightless for seconds is a successful mission , said peter diamandis , the chairman and ceo of zero gravity . if we do more than one , fantastic .
chung s mottos are growth without discrimination and a peace economy as he will seek to power the economy through promoting peace on the korean peninsula .
the announcement came on the eve of a meeting between abbas and heads of hamas in mecca , saudi arabia , with the aim of forming a unity government for the palestinians .
so the exchange is causing a civilian casualty toll which is unspeakable .
somali forces are backed by ethiopian troops .
a study published wednesday in the journal of the american medical association estimates that mrsa infections occurred in nearly , americans in .
i really like this game , and i want to play a lot . i m going to take advantage of this card .
it is not at all what i intended to say , and i would absolutely apologize if any military families felt that in some ways it had diminished the enormous courage and sacrifice that they d shown .
just days before his arrest , karr a wanted man in the us who was once held on suspicion of possessing child pornography successfully applied for a job in a bangkok school , and had previously worked in two other schools in the city .
in a statement read by the couple s spokesman , clarence mitchell , outside the high court in london on wednesday , the mccanns said they were pleased that express newspapers have today admitted the utter falsity of the numerous grotesque and grossly defamatory allegations that their titles published .
more than were wounded , the state news agency reported .
as south korea promised to push for another summit that have long hindered reconciliation talks .
shares of bmw were up more than . percent to . euros . after the results were announced .
we felt we didn t need it , so we took it out . it feels sort of human and quirky , he said .
obviously , the administration would vehemently oppose and ultimately veto any legislation that looked like what was described today , said dan bartlett , white house counsel .
and though the president has not been implicated , south korean voters say kim must take the blame .
we are here for one reason and one reason only , to find out what happened so we can keep it from happening again , sumwalt said .
the raid comes at a sensitive time when the party is embroiled in an internal dispute over picking its standard bearer for the presidential election .
everyone over years old would be wise to investigate it because it increases the quality of your life .
us democratic candidate john kerry accused george w . bush of encouraging terrorist recruitment with policies that have made the world angry at the united states , a criticism that bush dismissed as a ridiculous notion . on the day that bush announced he would create a national intelligence czar and counterterrorism center to help prevent another terrorist attack , kerry said the self described war president was not acting fast enough to protect americans .
in a statement , the iaea said the team would be traveling to pyongyang in the week beginning on the of june .
in tuesday s other matches , claycourt specialist gaston gaudio beat mardy fish to set up an intriguing second round clash with third seed andy roddick .
that helped him shed about pounds kg , but he has appeared overweight in recent pictures .
the current loya jirga process began in december of last year .
as of now they are not allowed to operate anywhere in the republic of iraq .
katrina darrell was cut during the group round last night in american idol on fox .
in the statement , army of islam appears to link the detention of its members with the renewed threat to johnston s life , calling the detention a declaration of war .
neither candidate can capture the , delegates needed to secure the democratic nomination with wins in the remaining democratic contests , meaning the party s superdelegates will probably decide who gets the democratic nomination .
sanussi was arrested after police went to the house .
it wants manufacturers to be responsible for recycling and take back old machines when they sell new models .
john ging , head of the united nations relief and work agency in gaza , told cnn by phone from gaza that hospitals had switched off their heating systems to preserve power . ging said residents were living day to day .
soldiers and rescue workers on thursday recovered bodies from a bus buried in a landslide but held out little hope of finding survivors .
police fired tear gas to disperse the christiania protesters and arrested people , all danes .
enormous planning went into the incident . the terrorists were dropped by a mother ship and traveled in rubber boats which they docked at mumbai .
clean tennis means not a lot of unforced errors and i was pretty well putting the ball where i wanted it .
the deal has already been approved by the federal reserve and other regulators , according to the statement .
diamond mountain also serves as a billboard for the personality cult that has dominated the isolated country for half a century .
court documents say all sides agree if the jewelry is needed as evidence , it can be represented in photographs .
after that , he said , the stimulus package and other steps china has taken to boost the financial sector should boost employment , according to xinhua .
the . million square foot venetian twice the size of the las vegas original is the largest building in asia and the second largest in the world .
okay , thanks a lot , rita .
the lg stocks were the last of the investment that the dubai based private investment fund made here .
over the weekend , a u . n . committee decided to call on nations to ban all forms of human cloning incompatible with respecting human dignity and protecting human life under apparent pressure from the bush administration .
the four of them flew away in a two person apache , with two in the cockpit and two others clinging to the outside of the chopper .
after reaching an accord with the united states earlier this year , seoul has held four rounds of negotiations with brussels on a free trade agreement that could provide asia s third largest economy with a commercial bridge to europe .
he did it quickly , leading off the second inning .
cho s package contained , words of text and photos , of them showing cho aiming handguns at the camera .
the ontario based company recalled million cans of wet pet food on march after the chemical melamine , which can be toxic in high doses , showed up in federal testing of some of the cat and dog food . details on recall
a senior government official on monday rejected a call from pakistan opposition leader benazir bhutto for u . s . and british experts to help investigate the suicide attack on her homecoming procession from overseas exile .
universities have reacted with consternation to a government plan capping the number of students for graduate law schools .
nai yin xue had been sought by authorities in three countries since september , when a small girl was found abandoned at a melbourne , australia , train station .
it was never our intention to offend anyone in the making of this game , and we would like to apologize unreservedly to them for causing that offense , and to all parts of the wider community who we might also have offended , sony computer entertainment europe president david a . reeves said in the apology .
i don t yet know what i might do as first lady , but i know how i will do it seriously , she said .
pakistani officials say thousands of people have fled fighting in pakistan s swat valley in recent days , many of them packed into hastily erected camps supported by the un and the authorities .
jung said he would not move or increase the number of german troops , who are currently based in the north .
the technology is just a vehicle to adapt to how people spend their time , and to be a part of that experience , says david rosenberg , director of emerging media for veteran advertising giant jwt .
until september , , the syrian regime was building a covert nuclear reactor in its eastern desert capable of producing plutonium , the statement said .
schilling , who hasn t pitched this season , decided last week to have the operation after the rehabilitation the team preferred didn t relieve the pain he felt when throwing from a mound at far below maximum effort .
it is less clear whether north korea had provided or was about to provide essential fuel components to syria , according to the source .
supporters say the auction will provide cash for elephant conservation . opponents say it will stimulate the demand for ivory .
but lee would have to risk breaking up the party by openly challenging the leader .
the airport operator , baa , said its staff had identified the problem and were considering how to solve it without creating further disruptions .
mccartney confirmed he still owned the master tapes , adding that he suspected the time has come for it to get its moment , the observer reported . i like it because it s the beatles free , going off piste , mccartney said .
now the ap s sadine ganawalah reports that police are questioning two people in that case
earlier she told cnn s brooke anderson that she would feel wonderful whether or not she wins .
more than people are dead , and some injured in kenya , after an overturned gasoline tanker exploded .
palestinian medical and security sources said the children ages , , and were killed when three shells hit their house in beit hanoun , a city in northern gaza .
two army pilots in a ah apache helicopter braving insurgent fire came to assist them .
delegates met on wednesday morning at the japanese embassy , but then cancelled an afternoon session at the north korean embassy .
a majority a vast majority have voted for me and therefore that result is the result .
of those , percent said they did not want to view the images and had not sought them out , university of new hampshire researchers found .
nashville , tennessee cnn if the country music association was going to set up a special dressing room for its entertainer of the year nominees , it would do well to put in a couple of leather couches , a box of cigars , espn on the tube and a sign on the door proclaiming , men only .
the polls indicate his party may be set to rule without a coalition partner for the first time in years .
indonesia s supreme court accepted the arguments and overturned its own decision to mete out the death penalty .
the us and uk have hailed news that abu musab al zarqawi , leader of al qaeda in iraq , has died in a us air strike .
dr . rustam pakaya , from the health ministry s crisis center , said nearly , people had been forced from their homes .
the international association of athletics federation iaaf on tuesday selected the south korean city of daegu as host for the world championships .
previously , the british had handed over two other bases to the iraqis .
people used a variety of names for hotels .
i think it can help all of us to have a destination in mind , rice said , but acknowledged that direct negotiations between the sides are unlikely in the current climate .
if you re flying from australia to new zealand less than three hours and you don t have a window seat , try to swap for one . beg if you must .
and who could forget how they were cruelly robbed by a th minute penalty against eventual tournament champion italy in the round of ?
the presidential committee on administrative capital relocation on wednesday announced the scale of the relocation of agencies to the planned new administrative capital along with a basic plan .
her nomination , after it is formally announced , needs to be confirmed by the senate foreign relations committee .
understanding how this system works could make it possible to develop a drug to manipulate this system .
more protests , however , followed later as the torch relay began .
a statement on the web site of media molecule , the game s uk based developer , said the company was shellshocked and gutted by the delay .
it is sad to see them walking with traffic going past , said shree bhagwan , a senior official in the maharashtra state forestry department . the ban , india s first , took effect last week , bhagwan said .
how did the financial crisis affect the race ?
on saturday , he said , he did as much business as he would normally do in a week .

the ap s bob ehler reports most of the auto dealers meeting in new orleans are trying to find ways to stay in business
there is a whole series of new implications .
hundreds of iranians living near the sea of oman were evacuated , but iranian officials said the storm was unlikely to threaten the country s oil platforms and installations in the persian gulf because they are located far from its path .
police have yet to determine whether they were mall employees or customers .
rinku singh and dinesh patel are the first baseball players from india to sign a professional baseball contract .
the launchings came despite recent , persistent international warnings against them .
if there were a boycott , thousands of dreams would be ruined , she said .
visitors can climb the foot lighthouse for a bird s eye view of the butterflies journey across lake michigan , or observe them resting in the surrounding cedar trees .
john , it s a double barreled , billion government bid to return some normalcy to the financial system .
they were released with a small group of adult penguins that had been nursed back to health after surviving an oil spill .
those talks will continue next week in new york when rice meets with her counterparts on the sidelines of the un general assembly , she said .
a brief statement issued by murphy s publicist said the year old star of dreamgirls and the beverly hills cop movies always has and will continue to honor his responsibilities as a father .
sheriff s deputies in harris county , texas , have been checking homes of sex offenders for halloween decorations and are ready to arrest violators .
the european commission opened two formal probes , the first move against the company since a court four months ago backed the eu in a long running legal battle over microsoft s actions in using its ubiquitous windows operating system to elbow into new software markets .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id deep in shari klages memory is an image of herself as a girl in new jersey , going into her parents bedroom , pulling a thick leather bound album from the top shelf of a closet and sitting down on the bed to leaf through it .
the supreme court ruled last month that sharif had the right to return to the country , but the government has urged him to honor the terms of an exile deal which , it says , bars him from coming back for another three years .
the figures to be pardoned will include those who were charged with providing kickbacks to politicians during presidential elections in and cooking financial statements .
it can be faster in the future because the solar electricity energy is a very , very small part of electricity generation , he says .
dili , east timor cnn the rebels jumped from two cars , firing machine guns as they stormed the compound of president jose ramos horta .
this is a little trickier .
they want afghanistan to release a group of prisoners and south korea to withdraw its non combat forces from afghanistan , which seoul already plans to do by the end of the year .
yea , that s right , while the men confer , john , laura bush will give michelle obama a tour of the white house residence headquarters .
his popularity has prompted a wave of calls by political allies for him to change his mind .
that s the short answer to the first question people ask when you say you ve been to australia .
using this method , marcy s team has discovered new planets orbiting other stars in the past year .
in the study , people were divided into the two groups , who were similar in age ranging from to years old , sex and educational achievement .
in addressing perceived threats posed by iran , rice said that the united states is pursing tough diplomacy .
yoo , who is still banned from returning to korea after allegedly dodging military enlistment , is releasing a special korean version of his album , due to the request of his fans .
the year old world star is the first korean singer to be named on the publication s almost two decade long annual list of celebrities worldwide who have performed exceptionally in their given fields .
he faces genocide charges for his role in a military campaign called operation anfal .
president susilo bambang yudhoyono will oversee the state funeral in a javanese royal burial ground near solo .
the round up which started saturday night continued monday morning with lawyers taken into custody saislabad , a city in punjab province .
he has scored seven goals in nine matches this campaign .
both teams are slated to go through a regular saturday walk through and team meetings , as the coaches try to keep the routine as close to a regular season game as possible .
obama forcefully shot that idea down .
presidential front runner lee myung bak is expected to get a boost monday as a former political heavyweight is poised to throw support behind lee who is under fire for alleged involvement in a financial scandal with the election less than three weeks away .
i always reserve the right for the president . . . to make sure that we are looking out for american interests , obama said . and if al qaeda is forming a base in iraq , then we will have to act in a way that secures the american homeland and our interests abroad .
change is coming to america !
the international olympic committee has the honor of announcing the nd olympic winter games in are awarded to the city of sochi .
the planet circles its sun every days and probably was formed by the same kind of event that caused the solar system .
but ohmynews s methods have raised concerns about the quality and objectivity of its reporting which , according to its own figures , is read by an estimated . million people daily .
sharif filed paperwork for his candidacy last week , although he had left open the possibility that he would boycott the election in protest of a state of emergency imposed by president pervez musharraf .
these days in russia , bodyguards have become as unremarkable as the occasional disappearances of boris yeltsin .
i think there s a very good possibility it will reach the coast before it s finished , metcalf said of one of the fiercest blazes .
new york cnn think you re smarter than a fifth grader ?
coast of west africa , according to the spanish foreign ministry .
equalization policy for high schools should be introduced , urges snu president .
it was a historic occasion , the first time in the history of the republic that a president has got married in office , as lebel said .
but there will be some sense of fashion involved . i would like something futuristic if i was going up into space .
winehouse entered rehab last year .
north korea will take part in the six party denuclearization talks in early november as scheduled , the north s korean central news agency kcna reported on monday .
three opposition parties are bringing the motion after martin rejected an ultimatum demanding a poll in february .
madrid , spain cnn team mates , rivals , leading figures from the world of football and thousands of fans have paid their last respects to sevilla s antonio puerta who died on tuesday , three days after collapsing during a league match .
we have now come up with a flexible heat shield .
heavy rains started swelling waterways on sunday , and the puxcatan and grijalva rivers levels were still rising at a dangerous rate wednesday night .
the presidential office immediately refuted the article with an official statement , criticizing the paper for its biased perspective .
the carrot is to return to its roots when it goes on sale in what s said to be its true colour of purple purple carrots will appear on the shelves of supermarkets at a slightly higher price than the familiar version .
and their year old grandson genaro linay . they were found in aysen fjord , near the epicenter of the quake .
this is truly a celestial surprise , lewis said . absolutely amazing .
pak then walked out of the council chamber .
about , riot police were deployed around the rally , and they watched the protesters peaceful march , blocking off several roads in downtown seoul . there were no clashes or arrests .
she s doing all right , valerie lewis said . she is having tests done at the hospital right now , and so far things seem good .
at least , people died in the war , triggered by the break up of the former yugoslavia .
students at campuses across the country are logging on to the internet to get information and to share their thoughts .
earlier wednesday , a fifth hole drilled down into the mine found just six inches of open space left between the roof and rubble in an foot high tunnel , said jack kuzar , a district manager with the federal mine safety and health administration .
videos of the chaos and horrified reactions after the july , , london transit bombings were shown to jurors thursday in the trial of three men charged with conspiracy in the case .
precise figures are hard to come by , but experts say there s no doubt the united states is experiencing a surrogacy baby boom .
all nine patients appeared to have consumed the same type of tomatoes , he said .
a number of people were killed in secondary explosions when cooking gas cylinders exploded , the police official said .
no work was getting done yesterday , said jason dinant , who works for a nightclub .
the film won over two oscar nominees , deliver us from evil and iraq in fragments .
he says he served stints in prison there for petty theft and says he was a heroin addict .
in the documentary enron
u . s . radar picked up the russian turbo prop tupolev planes about miles off the alaska coast .
in valkyrie , cruise plays colonel claus von stauffenberg , who fronted the failed attempt by a group of largely military conspirators to assassinate adolf hitler in july .
the deadliest bombings were in tikrit , where at least died , and the town of hawija , where at least were killed .
take root and thrive as consumer offerings . corporate it departments meanwhile often seem oblivious to their potential usefulness , even as workers wonder at their absence .
she says when he was asked what he was doing , he responded , i m killing a vampire !
welcome to india s wine country .
also wednesday , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad would not confirm recent military statements that iran s leadership is directing the production of an armor piercing explosive said to be supplied to extremists in iraq .
how can you tell the difference between a regular , patience trying job search and an unsuccessful one ?
the bride wore white she was ravishing , as usual , francois lebel , mayor of paris eighth arrondissement , or neighborhood , told europe radio .
on tuesday morning , engineers sent commands to opportunity to begin its journey , and the robot signaled a confirmation .
serial killer ted bundy , for example , said he felt no guilt after killing people .
south korea and the united states will hold talks in washington early next month to finalize plans for the relocation of american forces here , officials said on tuesday .
observers had said a senate loss could spell a new period of instability in italian politics .
kofi annan s year term in office ends on december .
townsfolk in england have delivered their explosive verdict on sarah palin , stuffing a giant effigy of the u . s . republican vice presidential nominee with fireworks and blowing her up to raucous cheers .
urging his fellow americans to lend a helping hand , roosevelt had the bible opened to i corinthians and now abideth faith , hope , charity , these three
people sensed that the poor state of public administration , with the scandals and fires , had deeper causes .
astronauts john grunsfeld and andrew feustel are working on the hubble space telescope in the atlantis payload bay .
seoul , south korea cnn south korean president lee myung bak plans to deliver his second apology in a month thursday over his handling of plans to resume u . s . beef imports , state media reported .
because the attack occurred in a public place , he said he did not believe it was aimed at security forces .
a majority of democrats would like to see barack obama rather than hillary clinton win their party s presidential nomination , according to a national poll out monday .
the government has pledged to further ease rules on investment in overseas securities and real estate to boost capital outflow from the country .
in cyberspace , china seems an upside down caricature of the real thing .
israel and palestinian negotiators are involved in the most serious effort in many , many years to try to end the mideast conflict , said u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday .
the whole building just collapsed on everybody , said chase baldwin , a student at the school .
the prosecution has three days to respond to the order for a retrial if it does not object , the court will move to reopen the case .
george soros has asked the house ethics committee to investigate dennis hastert .
despite the deadlock , the two sides expressed their willingness to conclude the bilateral free trade agreement fta talks by the end of the year .
at the same time , we have watched change generate new challenges and intensify old ones .
i have spoken to many children and young people from all over england who have been deeply affected by ultra sonic teenage deterrents .
in a press conference at flushing meadows , where he will play in the u . s . open next week , the year old englishman said persistent back problems had convinced him it was the right time to quit .
everything is in order , volkov said .
yonhap news reports the bok has diversified more of its foreign currency investment portfolio from u . s . treasury bonds to high yielding assets like asset backed securities .
economist david wyss of standard poor s wasn t expecting first time claims for unemployment benefits to jump last week to more than a half million
judge joel boyer said he couldn t ban access to web site of the british tabloid the news of the world , which had carried a video with images of the scene , because the site is britain based and owned .
torre grew up in brooklyn , rooting for the rival new york giants and detesting the dodgers .
these are things that will not be openly discussed . . . we can comment when the investigation is complete , home secretary shivraj patil said at a news conference in hyderabad .
that s sagar meghani , he s traveling with the president today .
he s in custody in riverside , california .
li gave few specifics and declined to answer questions about expected retirements and promotions in the party s ruling politburo , highlighting the secretive party s extreme sensitivity over personnel issues .
arsenal beat sparta prague in the second leg of their third qualifying round tie to seal a aggregate victory and a place in the champions league proper for the th successive season on wednesday .
powell said that u . s . would not negotiate with north korea .
the ripple effect of bear stearns liquidity trouble stemming from subprime linked defaults continued and rattled asian bourses , from hong kong , singapore to shanghai and japan .
princess eugenie , the sixth in line to the british throne , is studying art , history of art and english at the , a year college , pa said .
four israelis were also injured by a rocket attack , prompting their prime minister to order a severe response .
he is the youngest player to win the title since stefan edberg defeated mats wilander in and as well as tsonga , the serb also had to overcome cramps .
the delay occurred because the judgment , which ran to , pages , needed to be issued to all people convicted in the case .
when we were looking for a chairman for our institution , we scanned many big names in the field of technology and management . ultimately , we settled for lord hanuman , as none was bigger than him , kangdi said .
the indonesian authorities are stepping up emergency preparations in case of a major eruption .
ahmadinejad had earlier praised the border guards who captured the on march , presenting their commander with a medal for bravery .
porter offered no explanation for shooting his son and daughter .
she was appointed to the mta board by then gov .
the philadelphia phillies , tampa bay rays , tied at , heading at the bottom of the sixth inning .
the two sides affirmed each other s will to continue developing south north relations , the statement said .
recently a sympathetic landlord let yi seok temporarily use a small office .
education minister expressed displeasure on protests of students and teachers .
pakistan s embattled leader , gen . pervez musharraf , could face a key challenge to his rule in the coming months following the expected return of two major opposition leaders .
a series of attacks have been launched against iraqi security forces in baghdad in northern iraq , killing at least people .
he helped bring down a president
she tells cbs one in ten jobs in the u . s . is tied to the auto industry .
we agreed yesterday , and mr . president confirmed it , that iran is making certain steps toward international community to achieve that .
south africa , the continent s economic powerhouse and a major gold producing country , has much to offer china with its mineral wealth and fertile lands .
it seems to me that this is a very long chain of assumptions .
this is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in jerusalem certainly the largest and most important of its period , said doron ben ami and yana tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the israel antiquities authority .
fosse said he estimated that about percent of the casualties at shifa hospital on sunday were children , both among the dead and the wounded .
brutal winter weather has pounded china s central , eastern and southern sections , stranding hundreds of thousands of travelers ahead of the holiday .
their meeting will lay the groundwork for bilateral working group discussions later in the month , yonhap said .
clinton also now trails obama when it comes to the support of superdelegates , and her campaign is million in the red .
fears over job losses have triggered several outbursts of unrest in recent weeks .
and the cataclysmic effect of deregulation , which will clearly transform this thing we call telecommunications in ways we can t even imagine right now .
but harris , who lost his house as a result , says the real issues are california s constitutional guarantee of privacy and the state s forfeiture law .
cats are especially susceptible to even small amounts of acetaminophen the active ingredient in tylenol ingestion of just one tablet can result in anemia and potential liver damage .
there have also been large demonstrations in the province of hubei where the attack occurred .
doctors said she was fortunate to have survived at all given the severity of her injury , the shanghai daily reported .
neither it nor the director s changeling found a slot on the best drama or director lists .
, sets of school desks and chairs
the deadline for registration is thursday thus enabling official campaigning to begin from friday .
u . n . peacekeeping chief jean marie guehenno urged the eu last week to deploy highly mobile troops supported by helicopters , to help protect a zone in chad miles kilometers long by miles kilometers wide and a small part of the central african republic .
this is the third nonfiction drama winterbottom has made in pakistan since september , but it s the first that feels like the work of an outsider . the others were in this world and the road to guantanamo .
i think that i ve been useful over these past years and i think that i can be useful to the ioc again in the future .
it was not clear why the woman needed help to kill herself .
nearly half of all flights in brazil were delayed or canceled tuesday for the third straight day as the country s air crisis deepened following a deadly crash last week and a major radar outage .
halle , germany cnn world no . roger federer extended his unbeaten run on grass to matches after beating germany s philipp kohlschreiber in the final of the gerry weber open in halle .
it gives at least a glimmer of hope that when we re looking at the st and nd quarter of , the rate of decline may significantly continue to decelerate .
this huge brick and steel building was torn apart by the power of the storm , mcintrye said .
on tuesday roh became the first south korean leader to walk across the heavily fortified demilitarized zone between the two countries .
restaurants and other so called places of conviviality were given an extra months to apply a full ban .
it is believed to be the first time a north korean vessel has been inspected under security council resolution .
the first state run center for migrant workers will open today in daerim dong , southwestern seoul , to help migrant workers adapt to korean society , korean government officials said yesterday .
the company delayed complying with the eu order for three years , the eu said , only making changes on oct . to the patent licenses it charges companies that need data to help them make software that works with microsoft .
chinese prime minister wen jiabao also promised to encourage chinese businesses to increase dealings with north korea , it added .
two time prime minister sharif said he would not be a candidate for prime minister under musharraf , who had to reinstate the judges he purged after declaring the emergency .
shutting down these shows has cost about . million per performance in terms of lost box office revenue , or nearly million for all four performances this weekend , according to bernstein .
on march , andersen and ausnes underwent a kidney transplant at virginia mason hospital in seattle , washington . the surgery was successful .
our brains can be made stronger through exercise , says andrew carle , assistant professor of in the department of health administration and policy at george mason university .
kenyan opposition party spokesman salim lone said that rice s trip to kenya is a very positive step .
the document refers athletes to section of the ioc charter which provides for no kind of demonstration , or political , religious or racial propaganda in the olympic sites , venues or other areas .
organizers say project masiluleke will offer south africans the privacy to get tested and pursue treatment options and counseling by staff who are hiv positive themselves .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id leicester , england cnn four men have pleaded guilty to offenses linked to a plot to kidnap a british muslim soldier on leave and behead him in a garage .
at kitchen tables across our country , there is concern about our economic future , he will say .
other partner companies plan to incorporate dataplay discs in digital cameras and small handheld movie viewers , to be released later this year .
the prophets , they spoke about me .
jon , the president elect will not doubt get an earful from these finance and industry chiefs about the dire straits u . s . companies and families are in .
sevilla will now face arsenal , slavia prague and steaua bucharest in the group stages while aek will play in the uefa cup .
the second place democrat party took seats .
judd said he was exceptionally concerned about the decision to start a fire during dry conditions and days after a freeze likely added more tinder .
a . magnitude earthquake struck wednesday just off the pacific coast of guatemala , according to the u . s . geological survey .
exercising helped him shed more pounds .
the army of islam on sunday posted video and an audio statement from johnston clad in what appeared to be an explosives vest .
medical help , blankets and tents top the list , along with food , water and latrines .
government forecasts economy growth rate .
petraeus spent part of sunday at the pentagon completing a final run through before his testimony , a source said .
but top genocide suspects mladic and his political boss radovan karadzic are still at large .
about percent of koreans who died last year were cremated , according to the ministry of health and welfare , up from percent in .
the conservative gnp and centrists from the uri party have opposed full withdrawal of troops , arguing that it would hurt ties with washington and lessen the economic benefits of korean troops efforts over the last two years .
we were unable to go anywhere .
this is the world s first self balancing human transporter , kamen said .
security was extraordinarily tight on this mission because ramon , israel s first astronaut , was among the crew members .
troubled singer amy winehouse has been admitted to a london hospital after suffering a bad reaction to medication , her representative said tuesday .
in the early s , the sind valley forests were felled and the mountainsides were bare .
thailand s king bhumibol adulyadej gave his blessing to a new government led by democrat party leader abhisit vejjajiva on wednesday , with the new prime minister pledging to end months of upheaval .
kanamori and other experts say the ballooning problem of deadbeat borrowers has produced a booming business of illegal lenders , some linked with gangsters , who charge outrageous interest rates such as , percent a year , according to police and hound borrowers with threats to wring payments out of them .
i m now in the top twelve so all you guys , thank you , thank you !
nasa is eyeing a landing site devoid of boulders at a latitude equivalent to northern alaska on earth .
that depth perception is also particularly helpful for studying a type of solar eruption called a coronal mass ejection .
the israeli government said any palestinians who need medical treatment would be allowed to cross . much of gaza was in the dark sunday night and monday .
rob knox , , was stabbed after he got caught up in a fight outside a bar in southwest london early saturday , london s metropolitan police said in a statement .
the raid was launched in al fudhailiya , a shiite district in southeastern baghdad , between p . m . saturday p . m . et saturday and a . m . sunday p . m . et saturday , an interior ministry official said .
he s also surprisingly funny .
he had a run in with a deer .
governor andres granier urged residents to evacuate the city where floodwaters reached the rooftops of homes .
the block on the entrance of fuel , food , and medicine has led to long lines at bakeries , left hospitals without heat and gas stations closed .
in washington , a state department official said pyongyang seems to have met the legal criteria to be taken off the u . s . list of terrorism sponsoring states , one of north korea s most coveted incentives to give up its atomic weapons programs .
arcelormittal , based in luxembourg and already operating as a single company , started trading shares monday on euro next in amsterdam , paris , brussels and smaller bourses in spain .
the canucks have become the first team to advance to the second round of the stanley cup playoffs .
the iron lady has become bronze .
roh , however , will allow hong to continue his job for the time being before officially accepting his resignation .
the fishing crew and a fisheries official on board their ship estimated the
he noted the korean language site included the exclusive function minilog , a way for korean youths to jot down everyday thoughts and feelings in a few hundred characters .
the average age of organic farmers is late s , quaday says .
simpson could get life in prison when sentenced in december .
winehouse lost consciousness but an assistant caught her before she hit the ground , spokesman chris goodman said .
the plan will be tested in , the official said , and will be implemented fully by .
after speaking at an event in louisiana for the pga tour , giuliani donated , to new orleans charities working on the aftermath of hurricane katrina .
but more than three quarters of those polled said they had been forced to pay for private treatment because they had been unable to find an nhs dentist . almost a fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost .
auto thefts in las vegas , which had previously ranked second to modesto , declined only slightly .
in the end , this nation elevated him to a pedestal no other american has ever occupied .
the fdic has gotten one big bank to step up and save another , but some voters are angry and wall street is not impressed .
they said they hoped for a calm resolution to the crisis .
big pine key , florida
jakarta , indonesia cnn the olympic torch relay ran its course without major incident in indonesia on tuesday , with torch bearers circling a track around jakarta s main sports stadium in front of invited guests and journalists .
but he added that the reports were preliminary and still too confusing to quantify .
booking on your own , glacier flightseeing tours with sled dog rides run nearly less if you skip the dog ride through alaska flightseeing tours of juneau or alpine air alaska in girdwood or godwin glacier dogsled tours in seward .
following guidelines approved by the national security council , the government began culling , chickens and ducks at six farms within a meter radius of the initially infected farm in iksan , north cholla province .
hill said earlier sunday that improving u . s . relations with north korea will depend on other progress in the talks , saying it is a relationship that we will continue to try to build step by step with the understanding that we re not going to have a normalized relationship until we have a denuclearized north korea .
more than , people were killed in the years of fighting in the country between the state and the communist rebels .
the president outlined his proposal in a speech ahead of next week s summit in germany of leading industrialized nations , where global warming is to be a major topic and bush will be on the spot .
there s his ex wife , now his boss at least until the department is disbanded and his partner , a half jewish , half tlingit named berko who s far more responsible than landsman .
according to the official , al masri died several months ago in pakistan , possibly from hepatitis .
supernovas can be very bright for a short time and usually release huge amounts of energy .
authorities freeing five taliban in return for the release of an italian journalist who had been kidnapped march with two afghan colleagues .
roger federer was up and running in his quest for a fifth consecutive wimbledon singles title after a smooth victory over russian teimuraz gabashvili on monday . the swiss world number one lit up a gloomy day on a centre court shorn of its roof , first by walking out wearing an immaculate blazer and matching trousers , then with the dazzling strokeplay that has written him into wimbledon folklore .
it destroyed a real estate office in the ground floor of a building and also caused damage to nearby buildings , the interior ministry office in the regional capital a coruna said .
durrani said it was unclear whether the bombing could be retaliation for a mysterious missile strike that killed four suspected militants in a village near the afghan border on friday .
the us democratic presidential hopefuls are taking part in the first debate to use only video questions submitted online by the public .
they have become more and more emboldened and have stepped up their campaign to confront the government .
but it took years for the industry to get out of its starting blocks .
currents can be induced in long electrical transmission lines , causing blackouts .
the local market was closed wednesday for liberation day .
the government says they are squatting too close to the road , and are located in a major development zone .
on the brink of extinction were so skittish around people that researchers were able to snap a photo of just one of them
ten days later , christopher paul neil a year old canadian man who had been working as an english language teacher in south korea was arrested in thailand and charged with child abuse .
like a giant amoeba in the sky , the ozone hole above antarctica has divided into two parts , which have spread away from the southernmost continent .
chabon s federal district of sitka is a land of tall apartment blocks and grimy streets , as if hong kong had moved to the other side of the pacific ocean , he says .
bush administration had set its red line in connection with n . k .
speaking at a company site in the united arab emirates , ceo thomas enders was quoted by a spokesman as acknowledging that reaching airbus goal of delivering four a s per month by won t be easy .
the policeman was among about u . n . police who were hurt in the clashes earlier in the day .
agliotti recently received a year suspended prison sentence in a drug case after entering into a plea bargain .
long live palestine !
palomino brought the infant , whose parents have not been located or identified , to the nearby coastal town of paracas .
by going with an open system you invite the rest of the industry to participate .
the joong ang ilbo reports the interest rate ceiling allowed to be charged by registered private lenders will be lowered sharply to percent in september from the current percent , the finance ministry said yesterday .
iran likely has managed to learn how to operate individual centrifuges and cascades adequately . however , it still may be struggling to operate a large number of cascades at the same time in parallel , they wrote in a report e mailed to the associated press .
you end up on an emotional roller coaster .
xinhua said the latest accident had cut traffic on the jinan qingdao railway , which links the provincial capital of jinan with qingdao .
cnn malaysia s health minister has resigned after being caught on videotape having sex with a female friend the country s national news agency said wednesday .
as its reason , the commission cited sharif s criminal record that dates back to the late s .
police have apprehended a western man who went skinny dipping in a moat ringing the imperial palace in a busy tokyo business district , attracting a huge crowd , officials said tuesday .
by the six party talks will journey to north korea in the next week at the invitation of the north koreans to begin disabling north korea s means of producing bomb making material , hill said .
the two groups separated , she said , but later , six white students and one black student all between the ages of and took one of the black students into a dorm room and held him there against his will .
has started production on an animated musical fairy tale called the frog princess , which will be set in new orleans and feature the walt disney studio s first black princess .
the garden is placed near a wall of the cathedral of christ the light , which was consecrated september .
a ministry spokesman said smith had expressed disappointment that whaling had resumed in the southern ocean .
people in their s , s and blue collar workers preferred chung , who also worked as unification minister , to other contenders in the pro government camp .
the afghan government was hopeful of a peaceful outcome .
i shouldn t have used that word . i came off the elevator and was confronted with what had happened , and i responded .
gunmen also kidnapped a year old british girl in the nigerian oil city of port harcourt while she was on her way to school on thursday morning .
odinga , the orange democratic movement candidate for president , and his supporters claim the election was rigged , and international observers noted some irregularities
with all music companies struggling from a drop in the sale of physical albums , emi , announced its first deal with apple and the itunes online music store in april .
but the president is fighting a tide of dissent among lawmakers in his own party , while bush and the war itself rank low in national opinion polls .
still , it s all as splashy as million can buy , and on occasion the cgi guys conjure something akin to poetry
stallone also had failed to declare the male hormone testosterone on a customs entry form , although he had a valid prescription .
song du yul was sentenced to years in prison .
the melees come two years after riots in other paris suburbs populated largely by immigrants and their french born children .
it was a slaughterhouse , said yehuda meshi zahav , head of the zaka emergency service , after surveying the scene following five minutes of bloodshed at the merkaz harav seminary , one of the most prominent jewish educational centers in the holy city .
annual undergraduate tuition will rise . percent next year to , , increasing at a pace nearly double the u . s . rate of inflation , a harvard statement showed this month .
the trial of new york times researcher zhao yan has ended in beijing , with no word on when a verdict will be reached .
allawi accused the prime minister of supporting militias to take the rule of law in their hands .
the legislation was passed by the parliament s upper house , having cleared the lower house last month .
still , police in fort pierce , florida say a woman called three times ?
the report came as the government audit body is set to launch an intensive inspection of schools , food suppliers and education authorities in the wake of the nation s worst school food poisoning case .
last month , an official with iran s nuclear agency denied iran was building , centrifuges .
horse takes up painting , has works exhibited
lee , who is , replaces hong seok hyun , who resigned over the slush funds scandal in the lead up to the presidential election when he was publisher of the joongang ilbo , a major daily .
we do not talk to the taliban he said . if there are any talks with the taliban , these talks must be led by the government of afghanistan .
thierry hackett , who was driving along the route taken by diana and fayed after they left the ritz hotel , also said he saw the mercedes swerving because , he thought , it was being hindered by the motorbikes .
their presence has sparked controversy in canada , with the bloc quebecois and the new democratic party calling for an immediate troop withdrawal .
the government had threatened to refuse to give the weekly herald a publishing permit if it continued to use the word .
the two disciplines are very different but racing on the track helps you in lots of ways , he told reporters .
the actor and wife luciana are expecting another baby , his rep jennifer allen tells people exclusively .
this is especially handy when he needs to send an sms during class .
venice has suffered its worst flooding in years , leaving some parts of the historic italian city neck deep in water , reports said monday .
she was searched , fingerprinted and placed in a holding cell in the inmate reception area but got to keep her street clothes , sheriff s spokesman steve whitmore said .
even a babbling brook .
starbucks is the world s largest chain of coffee houses , with more than , stores in countries .
it happened yesterday .
president bush has called the prospect of a nuclear armed iran unacceptable .
on friday , the dow jones industrial average fell . percent to , . .
bush s last colonoscopy was in june , and no abnormalities were found , snow said .
if an attorney stays out of things , a person with a lower back or neck injury gets an average of , from the insurance company
the oil rich uae began auctioning off vanity license plates last may .
most serbs regard kosovo as their religious and cultural heartland .
fires shut down the malibu section of the pacific coast highway .
one of malawi s leading weeklies reported on sunday that the minister of women and child development kate kainja refused to allow penstone kilembe to travel to assess the suitability of madonna and her husband , film director guy ritchie .
a man who was angry at his girlfriend used a lighter and toilet paper to set the fire at a lodging house in jamsil which killed eight people and injured , police announced yesterday .
his letters are being posted now years to the day to the internet by lamin s grandson , bill .
adding that two of the daughters have had abortions .
the curriculum would not rely on , but would incorporate lessons about , sexual identity in history and literature classes , officials said . it s about creating another option for kids , edelman said .
in which companies paid software companies to settle claims that they were using unlicensed software
pakistani police launched a crackdown on sharif supporters ahead of his arrival , arresting several hundred at their homes and stopping hundreds more who were traveling to lahore to welcome him , authorities and eyewitnesses told cnn .
almost , people will die this year of hiv aids in myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased , according to a new report .
the ex girlfriend , clara riddles , , of college park , georgia , just outside atlanta , died at grady memorial hospital of her injuries .
trade between both countries in the first months of amounted to million , an increase of . percent from the previous year .
the action comes just after sarkozy announced a sweeping plan to better integrate poor suburban youth and tackle the racism they often face in the job market .
he was part of brazil s world cup winning squad , although he was limited to just minutes as a substitute against costa rica .
the governing camp was shocked and numb as it searched for its ninth chairman following chung s departure .
but they also have the highest complaint rate .
the source said there were about people left inside the area controlled by fatah al islam fighters and civilians who include wives of militants and children . palestinian and u . n . officials had earlier put the number of civilians left in the hundreds .
responding to lawmakers comments on the future direction of the monetary policy , the central bank governor park seung downplayed his earlier remarks that the bok may raise the interest rate as early as next month .
he continued the successful directing style with snatch and revolver , but he bombed with swept away in , which featured his wife .
he ended up at the home of dan call , a preacher at a nearby lutheran church and the owner of a general store .
she has been undergoing questioning since her arrival at incheon international airport sunday afternoon .
the fire is expected to drastically increase the cost of a million three year restoration that began in .
in a survey of housewives in their s by an online shopping mall , lotte . com , percent said they would make their own kimchi this year , an increase of percentage points from a survey a year ago .
those who used the tailored web site were getting an average of minutes of exercise per week , as were men and women in the group that received help by mail .
it s well past time for um , for uh , robert mugabe to leave .
during the past year , lamar allegedly kidnapped the cat once and made kidnapping threats on an almost weekly basis , ormond said .
baghdad , iraq cnn british prime minister gordon brown arrived in baghdad on tuesday for meetings with iraqi government officials , the british embassy in baghdad said .
the arrested men told police the bones were sold to medical students and used in traditional medicine , district police chief peeyush pandey said .
almost everything recorded by the beatles from their early days in liverpool and hamburg to their break up in has been released to meet insatiable public appetite for anything to do with the legendary liverpool quartet .
president barack obama tells c span the supreme court justice he will appoint will not only know the law , but how it works
wednesday s digging was delayed to not stress phoenix s memory .
it matches the resolution , but not the size , of the screen on apple inc . s iphone , which has emerged as a potent competitor in the smart phone category .
the exhibit is inside london s former millennium dome , now renamed the o .
madoff , , made an initial court appearance thursday and was released on a million bond .
gen . francisco franco declared it the official anthem in .
i cared a lot . it s not the biggest thing in our sport , but it s the biggest thing in sports .
hindustan latex is targeting the new condom range at prostitutes , who are among the most vulnerable to sexually transmitted diseases such as aids , the hindustan times reported tuesday .
if everyone had a high sensitivity to loneliness , no one would go out and explore .
entering the mosque and the killings there are an unjustified and flagrant attack , the interior minister said .
some sing their own songs or show judges how they have choreographed their own dance .
more than , brazilian landless activists surrounded the central bank on thursday and threatened a big fight over land next year unless they get more public money to speed up land reform .
in a related development , a foreign ministry official denied a report in britain s daily telegraph newspaper that seoul had paid a million ransom to the taliban for the release of the christian hostages .
they were true pioneers , and it took a great deal of courage , motivation and sacrifices to come here , moon said . i have no reservations in saying that if not for their teachings and values , i certainly would not be here .
a fishing crew has caught a colossal squid that could weigh a half ton and prove to be the biggest specimen ever landed , a fisheries official said thursday .
the outcome of the election could determine whether serbia forges closer ties with the west or drifts further toward russia .
two counts of cruelty and maltreatment and one of conspiracy had been added after the investigation against ambuhl was completed , a step her lawyers argued was improper and added a possible three more years of prison time .
at the nonpartisan twittervotereport . com , specially tagged twitter . com micro blogs about voting were being aggregated and pinpointed on an ever changing online map .
clinton said that up until that august morning when her husband confessed , she believed he was being railroaded and had merely been foolish by paying any attention to lewinsky .
they hold key business jobs and a few occupy top diplomatic and government posts .
the rush of interest in setting up space tourism companies has seen proposed spaceport projects in dubai in the united arab emirates , and california , oklahoma , new mexico , florida , virginia , alaska and wisconsin in the united states .
the law enforcement organization said that part of the operation involved notifying people who owned pcs it knew were part of zombie or bot networks .
george w . bush appeared on arab television to condemn the abuses , the day after the army disclosed that it is conducting criminal investigations of prisoner deaths in u . s . custody in iraq and afghanistan , plus another abuse cases .
the museum first opened in another location of seoul in .
hundreds of thousands of protesters have filled the streets of seoul in recent weeks to protest the deal in demonstrations that rapidly evolved into anti government protests , the news agency said .
the lebanese parliament , which elects the president , has been unable to settle on a candidate .
chong wa dae insisted that the parties and their presidential candidates should show more sincerity and responsibility so people can believe that the constitution will be revised by the next government without fail .
barabanki , india cnn torrential rains overnight compounded the misery of million marooned indian villagers , killing another people and raising the death toll from house collapses and floods in south asia to , officials said sunday .
the chinese ministry of foreign affairs and the state council press office both told cnn they were not aware of the page .
she rejected a marketing assistant position paying about california s an hour minimum wage , because the pay was too low .
the friends , students and family of g . v . loganathan , , want the world to know he was more than just one among the killed during a rampage at virginia tech . right until the moment when cho seung hui burst through loganathan s classroom door , the professor was spending extra time tutoring a struggling graduate student .
by late morning , firefighters were sent home , leaving from the los angeles fire department working on the blaze .
with its new game wii fit hitting stores monday , nintendo is looking to bring exercise into the home , making people more aware of their bodies and starting to create a comfortable , fun environment to get healthy .
on tuesday , mike mcconnell told the senate judiciary committee the greatest threat comes from al qaeda .
they are paraded on the final day of the three day festival , much to the delight of the assembled crowds , who jostle and shake them as they pass .
we should not easily blame the other side for our own domestic problems , wu said through an interpreter . confrontation does no good at all to problem solving .
the paper quoted political observers as saying yesterday that roh had put off the nomination of kim hyuk kyu , his favorite candidate for the job , after considering its possible negative impact on the ruling uri party s chances of winning the elections .
bhutto told cnn just before returning to her homeland that she was aware of the risks and knew some people wished her harm , but i m prepared to take them .
the national assembly originally had planned to vote on the bill on march , but postponed it until march before deciding to debate it for two extra days , assembly spokesman kim young il said .
during his luncheon meeting with the chairmen of global investment banks , a participant expressed discontent , urging the korean government to resolve the issue in line with lee s pledge to attract active foreign investment .
a french journalist kidnapped while producing a television documentary about human trafficking in somalia said he is quite okay , and has been allowed to use a mobile phone to talk to his girlfriend in france , according to a short phone interview he gave to a somali journalist .
an israeli helicopter has landed in the area after a series of air strikes , according to lebanese army officials .
it has been widely acknowledged among the military that under the current deployment scenario , there are not enough u . s . forces to maintain the troop increase after spring .
investigators found a suicide note linked to the glasgow , scotland , attack , sources close to the investigation told cnn wednesday .
earlier , chavez said the bank is aimed at freeing us from the chains of dependence and underdevelopment .
china is most concerned about the growing labor unrest , the human resources minister , yin weimin , said at a news conference .
died in eastern india after clashes between farmers and government supporters over proposed land seizures to create an industrial zone .
according to celebrity web site hollywood . tv , spears was pulling out of a beverly hills medical building around p . m . when the incident occurred .
a government order slashing prices of all goods and services by about half in june has led to acute shortages of bread , meat , gasoline and other basic commodities in zimbabwe , which is in its worst economic crisis since independence in .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
they discovered not only that the smog cut sunlight , heating the atmosphere , but also that it created acid rain , a serious threat to crops and trees , as well as contaminating oceans and hurting agriculture .
hilschenz also was suspected in the death of a ninth child in , but the statute of limitations did not allow for that case to be tried .
the americans will soon be departing , god permitting , and won t keep defending them forever .
britain on tuesday also called for continued pressure on iran .
in the posting , the coalition warned the battle between you and us is a long one .
the city government submitted the , page document at the request of the court , which made similar requests to the ministries of construction and transportation and justice .
she operated a television set with a small blow tube and wrote on a voice activated computer .
another paper also claimed police intend to take some of madeleine s toys for analysis .
quiet , less kinda that totally most people didn t come here .
the mythical per barrel is of course within reach for today with or without the help of the weekly statistics .
so of course we re going to give it to him , because . . . it s not important how big of a name an actor is , it s about how great the character that s being created , how it jumps off the screen and becomes memorable .
teacher dave barclay flew thousands of miles across the atlantic to wales to attend his friend s wedding , only to discover he was a year early .
the partnership is designed to draw million in mining investment from scores of chinese companies and create , jobs .
on saturday , about photographers , reporters and television crews staked out the entrances to the jail waiting for the celebutante s arrival . she had until tuesday to report .
all states except arizona and hawaii utilize dst , along with parts of indiana , which stay on standard time all year .
sometimes i am asked how i would like to be remembered , clarke said . i have had a diverse career as a writer , underwater explorer and space promoter .
because she faces a misdemeanor charge , the co star of tv s the simple life was not required to attend . terms of any deal that might be on the table were not made available and the district attorney s office declined to comment .
the office of the chief of staff oversees and coordinates activities and communication among various departments of the administration .
flights over remote coastal villages in the stricken western province of the islands on tuesday reported widespread destruction , a local official said , as the death toll edged toward and was expected to climb further .
it said no one got on or off the aircraft , which spent seconds on the ground .
china s fear of the internet has been much exaggerated .
but many wonder if it really is empowering , especially for younger women and girls who try to emulate what s already on the web .
chess opens a nightclub , where the performances sometimes end in gunfire , and when the club burns down , he starts to record the new sounds he s been featuring there .
glen campbell quit his job with a computer company to work full time uncovering the inner workings of area .
sixteen afghan civilians were killed and others wounded in the aftermath of a suicide attack and ambush on a coalition military convoy in eastern afghanistan sunday , a joint forces military statement said .
the spill was moving toward the ukrainian coast and russia and ukraine have set up a joint crisis center to deal with the disaster , the official said .
there may be protests from local residents , and there can even be calls to knock them down .
also , a larger number of the elderly now decide to live alone rather than stay with their children after the death of their spouses , an nso official said .
the giants say they have been in contact with burress since the shooting .
the kcci survey showed the textile sector will see export and output decline by . percent and . percent , respectively , in the second half , while steelmakers will also suffer a decline of . percent in exports during the same period .
yeah , it probably will because cents is a lot , especially when you buy whole albums and stuff .
police started investigating her in january after obtaining a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti anxiety drug valium .
corrales , who was born in sacramento , california , but lived in las vegas in recent years , won his first fights and held a share of the pound title before he was stopped by floyd mayweather in a unification fight in january .
the cause of death was not immediately known , she said .
makoto kobayashi of the high energy accelerator research organization and toshihide maskawa of kyoto university will each receive a quarter of the prize .
an ornate gate to the winter palace , which now houses the hermitage museum , was opened in a ceremony tuesday , providing access to the building from palace square for the first time since the bolshevik revolution .
the awards swedish founder , dynamite inventor alfred nobel , created the prizes in the categories of medicine , physics , chemistry , literature and peace .
that all changed when the wakayama electric railway decided to use tama as a mascot .
they will also be based on a document drawn up last summer by hamas and fatah activists jailed in israeli prisons .
the korea times reports chung dong young , chairman of the governing uri party thursday stepped down to take responsibility for uri s crushing defeat in the local elections which led to a landslide victory for the main opposition grand national party .
judge oks additional dna sample
more than seven percent of ethiopia s million people are susceptible to river blindness , he told ministers and diplomats from several african nations .
the church , cosby said , had planned to take extra security precautions for wright s services this weekend , but said the decision to cancel the appearances was wright s entirely .
thousands of pro tibet and pro beijing demonstrators had gathered in san francisco , prompting fears of violence .
pgc appears to be the switch , or a major component of it , that enables your body s muscles to adjust to the demands being put on them , said spiegelman .
officials said the man went missing on kish island off the southern coast of iran .
she is expected in court tuesday , police said .
in last week s incident , kcna said seven pirates disguised as guards boarded the north korean vessel on october and demanded the sailors pay them , and move the ship to the waters they want .
the chicago tribune and the los angeles times are backing barack obama for president .
calling for no process questions from reporters and no spin rooms , the presumptive republican presidential nominee proposed one debate a week from now until the democratic party convention in august .
there will be a welcoming ceremony for the pope on the south lawn of the white house on wednesday .
and when someone asked about exceptions to his new lobbying rules , he promised a news conference soon .
this attack on the main energy supplier for the gaza strip demonstrates hamas total disregard for the well being of the civilian population
the coalition is hoping to take the tag system nationwide , providing an edge in the multimillion dollar business .
bush also told hu a mistake was made in shipping nuclear missile fuses to taiwan , the associated press reported .
kidman described two other times that fawcett had allegedly been intrusive when trying to photograph her once while she was on her honeymoon with country music star keith urban in tahiti in mid , and once after christmas in sydney last year .
retailers are hoping a lot of people are going online today to shop it s cyber monday , the web version of black friday .
jamaica s electrical grid was shut down sunday in preparation for hurricane dean which is classified as a category storm .
hewitt has been without a full time coach since roger rasheed quit shortly before the australian open in january , but announced on wednesday that roche had agreed to take on the job .
japan s other goodwill tourism ambassadors include korean singer younha , japanese actress yoshino kimura and japanese pop rock duo puffy amiyumi .
most of the women that we find at hospitals who have tried to commit suicide have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed s team .
he just stepped within five feet of the door and just started firing , said erin sheehan who was in one of the norris hall classrooms where the second shooting incident took place .
dozens of teary eyed relatives gathered at the mine s headquarters in donetsk waiting for news on their loved ones .
he was shot outside a pub by a hooded youth on a bicycle , according to media reports .
if we shoot and get a direct hit , that s a clean kill and we re in good shape , he added .
rio de janeiro , brazil cnn snakes including one foot anaconda are increasingly invading the eastern amazon s largest city , driven from the rain forest by destruction of their natural habitat , the government s environmental protection agency said tuesday .
he had asthma , the shelby county medical examiner s office said .
well , perhaps the start of the solution , john .
anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr has ordered a suspension of his mehdi army militia for up to six months for restructuring , a senior aide said wednesday .
palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the christians and the jews .
a year end news conference at the state department , rice said challenges remained in iraq but noted they were ones of how to build on gains made in the past year .
beijing film productions , in the biographic epic that covers the final years of deng s life , is also attempting to answer some outstanding questions about his legacy to the nation .
he jumped in on them , he tried to keep them off . if it wasn t for george , those kids would have copped it .
sydney , australia cnn nicole kidman told a courtroom monday how she was reduced to tears and feared a car accident after a celebrity photographer pursued her two years ago .
members of the iraqi parliament have been sending each other text messages all day warning that you have to take your shoes off in order to enter the parliament building .
the upper house rejected tanami in a vote , the second time in a week that the opposition rejected a government backed candidate for bank of japan head .
transformation as we moved from a rural economy to an urban one .
wednesday s highest death toll came when israel launched air strikes near the bureij camp .
it calls on the mission to promote a national dialogue and political reconciliation process that would be inclusive .
sleet and freezing rain , mixed with snow , will cause travel troubles from the mid atlantic states and in new york and boston today .
after early success in developing a new market for shoes for women , reebok has trailed in nike s wake .
the museum includes a library , a tasting room and a gift shop .
that tape from kgma .
despite the huge potential sentences , none of the defendants would serve more than years , the maximum allowed under spanish law , which does not permit the death penalty . the other defendants face smaller sentences if convicted on lesser charges like membership in or collaboration with a terrorist group .
despite the bleak outlook , industry professionals at world travel market were upbeat and focusing on the positive fallout from the economic crisis .
but given the rapid pace of changing technology , in just two short years , bhatt said .
nawaz sharif , who was ousted from power in musharraf s bloodless coup in , was one of the winners from monday s election .
this material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
hyun oh seok , president of the trade research institute affiliated with the korea international trade association kita , said yesterday that korea s high cost of living is discouraging foreigners from visiting , worsening its service account balance .
japanese media reported that the suspect told investigators he was years old .
it took him only a few days to learn the motions , and now he is the talk of the town .
he said he has invited putin to the bush family compound in kennebunkport , maine , in july , where they will continue discussions on a variety of issues .
ford said clients complained of emails being returned with error messages that could only have been placed by a third party between local and foreign mail servers .
the penalty far outweighs a a march decision that fined microsoft million and ordered it to
continued economic growth and forecasted colder average temperatures this winter than last winter could combine to push demand higher .
aliens out of control or simple mechanical failure ?
believed to be one of the fortress burial mounds .
the ministry of government administration and home affairs may dismiss up to percent of its officials by september as part of measures to eradicate bureaucratic inefficiency , it said yesterday .
the jobless rate rose to percent in february , the highest level in four years , indicating that the job market remains frozen despite growing hopes of recovery in domestic demand .
it will come back and you ll make more money than in the bank .
classic radio flyer wagon updated for . world
i feel so good , said yosef , .
gettelfinger said the union will suspend the jobs bank at gm .
there has been intense speculation as to who is leading jemaah islamiyah ji since its former leaders were arrested in and .
the u . s . state department echoed the president s sentiment and congratulated kibaki on his re election .
bhutto , leader of the pakistan people s party ppp , had served as prime minister from and , and had been campaigning ahead of elections due on january th .
meanwhile , attorneys for the opposition movement for democratic change argue that zimbabweans are anxious to know the results of the election , and so is the international community .
najaf is an al sadr stronghold and a shiite hub .
the bus was traveling from shanghai to lichuan city , ap reported , and all told as many as or more people may have been killed .
the animals grabbed his limb and tore it apart at the shoulder .
the talks have been contentious , and the chief baghdad spokesman says the cabinet s allowing nouri al maliki to reopen negotiations , saying various political parties had submitted essential amendments .
sen . barack obama said that democrats will know their presidential nominee after the final two primary states vote next week and that in his view , the general election campaign officially will begin .
he said the union also is willing to have the companies delay billions in payments to the trust funds that will assume responsibility for retiree health care coverage in , although he said that such a move would require court approval .
cnn an us airways pilot who aviation officials say accidentally fired his handgun in the cockpit during a flight will be fired , a spokesman for a flight officers group said .
the writers said they agree that bush administration officials took the nation to war for flimsy reasons , and that it has proved ill advised and wrong headed .
prime minister john howard said the new park was an important addition to australia s national reserve system , and is a fitting tribute to a passionate environmentalist and a great australian .
london , england cnn a lock of john lennon s hair is being put up for sale .
hackett gave two statements to french authorities soon after the princess death , but on thursday he said several times that his memory of the night was now vague .
the planned share sale , intended to bankroll overseas acquisitions , heralds a potential flood of similar listings this year that could restrain a mainland market that has quadrupled in the past year .
lee has also wrapped up filming on the highly anticipated hollywood action flick , g . i . joe
bruni sarkozy made her first state visit as france s first lady in late march with a two day trip to britain , where she and her husband attended a lavish banquet held by queen elizabeth ii .
lee , , says he will slash regulations , initiate tax reforms , streamline government and draw in more foreign investment .
the president , who visited the capitol this month to push hard for overhauling the nation s immigration laws , delivered a brief statement shortly after the vote saying he was sorry congress could not reach agreement , calling its failure to act a disappointment .
german authorities have seen the body of the german hostage who died in captivity in afghanistan and it had gunshot wounds , a german foreign ministry spokesman said on sunday .
the change was made friday after the national telecommunications commission opened an administrative proceeding saying it had received complaints from some viewers about the simpsons .
of those , , or percent , were saudis , and , or . percent , were libyans , the report said .
they re and year old girls getting a lesson in cooking and healthy eating .
filmmakers and researchers on monday unveiled two ancient stone boxes they said may have once contained the remains of jesus and mary magdalene , but several scholars derided the claims made in a new documentary as unfounded and contradictory to basic christian beliefs .
al libi could have been killed by a missile fired from a drone operated by the cia and other u . s . government agencies .
smith said the house was fully engulfed in flames around a . m . when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified .
earlier today , taliban gunmen assassinated the top afghan female police official .
student tiffany otey was taking a test inside norris hall when the shooting began .
but the fundamental question looming over the president s eighth prime time address on iraq is this regardless of how the president packages this progress report , will it amount to a de facto stay the course battle plan ?
they call him sully and on the side , he s a safety consultant who has studied the psychology of keeping airline crews functioning in a crisis .
the eu said in a statement thursday it has seen four other similar statements in the past from the world s largest software maker .
a general strike in africa s top oil producer began on wednesday after unions rejected government concessions on fuel prices as too little too late .
don imus has expressed profound regret and embarrassment and has made a commitment to listen to all of those who have raised legitimate expressions of outrage , it said .
after emerging from an hourlong private meeting in the capitol in which they had a vigorous exchange with national security adviser stephen hadley , several senators said they urged the president to begin planning now for a repositioning of u . s . involvement in iraq after the american there , gen . david petraeus , releases a progress report in september .
the ap s rita foley with this morning s installment of our education series , or our election series , the contenders
bloomsbury also used the robbery to remind the public that a legal injunction prevents any publication of the contents or summary of the book before it goes on sale this weekend and also requires the return of any missing books to the publisher .
the korea herald reports a team of nuclear experts from the united states will arrive in north korea today to finalize a plan for disablement procedures with their north korean counterparts .
fernando torres scored the only goal of the european championship final in vienna sunday , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip .
after hearing from the astronauts , the british monarch toured goddard , in greenbelt , maryland .
i think that s helped us to play at a higher level .
then , you base your future work on his or her priorities .
megan , , started chuckling , and allowed , he is old !
convicted murderers serve time alongside thieves and drug dealers with few luxuries .
president george w . bush in sydney last friday has produced expectations that south korean troops will stay at least one more year in iraq .
stern s name is on the birth certificate .
in recent days , sri lanka already in chaos as government and rebels continue a deadly battle has seen a rise in civilian casualties despite heightened security ahead of the country s independence day celebrations monday .
couples who give birth nine months later on russia s national day june will receive money , cars , refrigerators and other prizes .
durbin also asked blagojevich not to name a successor to obama .
toxicology tests had also been carried out and found no evidence that he had been poisoned .
. lifeguards
the premium reflects the inability of the asian countries to purchase oil from regions outside the middle east due to cost factors .
for several seconds , the transmission goes silent .
in voters ranked iraq as their top concern , and in it was terrorism .
in return , north korea will receive , tons of heavy fuel oil , a modest down payment on a promised million tons in oil or aid of a similar value if it ultimately disarms .
firefox comes from mozilla , an open source community in which thousands of people , mostly volunteers , collectively develop free products .
the items affected are go diego go animal rescue boat toys imported by fisher price .
analyst alex potter at collins stewart says the report of higher first quarter profit is a claim few banks in europe will be able to make .
i ve met the man , and he s definitely mentally sick , big time , guseynov told cnn .
valerie plame is suing cheney , his ex aide lewis libby and presidential adviser karl rove , saying they tried to destroy her career .
i called out sue s name twice , and the second time she raised her hand , he said . i announced we had to get her to pittsburgh , to the children s hospital , that they had a heart for her little boy .
everyone sort of just stood back in shock for quite a while , australian captain ricky ponting said when he learned of woolmer s death during his team s win sunday over the netherlands .
xinhua reported the newest aftershocks at . and . magnitudes , citing the china national seismological network . the usgs said they measured . and . magnitude . the chinese news agency said they struck the southwest china town of qingchuan in sichuan province , and neighboring ningqiang in shaanxi province .
the church calls itself the government of god on earth and uses a seal similar to the united states .
family members were unable to get an emergency generator working after a power failure knocked out electricity to the odell family s residence near jackson , about miles northeast of memphis , brother in law will beyer said .
like the unanimous vote , it evoked memories of the soviet era , when the communist party chief held the real power and the formal head of state was little more than a figurehead .
austin , texas cnn lady bird johnson , who was first lady during the s and in her later years became an advocate for beautifying public landscapes , died wednesday , family spokesman tom johnson said .
the three , whose names were not released , had worked at vienna s kaiser franz josef hospital and were arrested after hospital administrators received a tip and alerted police , authorities said .
ap s warren levinson reports republican john mccain stumps again in the keystone state as well as two other key states .
it probably occurred between wednesday evening and thursday morning . us secretary of state colin powell said there was no indication that that was a nuclear event of any kind .
situations for travelers such as khan are at issue in a lawsuit filed last week by the electronic frontier foundation and asian law caucus in u . s . district court for the northern district of california .
the light weight , fuel efficient commercial plane has racked up orders worth more than billion since its market launch in april , boeing said .
there are many companies here seeing a downturn or slowdown in business and to know you re not the only person experiencing that can be quite reassuring .
polls in maryland and the district of columbia close at p . m .
we don t know when we will get that money .
many of you are worried , and have a lot of questions , and you want to know what your government is doing to get our economy back on track .
he said all efforts were being taken to ensure her early release and that government officials were in touch with the teacher s family in the northern british city of liverpool .
the dead include women and children , the group said in an e mail , adding they were killed by chinese police attempting to stop the protests .
presidents roh and kim shook hands and drank a toast after they signed the eight point declaration . the agreement stated
cotte examined the world s most famous painting using a high definition camera of his own design .
our power s back up , the uh danger from the fire itself is um , dissipated , it s not surrounding the facility any longer .
two of those were confirmed to be sailors from the sunken ships , and interfax said the other three were also believed to be seamen from the ships .
they went through the kitchen , they knew what they were doing .
very few people can stay with a goal for an entire year , he said .
as he shoved the foot camera mounting into space . he repeated the moves an hour later with the bulkier ammonia tank .
eve played x box and west kicked back in a poolside cabana at the venetian . ludacris and nelly collected goodies at the hard rock .
chavez made the moves in reaction to an operation carried out at dawn saturday by colombia s national police and its air force in ecuador , which resulted in the death of the second in command of the farc rebels group , luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes .
he lost his last three fights , including his last fight on april against joshua clottey in springfield , missouri .
on wednesday , new video suggested that security forces in tibet had yet to gain control of tibet and neighboring provinces which have suffered eruptions of anti chinese violence since last week .
britain s prince harry has passed the first stage of training to become a military helicopter pilot , following in the footsteps of his brother william , royal officials said thursday .
egyptian mediators are reported to have brokered a truce after at least five people were killed and injured in a day of violence in the gaza strip .
demeo said more details would be shared at a news conference scheduled for p . m . et .
pyongyang walked away from the talks weeks later to protest a u . s . crackdown on banks suspected of helping north korea with illegal financial activities .
swine flu is still out there and spreading , although it s mild .
ciochon , an anthropologist at the university of iowa , and a team of u . s . and chinese researchers , made the find in a limestone cave in south china .
group or people . now , our suspicion is that the prc people s republic of china might be staging such a violent act in the name of tibetan people to mislead the world community , he said in dharamsala , india .
garrison faces a maximum sentence of years , months in prison when he returns to court for sentencing august .
lawmakers voted to in favor of the bill that will permit abortions of pregnancies in the first weeks .
how to recharge your new year s resolution
let s hope there isn t intelligent life out there watching us .
these and other findings came up in a recent poll by gallup korea of foreign investors on korea s business environment .
marines waged a six hour battle around the abdul aziz al samarrai mosque with militants holed up inside before a cobra helicopter fired a hellfire missile at the base of its minaret and an f dropped the bomb .
we all have lives and commitments and any employer that you would even consider working for understands this .
mass action is not a good idea , one man said .
bush said afghanistan s , troops are being aided by , u . s . troops and , troops from other nations .
a u . s . navy s viking aircraft apparently inadvertently strayed into venezuelan airspace saturday night , u . s . officials confirmed monday .
dozens of buildings were reportedly destroyed or damaged .
hong kong health officials said sunday that a man who came down with the illness had been aboard dragonair flight ka from beijing hong kong on march and they were trying to trace the other passengers and crew to see if they were infected .
while many are worrying about filling their gas tanks , many others around the world are struggling to fill their stomachs , and it is getting more and more difficult every day , zoellick said late last week in a speech opening meetings with finance ministers .
sen . hillary clinton embraced the role of underdog and vowed not to quit as she and her rival in the democratic presidential contest , sen . barack obama , stumped across pennsylvania on tuesday .
campbell was removed from the plane and held for eight hours at the airport police station before being released on bail .
it s very important that a transparent and comprehensive investigation move ahead quickly , said white house press secretary dana perino .
there are no signs of a definite recovery from the financial crisis , bureau spokesman li xiaochao said in a nationally televised news conference .
he said he would respond to the negative criticism by pressing ahead with reforms .
korea is likely to have its trade balance cut by up to billion if oil prices remain high , the korea herald quoted a state run trade agency as saying .
osman , , is a lawyer with the sudan organization against torture and has provided free legal aid to victims of human rights abuses in his country for more than two decades .
she can t even leave the house because of the constant care she provides her husband .
europeans in large part do not require a visa to come into this country , so purposefully recruiting an operative from europe gives them an extra edge into getting an operative or two or three into the country with the ability to carry out an attack that might be reminiscent of , mcconnell said .
she flubbed the year that she and her husband attended the state dinner hosted by president bush in honor of the queen , saying it was in .
your arms will get strong , but not the rest of your body .
we are bound by ideals that move us beyond our backgrounds , lift us above our interests and teach us what it means to be citizens .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
between , and , rebel soldiers armed with rifles roamed n djamena s streets in pickup trucks , the spokesman said .
frightened and excited , the year old iraqi boy shrieked and laughed as his father lifted him to safety as each wave crashed around their legs .
senior us officials have singled out iran for criticism , a day after giving a progress report on security in iraq .
jolie has said previously that her twins are due in august .
the incident occurred in the khogyani district of nangarhar province , authorities told cnn .
allegations of bribery and a slush fund creation were not substantiated .
then , in a rare back and forth exchange before the cameras , roh pressed bush to be clearer on his stance to officially ending the korean war , which ended in with a truce , and not a peace treaty , meaning on paper they are still at war .
prosecutors claim shin had an affair with a former top blue house official .
old trafford chief ferguson also reminded his superstars that he will not hesitate to sell any player who believes he is bigger than the premier league club . ferguson has taken a hard line with players throughout his career and his latest comments come after the december players party ended in allegations of rape .
my strong belief is that there is almost no doubt this is an effort directed at the u . s . embassy , the source said .
the former u . n . secretary general will try to mediate between the warring political factions .
the immediate impact of the ruling is that it will allow states to resume executions , which had been on hold since september while the high court considered this appeal .
if we had or years time , then we could develop a technology to deflect an object .
being the boss means i can avoid problems .
bush s speeches wednesday and next week are the latest attempts by the white house to try to reframe the debate over iraq , as public support for the war continues to sag .
but beware , these special brews also are about percent alcohol , which is a higher alcohol content than the typical beer you buy in a bottle in the u . s . and be prepared to drink up .
police said about farmers broke into the companies branches in seoul and staged noisy protests .
moscow , russia cnn natalia bessmertnova , a soviet era prima ballerina who danced with the bolshoi ballet for decades , died tuesday , a spokeswoman for the ballet said .
kerry challenged bush over the war in iraq .
at exactly p . m . the time of the explosion that killed hariri and others the crowd fell silent except for a muezzin making the islamic call to prayer and the tolling of a church bell .
a salaryman worker or a housewife , they usually start out borrowing a small amount of money to keep up with mortgage payments or bills .
a limited trade deal has been reached in hong kong after developing countries approved a european union offer to end farm export subsidies by .
there is late word that a total of more than people are now dead in the series of highly co ordinated attacks the number increasing after commandos who storm the headquarters of an ultra orthodox jewish group found the bodies of five hostages inside .
two marine pilots are dead after their super cobra helicopter crashed in a remote section of southern california s cleveland national forest .
in lebanon , the bush administration will support the government to help marginalize violent extremists , according to rice .
national guard troops fired tear gas and rubber bullets monday into a crowd of protesters angry over a decision by president hugo chavez that forced a critical television station off the air .
he stressed a political solution is needed so that refugees will be able to go home .
kasparov said his arrest was intended to ensure that president vladimir putin s party holds on to power .
argentine football great diego maradona tried to check himself out of a buenos aires hospital just hours after he fell ill from excessive eating , drinking and smoking , his doctor said on thursday .
corning says it s cutting people loose , that s of its payroll .
south korea is testing more livestock for foot and mouth disease after pigs in four separate farms tested positive .
two female south korean hostages were set free monday by a group of taliban militants who kidnapped them and others more than three weeks ago in afghanistan , an afghan official told cnn .
still , her party has yet to resolve a potentially damaging wrangle over who should be the next prime minister .
they also accuse the west of supporting what the communists call tibetan separatists , and the western media of bias .
we know that simple , achievable interventions can reduce the risk of contracting diarrheal disease by a third .
a committee of the influential physicians group had proposed video game addiction be listed as a mental disorder in the american diagnostic and statistic manual of mental disorders , a guide used by the american psychiatric association in diagnosing mental illness .
patrick kennedy , and his niece , caroline kennedy , before a screaming capacity crowd of students at american university in washington .
born into a poor family from the low caste mallah community , devi was forced into marriage at age to a man more than years her senior .
he was acquitted of conspiracy to kidnap or rape .
calvin coolidge walked his raccoons on a leash .
but senate democrats say burris will be denied .
one of the footprint trails zigzags to find the safest path down the steep incline .
in some cultures , child soldiers percent of whom can be girls are considered expendable cannon fodder , she said .
the architects describe the end result as a surprisingly natural , bark like texture .
a top campaign official from mccain s camp has been in ongoing discussions with giuliani s campaign about endorsing mccain s candidacy , a gop official familiar with talks told cnn tuesday .
cnn swiss police were scrambling monday in search of three masked men who stole four impressionist paintings worth about million million swiss francs sunday in a heist police characterized as spectacular .
endeavour will be carrying a new support beam for the half finished space station and a replacement gyroscope needed to help the outpost maintain its position in space .
officers went into an apartment and saw the man , later identified as xue , being held on the floor .
he said the cargo vessel was slightly damaged , and it was not known if anyone aboard it was hurt .
the fatality in texas came in a chain reaction pile up involving more than vehicles , including several tractor trailer rigs , on interstate , police said .
in an article in the sunday telegraph , he said there were currently more than , people in the country awaiting organ donation but only , transplants were carried out each year .
new orleans , louisiana cnn the bloodiest city in the country in , reeling from crime in its struggle to recover from hurricane katrina , got even worse in .
we are still in discussion with nokia about how to divide the replacement cost , said matsushita spokesman akira kadota .
abe was referring to as many as , comfort women , many of them korean , who were forced to work as sexual slaves for japanese soldiers on the front lines .
the complete bbc series and pirates of the caribbean
jerome kerviel , the man at the center of a multi billion trading scandal will be jailed while the investigation into his alleged fraud is conducted , his lawyer confirmed to cnn friday .
already , disney is running ads showing a retired couple visiting disney world in florida .
tokyo s recovery heartened investors in hong kong , where the hang seng index , down as much as . percent , climbed . percent to , . .
the activists including prominent pro democracy leader min ko naing are accused of making illegal statements .
some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters .
patrick s day , a day to wear green and also a day to give away some green .
the kids loved operation spy and the spy tools in the museum s permanent exhibits a soviet listening device hidden inside the heel of a target s shoe , a lipstick pistol and poison gas gun nearly as much as they loved the gift shop , which offered every spy toy imaginable .
taggen , a year old crocodile , was reported missing monday from his cage at the bergen aquarium after his captors broke the latch over the weekend and took the reptile , said marine biologist kees oscar ekeli , the aquarium s director .
once it was clear that an invasion was imminent , hussein asked his generals to hold off the allied forces for two weeks , piro said .
two u . s . soldiers have been charged with the premeditated murders of three iraqis killed in three separate incidents between april and june of this year , according to a u . s . military statement .
an investigation into the work of discredited south korean cloning scientist hwang woo suk has found further fabrications in his research .
south korea and the united states on monday began last minute negotiations to resolve issues pending in their free trade agreement fta talks .
several islamist groups including pro taliban militants had made threats against ms bhutto .
among the wrapped up sectors are services , technical barriers to trade tbt , electronic commerce , competition , procurement , customs clearance and transparency , according to the korea times .
demonstrators said they would end their siege at bangkok s major airport after thailand s top court banned the prime minister from public office for five years and dissolved his ruling party after finding it committed electoral fraud .
i think when any culture is interrupted by the tragedy of war , it s particularly important to go back and visit those ancient traditions , but we are in the st century and it s also important to bring those traditions forward , said john burt , the show s executive producer and founding chair emeritus of cambodian living arts , which commissioned the production .
it was unclear whether those estimates included people on the ground .
facing intense pressure from shareholders to juice its bottom line , as the company s stock has risen just percent since prince took the reins as chief executive in october .
it s now pointing in that direction , one of the sources close to the transition said of gates being part of obama s national security team , which may include sen . hillary clinton as secretary of state .
the wave of abductions
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the sea shepherd campaign group said the two a briton and an australian had been assaulted and tied to the radar mast by the japanese crew .
aloha , which filed for bankruptcy for chapter bankruptcy protection on march , was a casualty of fierce competition and rising fuel prices .
co founders bill gates and paul allen assured ibm that in addition to developing the basic programming language for the ibm pc , microsoft could provide an operating system .
the order , which was sought by goldman s father , initially did not apply to the advance simpson received from the book and tv deal for if i did it because fred goldman had filed a federal lawsuit over the funds .
the u . s . launch of the gigabyte model was widely expected , since sony has already announced it for japan and europe .
the series began in with raiders of the lost ark , followed by indiana jones and the temple of doom in .
he later confessed to the crime .
he downed chicken wings in about minutes .
president robert mugabe was sworn in sunday after the zimbabwe electoral commission declared he overwhelmingly won the country s disputed runoff election .
copper and nickel prices have tripled since and the price of zinc has quadrupled , said rep . luis gutierrez , d illinois , whose subcommittee oversees the u . s . mint .
the northern salmon co . ltd . said billions of jellyfish in a dense pack of about square miles and feet deep overwhelmed the fish last week in two net pens about a mile off the coast of the glens of antrim , north of belfast .
pakistani information minister mohammad ali durani told cnn the reports initially from the new york times are ridiculous .
the poll could be held on november , if a post coup constitution is approved in an august referendum , he said .
the men were arrested monday night and heard the charges against them tuesday in federal court .
the document says snipes shipped millions of dollars to accounts in switzerland , antigua and the isle of man to avoid taxes .
forbes bumped up slim because gains from his holding company carso and fixed line telecom telmex added to the mexican s fortune while shares of buffett s berkshire hathaway inc . fell in the same period .
although district councilors have little real power , the election had been seen as a litmus test of the public s appetite for democratic reform amid an economic upturn , and the democrats popularity ahead of more important legislative polls next year .
the graphic , page investigative report relied on video , recovered debris and medical findings , supplemented with computer modeling and analyses .
the organization of american states passed by voice vote its planned solution to ending the crisis that arose saturday , when colombia s military attacked a rebel camp in neighboring ecuador .
the leaderboard at the ladies professional golf association s safeway classic at columbia edgewater country club in portland , oregon , yesterday resembled that of a korean golf tournament .
we have come not to take that too seriously , said nicolosi , a year old married mother and grandmother who lives in red wing , minnesota , and said her group is composed of to women priests , none of whom are recognized by the church hierarchy .
the home office would not comment on individual cases , but said the government had the power to refuse entrance to anyone whose presence would not be conducive to the public good .
berlin , germany cnn three people are dead and many more injured after a major storm struck southwestern germany , officials said tuesday .
nepal s former king said on wednesday he is not going to leave his country even though the monarchy has been abolished .
but cheong wa dae , the national assembly , and the prosecution and police will retain their separate briefing rooms .
the military does not punish doctors who won t participate in force feeding , haupt wrote friday in an e mail response to questions from the associated press .
this closure would add roughly two weeks to that shutdown .
the undisclosed north korean and russian plan to the link the tsr with rajin was revealed .
ichiro suzuki bashing his way to a batting title and an mvp award last year was just the tip of the tsunami , so to speak .
this is lead author ian ayres explaining the findings on kabc tv .
in the new study , the researchers attached eight types of headphones to ipods and tested them on patients with icds .
the microsoft subsidiary filed a complaint with the police last month .
the credit card companies should , however , back up their belief in these systems by lowering fees for all merchants who support them , litan said .
a more likely time frame for that production is between and , it concludes .
drawn up by the us occupation authorities after wwii , it bans military force in settling international disputes and prohibits maintaining a military for warfare .
the center put the earthquake at a . magnitude .
the . express breakfast on a weekday at the counter a . m . is a nice alternative .
but progress came to a halt after north korea missed a year end deadline to disclose all of its nuclear facilities .
in wednesday s by elections , the party failed to win a single seat , continuing its fourth consecutive defeat in by elections in the past two years .
bartz is taking over an embattled yahoo .
the taliban spokesman qari yousaf ahmadi said in an interview with the korea times that even if the meeting orders the release of the hostages , this would not affect any taliban decision concerning them .
ioc president jacques rogge opened a sealed envelope and read the words the russians longed to hear
as a result of the six party talks . . . we are now in a . . . much more positive environment , elbaradei said . i d like to see that positive environment translated into positive action .
six americans are among the dead . nasa keeps endeavour in orbit high winds and storms and the forecast for the kennedy space center in florida force cancellation to the day s first opportunity to land .
rallies against the impeachment of president roh is the largest of its kind since .
it s time for him to leave , said bhutto in a phone interview with cnn tuesday morning , as pakistani riot police arrested her supporters .
he was a cigar and martini man , and was perpetually rumpled .
some pages later he gives the example of one his disciples who was involved in a traffic accident in beijing .
especially the irrawaddy delta in southern myanmar also known as burma , the un said in a release .
the parent had received a text message from her daughter that she believed a student was carrying a gun .
since pyongyang refused access to international atomic energy agency iaea inspectors almost two years ago , the stalinist enclave has had time to secure enough plutonium for four to six nuclear weapons , said mohamed el baradei , head of the iaea monday in an interview with the new york times .
through their three day ordeal , the oldest son , chris , , tried to keep his younger brother and sister optimistic .
lindesay wants other parts maintained in their current weathered state and to safeguard spectacular vistas around the wall from what he called view pollution .
china and taiwan are believed to actively spy on each other .
labor minister kim dae hwan announced the ministry decision to arbitrate the korean air labor dispute , citing its detrimental blow to the nation s economy and massive air transportation holdups that have stranded passengers .
russia , involved in the complex bank transfer , said saturday it had taken delivery of the m . m funds .
in the s , japan s bubble economy created unsustainable growth in tokyo and property prices in the capital went through the roof .
the powerful blast erupted into a huge fireball and damaged dozens of cars as they filled the streets at p . m . a . m . et .
the year old was admitted for tests overnight after she reported she was in a little bit of pain .
dr . charles sophy has been seeing hilton , , for the past eight months and has talked with her several times since her may hearing for violating the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case , according to court papers .
a police investigation is under way .
west ham united is a wonderful club and a well run company , fridgeirsson said .
rice , who sat down with cnn s zain verjee in a wide ranging exit interview , also said her historic trip to libya in september to meet with leader moammar gadhafi was one of the high points of her service .
the smaller the amounts of alcohol drunk , the smaller the benefits .
iran , libya and venezuela are among the countries attending the gas exporting countries forum , which observers say is fast emerging as an opec style gas producers cartel .
the earliest possible date for elections is june or july .
the elah valley , which shares its name with the fortress .
the shuttle will land in just under minutes at edwards air force base in california , rather than the kennedy space center , because of continued stormy weather in florida .
winehouse s spokesman , chris goodman , said the arrest is connected to a video that is alleged to show the troubled singer taking drugs at a party in her home in north london .
afaq tv said one of its cameramen , wisam ali odah , was killed by a u . s . sniper in the ubaidi section of new baghdad , in eastern baghdad .
but the public is already making an assessment , and it s not good .
the nis confirmed that a total of computers in government organizations have been assaulted by two kinds of information stealing viruses the peep trojan and backdoor revacc .
in march , israel announced plans to build homes in east jerusalem as part of the jerusalem mayor s initiative to construct , homes in the city to ease the housing plight of young couples .
several hours later a second earthquake of magnitude . struck in the sea off kyoto in western japan .
mustafa akaydin , head of turkey s higher education commission , is against the proposal .
it s weak construction . children panicked at a second school about a mile away when they thought their building was shaking , gaillis said .
the ukrainian company accused gazprom of deliberately failing to meet its obligations to the european union .
his lawyers were detained ahead of his trial .
if we were not here , those children who we had found now with severe acute malnutrition would have died at home , unicef emergency nutrition project officer samson dessie said .
president cristina fernandez on tuesday defended an increase in export taxes on grains that has riled many farmers , and she called on them to respect the law in protesting her policies .
in an earlier role , he was a leader of the libyan islamic fighting group , which
morgan tsvangirai , leader of main opposition party the movement for democratic change , attended the summit and expected it to take a strong stance against mugabe s government and demand that he relinquish power .
today , cuzco is peru s main tourism hub and a launching point for visitors to the jungle shrouded ruins of machu picchu , miles northwest .
al zawahiri also took aim at democrats , directing a part of his message to them .
rice also sees israeli foreign minister tzipi livni on friday .
most palestinian women don t smoke .
the two mode system got a lot of buzz late last year at the los angeles auto show , where the hybrid chevrolet tahoe was named the green car of the year by the green car journal .
during a joint news conference with rice , abbas indicated his negotiators have already agreed on some issues with israel , but he did not specify which ones .
jolie has drawn praise for her portrayal of mariane pearl , a strong woman put under unbearable pressure .
he cautioned against premature optimism , saying there has to be a follow on phase and that is the actual abandonment of the fissile material and explosive devices on the dprk s north korea s side .
nin is moving in with diane holmes and mike pelchat , rangers at mount washington state park , after years of petting and pampering from visitors and researchers alike .
ferenci was monday sentenced to weeks jail after admitted two counts of dangerous driving at oxford crown court .
is to promote alternative energies and their potential .
however , a quirk of islamic law says she can go free if she manages to escape while the stoning is taking place .
clinton encouraged her kentucky supporters to vote in the upcoming primary , saying sunday , if we get everybody turned out , it s going to send a great message to our country that you don t stop democracy in its tracks .
at one point he was known as the sheriff of wall street for the vigor with which he pursued dirty dealing in high finance .
the baghdad woman , majda ameen , died on monday in a hospital , where she was admitted seven days before her death .
the premise of yes man is what ?
he won national notoriety for harshly attacking lee in tv addresses and discussions during the presidential campaign .
there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , but it was greeted with celebrations in the gaza strip , where an israeli offensive in recent days killed more than palestinians , about half of whom were identified as civilians .
the number of people filing for state jobless benefits decreased by , to , in the week ended may , the report said .
attackers targeting iraqi police and civilians in and around baghdad on sunday killed people and wounded others , iraqi officials said .
he said that when his father died , he left coordinates leading to the spot in deutschneudorf . it s not about getting the reward , hanisch said at the site . i just want to know if my father was right and if my instincts were right .
to his people , he is seen as a humanitarian and as the leader of hamas . to israel , the united states and a list of other nations , he is seen as a terrorist .
meanwhile , in an effort to defuse the latest flare up in tensions , israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas will meet next week , olmert s office said in a statement released tuesday .
zarqawi s group denied sending a message to threaten attacks on japan .
the men had quite a bit more activity in the brain region that integrates visual stimuli .
there has also been growing criticism of the president from within his party the democratic progressive party , or dpp .
us democrats rolled out a bush truth squad tuesday to state the facts as they see them and challenge the president s assertions at every turn of the campaign .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
south korea and u . s . were believed to have reached an agreement during the visit of u . s .
the italian foreign ministry said on wednesday it was investigating a claim by an iraqi photographer who said militants showed him the body of a man together with an italian passport .
un workers peered down at the message from the office windows .
that s the coolest thing .
he said his group was moved times , usually on motorbikes or on foot .
all were aged between and , police said .
styles gave chelsea a spot kick when florent malouda went down despite minimal contact from liverpool defender steve finnan and frank lampard converted to give the london side a draw at anfield .
the toilet worked normally .
mark sanders of the maryland natural resources police .
but funds and preservation know how are stretched thin .
taiwan lodged its objection citing fears of bias and the step forced a meeting on the matter to be adjourned .
henriette claimed seven lives even before it strengthened into a hurricane .
the apology , signed by network president choi moon soon , read in part , investigations conducted by the company proved that several mbc officials were connected with a bribery scandal .
watch the range of reaction to the agreements
korea and singapore sealed a free trade agreement .
police said it will take time to identify the dead as many of their bodies were severely burned .
chavez also called for creating an international fund to promote solar , wind , geothermal and other alternative energy sources .
it s believed that since , the cats are only visitors north of the border .
some would argue the u . s . side is already a major power , after being ranked fourth in the world prior to the world cup , however , the team has since slipped to th in the rankings .
germany has resisted repeated french attempts in recent years to seize greater control of the company , which was founded in with a merger of the two countries top aerospace firms .
perceived as a senior statesman in the democratic party , gore brings a certain force to obama s campaign , political analysts have said .
during his year run as the host of meet the press , the longest of any host in the show s year history , russert earned the respect and admiration of many journalists and politicians .
government officials say the slaughter prevents the spread of the disease brucellosis from the yellowstone bison to cattle on land near the park .
foreigners with permanent residency here will cast ballots in the upcoming local elections in may , exercising their voting rights for the first time to elect governors , mayors and council members .
the bomb lance fragment , lodged in a bone between the whale s neck and shoulder blade , was likely manufactured in new bedford , on the southeast coast of massachusetts , a major whaling center at that time , bockstoce said .
after someone opened the door , an year old child ran towards the costumed pardo , and he shot her directly in the face , police said .
we applaud scholastic s progressive and bold commitment to support responsible forestry practices by buying fsc certified and recycled papers , liza murphy , senior marketing manager in the rainforest alliance s sustainable forestry program , said in a statement issued by scholastic .
additionally , transporting such species into the united states requires a customs declaration .
. microsoft not being on general sale .
in new jersey , rising complaints about bears prompted officials in to allow black bear hunting for the first time in more than three decades .
for the first time , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke acknowledged last week that a recession was possible .
should dubai oil prices stay in the range of over per barrel , the country s imports will increase by . billion in the coming months , the korea international trade association estimated .
and i bet you can guess what , or who , is number one .
seven hundred years ago , siena was a major military power in a class with florence , venice and genoa .
but he has not yet clarified whether he will continue paying homage to the religious institution that honors . million japanese war dead , including convicted class a war criminals .
the rev . jeremiah wright , sen . barack obama s controversial former pastor , has canceled his plans to speak at church services in houston , texas , this weekend in the wake of the recent uproar over portions of his past sermons .
bao xishun , a foot herdsman from inner mongolia , met his bride earlier this year after searching high and low , sending advertisements around the world .
the numbers come in a letter to rep . john spratt , chairman of the house budget committee , in response to a request from spratt s office .
police in the province of upper austria said five of the injured people were seriously hurt .
according to gleaves whitney , a presidential historian at michigan s grand valley state university , ii chronicles was used for three swearing in ceremonies if my people , who are called by my name , will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways , then will i hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
georgia lawmakers have voted to phase out the electric chair and make lethal injection the state s primary means of execution , two months after a similar move in florida .
josef fritzl , , confessed last month to holding his daughter captive in a cellar below the family home for years , repeatedly raping her , and fathering seven children with her .
reeling from the defeat of it s unpopular plan to relocate the national capital out of seoul , the governing uri party began an effort yesterday to revise the laws governing the constitutional court , claiming that the nation s highest court is filled with overly conservative judges .
it was an absolute freak accident , kaplan said . all the piece of steel had to do was fall slightly left or right and nothing would have happened .
hotel heiress hilton spent days in jail for violating probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
the supreme court ruled that capital punishment can be applied only to murderers , striking down a death sentence for a louisiana man convicted of sexually assaulting his year old stepdaughter .
at the inquest , al fayed testified that diana and dodi were engaged and planned an announcement the monday after the crash .
while investigations are ongoing , so far , none of the threats have been deemed credible , fbi spokesman richard kolko told cnn late thursday afternoon .
but production was continuing except in one small field , he said .
the movie will be scored by randy newman , who also wrote the music for disney s toy story , a bug s life , toy story , monsters , inc . and cars .
iran has offered before to train iraqi forces and provide them with equipment .
the aid package is worth million . watch how the deal was made
much of the violence since wednesday s strike came despite curfews and vehicle bans imposed in baghdad and other regions . interactive
if not , organizers are working on a second show that will include history and packages of film and concepts that are not normally ones that we would have for the show if we were moving straight ahead .
some questioned why bell was not stopped after she was seen driving erratically and striking an unmarked police cruiser minutes before the rampage .
speaking by phone to an israeli television reporter , haniya said such a deal would call for hamas to stop firing rockets into israel and for an end to the israeli military s targeted killings of palestinian militants .
bombings in iraqi cities have claimed at least lives .
madrid , spain cnn members of the basque separatist group eta have shot dead a spanish civil guard and seriously wounded another in southern france , spanish officials said .
astronaut lisa nowak tuesday was ordered released on an additional , bond for an attempted murder charge involving a romantic rival .
the recall of about , toys comes a week after us firm mattel recalled . million toys .
meanwhile , caravans of the cleric s followers were converging on najaf , south of diwaniya , for an anti american demonstration scheduled there monday at al sadr s behest .
and perhaps more interestingly , that the saucy mollusks engage in a decidedly rough form of foreplay .
in october , winehouse and her husband were arrested at a norwegian hotel for marijuana possession , and soon after fans booed her on stage as she slurred and stumbled her way through her songs .
the prosecutors complained about the rejection and went looking for more grounds to add to the warrant application in order to convince the court that shin needs to be jailed ahead of a trial .
we are working very hard considering the deadline , said a south korean embassy official , who declined to give details .
they are clearly excited , but now the vips , the people with tickets , are coming in and filling their seats .
the positive and negative pressures produced by the machine forced air into her lungs and then expelled it .
aviation analyst howard wheeldon , of brokerage firm bgc partners in london , said the french investigation initially involved people .
zink was founded in by private investors who bought many technologies from polaroid as it was coming out of bankruptcy .
in recent weeks , north korea has escalated tensions by test firing two short range missiles and intercepting a u . s . reconnaissance plane off the country s east coast .
especially when you ve got money .
the decision to move the troops came last month when defense secretary robert gates visited the then commander in afghanistan , lt . gen . karl eikenberry .
musharraf is in a difficult spot , bolton said . even the military is filled with islamic fundamentalists that he s tried to keep in lower positions .
but al zawahiri did not reserve his venom only for the crusaders and zionists .
one potential hurdle is a declaration spelling out what north korea has been hiding .
cossey is awaiting trial in juvenile court on charges stemming from what prosecutors called a plot to attack his former school , plymouth whitemarsh , in the philadelphia suburb of plymouth meeting .
accident and defect rates fell and productivity gains were enough to cover the reduced time , a company spokesman said .
a chinese policewoman is being hailed as a hero after taking it upon herself to breast feed several infants who lost their mothers or whose mothers couldn t feed them after china s devastating earthquake .
making mortgage payments and building retirement accounts also kept people awake , with percent and percent , respectively , listing those as their main concerns , the survey said .
a top clinton fundraiser says it is expected to happen on friday .
federal sentencing guidelines suggest jones could face jail time . she has been ordered back to court on january , , for sentencing .
what we re trying to do is move students out of their comfort zone , said mike nicholson , oxford university admissions director .
general assembly in new york , bush criticized the u . n . human rights panel for its failure to speak up on these regimes in north korea , burma , syria , belarus and iran .
launching an appeal for financial help , president bush said this was an agonizing time for the people there but he promised help was on its way .
residents said they evacuated the building after hearing a crack in the roof , but some went back inside before the building collapsed , istanbul governor muammer guler told cnn turk .
at least three people in minnesota , three in wyoming and one each in texas , kansas and wisconsin died in traffic accidents stemming from the storm .
as milk tries to explain to his heterosexual colleague dan white josh brolin , this isn t about principles , it s about people s lives
keeping track of climate change
berlin , germany cnn a three day strike by a german train drivers union halted travel across the country thursday as the workers extended the action to include passenger trains .
los angeles , california cnn there was a time around when no matter where you were in the car , on the stairmaster , at the dentist s office you couldn t help but hear my heart will go on , the soaring celine dion ballad from titanic .
other record setting attempts that sparked controversy included a dutch man who attempted to scale the peak wearing only shorts .
that is greater than the . billion in imports that japan took from the united states and the . billion it took in from the european union .
an earlier incorrect report that the plane also carried five cambodians as passengers was the result of a misunderstanding , said sith sakal , head of the aviation secretariat s security department .
but so far this year , it looks like disney s parks will bounce back strongly .
gm , ford and chrysler are promising to submit a blueprint for improvements to congress .
car dealers can t move vehicles , contractors can t sell renovations and additions to homes , appliance makers can t sell what they make .
accompanied by two helicopters , olmert arrived by motorcade at a five star hotel just a few hundred yards from a permanent israeli army checkpoint on the outskirts of jericho .
a government source said merkel is expected to meet with president roh moo hyun during her stay in seoul to discuss ways of promoting ties between the two countries , particularly economic cooperation on the occasion of the th anniversary of the kgcci .
indeed , privacy advocates say etc billing should be as anonymous as the coins tossed into tollbooths .
both were at the rawalpindi park where bhutto was assassinated on december as she left a political campaign rally , said investigator chaudhry abdul majeed .
these children , some as young as , become fighters , sex slaves , spies and even human shields .
today more than ever before , science holds the key to our survival as a planet and our security and prosperity as a nation .
it is unclear how many people will be affected
signing off , the star says i m tom hanks , i wrote and approved this message , and i m now going to turn off the camera .
the fake bumps are being tested on a section of road in a business and residential area in philadelphia s northeastern corner .
tonight in the nfc , the arizona cardinals are on the east coast to face the carolina panthers .
customers buy scratch cards in increments of additional talk time of , and minutes , according to company officials .
the us said at the time four people died during a military operation , but iraqi police claimed that us troops had deliberately shot the people .
president george w . bush allowed u . s . technology firms to sell high speed computers to russia , china , india and countries in the middle east , designed to halt the spread of nuclear arms .
the saturday raid , which ecuador s president rafael correa said violated his nation s airspace , left two colombian rebels dead .
families of the victims of northern ireland s worst terror attack in years of violence have criticized police over their handling of the case after a man accused of carrying out the atrocity was found not guilty on counts of murder .
the white house lauded the papers , saying such research is what president bush was advocating when he twice vetoed legislation to pave the way for taxpayer funded embryo research .
followers see him as a prophet who communicates with god and holds dominion over their salvation .
cigarette packs to show graphic warnings
at , he was japan s youngest post war head of government .
zarqawi died when us planes dropped two lb bombs on a site near the city of baquba .
any deal will no doubt raise eyebrows in the us which wants sanctions against iran due to tehran s nuclear ambitions .
the storm killed people hundreds of homes and businesses damaged or destroyed in kansas , kentucky , illinois and missouri .
cervical cancer being the leading cancer killer among women , the report found .
that figure is about percent less than the previous all time low of . million square kilometers . million square miles set in september
since my remarks on the so called comfort women issue have not been accurately reported , i expressed my true intention to president bush just to clarify , abe said .
other pledges include a canal connecting the country s rivers , education reforms and plans for erecting an international center for all businesses involving science technology .
the visit was made after a u . s . court terminated his probation status last month .
earlier this year , a man meeting his description was spotted in sicily , italy .
the first election was march .
he has met the standard of being a successful president , being an exceptional president , he said .
regarded by some as semi divine , he is known for his lifelong dedication to helping thailand s needy .
i ve just lost my best friend , quiet riot drummer frankie banali told cnn . out of respect for both kevin and his family , i won t comment further .
what s changed is republicans .
two pakistani intelligence officials say taliban militants and arab foreigners died in the attack .
it took a handful of police to move the piano into a vehicle to transport it to storage , so it would appear that putting it into the woods took more than one person .
the stakes are high for our citizens and for our economy , and with gasoline running at more than four bucks a gallon , many do not have the luxury of waiting on the far off plans of futurists and politicians , mccain will say tuesday in houston , texas , according to excerpts of his speech released by his campaign .
medvedev , who is also chairman of the state energy giant gazprom , said he wanted putin to remain at the center of russian political life because it was important to continue the political course that has been started in the late s .
hwang expressed anger at what the aide called a warning from the chinese embassy , arguing that a south korean politician can articulate any kind of thought or idea and do anything he believes is right .
myanmar s government has put the death toll at , .
this is much lower than a national survey published in the lancet journal that put the number during the same period at more than , , but higher than the figures compiled from media reports by the iraq body count , which registered more than , deaths , the study said .
before the rebels took control of the park , of the gorillas were accustomed to human contact .
dumont , who was later sentenced to years in prison in france , was reportedly trying to set up a terror cell when he lived undisturbed in japan in and .
the city s perimeter expanded with the addition of the th , th and th ring roads , linking districts and satellite towns while accommodating an estimated . million cars .
the campaign , for fashion label nolita , flash partners is intended to show the reality of anorexia an illness the company says that in most cases is caused by the stereotypes imposed on women by the fashion world .
officials say the pyramids schemes raked in at least , from million people .
nine former and current employees of kia motors and related companies were indicted yesterday on charges of illegally transferring core automobile production technology to china , prosecutors said yesterday .
in an interview with the joongang ilbo on tuesday , christopher hill , the chief u . s . negotiator in the six party talks , indicated the next round of talks should be spent discussing the dismantlement of the north s nuclear programs instead of wasting time going over a joint statement reached last week which stated the principles of bringing an end to the north korean nuclear crisis .
the yongbyon complex has been at the center of north korea s weapons programs for decades and is believed to have produced a nuclear device detonated a year ago by pyongyang to prove its nuclear capability .
at the french open , roddick s best showing came in his debut in when he reached the third round .
facebook , one of the web s most popular social networking sites , allows users to create personal profiles .
paris police had conceived a security plan to keep the torch in a safe bubble , the associated press reported .
in his bbc interview , williams strongly criticized the implementation of sharia to suppress human rights . however , he said that muslims should not have to choose between the stark alternatives of cultural loyalty or state loyalty .
links to the edited videos were posted on the web site of london s metropolitan police , and were played in kingston crown court where mohammed shakil , , waheed ali , , and sadeer saleem , , are accused of aiding the bombers
produced by oscar winning director james cameron and directed by simcha jacobovici , the documentary has drawn intense media coverage for its claims challenging accepted christian dogma .
the dollar has been weak against major currencies .
china has also embraced destructive warfare techniques , the report says , enabling it to carry out cyber attacks on other countries infrastructure .
he entered no plea , the spokeswoman said .
carter told the bbc that britain s support made it more difficult for critics of the war , and that things could have been different if britain spoke out against the invasion .
the democratic contenders , speaking in states that hold critical primaries march , were already looking ahead of the democratic primary in wisconsin the biggest of the three states up for grabs tuesday .
the tape of the girl s sexual assault was given to authorities by darren tuck , who told police he had found it in the desert five months earlier .
on top of winning the mayor s post , the gnp clinched the entire ward leadership and seats in the city council up for grabs .
the iranian mission to the u . n . said it had not been told of the decision , but in a statement issued wednesday evening , it called the rejection unfortunate .
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said the u . s . president would not be deterred .
in other violence , at least people were killed and at least were wounded thursday when a car bomb detonated in the main street of central baghdad s karrada district , iraq s interior ministry said .
taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi , speaking by phone to journalist thomas coghlan , said the first german was killed at five minutes past noon saturday and that the second man was set to be killed an hour later unless they heard from the german or afghan government .
the image , made from a series of shots taken by the orbiting hubble space telescope in spring and summer of , depicts star birth in a new level of detail .
new industries have sprung up everywhere , some for domestic processing of agricultural commodities and some for import substitution .
calling the move against international trade policies , samsung said it was considering taking the issue to the world trade organization .
the prime minister said al sadr s movement is committed to banning armed groups and not interfering with the new security plan .
hundreds of kenyans fled the western town of kisumu , fearing more strife after kibaki named half of a new cabinet , a lineup packed with his allies .
the mission involves japanese vessels in the indian ocean providing refuelling and other logistical support to us military planes , and the us has made clear it sees these activities as vital .
a group of foreign businesses including chinese companies have started negotiations to acquire korean mid tier makers that are having a hard time financially .
karzai was giving a speech to the elders and residents of andar district in ghazni province when rockets were fired nearby , said ali shah ahmadzai , provincial police chief .
whoever has a baby monitor knows what you ll usually see , meilinger said . no one would ever expect this .
four of the victims were or younger .
the child died on the way to a hospital sunday , health authorities told the xinhua news agency .
a study of pregnant women , for instance , suggested that a nitroglycerin patch normally used to prevent angina , delayed premature delivery when applied to the abdomen during preterm labor .
the foreign office has not named the four russian diplomats , but they are known to be intelligence officers . the uk s director of public prosecutions has recommended lugovoi be tried for murder by deliberate poisoning .
democrat barack obama scored an easy win in vermont , the first of four states to wrap up its voting on tuesday in presidential showdowns that could decide the fate of hillary clinton s white house bid .
two giant pandas arrived in taiwan tuesday after leaving china s sichuan province for their new home , in a sign of improving ties between the cross strait neighbors .
though most passengers made other arrangements to london , five lucky passengers unable to be rebooked made the , kilometer , mile flight in business class , with two crew members per passenger .
the islamic state of iraq claimed responsibility for last month s ambush and called on the u . s . military to halt its search for the missing soldiers .
boris yeltsin , who played a key role in the soviet union s demise and became russia s first president , has died aged , the kremlin says .
he was also a strong supporter of environmental causes and worked to improve the lives of nepal s sherpas .
the u . s . negotiator at discussions on north korean nuclear status says little progress has been made during the first day of the latest round of talks .
simpson armed robbery and kidnapping case is wrapping up in las vegas .
crude oil s recent run above a barrel has been largely attributed to a steadily depreciating u . s . currency because a weakening dollar prompts investors to seek a safe haven in hard commodities such as oil and gold .
he played moses in the ten commandments .
it was one of the highest death tolls this year among africans trying to escape poverty and reach europe s southern gateway .
they subconsciously evaluate mating potential from the chemicals in their partner s saliva and breath , for instance .
apart from the glory , he received a custom made flying finn electric guitar worth , .
america s newspapers are losing readers faster .
former president bill clinton entered the office with a robust head of salt and pepper hair and a healthy habit of running .
breaking news out of pakistan , where officials say a suspected us missile strike has killed people in a region along the afghan border .
on sunday five bodies were found on evia , bringing the death toll to .
on friday , superior court judge michael sauer sent hilton back to jail for violating terms of her probation from a alcohol related reckless driving conviction .
nobody has yet shouted out bingo ! in middle of a steve jobs presentation
the most recent estimate of the nation s inflation rate said it exceeds , percent , but economists say it is much higher .
there , and frankly a lot of the workers don t know
the identification of davis body ended a search by thousands of volunteers .
when asked whether he understands his father , the athlete said it is difficult for him to fully understand the circumstances at that time .
former president kim dae jung is ready to play a role in the relationship with north korea .
yonhap said it appeared much stronger than a train explosion that killed at least people in april .
that are kind of doing us a favor .
or the only option will be bankruptcy .
authorities say two suitcases packed with crude unexploded bombs and bottles of gasoline were found in undamaged train cars .
for philly , it was more than a world series win .
budget travel i was sitting on a croatian beach a few years ago , staring in amazement at the glorious adriatic sea , when my traveling companion said , if you think this is beautiful , you should see montenegro someday .
democrats barack obama and hillary clinton jockeyed for position on sunday in a bruising u . s . presidential race after obama scored a landslide win in a south carolina primary tinged with the issue of race .
paraphrasing a suicide note he left in their home , she said , he didn t want to be a burden to people and said that he was a piece of s all of his life and that now he d be famous .
they taught us to admire christopher columbus and superman , chavez said , adding that education based on capitalist ideology had destroyed the values of children .
that crash happened at sao paulo s congonhas airport , widely criticized for having a short runway that makes landing tricky during rainy conditions .
she walked past sheriff s deputies into a sport utility vehicle where her parents waited .
he noted that the courts don t work and some media outlets have made deals with the authorities . but there is now , he said , a relatively free press .
more wildfire evacuations in southern california
it has affected everything from machinery manufacturers to seed companies .
the pkk has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey .
a college ring lost more than years ago by a former undercover officer for the cia has been found in an underwater cave off the coast of africa .
can the potato really do all of that ? according to the united nations , yes .
the closing ceremony was also moved to a new site .
the australian federal police said the extra time granted by magistrates would allow them to consider the evidence they have gathered so far .
prior to the book s selection , east of eden had averaged annual sales of around , copies .
a gay rights demonstration in moscow degenerated into violence for the second year running as right wing and orthodox extremists attacked gay rights activists and supporters of the unauthorised demonstration .
zardari bhutto s widower and sharif vowed to uphold the charter for democracy , a document signed by the once rival opposition parties last may .
and too much time is spent in naked pursuit of power instead of working for peace and prosperity .
in an agreement reached last month outlining initial steps to implement a broader agreement , the north has to shut down and seal the yongbyon nuclear reactor , let inspectors of the international atomic energy agency into the country for verification and monitoring duties and discuss all aspects of its nuclear programs in exchange for , tons of heavy fuel .
often called america s oldest teenager because of his youthful appearance and dedication to rock music , clark suffered the stroke earlier this week .
lee claims that the rules should change for the gnp to gain the presidency , she said in daejeon .
in shrek the third , cameron diaz s ogre bride shares tea time with the fairy tale world s fairest princesses snow white , cinderella , sleeping beauty and rapunzel .
military staff will start working on a possible year long , to , strong force , but the end result could be different , diplomats said .
their strength in the race to deliver broadband service is illustrated by an ad from a unit of cable company cox communications .
russia s population has dropped since the soviet collapse , fed by declining birth rates , a low life expectancy , a spike in emigration , a frayed health care system and other factors .
he is the only one in the world who keeps his cards face down on the table until the th hour , th minute , th second , and nothing deters him from doing that , said jeffrey katzenberg , spielberg s partner at dreamworks .
her brother , murtaza , was killed along with six others in a shootout with police at his home .
among those arrested were a girl as young as and a woman as old as , according to the kyodo news agency .
mifsud s brace doomed united to their first home defeat to lower league opponents since york city s triumph in .
he said afghans who accompanied the germans are still alive , but didn t provide detail about their fate .
a spokesman for the president s office told cnn tuesday they were continuing to monitor the situation .
he temporarily transferred power to raul at that time , and permanently relinquished cuba s presidency to him in february .
but ukraine s natural gas company , naftogaz , said in a statement it reserves the right to resort to adequate and asymmetrical measures to defend the interests of ukrainian consumers .
the landmark wellcome trust study analyzed dna from the blood of , people to find genetic differences .
the poll showed that under whatever circumstances and scenarios , the former seoul mayor would win the election if it was held today .
the dow jones on monday closed below , points for the first time since , according to an early tally , as u . s . stocks followed europe and asia .
in china ratified world health organization rules that urged it , within three years , to restrict tobacco advertising and sponsorship , put tougher health warnings on cigarettes , raise tobacco prices and taxes , curb secondhand smoke , prohibit cigarette sales to minors and clamp down on smuggling of cigarettes .
his widow blames her sister in law for the killing , because murtaza had become a political rival .
older computers can t take advantage of the internet , or if they can , retrieving information can be extremely slow .
waxman s committee voted on wednesday to subpoena rice despite the u . s . state department s insistence that the questions have already been answered .
the fires are being pushed by santa ana winds gusting up to mph kph , but firefighters may have caught a break tuesday morning when the winds calmed .
denmark topped the peace index while sweden came second and switzerland third .
communist china s foreign minister has strongly criticized anti china forces he says are determined to politicize this year s beijing olympics .
earlier sunday , fighting between u . s . troops and the mehdi army militia loyal to shiite cleric muqtada al sadr left at least dead and wounded in baghdad s sadr city , according to an iraqi interior ministry official .
we believe that the existing number , with a slight addition , will do the job , but if there seems to be more need we will ask for more troops .
it s earth day , and president barack obama is off to iowa to promote alternative energy
but the latest find is compelling because of the high silica content , researchers said , raising the possibility that conditions may have been favorable for the emergence of primitive life .
as long as they don t do it , a lot , i don t really say anything .
doctors fought the bacteria with heavy doses of antibiotics , including vancomycin .
most people missed the announcement about how google wants to burrow inside your brain and capture your most intimate thoughts .
one military official said that small numbers of turkish forces periodically move in and out of iraq doing counterinsurgency operations , but not thousands at one time .
the more people know you re looking for a job , the better your chances of finding one are .
bond has been set at , for ollie ivy who was charged with aggravated assault .
the nation s dominant fixed line operator said that the new satellite will be launched from a floating launch platform located at a point near the equator and degrees west in longitude by an international venture firm sea launch .
in a keynote speech , unification minister lee jae joung offered to resolve the humanitarian issue of prisoners of war pows and abductees believed to be held by north korea .
during the second half of the th century , there was a general shortage of skilled labor for the workshops and the mines .
meanwhile , there were at least three blasts in baghdad , including one inside the heavily fortified green zone .
the president s going to meet with democrats and republicans each day as we move forward until we get this plan .
the north called off a similar meeting last week .
the biometric data will be checked against lists of people who have been deported from the country in the past .
something feels strangely familiar about alex the lion in madagascar
such compounds would be a possible indicator of conditions favorable for life , either now or once upon a time .
by points , they said obama was more likeable .
church authorities have scheduled a meeting of the holy synod , the church s governing body , for p . m . monday to discuss the election of a successor .
her overriding duty , clinton said , would be to protect america s interests through the use of smart power that utilizes all facets at the nation s disposal .
one reason for the vitriol that emerges on the web , experts say , is the anonymity the internet provides .
it plays standard size cds containing high resolution movies and digital sound .
at least people have been killed in a suspected u . s . missile strikes on a house in pakistan near the afghan border .
contrast that with a face to face conversation , or even a phone conversation , where you can judge people s moods from facial movements or vocal inflections , observes university of texas psychology professor art markman .
brad pitt plays rewarding role in katrina recovery
police conducting a routine security check found the brown bag containing the cash in a bathroom cabinet inside felisa miceli s offices at the economy ministry , and a federal investigator is now probing the source .
and you cannot simply define one category of hideous architecture .
pardo entered the home holding a gun in one hand and a wrapped christmas package containing a home made device to spread fire , police said .
now , i get up at a . m . every day , filled with energy . i play tennis three times a week , and i do yoga .
there s such an abhorrence of it on an international level .
rdr books publisher roger rapoport has said the lexicon would not compete with any official encyclopedia written by rowling .
during an interview , he showed off a diamond encrusted rolex to a cnn crew and said he has three just like them .
most studios have stockpiled dozens of movie scripts , and tv shows have enough scripts or completed shows in hand to last until early next year .
observers with the organization for security and cooperation in europe said the vote had been the first genuinely competitive presidential election in the country , enabling the georgian people to express their political choice .
within days came word that martin scorsese would direct the author s shutter island next year , with leonardo dicaprio in final talks to star .
the trial has been adjourned for a week , until december .
two late goals gave tottenham a home win over middlesbrough to possibly ease the pressure on manager , martin joel but premier league aston villa went down at home to midland neighbors leicester city from the championship .
as many as people were at the church , about miles northwest of nairobi , ktn reporter tony biwott told cnn .
hong kong , which neighbors the province , has warned that the risk of a human case there has increased .
that wouldn t be a decision of the uci to do that .
a u . s . envoy said thursday that the opposition leader in zimbabwe beat president robert mugabe in that nation s recent presidential election .
under an agreement hammered out in six nation talks that included the united states and china , leaders in pyonyang agreed to provide a full accounting of the plutonium , acknowledge concerns about its nuclear proliferation and uranium enrichment activities and agree to continued cooperation with a process to ensure that no further activities are taking place .
this time it was a ch sea knight transport helicopter , which came down near baghdad .
yes , he s only been in office since tuesday , but with stocks way down again this morning , obama does want to get this done soon .
earlier in the day , carter said that hamas is prepared to accept peace with israel if the palestinian people approve any agreement that may be negotiated with the jewish state .
one candidate will continue the war and keep the troops in iraq indefinitely . one candidate only says he will end the war , she said while campaigning in pennsylvania .
also included are other documents from u . s . presidents , including pages from george washington s diary and correspondence from thomas jefferson and john adams a rare document signed by both meriwether lewis and william clark
oh , the party mom , the party mom , the party mom ! lohan says .
nearly percent of the world s population lacks access to toilets , and the dignity and safety that they provide , said ann m . veneman , unicef executive director .
it s fantastic , added ferguson . they barca chased the goal and they had to gamble but the fans got us over the line .
two people have already been convicted in the case .
the ruling uri party has secured just one post , the exit polls suggested .
please stop the sabotage and destruction , and work on the aims and goals of the city .
they will also use heavy duty equipment to cut through steel wreckage .
appearing on nbc s meet the press from waterloo , mccain disputed polls that show obama way ahead with just days before election day .
rocco , , and david banda , , who was adopted in malawi in .
chavez accused him of having no shame .
polanski failed to show up for sentencing and never returned to the united states .
the government s order came after students rampaged through the streets of dhaka , setting cars and buses on fire and battling with police , who used batons and tear gas to disperse the protesters .
the explosions were followed by an announcement broadcast from security force loudspeakers outside the mosque , calling on the students to surrender , a witness said .
the government already faced severe financial difficulties under fatah .
we broke out the windbreakers , which held off the freezing rain for five to six minutes tops .
the questions asked his views about egypt and iraq as well as hamas , the militant islamic group that seized control of gaza last year .
south korea , the prime minister said , intends to expand several joint projects before outgoing president kim dae jung steps down on feb .
the eggs are expected to hatch in four to six weeks .
and it s not just cell phones .
prime minister junichiro koizumi s approval rating has bounced back into positive territory , according to a new poll .
iqbal said the party faithful still planned to converge on the airport to welcome sharif home .
they like to wear nice things , so i try to look prettier for them all the time .
i love my friends and family , the grammy winning singer and original american idol tells elle magazine in its july issue . but i have never said the words i love you to anyone in a romantic relationship . ever .
the u . s . backed kabul administration had rejected an initial list of eight prisoners including high profile taliban commanders late last week because some members on the list are in the custody of the u . s . military waging war against the islamic fundamentalists with other western countries .
reflecting the hammer blow to the real estate market , construction shares sank . percent on the korea stock exchange yesterday .
but researchers are exploring new ways to do surgery using slender instruments through the body s natural openings , avoiding cutting through the skin and muscle .
the person confirmed the baby s birth but asked not to be identified because the family had not announced the baby s birth .
dense smoke that closed parts of two major interstate highways was expected to keep choking floridians and traffic until at least midmorning sunday .
the year old actress comedian said swayze persuaded director jerry zucker to cast her in the film amid some resistance .
this could lead to treatments for conditions where t cells have been depleted , such as aids , and after chemotherapy .
however paul filidis , a spokesman for the missionary group in arvada , said the organization did rent space for an office from the new life church in colorado springs .
the military government is also reported to be holding monks in disused municipal buildings and even those citizens who applauded the monks during their demonstrations are being hunted down .
st . augustine was founded september , , by spaniard pedro menendez de aviles and his expedition of soldiers , sailors and farmers and craftsmen .
some areas received only a small percentage of the rain they normally receive .
others talked about cuts as if they were desirable .
all attempts to revive him were unsuccessful . the boy hit his head after the seizure , but the exact cause of death is not known , ossi said .
some of the money will come from the private sector .
the international fund for agricultural development , another u . n . agency , is giving million to poor farmers in the most affected countries , the communiqu eacute
the joong ang ilbo reports the closed event will be attended by guests invited by dulpure , publisher of the korean translation of his book .
, , by deception and making an untrue statement to procure a passport , a spokeswoman for the court told cnn .
other main belt asteroids have been named for science fiction luminaries robert heinlein and isaac asimov .
previewing the gathering s agenda , congress spokesman li dongsheng said reforms were geared toward improving socialist democracy a catch phrase for one party rule .
bell also told lawmakers in washington that he remained wary of north korea s intentions , despite the north s recent agreement to begin dismantling its nuclear weapons programs in return for aid .
kenyan president mwai kibaki tapped opposition leader raila odinga as prime minister sunday as part of a long awaited power sharing deal aimed at settling an dispute over december s elections that led to widespread violence .
prices and probably interest rates are still falling along with the overall economy .
capt . william billy hutchinson , years
the closed military area over which hamas has asserted control includes all villages and towns north of gaza city , including beit hanoun , beit lahya and the jabalya refugee camp .
jones who had long vehemently denied taking steroids appeared in u . s . district court in white plains , new york , before judge kenneth karas .
the demands erupted after news reports were released alleging his involvement in illicit dealings during the presidential election campaign .
u . s . allegations that north korea has a uranium enrichment program brought on the nuclear crisis in that led the country to kick out u . n . inspectors and ultimately contributed to north korea testing its first nuclear bomb last year .
if it s all right for us to go , it s all right for the americans and the british to go , and if everybody goes , iraq will descend into total civil war and there ll be a lot of bloodshed .
it may sound extreme , but veterinary medical experts say this type of preventative behavior can keep pets safe .
vice unification minister rhee bong jo said in a press conference on saturday that the meeting , which was arranged at the north s request for fertilizer assistance , will take place in the north korean city of kaesong on may .
the minimum age was raised to its current in .
the studio later retracted the statement , saying reports of bootleg copies hadn t been substantiated , but an ap search discovered what appeared to be the movie available on a site hosted in europe .
the contract briefly fell below for the first time since february .
she needed percent of the vote , with a lead of more than percent over her nearest rival , to win outright .
lee was accused by the gnp of making politically oriented comments at a uri party rally in taegu , in which he accompanied party chairman chung dong young .
south africa is the epicenter of the global hiv epidemic , said hiv activist zinny thabethe at a conference to launch the project in october .
the shuttle s seven astronauts arrived at kennedy space center a few hours ahead of the start of countdown wednesday afternoon .
this is not a bilateral deal between the u . s . and north korea , hill said .
boulos told reuters he had decided to shut the school until january for fear of reprisals .
this is a very good thing for maintaining the stability of our country , and the stable development of the military , xu said . we hope he will remain there for a while .
flying into the tiny island of principe off africa s west coast brings a sense of traveling back in time .
a quick check of the billboard top turns up a list of candidates for america s top model
venezuelan president hugo chavez on sunday ordered battalions of military forces to the country s border with colombia , and ordered the closure of venezuela s embassy in colombia s capital city of bogota .
the avowed aim is to boost government efficiency , cut cost and turn the bureaucracy into a service oriented government .
the senate judiciary committee hearing is the latest in a series of hearings looking into last year s dismissals .
congress in has also hurt farmers .
obama s top strategist , david axelrod , said getting the pledged delegate majority was an important milestone , but not the end of the trail .
regarding the marseille match , gaillard explained
speaking to pentagon reporters friday via teleconference from iraq , lynch said , only when the iraqi security forces come forward and say , ok , here i am , i m trained and equipped , i m ready , i m the iraqi army or i m the iraqi police , can i turn those sanctuaries over , and that s not going to happen between now and christmas .
the sheikh is calling jackson a rip off artist , claiming he took million as an advance on an album and an autobiography , but hasn t produced either .
she also says it fails to include any of the commentary and discussion that enrich the web site and calls it nothing more than a rearrangement of her own material .
during the trial , brancato said there was not a break in .
williams , in her first tournament since withdrawing from the season ending champion at madrid in november due to illness , lost the australian final to sister serena and hadn t gone beyond the fourth round in the season opening major since .
by p . m . , the local seismological bureau recorded aftershocks , the strongest with a magnitude of . , said an official with the bureau who gave only his surname , ma .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan said it was a good agreement but warned that implementation of the program is key .
and obama s army of volunteers has hit the streets and phone banks .
top financial leaders are beginning the process of dotting the i s and crossing the t s of the big bailout .
not addressed in the agreement is what will happen to any nuclear weapons north korea may have stockpiled .
how about . billion tons of waste ? that s how much american companies toss each year , according to the u . s . environmental protection agency .
the exam will be applied starting late , an education official who wished to remain anonymous told the korea times .
two clerics at the mosque issued the edict against bakhtiar a week ago , demanding that she be sacked , her family punish her and she be made to ask for forgiveness after pictures in the pakistani media showed bakhtiar hugging her parachute jumping instructor at a fundraising jump in france .
bush is welcoming edwards to kerry s running mate .
the previous owner , the late frans verlinden , cultivated a bohemian atmosphere in the s and s , with hookers , journalists , filmmakers , but most of all , artists as frequent guests , explains manager donald kauwoh .
kazakh alexander vinokourov failed a blood doping test and was sent packing with his astana team . the cofidis team also pulled out of the race following italian cristian moreni s positive test for testosterone . dane michael rasmussen was sacked by his rabobank team for lying about his training whereabouts and left the tour when he was the race leader .
the people s choice awards were created in by producer bob stivers , who sold the show to procter gamble in the early s .
singapore has in recent years relaxed censorship regulations for some films and plays , in an effort to loosen up and market the modern and wealthy city as a media and arts center . but controls remain tight in the conservative island nation .
associated press correspondent jerry bodlander on capitol hill
nearly medicines manufactured or imported by companies are subject to the government interdiction .
we got to the point where it s like , we can t find an actor to come even close to how good this is , recalled lasseter .
called on the dalai lama , who ended a hospital stay in india , to return to the embrace of the motherland .
it was just pretty crazy , he told cnn sunday morning .
with sunny weather comes the ability to dine alfresco , which means people will find any excuse to eat out all summer long .
the study was compiled and released by compsych corporation , which contracts with companies to provide employee assistance programs .
or has changed their minds to notify the court .
kcna also claimed it had evidence the u . s . was planning a pre emptive strike because of north korea s nuclear ambitions .
the stock exchange in mumbai is the oldest in asia and one of the largest in the world and a symbol of the country s rapidly growing economy .
the most urgent threat that he ll have to deal with and other presidents after him will have to deal with is an attack on our homeland .
the us senate has blocked a vote on a landmark immigration bill , dealing a major blow to one of president george w bush s key policy planks .
the reuters c span zogby poll also showed republican mike huckabee expanding his lead on rival mitt romney as the most heavily contested presidential caucus in iowa history draws to a close .
the state channel , iraqiya , said that minister of interior jawad al bolani would reward mosul police for the capture .
the dollar rebounded from a year low against the yen tuesday in asia after citigroup inc . said it will receive billions of dollars in investment from a middle eastern government fund .
the source , confirming the attacks that were first reported by newsweek , said the sophisticated intrusions appeared aimed at gaining information about the evolution of policy positions in order to gain leverage in future dealings with whomever was elected .
it was particularly pointed , he said , because chinese officials thanked other countries for the help provided after the earthquake in china .
the west coast of north america , which gets much of its water from glaciers in mountain ranges such as the rockies and sierra nevada , also would be affected , it said .
the concert , which was broadcast live on north korean television and radio , was to be the highlight of a hour visit that includes master classes and an open rehearsal for north korean music students , according to the orchestra .
sen . barack obama took a major step tuesday toward securing the democratic presidential nomination .
new york cnn pope benedict xvi called on american catholics to understand that real freedom means surrendering to the will of god , in an address to an enthusiastic crowd of , sunday at new york s yankee stadium .
amid an active anti whaling movement , many people in europe , the united states , australia and new zealand consider killing whales an environmental and moral crime , and grisly scenes such as the ones in wada reinforce the image of whaling as barbaric .
go to the tapo bus station at the san lazaro metro stop .
beijing , china cnn authorities in southwestern china watched nervously wednesday as rising water behind an earthquake created dam neared a spillway designed to relieve pressure on it .
he claimed terrorists were behind the murder , and described ms bhutto s death as a great tragedy for the nation .
the prime minister said americans are basing their hunches about iranian activities in iraq on intelligence they ve amassed . watch al maliki talk about the situation in iraq
yemen is a poor tribal sunni muslim country at the southern tip of the arabian peninsula .
the flood has hit nine provinces the hardest including sichuan , which is still reeling from a . magnitude earthquake that struck southwestern china on may .
the . magnitude quake struck kilometers miles from ternate , the capital of maluku island , and miles from manado , the northernmost city on sulawesi island , the u . s . geological survey said .
on friday , the fed cut the discount rate it charges banks in an emergency move aimed at stabilizing credit markets after days of sharp selloffs .
we need to let the joint commission do its work , she said , adding that once the joint commission has finished , it will make policy recommendations .
the joong ang ilbo reports that after north korean fans in pyongyang showered the soccer field at kim il sung stadium with objects on wednesday during their team s loss to iran , japan s leading soccer officials expressed reluctance yesterday to have their national team play in the north .
cnn for two years , kara johnson tried it all
prices will vary by type of envelope .
borg , who claimed the last of his titles back in , was watching from the royal box as the year old federer tied his record .
the officials stood by their statement despite denials from turkish and iraqi officials .
islamic state of iraq an umbrella insurgent group that includes al qaeda in iraq said in the statement that it fought saturday with crusader forces in a blessed operation , killing some and taking others prisoner .
i think the japanese government should recognize historical facts , and should accept the responsibility to earnestly and appropriately deal with this problem , li said .
the bank of korea kept its benchmark interest rate frozen for a sixth consecutive month yesterday as the central bank s governor , park seung , softened his optimistic view of the economy .
the korea times reports the presidential election is expected to become a multi person race as the pro government and main opposition parties face internal discords that could lead to party breakup or desertion by major presidential hopefuls .
according to the national statistical office nso , the number of people living alone rose . percent to . million in from , accounting for percent of the country s total households .
new york cnn among the rare manuscripts to be offered for sale at sotheby s auction house thursday is an letter in which abraham lincoln replies to the abolitionist pleas of young boys and girls .
some republicans see a crist senate bid as a boost to the party s chance of a vote to keep that seat from going to a democrat .
the opposition leader , who was targeted by suicide bombers when she returned home on october following eight years in exile , had been preparing to go to dubai to see her husband and three children .
several banks around the globe subsequently ended their business dealings with the macao bank .
when i was young i hoped to grow up to be an indian , and would have had some sports team name their mascot after me .
the korea times reports south korea and the united states failed to narrow differences in agriculture , anti dumping measures and other key sectors during the third round of free trade talks that ended in seattle on sep .
if it does , the international labor office says information technology and communications will offer the most promising chances for work .
the president went to school this morning , a day after publicly teasing local officials for shutting down classrooms because of wintry weather .
the power of stalin s personality and the scale of the suffering that marked his rule suggest that s unlikely to happen anytime soon .
they may be two to three times denser than previous estimates , the researchers said .
nanotubes are tube shaped pieces of carbon , measuring about , of the thickness of a human hair .
commissioner scott gordon then ruled that a january emergency order suspending her visitation rights and giving custody to federline would remain in effect .
the cultural heritage administration on tuesday announced that it would disassemble the current ferroconcrete edifice and rebuild the original wooden structure by .
the report offers some hope if nations slow and then reduce their greenhouse gas emissions , but it notes that what s happening now isn t encouraging .
japan s health ministry says there are now more than cases of swine flu in the country . china says it has a rd confirmed case .
the initial response by turkish forces was to hit back by killing rebels from the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , in southern turkey , according to a statement on an official government web site .
fire officials say none of the people were seriously hurt .
america is one of the most overtly patriotic nations in the world , never more so than when honoring its military , as at the veterans day ceremony last week attended by vice president dick cheney .
it s a story we ve seen a thousand times before , but never in this register .
bush s approval rating five years ago , at the start of the iraq war , was percent , and that point drop is almost identical to the drop president lyndon johnson faced during the vietnam war , said cnn polling director keating holland .
they also rejected the results of dna testing that showed they were the parents of the infants .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
breaking tradition , the outgoing speaker of the house did not shake the new members hands or greet them as they walked up the sign the roll book .
in tehran , al maliki was to meet with the top leaders of the country , including supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei and president mahmoud ahmadinejad , according to iran s islamic republic news agency .
this really is the goldfish bowl , which so many would not envy because anything to do with william with his mother s looks untouched by trauma
shaking off the bitter cold , a stream of mourners continued to visit namdaemun yesterday to see the rubble with their own eyes and pay their respects to the ancient structure .
the united states house of representatives has voted in favor of pulling most combat troops out of iraq by april next year .
to make matters more complicated , many of the best restaurants are hidden inside anonymous office blocks or a marked only by a tiny sign , usually in japanese characters .
london cnn prince william was made a royal knight of the garter on monday at a ceremony presided over by his grandmother the british monarch and attended by his father , brother and girlfriend .
the win was a unanimous decision among the nine member cannes jury , said sean penn , who headed the panel .
i don t want that misunderstood , palin said .
read said two coast guard c hercules planes conducted searches thursday miles south of adak , alaska , the balloonist s last known position . the searches continued friday and are ongoing , read said .
woodard , cleared of the murder of his girlfriend , became the th person in dallas county to have his conviction cast aside .
it eclipses the case of british trader nick leeson , whose losses of more than . billion led to the collapse of barings bank .
sawaya
house financial services committee chairman barney frank says frankly , many congress members would rather be campaigning for reelection right now than casting a controversial vote on the billion bailout deal .
in times like this , we can find comfort in the grace and guidance of a loving god .
the black hole had a central mass concentration of four million solar masses , he added .
the latest incident is feared to further deteriorate already sour seoul tokyo relations amid the tension over the japanese prime minister s recent homage to the war dead at a controversial shrine .
president vladimir putin sent regional governor aman tuleyev a telegram conveying his sympathy for relatives of victims and support for survivors , according to the associated press .
either they will surrender , or the lebanese government and the lebanese army is going to really pursue the matter to the end , siniora said . if left , i can assure you , this is going to be very contagious . it s like cancer . it has to be really removed completely , otherwise it s going to expand .
democrats on thursday condemned president bush s insinuation that they would be appeasing terrorist states by holding talks , with one going so far as to call his remarks bulls t .
fifty four people were sickened by toxic fumes at a hospital in southern japan wednesday when a man vomited after drinking pesticide to commit suicide .
the controversial , outspoken president wanted to pay his respects and lay a wreath at the site of the al qaeda attacks during his visit to the u . n . general assembly , police commissioner raymond kelly said , citing iranian officials .
refunds are being offered if customers return the products .
patrick has a very limited amount of disease and he appears to be responding well to treatment thus far .
word of the romantic feat in december filtered out after peng , a financial software programmer , posted details on his blog .
he pretended to be deaf and mute when captured , and his identity was not known for weeks , the officials said .
new york cnn broadway producers canceled shows through the thanksgiving holiday weekend after the sunday night collapse of talks aimed at ending a nine day long strike by stagehands .
g issued an action plan for dismantle nk s nuclear program .
when you arrive , it s early morning in paris , but your body feels like it s midnight back home .
but hanks thinks an obama presidency could bring about a seismic shift , and live up to the great promise once shaped by our founding fathers .
dolly the sheep , the first cloned mammal , was put to death in february after premature aging and disease marred her short existence .
nato s leaders have urged member countries to provide reinforcements to help in its campaign against taleban guerrillas in southern afghanistan .
insurgent bombers launched the series of attacks across baghdad , reflecting the stiff challenges posed by what has been a resilient insurgency .
two suspects were then arrested .
the parents knew of the situation and took me in because they were in the immediate neighborhood .
china s job outlook is grim , and the global financial crisis could cause more layoffs and more labor unrest until the country s economic stimulus package kicks in next year , the nation s minister of human resources and social security said thursday .
but the firm insisted the leak was still well below danger levels .
he s reacting well to a fifth cycle of radiotherapy . he s fighting like a lion and he has never lost his heart , also because a family he adores is by his side .
with obama holding the advantage in most recent surveys , the goal for his campaign is to stay the course .
after days of talks the un security council unanimously passed a resolution on saturday which condemned the tests .
officials blamed both attacks on separatists operating out of an autonomous region in northwest china .
souths aid sets sail for n . korea .
the demonstration flight will give us crucial knowledge that we can use to dramatically reduce our carbon footprint , branson said in a statement .
urging venezuelans to vote no in sunday s referendum on the changes to the nation s charter , maria isabel rodriguez compared approving the referendum to a leap into the dark .
the food and drug administration issued a warning letter last month that said redux was illegally marketing the drink as a street drug alternative and a dietary supplement .
one respondent in lancashire , northern england , claimed to have extracted of their own teeth with a pair of pliers .
the appeal was of a decision earlier this year by a special three judge panel of the u . s . district court in washington . the decision meant the group if it now chooses to air any broadcast ads must indicate by name its sponsorship and disclose its political donors .
more on the ball s new glow from waterford s peter cheney .
no one was injured in the incident , police said .
if you saw it from a distance , it would look like a small alligator , but if you look closer , you would find a fin in the back , said lead author per ahlberg , a professor of evolutionary biology at uppsala university in sweden .
zheng , head of administration from to , was sentenced on may and his appeal was heard last month .
the new building will be two thirds the size of the present one .
spears must also spend eight hours a week working with a parenting coach who will observe her interactions with her children , according to the ruling released tuesday .
wilders has said he will release his movie on the internet after television stations refused to air it .
the newspaper quotes president roh moo hyun during a ceremony in seoul wednesday as saying the government plans to strengthen the screening process for high ranking officials .
feinstein , who described herself as very loyal to clinton , said the question comes whether she can get the delegates that she needs and i d like to know what the strategy is to do that .
they made plays down the stretch .
human rights watch said malaysian elections have been sullied by vote buying , the use of public resources by the ruling parties and accusations of bias against the election commission .
afghanistan s former king mohammad zahir shah will open the loya jirga monday .
president barack obama says the war in afghanistan isn t his war
verisign has authorized companies to participate in its test of registering internet addresses using non english characters .
cigarettes are percent pricier .
caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan police on sunday used water cannons and what appeared to be tear gas to break up thousands of demonstrators protesting the government s decision to close the country s most watched television station .
the news suggests the world s largest software maker may be giving up efforts to rehabilitate its often maligned vista operating system , which was released worldwide in january .
washington cnn about people , including students majoring in homeland security and criminal justice , were arrested tuesday in an undercover drug sting at san diego state university , officials said .
but the judge will decide whether the use of the material by the small muskegon , michigan , publisher was legal because it was used for some greater purpose , such as a scholarly pursuit .
in losing liz claiborne , we have not only lost the founder of our company , but an inspirational woman who revolutionized the fashion industry years ago .
without that relief , even more children head back to the streets to beg for the smallest morsels to fill their empty stomachs .
we continue to urge alan s safe and swift release and welcome the efforts of all those in the palestinian territories to that end , a spokesman said .
rachel alexandra held off kentucky derby winner mine that bird down the stretch to win the preakness .
the park in daehangno was to have been the site of a democratic labor party demonstration protesting new laws on non regular employees .
the bush administration has so far refused to co operate with the congressional investigation .
while at the space station , simonyi will be conducting a number of experiments , including measuring radiation levels and studying biological organisms inside the lab .
british police declined to comment on the report .
the . magnitude earthquake near the ancient southern city of yogyakarta left thousands more injured and as many as , without homes .
lahore , pakistan cnn the united states has urged pakistan s president pervez musharraf to sever his links with the military and reinstate civilian rule .
the panel determined nifong withheld key dna evidence from the players defense attorneys that might have cleared them earlier , and lied to the presiding judge and state bar investigators .
the other nuclear facilities at the site include a spent fuel reprocessing facility , a fuel fabrication plant , a radio chemical laboratory and a reactor under construction .
president roh moo hyun left open the option of meeting north korean leader kim jong il although he admitted the inter korean summit will be unlikely before major progress is made on the nuclear issue .
the mayor of an oil producing turkish town .
he also said he would cooperate with china a historical ally to pakistan in the fight against terror .
at the meeting , countries pledged in excess of million to help myanmar recover and said they are willing to open up their wallets further once aid groups are granted access to the worst affected areas .
obama will pick up the larger share of north carolina s delegates .
double reigning uefa cup champions sevilla had the match and the tie sewn up by half time after romping into a lead .
police said they believed a suicide bomber was involved .
u . s . officials said the government also offered north korea three months to start dismantling its programs . in return , the north must provide a full listing of its nuclear activities , disable some dangerous materials and allow monitoring .
i don t know why they ve suddenly changed their mind , ahmadzai said . my message to the taliban is to use tolerance and be patient . this killing hostages is against the afghan culture .
president george w . bush is bidding farewell to the white house press corps this morning in a wide ranging news conference .
the city government plans to close tempelhof in october as part of plans for a large central airport southeast of the german capital .
the three time grand slam title winner then plans to head to the australian open , which begins january in melbourne .
with the writers strike dragging dangerously close to the february telecast , the film academy is planning two oscar shows
new york therapist kenneth rouge tells the associated press the financial meltdown has some marriages on the rocks .
mexico city , mexico cnn mexican telecom billionaire carlos slim has overtaken microsoft founder bill gates as the world s wealthiest man with riches of billion , according to fortune magazine .
diego maradona arrived in scotland on sunday ahead of his first game in charge of argentina s national team and , to the delight of the scottish fans , autographed a photo of his famous hand of god world cup goal against england .
the visit entailed the largest us presence in the reclusive state since the end of the korean war .
the exhibition takes the visitor on a chronological progression through a christian empire that was at the forefront of artistic innovation for more than , years .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said monday .
among those age and older , clinton leads obama percent .
tokyo , japan cnn a japanese satellite was injected into lunar orbit , a first for the nation and for asia , the japan aerospace exploration agency jaxa confirmed friday .
at least one survey by pricewaterhousecoopers predicted disastrous implications on the american vacation , specifically on the hotel industry .
a billion people in the world will not have access to clean drinking water .
the papal plane , shepherd , touched down at andrews air force base in maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests gathered for the event .
but army investigators found what the afghan military got included corroded ammunition made in china as long as years ago .
some media reports have indicated portuguese police suspect madeleine s parents may have accidentally given her an overdose of sedatives , then disposed of her body .
the second sketch shows the same man walking with his hand tucked into the pockets of his light colored pants .
and the united states has called north korea s refusal to allow inspectors into its nuclear facilities it will continue to work with allies to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program .
the korea herald reports the explosion killed a flock of sheep , which were in a pasture some meters toward downtown irbil from the camp s main gate , but no human casualties or injuries were reported , officials said .
had it been closer to the surface , then you would expect , certainly , more critical effects , he said .
four police officers were killed and civilians wounded when a suicide car bomber exploded at an iraqi police checkpoint in southern baghdad
in rendition , witherspoon plays the wife of an egyptian born man omar metwally suspected of involvement in a middle east terrorist bombing who is abducted by u . s . authorities and sent overseas for questioning at a secret facility .
several helicopters and a fleet of emergency vehicles ferried the injured to hospital in grenoble in an operation that mobilized police as well as fire fighters .
obama believes the lawmakers should put in place a process to select a new senator that will have the trust and confidence of the people of illinois , gibbs said .
hilscher and ryan christopher clark were both killed in west ambler johnston dormitory , apparently cho s first stop before heading to norris hall , where he killed people and himself .
but with snowcapped volcanos , alpine meadows , deep pine woods and tropical forests all within two hours .
in addition , , palestinians have been injured , most of them civilians , officials said .
warren levinson , at the new york stock exchange .
because it is presumed that the missing people are already dead , the total death toll of this disaster is likely to exceed , , said vice premier hui liangyu .
it s the second mercury flyby for messenger formally known as the mercury surface , space , environment , geochemistry and ranging craft .
since a little guilt is good , you would think a lot would be even better .
he went to medical school partly out of a concern he wouldn t be able to make writing a career , but the success of the andromeda strain in the book was chosen by the book of the month club and optioned by hollywood made him change his mind , though he still had an m . d .
damage to kivalina from global warming has been documented in official government reports by the army corps of engineers and the general accounting office , pawa said .
australian journalist stephen mcdonell said it was quite bizarre to watch a controlled crowd smile and wave as the flame arrived at the palace .
the korean side wanted to hear a specific reiteration of what went on in the meeting , jeffrey said .
police say they ll search today for victims in a trailer park in northern los angeles where some mobile homes burned yesterday .
longer jobless lines , a lower wall street opened this morning .
the new york times , washington post and wall street journal all say they have sources confirming this estimate .
the ldp has been hit by a series of ministerial gaffes and scandals since abe took office months ago .
iraqi and u . s . officials point to several factors contributing to this decline
raiders fans are thrilled over the return of karen allen as marion , while shia labeouf plays indy s new sidekick , mutt williams .
the chief economist john silvia of wachovia says it s not over yet
right now there s a chance that enough progress will be made to avoid the monday furloughs , spokesman tom andrews said .
judicial watch takes issue with the precedent .
police spokesman franz polzer said that rosemarie fritzl was unaware of the deception .
casual style
he said it was too soon to say what provisions the resolution might contain .
former alaska sen . mike gravel had less than one half of percent support .
a respected shiite cleric from southern lebanon , ali amin , criticized the shiite backed opposition parties , hezbollah and amal , for failing to strike a deal with the government .
vatican newspaper sings praises of the beatles
half of the department s towns were affected by violence last night .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni is slated to meet with former palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei on monday , said aryeh mekel , a spokesman for livni .
following reports that pakistani nuclear scientist abdul qadeer khan claimed to have seen three nuclear devices on a trip to north korea five years ago , south korea s immediate reaction was that the matter was too sensitive to comment upon .
local authorities began mandatory evacuations of around , people living within six miles of the peak late tuesday , mostly women , children and the elderly .
their publicists confirmed that madonna and guy richie are calling it quits after nearly years of marriage .
european shops saw trading crash in november , the eu statistics agency said tuesday , adding to signs that the economy may be slowing .
the palestinian ambulances are able to come up to the border crossing and they have a number of egyptian ambulances that are here , and they transfer the patients , the wounded , from one ambulance to the other , and then the egyptian ambulances are taking them to hospitals
the two soldiers , year old specialist alex jimenez and private byron fouty , who is , were seized in an ambush on may .
get a good night s sleep before you travel
zimbabwe s inflation already the highest in the world hit , . percent in july , reminding zimbabweans there is no relief in sight from daily hardships including chronic food , fuel and foreign currency shortages .
baltimore , maryland cnn for one night , at least , tattoos and the living canvases that carry them took their place alongside rembrandt , matisse and picasso .
read full story
iraq s cabinet has approved a new security agreement with the u . s .
clinton said she intended to communicate that there would be a very , very high price to pay if iran attacked the u . s . ally , but that nobody wants to go to war with iran .
annapolis , maryland cnn israeli and palestinian leaders will immediately launch peace talks aimed at creating a palestinian state alongside israel and they hope to finish negotiations before , president bush announced tuesday .
foreign news web sites , including the bbc and cnn , however , remained inaccessible along with blogs and overseas hosted dissident sites , which had provided many inside tightly controlled myanmar with their only information about the pro democracy protests .
the first mice with genes manipulated in this way were announced in .
freeman said the malibu area fire began around a . m . a . m . et sunday . as of p . m . p . m . et the malibu fire was not under control , he said .
a derailment of discussions is not an option available to both sides .
it added , the united states has also identified several new al qaeda compounds in north waziristan , including one that officials said might be training operatives for strikes against targets beyond afghanistan .
nothing will be signed after the th of october . if that is the date on the envelope , it s gonna be tossed .
well , i think there s no doubt that pakistani territory was used by probably non state actors , rice said . i don t think that there is compelling evidence of involvement of pakistani officials . but i do think that pakistan has a responsibility to act , and it doesn t matter that they re non state actors .
he further said that iraqi officials and the iranian embassy secured their release so they can continue their work discussing the construction of a power plant in iraq , irna reported .
in the past two days afghan and coalition forces have confiscated more than fake police uniforms and more than a dozen forged identification documents in herat province , which is located near the iranian border , according to the coalition command .
collette and her band , the finish , were among the acts that appeared saturday at the sydney edition of live earth , the global concert series that aimed to raise awareness about global warming .
a rough outline of a deal was reached months ago
the number of web surfers in the country grew by nearly percent to million , according to the china internet network information center s january report .
that s an especially important number , because their spending powers the economy , jon .
but there were clear remaining tensions on a related issue
the sunni town of ramadi is a stronghold of iraq s anti us insurgents , who launch regular attacks against iraqi and american troops .
the global positioning system is immensely important to commerce and can be disrupted by solar activity .
she exited the top spot shortly after the new york senator s disappointing showing in the february super tuesday contests , and according to sources close to clinton , the two have not spoken since .
ibrahim is believed to be hiding in pakistan , but the government in islamabad denies this .
for henriksen , cutting her hair was always in the cards . but she had planned to give it to a nonprofit organization that provides hairpieces for children who lost their hair after cancer treatments .
vice president dick cheney s plan visit to seoul in mid april is stirring up some new questions on korea u . s . relations , as the tentative date for the trip overlaps with the nation s general elections .
the defense ministry last friday revealed a document from washington a year ago that notified seoul of its decision to end its war reserve stocks program by .
one republican senator said he believed an agreement on the billion budget was near .
she s doing good , eisenbud said in a telephone interview . everything s on track .
unfortunately they cannot show up , as they are residents of disneyland , sorotto joked in a telephone interview with the associated press .
two of his current three wives are also pregnant .
yemeni soldiers guarding the embassy were hurt in the attack . the u . s . embassy will be closed wednesday .
the director of the u . s . peace corps had arrived in the philippines earlier this week to observe the search for campbell .
in daejeon , sim dae pyung a co chairman of the people first party beat former lawmaker lee jae sun of the gnp by a large margin to secure a parliamentary seat .
the other co chair also is a former senate majority leader , democrat tom daschle of south dakota .
us carmaker general motors is to cut , jobs in north america under a restructuring drive that aims to revive the company .
the court acquitted total on a separate charge of complicity in endangering people and property .
her fearlessness proved fatal .
the week before its final seven days in new york , les miserables grossed , , filling nearly percents of its seats .
after weeks of scrutiny following the bombing , jewell was cleared by the fbi and u . s . attorney kent alexander in an unprecedented government acknowledgment of wrongful accusation .
an offense that will probably keep him out of at least one champions league match .
there are rows of cages , some sheltered by corrugated metal roofs .
a personality cult surrounding leader kim jong il , stalinism and hatred of anything american .
he told reporters in boston that he was guardedly optimistic ahead of the contests .
the main opposition grand national party designated june as the month to protect press freedom and vowed to thwart the plan to close centers during an extraordinary national assembly session .
it was the second blast in a week in shanxi , china s largest coal producing province .
frankly , i consider the question below my dignity to answer , but however i would like to answer it , musharraf told the reporter from britain s sky news .
a short chapter bankruptcy would help union members , because starting monday , all chrysler plants will be closed during that time .
asahi shimbun , which is generally liberal in its editorial outlook , said that president roh was evidently unable to control his rage , interpreting the speech as a signal that there could be no improvement in bilateral relations between korea and japan for the rest of his term .
one of the men is suspected to have been involved in a new year s day attack on a paramilitary camp in uttar pradesh that killed eight people .
i didn t hesitate , after meeting him , bruni said in her first interview since becoming first lady .
leaders worry that rising anger about corruption , stagnant incomes among the million people in the countryside and a growing gap between rich and poor could turn volatile .
he called on the international community to commit to an international peace conference by which israeli and palestinian negotiation will take place .
it s a very different awareness .
traitor !
monday s visit is bush s first trip to iraq outside of baghdad . the president also traveled to iraq in and .
a report by the commission for assistance to a free cuba laid out the framework for washington s possible response in the event of castro s incapacitation or death .
bush enjoys widespread popularity in the country
we are keeping his family fully informed and offering them our continued support .
tokyo , japan the bank of japan kept interest rates unchanged at . percent on friday in a unanimous decision by its policy board , though expectations are growing that it will raise them in the coming months .
she denounced the government for portraying katrina leung as a chinese mata hari and said that the woman was convinced to keep working for the fbi even when she wanted to end their association .
the tampa bay rays held off the defending champions boston red sox sunday night behind matt garza s masterful pitching in game of the al championship series , earning a date with the philadelphia phillies .
communist chinese police opened fire and wounded four protesters in what it claimed was self defense last sunday in a tibetan area of sichuan province , the xinhua news agency says .
i am happy to report to our people that we just closed the impeachment case , jose de venecia , speaker of the house of representatives , told reporters on thursday .
the weeklong congress will offer a measure of hu s authority after five years in power , especially his ability to maneuver allies possibly including a designated successor into key positions .
the west thought the iranian nation would give in after just a resolution , but now we have taken another step in the nuclear progress and launched more than , centrifuge machines , installing a new cascade every week , the state television web site quoted ahmadinejad as saying .
add to grams of soluble fiber a day
cnn police in moscow , idaho , raided a church early sunday where a gunman had holed up after shooting and killing two people .
the national prosecuting authority said it will charge the police chief with corruption and defeating the administration of justice , tladi tladi , a spokesman for the agency told cnn .
and , on january , the international criminal court forged ahead with its first war crimes prosecution , targeting lubanga on charges of recruiting child soldiers the act was declared a war crime when the icc was established in .
i thanked dr . harvey for his distinguished service to the department and to the nation , gates said . this flagship institution must have its new leadership in place as quickly as possible .
public security ministry spokesman wu heping said these suicide squads fear neither bloodshed nor sacrifice .
the audio fades down , then a narrator translates bin laden s message into pashto .
bangkok , thailand cnn princess galyani vadhana , the elder sister of thailand s king bhumibol adulyadej , died wednesday , the royal palace announced . she was years old .
cnn from krill to king crabs , the collapse of a portion of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica could mean many changes for wildlife at the bottom of the world .
monday s csa poll for le parisien newspaper put sarkozy slightly ahead of royal for sunday s first round but said they would both get percent in the second round on may .
it will be the first international monitoring team to be given access to the yongbyon reactor since .
british ambassador john sawers called myanmar s refusal to let aid workers in as the death toll mounts an appalling crisis and labeled the government s actions inexplicable and inexcusable .
these two groups of mammoths were living in the same environment but were not interbreeding , causing low genetic diversity in their population .
but on friday burma s military junta extended it by another year , drawing swift international condemnation .
south korea is scaling back joint military drills with the u . s .
when it opens this fall , it will be the first section of the appalachian trail in northern new england to be designed as wheelchair accessible .
but by , hundreds of millions of people could face starvation , according to the report , which is still being revised .
bush said u . s . consumers are feeling the pain of rising oil costs , which topped a barrel this month .
a probable scenario is for roh to renounce his party membership around the year end with uri party affiliated cabinet ministers returning to the party and the president creating a politically neutral cabinet early next year .
the u . s . military on wednesday announced the arrest of a senior leader of al qaeda in iraq , an insurgent who , the military said , is casting himself as a conduit between the top leaders of al qaeda and al qaeda in iraq .
in north korea asked help to the un on an emergency basis .
presidency of the european union next month , sarkozy will try to boost the eu defense dimension .
being the mom of a young child especially one under is rewarding , but also a real strain on your mood .
she said the bottom of the shaft , where they are trapped , is well ventilated .
it s unclear how the new reductions will affect gaza s power plant , which is fueled by dor alon .
senate is to hold two inquiries of its own into the disaster which hit the gulf coast and new orleans .
hong kong , china cnn it is commonly said that we know more about the moon than the deep blue sea .
noise cancellation headphones can block out noise and help you sleep on planes
he said they adopted their third daughter in the mid s when she was days old .
local media reported that gang members burned up to cars in one section of the capital .
the reaction came after president roh berated two leading gnp contenders former seoul mayor lee myung bak and former gnp chairperson park geun hye and discounted their campaign pledges in a forum with his followers saturday .
mugabe spokesman george charamba said monday that there is nothing on this good earth that will stop the elections on the th .
rudolph was captured in murphy , north carolina , in may after one of the largest manhunts in u . s . history .
it s got a full suite of photos , press releases and videos under the banner change has come to america .
it is likely to pass because mugabe s zanu pf party dominates parliament , analysts say .
wolfe contends that dupre was years old and therefore not legally competent to enter into a contract with the defendants .
i can t see that this problem is going to get better .
although it is the fourth largest crude oil producer in the world , iran lacks the capacity to refine all of its petroleum into gasoline for consumption .
the church that he began building years ago in miami resembles no other
brown said the recent base handover in basra city in early september is a good sign of things to come since the present security situation has been calmer .
the metropolitan police , britain s largest police force , hopes a campaign beginning wednesday will highlight that the practice is a crime here . to make their point , police are offering a , pound euro ,
most people are no more interested in how government or politics works .
since announcing earlier this month it would join the strike , hyundai s union has been criticized heavily , in part because the automaker expects a huge increase in exports due to the free trade agreement between korea and the united states . the union leaders made the decision to strike in an executive session without taking the required vote from all of the members .
other drivers spotted them and opened christmas presents to provide warmer clothing for the children .
the christmas card was dated december , , and mailed to ethel martin of oberlin , apparently from her cousins in alma , nebraska .
what bush apparently never anticipated was a brazen admission that the evidence was right .
take heart , scientists have discovered that people can have a love that lasts a lifetime .
thai police detained north koreans at an immigration office in bangkok on tuesday and most of them want to come to south korea , wire news services reported on wednesday .
rice is one of key sticky issues in the talks as farmers and civic groups have fiercely opposed the opening of the market .
kazemi s initial appeal for asylum in the netherlands , made in october , was rejected .
head judge lance goodwin said , so long on abc
however , french president nicolas sarkozy intervened on the six s behalf after a chadian court sentenced the six aid workers to eight years of hard labor in chad , and the central african nation handed them over to france to serve their sentences .
bush has already vetoed a bill that linked funding to a troop withdrawal .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said the delay was intended to support chinese attempts to ease tensions .
the government cannot hide its bitter shock over the death of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who was killed by terrorists on thursday while on an election campaign , and it offers its sincerest condolences to the family of the deceased , the foreign ministry said in a statement .
iaea monitors in north korea had verified the four new closures , elbaradei told journalists in malaysia .
federal bureau of prisons spokesman mike truman says black reported monday to a low security prison near coleman , florida .
meanwhile french president nicolas sarkozy added more good news thursday , saying he was going to pump billion into its economy .
cuban used part of that windfall to buy the dallas mavericks , an national basketball association franchise that he still owns .
the united states needs to convince iraqis that they will have full sovereignty and are no longer under occupation .
human rights groups estimate that more than million people have been killed , making it the deadliest conflict since world war ii .
greenpeace and other environmental activists have criticized china for its environmental policies .
conversely , wearing the d glasses while watching regular programming on the hyundai d tv produces a slight d effect .
cnn a vietnamese woman caught cooking a tiger carcass was sentenced to two and a half years in jail , state media reported thursday .
the french president s schedule included a full state banquet at windsor castle on wednesday night , where he is staying as the guest of the queen .
the court granted thaksin , who owns english premier league soccer team manchester city , permission to leave thailand on thursday for a month , his spokesman said .
that was the president a short time ago , speaking to the national academy of sciences as he outlined his administration s science research agenda .
london , england cnn the driver of the limousine in which princess diana and her lover dodi fayed were killed spent time in a bar shortly before the paris crash , a jury at an inquest into her death has heard .
that s far too many if one hopes to use human unfertilized eggs , which are cumbersome to obtain from women .
jon , the last time all of america s ex presidents came together at the white house was before they and ronald reagan flew to the funeral of egypt s anwar sadat .
the term of current bank of japan gov . toshihiko fukui ends march .
ed jensen , the attorney for embattled illinois governor rob blagojevich , is not happy with the state legislature s impeachment process .
the scientists found that women in love had more activity than men in the areas of the brain that govern memories .
hudson and her family are offering a , reward her nephew s safe return , according to a statement from her publicist .
the bureau said the eruption was decreasing wednesday and explosions were less frequent and milder , even as argentina reported a heavy presence of gas and ash across the border .
mohamed elbaradei , director general of the international atomic energy agency , suggested in a keynote address to the iaea general conference that it was time to tighten world policing of nuclear activities and to stop relying on information volunteered by countries .
he has a lot of influence right now because he s behind the scenes . he s probably providing cash flow but once they have power in their hands they will be more independent of him , chris baker , an author on thai politics , told cnn .
the five permanent members of the u . n . security council the united states , russia , china , britain and france plus germany , had agreed to draft a new resolution imposing further financial and visa restrictions if there were no new steps forward in the nuclear stand off by the end of november .
i appreciate his endorsement , and i appreciate his service to our country , said mccain , adding that he wanted bush at his side as much as possible on the campaign trail .
another cases that did not result in death could also be linked to contaminated pet food , according to dr . emilio debess , oregon s public health veterinarian .
sunnis believe allah withdrew the mehdi from the eyes of the people and they are waiting for him to reappear as their leader .
both approaches are becoming increasingly viable , and combined they re even more effective . but why bother ?
for many muslims , performing the hajj is a lifelong dream , a chance to fulfill a requirement of their faith and win forgiveness for their sins .
connecticut s attorney general says the company has turned over documents showing that it paid out million in bonuses .
but it does highlight how the relationship people have with each other and with death has not changed much from the period in which humanity first settled in villages , learning to farm the land and tame animals , he said .
the latest case confirmed by laboratory tests was that of a year old deceased female from lagos , nigeria , who officials said saturday .
they included torture , executions and extensive forced labor , it said .
they arrived at a hospital in labuan bajo , on the western tip of the island of flores , about two hours later , an official said .
a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology s freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause .
both groups have called a renewed ceasefire to end the violence in which nearly people have died , but gunfire was still being heard after it began .
the benchmark nikkei index lost . points , or . percent , to , . points by the end of the morning session on the tokyo stock exchange .
trailing in delegates and the popular vote , clinton has been stepping up the pressure on obama for more debates before the upcoming primaries , which are crucial to her candidacy .
the report said a political framework for action on climate stability is essential , but said the kyoto protocol , under which many industrial nations except the united states committed to curb greenhouse gas emissions by , does not go far enough .
woman wants to get resume off her chest
but if sloth is the principal villain , americans should be losing a little weight .
french soccer star thierry henry was in his group .
north korea will take part in an international conference on asian women forced into sexual slavery during world war ii , organizers said yesterday .
south korea had the highest number of tourists to visit cambodia last year some , south koreans were among last year s total of . million foreign visitors , according to statistics from cambodia s tourism ministry .
she mixed detergent with a liquid cleanser in her bathroom , police said .
you ve got to realize there is not one perfect school for anyone , says kim johnston , the director of admissions at the university of maine , and the incoming president of the nacac .
normal , healthy babies have a strong gag reflex that protects their airway when they choke , so the offending particle is coughed up or swallowed and not inhaled into the lungs .
and she s looking forward to the idol tour , starting july th .
the vehicles , some of which remain on the bridge deck , will be examined for clues to how people may have died or been injured , rosenker said .
the families of the remaining south korean hostages being held in central afghanistan say they have all but lost hope for the survival of their loved ones after a second hostage s body was recovered .
bp plc on sunday shut down the pipeline that carries more than , barrels of oil a day because of a hour walkout by employees at a refinery in central scotland .
a winglet tips up and back from the end of a wing , improving aerodynamic efficiency .
a refugee in iran for years , her mix of classic and modern ballads kept the audience wanting more .
he will also visit britain and france as part of his short european tour .
a coalition spokesman confirmed the sunday night attack on the insurgents but said he did not know of any civilian casualties .
the rebels entered the city on saturday , local officials and journalists said .
jalili and solana spoke separately to reporters after their talk .
charges have been filed against people , of whom have been arrested , garibyan said .
hilton has professed in letters and phone interviews to want to change her partying ways .
it is based on almost investigations in countries around the world .
by mid afternoon in europe , light , sweet crude for july delivery fell . to . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange . on monday , the contract rose cents to settle at . .
pope benedict xvi reiterated the roman catholic church s opposition to homosexual behavior and warned that humanity could destroy itself .
the two remaining major candidates for the democratic presidential nomination are locked in a fierce battle for their party s presidential nomination , with obama holding a slight lead both in delegates and the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses to date .
forest service says more than firefighters are battling a wildfire in california s los padres national forest
in the lee der suicide , an official who answered the telephone at the company s factory in the southern city of foshan on monday said he had not heard of the news .
the country s electoral body on sunday backed the parliament elected in february s disputed polls that led to the removal of president askar akayev .
the six year old girl was beaten and strangled in her colorado home years ago , in a case that gripped america .
i think you need to balance things , said thornton , a fourth grader from atlanta , georgia .
microsoft msft , fortune sent a letter to yahoo yhoo , fortune on saturday , threatening to offer the deal directly to stockholders if the company s board did not respond by april .
while it is not unusual to have two animals performing aerial behaviors at the same time , we are reviewing the situation to ensure even such a random incident does not occur again .
mantovani had a daughter with pavarotti alice , who is .
soon it s stanley works , the toolmaker based in connecticut it s closing plants and laying off about of its work force .
erakat said there are multiple authorities in gaza , making it extremely difficult to control the fighters .
the move is designed to help the us military supply enough troops for ongoing operations .
nowak s supervisor at the johnson space center in houston , retired air force col . steve lindsey , testified at her morning court appearance .
beckham s wife victoria , wearing her trademark huge black sunglasses , along with actress katie holmes and her infant daughter suri , watched from a private box above the field .
mccain locked up the republican presidential nomination tuesday night by winning texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island .
simultaneously , korea and the u . s . held a high level meeting in washington , d . c . to deal with other fta issues such as automobiles and textiles .
top executives from general motors , chrysler , and ford , making their sales pitches again on capitol hill as they look for emergency federal loans .
eventually it has got to release in the form of giant earthquake , states galetzka matter of factly . it could be a rare magnitude quake , and with the plates so tightly sprung , it will happen sooner , he believes , rather than later .
roads and bridges in the area have been closed .
cnn malaysia s prime minister took the oath of office for a new five year term monday , rejecting calls to resign after an unprecedented electoral setback that has shaken the country s political landscape , the associated press reported .
former president kim dae jung urged the united states on monday to show more flexibility to offer north korea concrete benefits in return for the dismantlement of all nuclear weapons programs .
the korea times reports shin will hold a news conference to announce his resignation , quoting party officials .
landsman s world is fiction , of course , a product of michael chabon s imagination .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
then all of you can go home for the chinese new year , the premier said , bringing applause from the crowd .
yes , i am glad to see you too , an old south korean entrepreneur said to a shy north korean woman handing him a flower .
olmert said if saudi arabia arranged a conference of moderate arab states and invited him and palestinian leader mahmoud abbas , he would attend .
we seem to be having some problems with ed s feed .
a computer simulation of the september , , attack on the world trade center , posted on the web site youtube by purdue university researchers , shows how hijacked planes crashed through the twin towers , stripping fireproofing materials from the steel columns and eventually leading to their collapse .
the protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated .
the navy divers entered the murky waters before dawn on tuesday to survey the search site and returned later in the morning to clear debris from the site .
korean troops have been deployed there since august .
specifically , the family had to make a decision on whether to leave their homeland or stay inside iraq for treatment .
about of the suspects were being investigated in the united states alone , said platter , according to a report from the associated press .
fund managers said strong corporate profit growth was supporting stocks .
san francisco , california cnn the number of chinook salmon returning to california s central valley has reached a near record low , pointing to an unprecedented collapse that could lead to severe restrictions on west coast salmon fishing this year , according to federal fishery regulators .
iran has been steadily upping the ante in a standoff with the u . n . security council , which has demanded an enrichment halt over suspicions that tehran s declared civilian nuclear fuel project is a cover for mastering the means to build atom bombs .
omaha police chief thomas warren said hawkins visited with a friend before going to the mall , and he sent a text message to a girl , apparently a recent ex girlfriend .
later , walking out of the mass , i m thankful for many things , including the knowledge that , among travelers , the early bird gets the memories .
about north korean refugees arrested in crackdowns have been sent back to the north .
north korea is expected to freeze and shut down its yongbyon reactor and the reprocessing facility around the time of the informal talks , it said .
more than , anti war protesters demonstrated in rome , milan and other cities in italy , where the war has also been supported by the conservative government but is opposed by the public , according to polls .
scientists said they are not concerned about a rise in sea level from the latest event in antarctica , but say it s a sign of worsening global warming .
a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky
washington president bush and israeli prime minister ehud olmert on tuesday sought to bolster palestinian president mahmoud abbas in his battle with hamas for primacy , calling him a moderate voice and the only true leader of the palestinian people .
we ve got a president who has more promise as he enters office
one said there are five possible scenarios
it s telling that john mccain whose vice presidential search process is headed by a prominent d . c . lobbyist who served as the reagan administration s point man on the iran contra scandal would try to recycle a tired attack on mr . holder , she said .
what went on during that incident certainly caused tremendous chaos and panic in norris hall , flaherty said , describing how victims were found in four classrooms and in the stairwell of the school s engineering science and mechanics building .
that chapter is closed .
if successful , the deal would allow the chinese giant to quickly capture market share in a region where it is ranked sixth and barely profitable , while it continues to digest and revive a global pc business bought from ibm in , analysts say .
florida s specialty license plates require the payment of additional fees , some of which go to causes the plates endorse .
both are celebrating their th anniversaries , one of them tonight .
the piano was at the end of a dirt road , near a walking path to a footbridge in the middle of conservation land near the cape .
the deal will also include returning the remains of several slain border infiltrators , the official said .
the incoming government s grand plan to cut telecommunication service fees by percent is off to an unconvincing start , with sk telecom introducing only a slight discount scheme for its loyal users .
at a graduation ceremony of the korea third military academy on tuesday , roh said korea s new role was of a stabilizer for peace and prosperity not just on the korean peninsula , but in east asia as a whole .
but when the astronauts struggled to plant the u . s . flag in the lunar surface , they twisted it around a bit before it stuck , and that naturally created ripples in the flag .
but there is going to be time when we have to get into specifics , and i have heard not every speech he has given obviously , but they are singularly lacking in specifics , and that s when as the campaign moves forward , we will be portraying very stark differences .
the device causes discomfort to younger ears by exploiting their ability to hear very high frequencies a power which declines once they reach their s .
their findings are published in this week s online edition of proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
early last month , emi said it would make its music available online without a key anti piracy measure , becoming the first major music group to take the risk in a bid to grow digital sales .
the overall economy is still contracting very sharply , and we are shedding jobs at a rapid pace .
at gifford pinchot state park in lewisberry , year old retiree janice sorgen and her family are among those who will have to vacate the park s cabins and camping spots first thing monday morning if a deal is not reached .
president elect barack obama is expected to introduce retiring illinois congressman ray lahood , a republican , as his transportation secretary today .
he was gored , as was a year old runner from valencia .
he also asked the international community , particularly developed countries , to honor outstanding pledges to the wfp .
tokyo s leaders have expressed regrets to the now aged victims , but the women as well as other governments denounce japan for what they see as an evasion of a formal acknowledgement of wrongdoing .
lemont , illinois cnn playing next to tiger woods for two days was daunting enough .
the labor department says long term unemployment has hit a year high more than million people and more jobs are being lost .
another poll in the right wing daily telegraph of london showed that percent of british voters support a referendum .
atlanta , georgia cnn dr . anne nedrow gets the e mails every day e mails from women patients linking to web sites of dubious quality .
nawaz said islamic militants had threatened to attack all political parties in northwest pakistan before parliamentary elections on february .
japan s minister in charge of food safety , fumio kishida , said the incident prompted grave concerns and vowed to take urgent measures .
in later news reports , iranian officials denied that production cuts were imminent , but said a reduction has been discussed .
under british law , inquests are held when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown
raison isn t the only fan of alternative healing as a means of stress reduction .
late word from ohio that the cleveland man suspected of killing his wife , sister in law , and young children was a newlywed .
the pain has persisted in the current quarter .
they urge china to take simpler steps like raising water prices , curbing rampant well digging , stopping up leaks and improving water treatment .
os north of guayaquil was the hardest hit of nine provinces affected , civil defense officials said .
pakistan s army says its troops are involved in street fighting against militants in the main town of the swat valley .
julian makaa , spokesman for the national disaster management office , said officials could only guess at the numbers of dead in the remotest villages , where two way radio is the usual mode of contact with the outside world .
two or three other former keb executives and government officials may also be arrested , he said .
as a company we ve become faster and overall more efficient , he said . our balance sheet is strong .
we need a bit of confidence and a bit of clarity to come back into the financial sector now .
this is the scene at the shepherd center in atlanta , georgia , where students attend weekly adaptive yoga class .
the north korean leader , kim jong il , had quietly passed by rail through the station as he returned from china before dawn some nine hours earlier .
the video was still on gossip web site gawker . com on tuesday .
the former first lady fell last week at her home , drake said , but admitted herself to the hospital only after experiencing persistent pain .
air force one touched down late on tuesday evening , following bush s surprise detour to iraq .
the next day , agents from the fbi and secret service came to the office and said , you have a problem way bigger than what you understand . . . you have been compromised , and a serious amount of files have been loaded off your system .
he also made references to an incident years ago in suicide notes and said he had been haunted by dreams of repeating his actions .
the mayor of the japanese city of nagasaki has died several hours after being shot , police said .
still , forecasters warned temperatures could be freezing at night .
the machine isn t that strong , much less so than a muscular man . even women should be able to beat it , said atlus spokeswoman ayano sakiyama , calling the recall a precaution .
defreitas , a retired jfk airport cargo worker , made four reconnaissance missions to the airport , authorities said .
in a column in tuesday s chicago sun times , ebert wrote that what happened was cancer of the salivary gland had spread to his right lower jaw .
defending champion federer went down for the first time in meetings against gonzalez and admitted
they should feel ashamed for their dereliction of duty , he said .
the u . s . embassy in baghdad disavowed a senate resolution calling for dividing iraq into federal regions , a move iraqi leaders condemned sunday as a violation of iraq s sovereignty .
in south africa , more than percent of the population has one
there is no cause and effect relationship , limon said , noting the killing was four days after the show .
the state governor has called for , troops to restore order after a spate of lawlessness , afp reports .
twenty one demonstrators were detained seven indians , a nepalese and greeks and were all to be released without charge , police said .
in my mind , in my view , it s been an extraordinary mission , said leroy cain , chairman of the mission management team .
part of the agreement for north korea s denuclearization that was announced last year included an increase in cultural exchanges .
the post office is adding new personalized forever envelopes that can be ordered
martin scorsese received the best director for the civil war era immigrant saga gangs of new york , a film he had wanted to make for decades that , once completed , was delayed for more than a year by miramax films .
greatest hits features hits , including wannabe and spice up your life , and two new songs , voodoo and the upcoming single , headlines friendship never ends .
scientists would like to improve predictions of the arrival time from the current day or so to a few hours , said russell howard , principal investigator for the naval research laboratory project .
clad in what appeared to be an explosive vest , kidnapped bbc correspondent alan johnston warned sunday that his captors would turn their hideout into a death zone if any rescue attempt is made .
the genetic data indicated that there were two distinct groups of woolly mammoths which separated about million years ago .
the g finance ministers are hard at work , trying to find a solution to the credit crisis that has rocked the world .
fred thompson , ron paul and duncan hunter also remain in the republican race .
smith is making wine through crushpad , a winery where the grapes are real but the experience is as virtual as members want it to be with e mail updates , live chat and web cams .
it s now down more than points .
new york cnn as paris hilton s sidekick on the simple life , nicole richie showed a flair for comedy and an impish glee at cracking jokes at others expense .
we have given orders to our security forces to immediately intervene in case they see any violations by security companies .
a resolution demanding japan s apology for sexual enslavement of women , jointly proposed by representatives , tuesday passed the u . s .
the prime minister accompanied the mountaineer s widow , lady june hillary , into tuesday s church service .
after two days of heated debate , the lower chamber voted in favour , with abstentions .
the worker also said the pilot had told him all the electronics had also failed .
he is a fisherman , but most boats and nets were destroyed during the cyclone .
the suspect allegedly revealed the names of dozens of spanish spies , possibly including the seven spanish spies killed in an ambush south of baghdad in november , saiz said .
many hong kongers believe the city is ready for democratic reform , but beijing loyalists especially those in the business community worry that political changes will create social upheaval and upset the economy .
freezing rain and sleet has knocked out power to more than a quarter million customers in ohio , illinois , and indiana , and hundreds of passengers waited hours for flights as a massive storm brought more than a foot of snow , from the midwest to the northeast .
twenty one others including the american bystander were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a kilogram pound bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said .
inflation that private economists estimate in the double digits , corruption scandals and a sputtering energy crisis .
the joong ang ilbo reports grand national party chairwoman park geun hye said yesterday she would step down from her post in korea s largest opposition party on june , a de facto announcement of her presidential bid in the election .
founding member don henley said during a private weekend concert that the band was nearing completion on an album of all new material , the las vegas review journal reported on tuesday .
spaniard alberto contador of the discovery channel team has won the tour de france after finishing safe in the main pack in sunday s last stage won by italian daniele bennati .
i cannot understand how a nation already under u . n . sanctions is going to become part of the security council that puts sanctions on countries , flynn added . this is absolutely an abomination as far as i m concerned .
the recruits were heading from falluja to baghdad around a . m . when they were hit by the explosion in the town of haswa , the official said .
forty four troops have died this month .
by early wednesday just two weeks since the profile s creation on may about , facebook users had signed on as wen s supporters .
oil prices wednesday . energy investors worry that falling equities are a symptom of weakening economies that would use less oil and gasoline .
officers held his arms to support him as they led him to a police car , which sped away in a heavily guarded convoy to the tribunal s offices .
members of congress from both side of the aisle are raising questions about the billion plan .
explosives , liquids , narcotics , weapons , plastics , and ceramics can all be detected by the camera s imaging technology , which the company says is completely safe .
bhutan and nepal are separated by a strip of land belonging to india .
the first charge dates back to may , when darwin is accused of obtaining money fraudulently from unat direct insurance management ltd . by falsely claiming that he had been killed in an accident the previous year .
but in terms of virgin tropical landscapes it is one of the wealthiest , says rombout swanborn , a dutch businessman and conservationist .
the year old , who was released by the discovery channel team last week at his own request , has previously stated he was a victim in the investigation and maintained his innocence .
mindful of its diplomatic pact with egypt , israel s foreign ministry issued a tersely worded call for egypt to ensure that the border operates properly , in accordance with the signed agreements and israel expects the egyptians to solve the problem .
his father couldn t calm him down and finally gave up trying .
a top clinton fundraiser said her withdrawal is expected to happen friday .
the forum comes amid heightened concern over the north korean issue in the wake of its missile tests of july th , and the five parties the us , russia , china , south korea and japan have been seeking informal talks .
prejudice , however , persists in some rural areas of the country .
rice described her half hour with syria s waleed moallem on the sidelines of a major regional conference on iraq as professional and businesslike .
iraqs prime minister insists theres no room for militants in the new iraq .
others deface them deliberately , including a finnish tourist who was fined , after hacking an ear lobe off a statue in march .
two bandits shot dead devi s gang leader lover and took her their village of where she was confined in a shack and allegedly gang raped by local men .
they are on a steady decline mainly because there s a shortage of their primary prey , the european rabbit .
president nicolas sarkozy s rightest party has won a majority in parliamentary elections in france , according to early poll projections .
a garden with lemon and fig trees an organic vegetarian caf eacute
in a speech to us war veterans in reno , nevada , bush renewed charges that tehran has provided training and weapons for extremists in iraq .
the army later said maj . gen . eric b . schoomaker will take command of walter reed and the north atlantic regional medical command .
foreign ministry spokesman kong quan said there was ironclad evidence that the nanjing massacre was an atrocity committed by japanese militarism during the war of aggression in china .
they pegged his chances of recovery at and called his condition very critical .
meanwhile , police used tear gas and batons against sharif supporters near the airport monday morning and arrested of them , the sources said .
islamabad , pakistan cnn an explosion near a bus carrying army personnel killed four people in pakistan on monday , police told cnn .
hundreds of armed members of saddam s baath party were hunkered down in the capital , waiting for the united states to unleash its full might , but there was no indication of when that might happen .
syria called the incursion a breach of airspace of the syrian arab republic and said it is not the first time israel has violated syrian airspace , the letter to u . n . secretary general ban ki moon read .
south korean and chinese officials said the talks are likely to restart in november or december .
in the last years , ebola is the single largest killer of apes . poaching is a close second , said peter walsh , a member if iucn s primate specialist group , told the ap .
the bank said it would start an immediate search for his successor .
the world no . won against the unseeded frenchman , who was playing his first final in a top tier tournament .
the ministry of construction and transportation yesterday released the results of a survey of , adults nationwide on property policies , jointly conducted by the government information agency and market research company tns korea .
doctors said the two , both in their s , had lost a lot of weight and their kidneys were damaged due to days without food and water .
the rate of expansion was the slowest since the second quarter of , when the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars , cooled growth to . percent .
the analysis of dinosaur tracks , reported in the journal nature , the foot long creatures were able to accelerate from a walking pace of about four mph to a top speed of almost mph .
the news agency did not provide additional information on the plot .
the technology is still fraught with problems and a long way from paying significant dividends .
markets in europe reacted with london s ftse index down . percent at , .
prompted by government attempts to cut pension privileges , the strikes will be for hours but could be prolonged to friday , ricard said .
we re willing to strengthen cooperation with japan in every sphere , he said , adding that china wants to amicably settle a dispute over the two countries boundary in the east china sea .
under indian law , the sale of human organs is illegal , but the country has a flourishing black market . there have long been reports of poor indians selling their kidneys and even giving them up by force in some cases .
nedrow recommends the national institute of health s section on women and heart health .
at least of those people are well armed hard liners , according to interior minister aftab ahmed khan sherpao .
u . s . denied the washington post s article about nuclear exports by n . k .
that gap is something the arizona senator needs to tackle , said carly fiorina , a mccain adviser and former hewlett packard ceo .
a us army officer and an iraqi interpreter died in the same attack
granholm tells wjr radio in detroit she s lacking in one area
at a recent party for politicians , businessmen and military officers in moscow , anastasia fit right in .
bush offered singh support and assistance in restoring order to india .
gates speaks of a threatening division in the alliance and warns of a loss of reliability , the paper reported . he describes the overstretching of u . s . armed forces .
hundreds of people have been detained .
the contract rose cents on thursday to close at a record finish of . a barrel .
asked if obama would scale up the package , given the economic conditions , obama s incoming senior adviser , david axelrod , said he thinks obama is going to do what s necessary .
also wednesday , a manager at a private british security firm in afghanistan was shot and killed in the capital kabul , a spokesman for the company said .
ambassador to korea toshiyuki takano returned to tokyo to report on korea s stance over japan s renewed claims to the islands , which have touched off a series of protests here .
labbadia , who was italian born , played twice for germany s national team and bundesliga games for several teams , including bayern munich and werder bremen .
the black clad couple said they had been told to leave one bus and prevented from boarding another .
however , under the proposed system , the government will determine a list of drugs covered by the insurance according to price and efficacy .
the warm weather season begins in late november and early december , but you ll want to plan way ahead for your trip .
he said uefa was in contact with liverpool and offering to help with the logistics of changing the fans travel plans .
the us says coalition forces in iraq have carried out more than raids since the death last week of al qaeda s leader in iraq , abu musab al zarqawi .
when i write i am primarily trying to translate my relationship to the everyday , to events , he said . we live in a troubled era in which we are bombarded by a chaos of ideas and images . the role of literature today is perhaps to echo this chaos .
you must have a level playing field for free and fair elections .
it was unclear what if any charges they would face , but the party has been outlawed since and is barred from organizing political activities .
when she died in , her husband retained the diamond , which was passed on to his heirs .
the move is a blow to the sony playstation game , seen as the console s first launch of an icon to match nintendo s ubiquitous mario , in which rag doll character sackboy negotiates a lavishly designed world of platforms and challenges .
wen and other chinese leaders have promised repeatedly to close a growing gap between china s rich and poor , which they worry threatens political stability and the ruling party s hold on power .
asked about u . s . reaction to ahmadinejad s speech , u . s . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe reiterated washington s willingness to talk to iran once it complies with the u . n . security council resolution .
chief u . n . nuclear inspector mohamed elbaradei expressed hope sunday that his trip to north korea would help nudge pyongyang toward nuclear disarmament , but described it as only the first step in a long journey .
in the survey , conducted between march and june , most kids who reported unwanted exposure were aged to .
he speculated they could have represented an intermediate stage of development before the emergence of true flight powered by flapping the wings .
china s boom falters amid global crisis
as of early may , six people had died this year .
the new locks , approved in a referendum nearly a year ago , are expected to be ready for use between and .
it was the st title of henin s which includes seven grand slam trophies .
connecticut s campbell walker scored in his club s win over missouri in the midwest final
pittsburgh , pennsylvania cnn it was a serious contribution to the electronic lexicon .
she has exchanged e mails with thiesen , she said monday , and they re arranging for him to mail it .
avril lavigne , blonde stunner carrie underwood tomboyish but sexy ciara , fashionista gwen stefani and hip swiveling shakira on a song featuring bootylicious beyonce .
the bad boss tales i ve heard include many stories of managers demanding the undoable , responding to objections by simply reiterating that it had to be done .
king abdullah has invited , guests to this year s hajj , including iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
there may be times when quick and efficient transfers and check ins are what is most important from a excursion , but with the holiday season almost upon us , even the most hardened road warriors will be forgiven for thinking more about winding down for the year than business .
the man calling himself dan cooper , also known as d . b . cooper , boarded a northwest flight in portland for a flight to seattle on the night of november , , and commandeered the plane , claiming he had dynamite .
the united nations says it will stop distributing food to more than million children and elderly in north korea because of a shortfall in international aid , sparking fears of a worsening humanitarian crisis in the country .
algerian interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni blamed a militant islamic group with ties to al qaeda for the attacks , which also targeted a building housing algeria s constitutional council and supreme court .
under the designation , any bank accounts and financial assets in the united states must be frozen , and american citizens will not be permitted to do business with the bank .
an initial pathologist s report concluded that he had been strangled .
since the islamic militant hamas faction took power last march , western donors have cut off vital foreign aid , leaving the palestinian government bankrupt . abbas has been trying to forge a unity government to restore the aid .
one of the samples came from the first specimen ever recorded , the so called adams mammoth , found in and dug out of the permafrost between and .
some might confuse it with an industrial table .
fernando gomez , , from east london , had been in intensive care for several days but died on sunday , hospital officials said .
it may be one small step for civilian space travel , but it s a leap for education .
a minimal heat rise means more food production in northern regions of the world .
the agreement came after china lifted its objections to a statement first drafted by the us , uk and france .
.
we need to stop endlessly repeating you re special and having children repeat that back , said the study s lead author , professor jean twenge of san diego state university .
the losses across europe on wednesday wiped out initial gains at the start of the day s trading after london and paris had both closed ahead on tuesday .
the state department had recommended stephens as the sole candidate for the post , and the white house accepted it at the end of last year , according to the sources .
thousands of people have been posting messages on chinese websites calling for the government agency involved in the incident to be abolished .
according to the national youth commission affiliated with the office of the prime minister , the number of suicides by youths aged between and has increased three fold since the financial crisis .
glowing jellyfish earns nobel prize
it was like a foot tornado of flames , mark hilton , who was struck in the eye , told the associated press .
yesterday , the nation s leading civic group filed a complaint for charges of malpractice against junior lee and nine other samsung executives from the company s affiliates .
but it took some solace from the victory of the small parties , which it seeks to ally with before the december presidential election .
they re close enough to call homo sapiens , said tim white , a university of california , berkeley paleontologist who was co leader of the international team that excavated and analyzed the skulls .
ten burmese activists have been charged over last august s fuel price protests which grew into countrywide anti government demonstrations .
and so at a . m . , we loaded bottles of water and bags of almonds and apricots into a minivan for the journey .
, roh proposed that the five year , single term presidential system be replaced with a four year one , which would allow future presidents to seek re election .
university of maryland economist peter morici .
both democratic leaders said they would discuss a compromise .
a statement from the united nations said people were reported killed .
if we do , the next generation will become even lazier .
david wildt with the smithsonian s national zoological park in washington says scientists in wolong have overcome threats to the giant panda population before .
new york gov . david paterson has the sole responsibility of picking clinton s replacement .
guy is moving into one of the first of some make it right homes planned for a district where levees crumbled after katrina , unleashing floodwaters that knocked previous homes off their foundations .
river road is closed in both directions
they complain it implies that foreigners are most likely to commit acts of terrorism or commit crimes on japanese soil .
abe has angered the koreans and other asians with remarks that appeared to question the state s role , although he has also said a apology acknowledging coercion remained in effect .
the companies on sale include woori bank , hynix semiconductor inc . and hyundai engineering construction co . , all of which are leading firms in their respective industries .
word has spread , and we are getting a lot more tourists , yoshikuni said monday .
home prices have fallen almost over the last year and the economy has shed over , jobs .
according to naver , the nation s largest portal and search engine , sunday , the suicide of actress jeong da bin drew the most concern of internet users in the shortest time .
on wall street , the dow is down points .
the iraqi judge who prepared the case against saddam hussein says there is no evidence he was beaten in us custody , despite the former leader s claims .
police searching for a year old british girl who disappeared days ago in southern portugal sealed off a villa monday near where she is believed to have been abducted , according to news reports .
archaeologists in russia have discovered an extraordinary group of stone age artworks which appear to have been carefully buried in pits and covered with mammoth bones , the researchers announced this week in a newly published paper .
we have to sell them , so we re not going to build anything until it feels right .
. until the first half of the year , many market experts anticipated that the employment scale by large enterprises would increase significantly , riding on a strong upturn of the domestic economy .
it really looked like a spaceship ready to take off , said realtor lois killebrew , who handled an open house at the first sale of the chattanooga home decades ago .
sheriff s sgt . larry king said a deputy took mccready s baby and another wrestled mccready to the ground .
what appears to have happened is that he the pilot didn t manage to land and he tried to take off again , said capt . marcos , a fire department spokesman who would identify himself only by rank and first name in accordance with department guidelines .
the sound of the gunshot sparked an immediate security alert .
video showed cars wading through several inches of water on the streets .
during a rally later for more than american troops at the base , bush warned members of congress who might be anticipating quick reductions in u . s . forces .
i m very concerned with the international situation and what s happening in tibet , rogge said on monday in beijing .
a police officer shooting at a snake apparently killed a year old boy who was fishing at a nearby pond , officials said .
outside contractors in charge of operating the white house electronic mail system testified before a house committee that they were instructed by high ranking white house staff not to discuss an ongoing e mail server problem .
police chief john dennee would not say how peterson died , but said he was no longer a threat to the public .
the year old has battled cocaine addiction in the past and he had a stomach stapling operation in .
the mission involves japanese vessels in the indian ocean providing refuelling and other logistical support to us military planes , and the us has made clear it sees these activities as vital .
pet dogs abandoned as recession bites
about people from christian churches prayed in a downtown hong kong park , displaying a banner that said don t be afraid , just believe .
the year old actress was in los angeles at the time of the incident , show representative eva demirjian said . demirjian declined further comment .
the day after sweeping to power in general elections on november , rudd held meetings with government officials about the mechanics of signing the kyoto protocol on cutting greenhouse gas emissions .
for south koreans , group activity comes naturally .
a candidate needs , to clinch the democratic nomination .
the museum was open to the public when the theft occurred , but it wasn t immediately clear whether anyone was visiting at the time .
last year , the military started strapping detainees in restraint chairs during tube feedings to prevent the prisoners from resisting or making themselves vomit .
baur retired from p g in the early s .
in response , serbia ordered its ambassador to the united states to return home , the serbian embassy said .
they noticed some matted brush , and below it found rider s vehicle , smashed on its side , state patrol spokesman jeff merrill said .
vice foreign minister kim kye gwan , pyongyang s chief delegate to the six party talks , apparently made this remark at a plenary session , in which six top delegates from each of the six nations delivered keynote speeches .
i still do not understand exactly how it happened , he said .
but doctors at the university of pittsburgh medical center knew a way to avoid those devastating consequences .
the former congresswoman also criticized the obama campaign for efforts she characterized as trying to block her first amendment rights .
hence , it is the best place to study black holes in detail .
on november , hogan s son , year old nick bollea , was arrested on reckless driving charges after a car crash .
michael carrick , alan smith and wayne rooney had united up after minutes before cristiano ronaldo th and th scored either side of the break .
the actor waited for the verdict outside the courthouse s cafeteria on the roof but declined to comment after the decision .
it was the first marriage for bruni , , and the third for the year old sarkozy .
paris , france cnn alain ducasse has already taken haute cuisine to great heights , in menus for the concorde jet and for astronauts .
researchers found that participants taking crestor cut their risk of heart attack , stroke and death by nearly half compared with participants taking the placebo .
the sand diego county blaze , straddling highway , scorched , acres and destroyed at least one structure , fire officials said .
spokesman dmitry peskov said the attackers must have used a fake kremlin internet address to tarnish russian authorities .
national hurricane center senior specialist , james franklin , says paloma could bring in a massive ft .
but she s certainly not alone in fretting about the infinite web s potential to collapse into an all absorbing black hole .
rise today , said norihiro fujito , general manager of mitsubishi ufj securities investment research and information division .
it was not immediately clear which branch of the armed forces the passengers were from . police said the army had cordoned off the area .
obama reacted at a news conference on tuesday .
it s the beginning of the surveillance society where you can be tracked anywhere , any time and all your movements , and eventually all your activities will be tracked and noted and correlated , said barry steinhardt , director of the american civil liberties union s technology and liberty project .
he had said he was feeling unwell while being driven home from work on sunday and was taken directly to jerusalem s hadassah university hospital .
federal prosecutors accuse pearlman of lying to investors to raise millions of dollars for fake companies .
kim chang also declined to comment .
these crustaceans are protected at five community based sanctuaries broadkill beach , slaughter beach , fowler beach , pickering beach and kitts hummock , all accessible to the public .
prosecutors approved the deal after an appeals court overturned richey s conviction and death sentence last year .
tottenham ended more than eight years of failure against bitter rivals arsenal in some style with a resounding victory at white hart lane to book a trip to wembley in the league cup final where they will play either chelsea or everton .
i don t think america gets enough credit for trying to help improve people s lives , bush said at a joint news conference with brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva . my trip is to explain as clearly as i can that our nation is generous and compassionate .
serb police official and suspend policemen believed to have taken part .
al qaeda linked militants say they will kill kim sun il unless south korea withdraws its troops from iraq and reconsiders a decision to deploy additional forces .
rita is this season s th named storm .
mccain is also not worried about losing .
they lived in exile in saudi arabia , where many of the family remain .
previously , the legal drinking age for usfk personnel was twenty , according to korean law .
al lami told the associated press that the former baath party members included university professors , officers in the disbanded iraqi army , former policemen and teachers .
the privately owned chateau near the village of maincy is shielded from prying eyes by miles of high stone walls .
they are making every effort to make arrangements for the deceased , his family and the injured crew members , the statement said .
youth leaders backed the campaign , adding that the mosquito fails to address the root problems of anti social behavior among youths and may even push teenagers to congregate in unsafe areas .
full power television stations will turn off their analog signal on february , , after which they will broadcast in digital only .
percent , national australia bank and commonwealth bank both put on nearly percent .
the announcement comes two weeks after microsoft abruptly stopped its pursuit of yahoo , withdrawing a sweetened billion offer , saying it would not make a hostile bid for the internet company .
we can t hold back the hour economy .
a palestinian source said two airstrikes occurred around midnight , the first targeting the home or office of mohammed al hindi , an islamic jihad leader , in western gaza city
calves and their mothers up to . feet three meters long
afghan president hamid karzai has previously ruled out any deal with the taliban after coming under harsh criticism for freeing five rebel prisoners in exchange for the release of an italian hostage in march .
bruce was a great friend and a great doctor from an outstanding family . he was gracious beyond words , and his death is a terrible loss for florida .
obama aides say clinton waivered on leaving the senate , but was swayed by obama s assurances that she could pick a staff and have direct access to him .
the people told authorities that they had been visiting new york city for a week . at some point , two of the three both men ran off .
by raising official prices , the government may want farmers to channel crops back through the public system , noland told the u . s . senate in testimony earlier this month .
according to the world tourism organization , to million pilgrims visit the world s key religious sites every year .
wimax is derived from the same technology as wi fi . unlike wi fi , which provides wireless internet access over a several hundred foot range , a wimax signal can blanket a much wider area .
in a forum arranged by broadcasters at the lexington hotel in yoido yesterday , lee dismissed the view that roh s policies tend to focus more on the redistribution of wealth than on economic growth .
kutaragi had already been relieved of day to day responsibilities as president last year but stayed on as its chief executive and chairman .
he lasted only one day in his home without power or heat .
there were some opinions that it would be desirable to delay the trip until june in order to avoid political misunderstandings , the statement said .
the influential former chairman of the senate armed services committee has called on president bush to start the process of bringing u . s . troops home from iraq in september .
two days before new hampshire s democratic primary , sen . barack obama has opened a double digit lead over sen . hillary clinton in that state , a new cnn wmur poll found sunday .
the other sketch , a close up rendering of the child s face , shows a fair skinned toddler with long blond hair .
but shortly after the government was handed over to iraqis , the death penalty was reinstated in august .
the mumbai stock exchange s share sensex tumbled , points , or . percent , to , points .
wambach notched six goals in the competition .
but the llaima volcano s eruptions were slowing by wednesday afternoon , so a larger evacuation did not appear necessary .
otherwise , the iphone g shows few cosmetic changes from the front same display size and resolution , and the single home button sits just below the screen .
police would also be given powers to close and seal premises suspected of being used for sexual exploitation , such as brothels , which the government said will prevent further exploitation and abuse from taking place .
jack kennedy oozed it , but so did hitler and charles manson .
nor will he relent on his calls for israel to dismantle its outposts in the west bank , he said .
the withdrawal is part of a plan announced in february by then prime minister tony blair , british embassy spokeswoman rosie tapper told cnn .
jordan then requested a vote for tuesday on a revised resolution .
but anyone can enjoy his views .
two major rivers the thames and the severn are well above their normal levels and may burst their banks , according to authorities .
the older the star is , maybe the greater the chance that it has produced something that s clever , seti spokesman dr seth shostak said .
new research shows touching something warm can make you feel and act more warmly toward others .
the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey , with some of its attacks launched from inside northern iraq .
the yard long bridge spanned the snow fed river in the surkhet district , about miles kilometers southwest of kathmandu .
yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s junta warned thursday that legal action would be taken against people who trade or hoard international aid as the cyclone s death toll soared above , .
miami , florida cnn cuba issued a tropical storm warning for parts of central and southeastern cuba in the camaguey and las tunas provinces as tropical storm noel approached the island at p . m . et .
but westerners are more accustomed to names that describe the ingredients and how they are cooked such as pot roast .
we actually lay out the parts , and begin the process of making sure that we have all of the aircraft .
you targeted them and killed them on purpose .
the decision came after consultations between iraqi officials and the iranian president , hosseini said in the telephone interview , which was played on state tv .
wayne rooney scored the goal that saw man manchester united crowned club world cup winners in yokohama with a victory over south american champions liga de quito of ecuador .
royal , a socialist , wants the world s leading powers to be stricter with iran over its nuclear program .
tensions could worsen thursday when opposition leader raila odinga plans a huge protest rally in nairobi .
the convention in ohio is under pressure to repent of its decision to ordain him , to ban future openly gay bishops and to end the blessing of same sex unions in church services .
the aviator was in sparks , nevada , northeast of reno , in august , preparing a jet racer to break the land speed record at bonneville flats in northwest utah .
vuitton said it was making donations to former vice president al gore s the climate project to fight global warming and green cross international , founded by gorbachev to promote sustained development .
airlines canceled more than flights at the new york area s three major airports , said steve coleman , a spokesman for the port authority of new york and new jersey .
samsung group chairman lee kun hee said tuesday that he will resign from the conglomerate to take full responsibility for the recent scandal that led him and nine other samsung executives to be indicted .
while state tourism officials are trying to increase tourism from japan , they are also turning to china and south korea .
and a man with no formal training , no license and no office practiced dentistry for nearly years in malaysia .
they write about stories a day .
abdullah , in an interview with cnn on tuesday , said the action occurred in the bas agha village area of zakho district in duhuk province .
more than , people were trapped under rubble , most of them , in mianyang city , about miles northeast of the epicenter , according to xinhua .
the bank of korea kept its benchmark interest rate frozen for a sixth consecutive month yesterday as the central bank s governor , park seung , softened his optimistic view of the economy .
the top u . s . diplomat on the north korean nuclear crisis , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , said yesterday the fate of six party talks was in doubt after a day of discussions in china , host of three rounds of inconclusive negotiations .
according to the mexican association of insurance institutions , the capital of mexico city is a favorite site for car thieves to work .
asian stocks jumped on thursday , as growing hopes the worst of the recent credit market storm may be past fueled appetite for riskier assets , hurting government bond prices and sending the yen down .
minority christian groups are upset over a newspaper cartoon of jesus holding a cigarette and what looks like a can of beer .
the chairs were empty .
yakima , washington cnn searchers found the remains of the last three of people killed in a plane crash in washington state , officials said tuesday .
thereafter , palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will meet every two weeks to follow up on the negotiations and offer assistance , the statement says .
this is the message being delivered to the or so ghanaians who have registered with the country s only international modeling agency , exopa .
but they said they still held out hope that our loved ones are still alive and are waiting to be rescued .
he is desperate to play but but we will take medical advice from the doctor .
president vladimir putin worked to reassure ceos from leading global companies about the security of foreign investment in russia at a closed door meeting on saturday evening , participants said .
france is back in europe . watch him refer in his victory speech to one france
the international olympic committee will choose the host city in .
presumably meaning biological and chemical agents .
the korea times reports the military called off a massive search operation for suspected infiltrators and investigators were shifting their focus to finding out who had crossed to north korea .
cincinnati , ohio cnn roger federer described his cincinnati masters victory on sunday as the perfect preparation for his bid to win a fourth consecutive u . s . open title .
a car bomb killed people and wounded at an outdoor market in balad ruz sunday , according to a diyala province security official .
a newspaper linked to the pyongyang government said sunday that the u . s . had agreed at those talks to lift restrictions on a macau bank where the north s government had accounts within days the issue that deadlocked the last round of nuclear talks .
in another development on tuesday , the all england club said it would adopt hawkeye technology for the first time .
there was no mention of money being paid , but it is thought that a ransom may have been part of the deal , according to the bbc s alastair leithead in kabul .
teens on myspace mention sex , violence
parr s housemate charley admits to losing her temper easily and includes racism among her dislikes .
the doug fir is the place to check out portland s quirky local music scene and see local bands like the dimes or southerly .
the attack was condemned by the afghan president , the white house and the un .
however , proving such claims in court is expected to be difficult .
i feel that every day i am getting better and better . i am really working on my game , i want to reach my full potential , jankovic said .
by carefully manipulating the statistics , the bush petraeus report will try to persuade us that violence in iraq is decreasing and thus the surge is working , said the senate s no . democrat , addressing a washington think tank last week .
the organization said it initially requested documents related to the planning sessions in and received them last month .
the suspension will last for three months , according to bambang ervan , a spokesman for indonesia s air transport directorate .
the successful launch made south korea the th country to send a person into space and second from asia .
in a separate case , two men and a woman are accused of handing over us defense department documents about taiwan .
the california supreme court hears arguments in san francisco today on the constitutionality of the state s voter approved ban on gay marriage .
speaking from the provincial capital , goma , another u . n . official , andrew zadel , said , displaced people had fled to the nearby village of nyanzale and , others were receiving aid from the red cross at kikuku .
of the main candidates , sarkozy , a former interior minister , promised a rupture with the past and real economic reform , while royal has pledged a fairer society .
u . s . defense secretary robert gates was arriving in seoul from china for the previously planned discussions on the u . s . south korea alliance .
a judge at the court in the capital in harare said he would first consider an argument by the zimbabwean electoral commission zec that his court did not have jurisdiction .
the u . n . security council has unanimously condemned the zimbabwean government because of violence that has marred the campaign leading up to a scheduled presidential election runoff , which forced the withdrawal of the opposition candidate from the race .
a bare majority of obama s voters said they would vote for clinton over mccain .
in march , a female suicide bomber , apparently targeting shiite worshippers just before evening prayer services on a busy street , killed dozens in karbala .
things are changing , changing , changing , and i look for more change now that it s the first black president in victory of faith over fear , she says . don t you know , that s quite something to be proud of .
many have been charged under anti terrorism statutes .
iranian television on wednesday displayed some of the british sailors and marines held at sea last week , with the only woman crew member saying they had trespassed into iranian waters .
the , job cuts come on top of the , announced at the end of last year .
militants forced their way into the state run hotel in the swat valley early thursday morning , ransacked it and set it on fire , said sardar rehim shahzad , district coordinator for swat police .
the incident took place during a performance of the local punk rock band rux , who were joined on stage by members of another punk band , couch .
foreign minister raphael tuju said the government is committed to taking control .
it was not clear how long the car , an opel omega with stolen license plates , had been parked on the lot , police said .
steve jones , chair of the university of tulsa s communications department , says worry is overblown
they have been identified as kim kyung ja and kim jina .
its new attractions could well succeed in pulling the crowds , economists say , particularly given macau s experience .
jon , the president s seeing congressional leaders today as he aims to prune out excess spending to gain republican votes .
other reports from the region said as many as people were killed or wounded in the blast , and the numbers were expected to rise .
strong earnings from u . s . companies such as drug maker schering plough corp . and online auctioneer ebay inc . helped support the u . s . stock indexes .
turkey s highest court halted a parliamentary vote tuesday that looked certain to install an islamist president .
japan has been engaged in a series of diplomatic rows after it authorized history textbooks glorifying its military aggression during world war ii .
the small plane disappeared sunday in a mountainous area of panama .
the islamist university lecturer ranked among hamas top five decision makers as the liaison between the group s military and political wing , the paper said .
prime minister wen jiabao said monday that electricity supply is gradually resuming and transport services are basically back to normal , and the country s production and life are in normal conditions , according to state run xinhua news agency .
seoul puts off tax cut despite oil price surge .
sledge taylor , , began farming years ago in como , mississippi .
on the other side , mccain s campaign says the meeting at the white house like yesterday evolved into a contentious shouting match and implied that obama was at fault .
we have people confirmed dead at this location , one person at another location .
karzai said kidnapping foreign guests was shameful , un islamic and against afghan culture .
the results of the presidential election have not been released .
kookmin bank is very interested in bidding for korea exchange bank once it is posted for sale again , the bank s chief executive , kang chung won said yesterday .
park , president of the international judo federation , received a three year suspended sentence and an billion won . million fine for embezzling doosan corporate funds .
london , england cnn british twins who had been separated at birth learned they were related only after they had become husband and wife , a senior british lawmaker said .
one of the more controversial proposals will probably be selling the saudis , for the first time , satellite guided bombs known as jdams .
the french open starts on sunday .
abdul mahdi will be part of a new interim government that formally takes over iraq s sovereignty from the united states june th .
gators beating undefeated , number one alabama in the scc title game .
don t go into a store demanding to negotiate .
according to maxim magazine , at least this month , she s the hottest woman in the world .
detailing the scheme , lugovoi explained those wishing to get political asylum should publish in russia certain articles of a political content , an anti russian content , criticizing the course of the russian government .
london , england cnn josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they can t refuse .
but there will be some sense of fashion involved .
she followed teddy to hong kong in and married him when she was .
february gasoline fell . cents to settle at . a gallon on the nymex , and february heating oil fell . cents to settle at . a gallon .
by the afternoon in europe , light , sweet crude for april delivery was unchanged from the previous day s close at . a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange .
the storm forced the cancellation of five major league baseball games sunday and gave runners in monday s boston marathon something to worry about besides heartbreak hill .
us democratic candidate john kerry accused george w . bush of encouraging terrorist recruitment with policies that have made the world angry at the united states , a criticism that bush dismissed as a ridiculous notion .
ichiro isn t the only star on the roster that would draw serious interest in trade discussions .
mccain says obama s tax plan will gut small business .
is the four legged equivalent of tugg the showboating actor , performing as a soldier in the asian jungle .
the system should be available late next year .
a year old student has killed himself after going on a shooting spree at his school in the us city of cleveland , ohio , the city s mayor has said .
the protesters , clad in black and waving signs , formed a long line of humanity as many as two dozen deep .
from the crew of apollo , we close with good night , good luck , a merry christmas , and god bless all of you , all of you on the good earth .
president roh moo hyun and the governing uri party seem to have already passed the point of no return after roh indicated he may withdraw from the party after the current national assembly session ends next month .
helmet hair has come in handy at work .
the two just couldn t be closer
the decision however , is not one made by the military itself and is subject to change as democrats are expected to take over the executive branch of the united states in the elections .
several thousand town councilors and other officials in the basque region have bodyguards due to threats from eta , which is blamed for more than deaths in its long fight for basque independence . many of the bodyguards are police officers
the new york post called monday night s show an orgy of self indulgence and described beckham as vapid and condescending .
south korea s consumer prices have risen rapidly over the last few years , narrowing the gap with those of the united states .
sharif also said he retained the option of boycotting the elections .
the coach , biranchi das , has been accused by the boy s mother of torturing budhia singh .
ahtisaari and his group , crisis management initiative , also contributed to resolving other conflicts in northern ireland , central asia , and the horn of africa , the committee said .
prosecutors can appeal the acquittal within the next ten days .
it will come back and you ll make more money than in the bank .
he called on president musharraf to resign , saying free and fair elections were not possible under his rule .
two strong earthquakes that struck eastern indonesia overnight killed at least one person and injured other people , a senior health ministry official said monday .
american and french troops policed the streets near the palace after the shooting .
the obama campaign said clinton should immediately release her return , pointing to her decision to lend her campaign million earlier this year .
newcastle began brightly and nearly took the lead in the th minute when defender abdoulaye faye thumped a header against the post from charles n zogbia s corner .
lucas , , already has another television series in the works .
the fighting occurred more than miles northwest of the sangin district center in helmand province when militants ambushed afghan national auxiliary police officers and coalition advisers on a combat patrol , the coalition said .
as a result , a suspended sentence is likely say analysts .
in accepting the award , krugman sounded a note of concern .
chaudhry was removed from office on march by president pervez musharraf , who accused chaudhry of misusing his powers .
high turnout was reported in the northern part of the state and in richmond and charlottesville , according to virginia board of elections spokeswoman susan pollard .
knoxville , tennessee cnn a comet that unexpectedly brightened in the last couple of weeks and is now visible to the naked eye is attracting professional and amateur interest .
however , each participant had elevated levels of high sensitivity c reactive protein or hs crp
iran s nuclear work is almost at its peak , president mahmoud ahmadinejad said on thursday while the head of the u . n . s atomic watchdog said iran was probably at least three years from making a nuclear bomb if it so chooses .
the small company , based in union , was ordered by the national highway traffic safety administration in june to recall as many as , tires that it bought from hangzhou zhongce rubber co . since .
roads were inaccessible and there was heavy damage to infrastructure , including phones and electricity , said martin blackgrove , the international red cross regional disaster management coordinator for the pacific , based in fiji .
fellow parliamentarian walid jumblatt , head of lebanon s progressive socialist party , called the killing a bloody message , as it comes ahead of elections and will reduce the parliamentary majority from to , preventing them from electing a free president for lebanon .
paying for delivery vehicles to cover , miles nightly , he said , did not make economic sense at a time when percent of readers have broadband internet access .
and russia threatened to target weapons at europe if us plans for a missile defense shield should go ahead .
the move came as some opposition legislators began pushing for a recall of the president a constitutional procedure that requires a two thirds legislative majority and the support of at least half of taiwan s electorate in a referendum .
fed chief sees crisis heading into
four others , including a young mother and her toddler , were killed when their house collapsed .
with about percent of democratic precincts reporting , clinton had percent of the vote .
secretary of state condoleezza rice opened an intense round of mideast shuttle diplomacy sunday , struggling to bring israelis and palestinians close enough to make a planned u . s . hosted peace conference worthwhile .
he fair trade commission said it asked the prosecution to start a criminal investigation into two multilevel marketing firms preying on college students .
penalties range from a verbal warning for the first violation to a fine of up to for five infractions .
while beating back calls from some of her opponent s supporters to step down , clinton has taken to lashing out at the bush administration s oil policy .
nearly , homes were without drinking water monday after the worst floodwaters in years swamped large areas of western england .
the summit comes amid an improvement in north korea s ties with the outside world , and has been warmly welcomed by the international community .
seven other nations , including china , vietnam and thailand , are expected to sign similar agreements .
or it could be vomit , caused by kids taking in more than they can hold , in which case you should consult your doctor .
published ahead of a three day food summit to be held in rome in early june , as the organisation steps up its campaign to eradicate world hunger .
the victim , a year old from lakeland , florida , was hospitalized , and still has blurred vision , hearing loss , and a swollen face , her mother told cnn on wednesday .
in the video , one man raises his hands above his head , and is beaten with sticks by myanmar security personnel .
she was originally cited for hit and run and driving without a license , but the hit and run charge was dropped .
springsteen backed sen . john kerry s unsuccessful presidential bid .
taiwan s central weather bureau measured the quake at . in magnitude , centered near hualien in the eastern part of the island .
the killing has ignited a debate in canada about the conflict between first and second generation immigrants who struggle to maintain traditional muslim values and their children s desire to fit into western culture .
north korea has repeatedly said it would view sanctions as an act of war .
we re partying tonight . impromptu performances by rappers like t . i . and nelly and singers like robin thicke soon followed .
at least us troops have died in fighting this month the highest monthly toll since november .
lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party planned his campaign tour at daejeon and its surrounding chungcheong provinces amid strong indications in the polls that he will comfortably win the election .
tens of thousands of people had gone to the stadium for the first anniversary recording of a popular tv gameshow .
she brought in pages of color photos of various skin lesions , trying to figure out which one looked most like hers .
the court sentenced year old min gyeong woo to three and a half years in prison .
mudslides kept cleanup crews busy in parts of the peloponnese , while rising waters in the alphios river threatened area villages .
manchester united midfielder paul scholes is to have an exploratory knee operation that will rule him out of the start of next season , the club said on monday .
they are pressing the italian government to seek the extradition of the u . s . agents .
this material may not be published .
twenty others people were killed in pre election violence .
on sunday , he urged his congregation and the university to put the pain of the rampage behind them by returning to classes monday .
the cabinet voted to back olmert s boycott , dashing hopes that the palestinians and israelis will sit down for the peace talks that the formation of a unity government was supposed to help facilitate .
high school students from seoul and gyeonggi are being investigated by education authorities on suspicion of buying sex while on field trips to china .
the five member band is the latest in a long line of pop acts to bury past differences and reform , hoping for success where many others have failed .
wolfowitz will leave the post at the end of june .
one day , people will look back at this moment in history and say , thank god there were courageous people willing to serve , because they laid the foundations for peace for generations to come , bush told reporters after a meeting at the state department .
the deceased were immediately taken to two nearby hospitals , and the injured were given emergency treatment in other hospitals in the city .
the two toured jordan over the weekend and spent the christmas holiday together in egypt .
however , it is highly probable that yongi kongju will host the new administrative capital as the gap with the runner up is wide .
the marine mammal center again picked him up and released him in the farallons , miles from san francisco .
australian shares plunged by almost percent when markets opened monday , responding to large falls on wall street last week and rising fears about a recession in the united states .
loevold said of those injured in the accident late on wednesday were believed to be british and the other a russian crew member , who was among those seriously hurt .
critics see the emergency as an attempt by musharraf who seized power in a coup and promised to restore democracy to strengthen his grip over the nuclear armed country amid calls for him to quit as army chief .
also on tuesday , las vegas police released surveillance camera photos of two men they said were unidentified suspects in the incident .
the european union fined microsoft corp . a record . billion on wednesday for charging rivals too much for software information .
but the u . s . state department reported more hits to its federal voting assistance web site than in , and noted that many americans were turning up at voting events
this season , the reality show reunited hilton , , and richie , , as drama camp counselors after they feuded and filmed their parts separately for the previous season .
the farmers said they would go on strike for eight days until may .
the sundance film festival on tuesday named dozens of films featuring stars from sandra bullock to pierce brosnan that will premiere in january at what has become the leading u . s . showplace for independent movies .
mobile phone maker sony ericsson , owned by sony corp . and ericsson , said it depends mostly on batteries from sony and does not use matsushita batteries .
at the time of this incident , i complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions .
bishoftu , ethiopia cnn ethiopian farmer fekadu asfaw stood defiantly before an angry veterinarian , having just beaten his four severely malnourished donkeys .
in a second , apparently unrelated battle , police killed six alleged gang members in a west side slum .
it s not an issue for either me or the club . he has a signed contract and he s not going to go before the end of the season , said capello .
he went on israel supports the tightening of the economic sanctions on iran and its continued isolation until it fulfills the recommendations of the security council and suspends all activities to enrich uranium .
china is preparing five virus samples to share with who , but it is unknown when they will actually be sent , according to who .
now might have new meaning .
the entire span of the interstate w bridge collapsed about p . m .
under the new program , known as electronic system for travel authorization , or esta , travelers will complete an electronic version of the form before traveling .
the pakistani army says it has found bodies inside a mosque compound in islamabad , after fierce battles between soldiers and gunmen inside .
the bill allows taps on foreign phone and internet communications routed via the us , without prior court approval .
i asked that the aig payments be stopped , but was informed that they were mandated by contracts agreed to before the government s intervention .
in making room in the budget for the baby , the smiths each also gave up their cell phones and cable tv .
major news outlets had agreed to keep the information secret for security reasons , but a web site broke the news blackout thursday .
their daughter maureen died in august after a battle with cancer .
i don t think it s the end of the world .
alex tamba teh , a soft spoken pastor and teacher , recounted watching young boys methodically hack off the hands and feet of another teenager , hearing the terrorized screams of women being raped , stepping over corpses too many to count and being forced to help unload weapons for sierra leone rebels from a liberian helicopter .
and it s becoming standard weekend viewing now for political junkies
as many as one in eight teens in the united states may take a virginity pledge at some point , vowing to wait until they re married before having sex .
north korean officials , however , refused that demand .
at one point , the line of police took several steps backwards as the crowd of onlookers and protesters shouted .
but beyond the not so cheap shots , the robot has a lot to offer .
officials said tuesday morning that a search of the wreckage had turned up no fatalities .
auction company head robert friedman says he feels for homeowners , but if they re in over their heads
police first used tear gas and water cannon to disperse the protesters armed with machetes , but later fired into the crowd as they threatened security officers and other people , said lt . col . eddy purwatmo , local police chief .
no street follows a straight line for long and it s a challenge to keep a sense of direction .
the two companies have been in charge of investments and asset managements for lone star .
the year old , who survived the attack , is in fair condition at a los angeles hospital .
new york cnn what s gonna happen wednesday night ?
the eight were moved to a u . s . military base in ghazni and will return home as soon as possible after undergoing a physical check up .
canadians have been concerned about the human toll in afghanistan .
clinton has , delegates , with , pledged delegates and superdelegates .
the third baseman was in miami , where his wife gave birth to their second daughter monday night .
you have australia , you have new zealand , there s even a thailand , naik said . i don t think that should matter in how people vote .
the money collected over years would provide tax breaks for wind , solar and other alternative energy sources and for energy conservation .
german chancellor angela merkel urged nato and the european union to work together in afghanistan , saying this was crucial for success of efforts to defeat taliban guerrillas and bring stability to the nation .
we were flabbergasted by what we saw .
people who voted a month ago didn t know who the republican nominee was going to be . they didn t perhaps factor in that it will be about national security because , indeed , with senator mccain , that s what it will be about , clinton told cnn wednesday .
other women s seeds in action included number eight dinara safina of russia and ninth seeded shahar peer of israel .
both of those come back at once .
gamba will also call on their brazilian strikers roni who represented brazil at a confederations cup and lucas who played in his nation s olympic team to add some experience and try to create pressure on goal .
among obama s strongest backers during the election , they now say they don t have enough seats at the table .
the runners , including celebrities , athletes and political figures , carried the torch about yards each .
london , england cnn camilla , the wife of britain s prince charles , says she will not attend the memorial service marking the th anniversary of princess diana s death this week .
berry won the best actress oscar for s monster s ball .
we will return soon .
first lieutenant oh , serving with the zaytun unit on a peace and reconstruction mission in irbil , a city in northern iraq , was found shot dead inside the unit s base saturday , the joint chiefs of staff jcs in seoul announced .
our dog tilly loves the holiday season .
nearly every south korean president has been reviled at the end of his term , said donald p . gregg , a former u . s . ambassador and former cia station chief .
earlier this month , the eu commission proposed a new million package for afghanistan to focus on health , justice and rural development over the next four years .
since then , parents kate and gerry mccann have launched an international campaign with the aid of celebrities such as soccer star david beckham and j . k . rowling , author of the harry potter series , in the hope of finding the girl .
on friday , after hours underground , the two finally saw light .
instead , he brought them to the house in gurgaon , they said . the surgery has been done professionally , there s no doubt , by someone who is qualified and seems to know his job , said sanjay narula , a surgeon who is caring for the victims now .
the minister also urged the north to implement the long delayed feb .
north korea s foreign ministry announced late yesterday evening that the six party talks , initially scheduled to resume this week , could resume in the week of sept .
this time , insurgents had plenty of time to booby trap the town with improvised explosive devices and to post snipers throughout the city .
federer paid for his errors , having made unforced mistakes to two by nadal by the end of the second set .
it says the new jobs will be needed to help reduce unemployment around the world by half .
under the order , most iranians will be limited to about u . s . gallons liters per month .
some claim it was composed by a german and given as a gift to king carlos iii in , while others believe the tune was originally french and reset for military orchestras in the late s .
hawass said scientists began restoring king tut s badly damaged mummy more than two years ago after it was removed briefly from its sarcophagus and placed into a ct scanner for the first time for further examination .
glasow has also worked with a number of actors .
so far , people have become sickened in states and nine have become ill in canada after eating the cantaloupes .
ban said he had canceled his visit , that a trip by president roh moo hyun to japan in december was also likely to be scrapped and that the president would not meet koizumi one on one at next month s leaders meeting of the asia pacific economic cooperation group in pusan .
is this just a new twist on an old paranoid or grandiose delusion . . . or is there sort of a perfect storm of the culture we re in , in which fame holds such high value ? said dr . joel gold , a psychiatrist affiliated with new york s bellevue hospital .
if north korea makes good on its promise to disable a nuclear reactor , korean peninsula peace talks could be under way by the end of the year , said u . s . envoy to north korea christopher hill .
it cited research that suggests smokers are more likely to remember the damage they are doing to their health if they have seen a picture of it .
many people in hong kong have been demanding the right to democratically elect a successor to their chief executive , tung chee hwa , a former shipping tycoon chosen for his position by an member committee that tends to side with beijing .
the chapter authority is important to make the measures for sanctions legally binding on all u . n . member states without any exception , he said .
it also upheld a million fine the largest ever levied by eu regulators .
the move marks the first time the united states has attempted to punish another country s military through sanctions .
some , fishing vessels in the two provinces were ordered back to port and trips by ferries and sightseeing boats were canceled , the agency said .
featuring working class citizens in intense poverty , the article accused the president of ignoring what the electorate needed for the most , focusing only on politics .
life has forced shada to tap into a physical and emotional strength she did not know she possessed .
soldiers in the philippines have clashed with suspected islamic militants on the southern island of jolo , according to the military .
i can t believe they re proposing a rule where they want to charge you the same amount and in return you re virtually guaranteed to get worse service .
after the recall , lee der maintained that its paint supplier , cheung s best friend , supplied fake paint used in the toys , the southern metropolis daily said .
the ruling , due at p . m . on thursday , is to come after a group of six people involved in lee s suspected financial irregularities filed a petition last month to seek an injunction against the controversial law , claiming many clauses of the law , including unwarranted summons of individuals , are unconstitutional .
a review of studies involving more than , people found no convincing evidence that the vitamins prolonged life , the press association reported .
south korea established its first ever permanent joint governmental office for economic cooperation in the north s border town of gaeseong .
administration is wary of negotiating with north korean leader kim jong il , with top bush advisers divided internally on whether to pursue a policy of containment or increased dialogue .
although mbeki in charge since can stay on as president until his term finishes in , analysts say it would be difficult for him to do so if he lost the backing of his party .
officials were still waiting for toxicology results , but burke confirmed that some witnesses said bell may have been smoking something and laughing as she drove through the crowd .
if we leave , iraq s neighbors on all sides will face a refugee crisis and be drawn into the war .
temperatures are expected to rise all the way up to below up in northern minnesota today .
with her bright brown eyes and adorable , small town girl smile , jamie lynn has charmed millions of young viewers for the past three years , as the star of zoey .
in addition to making the yellow cab brigade entirely green within five years , the city will require all new vehicles entering the fleet after october to achieve a minimum of miles per gallon kilometers per liter .
there seems to be a misunderstanding of the plan , lee said .
the people on board included one american , five britons , one swiss , one swede , six chinese , and indians .
everyone s shocked , said leonora marino , owner of bodegon marino in valencia , venezuela , west of caracas .
rome s police headquarters said the barracks was under attack but did not give details .
an older farmer may be working the land or growing livestock the same way he s done it for years .
ac milan , whose participation in the champions league was in serious doubt at the beginning of the season , could finish the campaign as european cup winners for the seventh time on wednesday .
world leaders are weighing in this morning on the obama election
moreover , percent of americans are ready to withdraw at least some troops from iraq .
houston , texas cnn the international space station s toilet trouble appeared to be taken care of wednesday after a russian cosmonaut replaced a malfunctioning pump .
earlier talks ended on november , just before the union walked out on strike .
ap reported wednesday that north korea accused the u . s . of defending israel s recent air strike against syria , calling the strike a grave crime that undermines regional peace and stability . president george w . bush tuesday described north korea as one of the brutal regimes that oppresses its own people and urged the u . s .
both were tended to at bangkok s siriraj hospital .
afghanistan s legal system is built on islamic sharia law , and rahman could have faced execution if he had refused to renounce christianity .
the plot was uncovered saturday , when troopers in the salaheddin province found detonating wire across the street from the school .
in september , an audio message purportedly from bin laden urged jihad against pakistani president pervez musharraf . that message titled come to jihad
sharapova went with three titles in , earning nearly million in tour prize money .
the founders say there are only a handful of others like it in the country .
in japan issued an official apology for the suffering of comfort women , acknowledging its involvement managing the brothels .
this student from george mason university in virginia says he s worried about money
shallow trenches excavated by the lander s backhoe like robotic arm have turned up specks and at times even stripes of mysterious white material mixed in with the clumpy , reddish dirt .
the paper said , without naming sources , dubai government owned difc had appointed hsbc to advise it on the potential counterbid .
cambodian authorities have arrested two leading figures from the notorious s khmer rouge regime and charged them with crimes against humanity .
turkey said tuesday it had begun preparations for a military operation into iraq to chase separatist kurdish rebels who have launched deadly attacks on soldiers in recent days .
but joop houtkooper of the university of giessen , germany , said on friday the spacecraft may in fact have found signs of a weird life form based on hydrogen peroxide on the subfreezing , arid martian surface .
they also referred to attacks by al qaeda and affiliated groups that have killed scores of civilians in muslim nations , such as algeria , iraq and morocco .
seven of the eight people arrested are doctors or medical students and the other is a laboratory technician .
clouded leopards from the mainland have fewer and fainter markings within large clouds on their skin .
the official search is over for two nfl players and a third man left adrift in chilly waters off the gulf coast of florida , when their boat capsized over the weekend , but family members are hoping private boaters will pick up where the coast guard left off
officials fear more trouble from tropical storm peipah , which is expected to hit vietnam friday .
the taliban will never negotiate with the afghan government in the presence of foreign forces , ahmadi told the associated press . even if karzai gives up his presidency , it s not possible that mullah omar would agree to negotiations .
chun and roh were sentenced to death and life imprisonment respectively for their violent suppression of the historic democratization movement in gwangju , south jeolla province .
as new studies continue to showcase vitamin d s potential benefits , more scientists are calling for increased recommendations .
one of the reasons for this strong hesitancy to western medicine is concern about side effects , she said .
the key , kader says , is getting the audience on board .
a gas explosion in an inner mongolian mine that was operating illegally killed seven people on saturday , as officials began handing compensation to families of miners trapped and presumed dead after a flood last week in eastern china .
and it s unclear whether the contestants are a medical match with the terminally ill woman , and whether the winner would be capable of receiving her kidney .
in what had been a very peaceful decade and a half , suddenly there was a lot of pain in the organization , bon jovi said .
tiny bands of early humans , forced apart by harsh environmental conditions , coming back from the brink to reunite and populate the world . truly an epic drama , written in our dna .
in april , more than a third of the u . s . internet audience visited sites that fit into the online adult category , according to comscore media metrix .
oily fish such as anchovies , mackerel and salmon have the most omega s .
previous highs include . meters in and . meters in , the news agency said .
online fraud losses for were times as high as fraud losses resulting from off line sales .
restraining order in august against gregorio frayre rodriguez , who was believed to be the father of the infant and some of the other children , after an attack on estrada .
imagine a world without zero
president bush vetoed a war spending bill with a similar withdrawal date in may and has threatened to spike any new effort to set a timetable for a u . s . pullout .
lohan was charged earlier in the day with seven misdemeanors stemming from two drunken driving arrests in the last four months .
silva said he would continue to work as a paparazzo despite the jury s decision .
the central government still waits for the th dalai lama to give up his independence demand and end his exile life and return home , xinhua quoted the article in china s tibet magazine as saying .
i don t want to be the pretty girl .
beijing is expecting about , foreigners to attend the august games .
united nations cnn the situation for children caught in conflict remains grave and entirely unacceptable because groups in countries still recruit and use child soldiers , according to a senior u . n . official .
the player is on a long term contract and his registration is held by manchester united the player is not for sale .
two teenage sisters , one of whom suffered serious burns , were among the victims .
their publication in denmark led arab nations to protest .
previously , the kdi and other non political think tanks projected an annual growth rate for at . percent .
torre turned down a million , one year contract thursday that still would have made him the highest paid manager in baseball .
the resort also features a replica of venice s st . mark s square .
that session ended tuesday without a resolution .
i looked at my wife as we were watching tv and seeing the debates and saying , we need to have our voice heard this time .
iran s nuclear program dominated the list of international concerns .
the steelers captured their record th super bowl title with a squeaker of a victory over the cardinals .
still , foreign firms are keen to get a foothold in the market as interest grows in eastern philosophies and treatments .
the conference kicks off where the first congress finished five years ago in stockholm , sweden , and with child pornography , trafficking and prostitution on the increase the task has become no easier .
violence flares at greek teen s funeral
the white house said goodling s decision shows how political the investigation has become .
the author now divides his time between albuquerque , new mexico
the embattled president saw his approval ratings jump by nearly percent to about percent after his administration successfully clinched a free trade agreement with the united states early this month .
nur otan will control seats in the seat parliament .
so they issued their complaint in roof sealant and foot tall letters about two weeks ago .
it s an idea that has been floated by her or a campaign surrogate nearly half a dozen times this month .
nepalese folklore holds that men who marry a former kumari will die young , and so many girls remain unmarried and face a life of hardship .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has made a rare warning to israel not to do anything that might erode confidence in the peace process .
at mm , we were as shocked and dismayed by this as anyone , it said .
she regularly attended her son s concerts , and was at his performance at the mtv video music awards in september .
the systems aren t flawless , but they do help fans monitor runners via a web site , a cell phone text message or e mail .
u . s . officials have floated the possibility of unilateral military strikes in the tribal regions , a possibility that pakistan once again strongly rejected .
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
the dow also hit an intraday record high of , . during the session before retreating near the close .
the draft calls for the opening of corridors to allow humanitarian aid into gaza , where food , water , electricity and medicine shortages have worsened already poor conditions since israel s offensive in gaza began .
after talks with former u . s . president jimmy carter , hamas exiled leader khalid meshaal said monday the militant group has no plans to recognize israel .
results for of assembly seats showed the democratic unionist party , led by protestant hard liner ian paisley , had captured seats , compared to for sinn fein , the political wing of the irish republican army , according to results from britain s press association news agency .
tangjiashan lake was created when a landslide caused by the earthquake dammed jianjiang river , threatening quake hit communities downstream .
the sell off wiped out nearly half the gain in yahoo s stock price since microsoft made its initial offer on january in an effort to challenge online advertising and search leader google .
the u . s . embassy in baku issued a warden message warning americans in azerbaijan to take precautions .
the u . s . military also destroyed a vehicle loaded with mortar launchers parked in northeastern baghdad s qahira neighborhood , minutes after five mortar rounds landed on a joint iraqi american security station sunday morning , the official said . there was no word on casualties .
fred goldman alleges simpson is trying to avoid paying the . million judgment , which has ballooned to about million with interest .
it definitely was lower than previous memorial day weekends , said tom kloza , publisher and chief oil analyst at the oil price information service in wall , n . j .
both had been detained for their alleged roles in past coup plots .
then his sport utility vehicle abruptly crossed the center line . christopher veered off the road to miss an oncoming car and crashed down a hill .
a little bit more babies .
kaindi said the accident was still under investigation .
that s according to an online poll of more than readers that i ran last week , http www . elliott . org archives poll the summer . php , and a bigger survey of travelers released at the end of august by insurance company access america .
scores of underage nigerians , mainly girls , may have been trafficked .
constructed from steel trusses connected to circular node platforms , the weathered steel chosen for the project already blends beautifully with the natural environment .
but what about the nastiest comments of all those about her body ?
local party leader afrasiab khattak was addressing the rally at the time but told dawn television he was unhurt .
i m not afraid of touching shoulders with other riders and fighting for a place on a wheel . i like the fear and thrills of sprinting .
he has served just one term as senator .
you may get a letter from a company saying you have unclaimed money or property , and for a fee , you ll be able to reclaim it .
wayne rooney had given england the lead on the half hour with a spectacular volley , following a flick on from michael owen , for his second goal in five days for his country .
eighteen eggs cost . .
nadal broke federer in the opening game of the match , and needed only minutes to wrap up the first set .
using data from more than , people in twin studies and sibling studies , in collaboration with the netherlands twin register , cacioppo and colleagues found strong evidence that genetics accounts for about half of the differences in loneliness among people in the study .
a collision between the kaiko maru and the farley mowat , operated by the sea shepherd conservation society , saw the japanese vessel damage its propeller , with some reports suggesting it may have to return to port .
in , insurgents in iraq kidnapped and killed two algerian diplomats .
hydrogen sulfide gas is colorless and characterized by an odor similar to that of rotten eggs .
we had a good conversation , he said . we re looking forward to seeing each other tomorrow and campaigning on friday .
aramark did not release the names of the injured workers .
engineers at the goddard space flight center in maryland have hit two new snags in their effort to repair the hubble space telescope after a major equipment failure in space last month .
the united states and other governments have ordered recalls or imposed controls in recent weeks on chinese imports of tires , toothpaste , seafood and other goods after finding safety flaws or toxic contamination .
i think we re closer to the end of this than to the beginning .
the singer died tuesday morning in a los angeles hospital while awaiting a lung transplant , said goulet spokesman norm johnson .
negotiators had hoped that the talks would concrete steps by north korea to dismantle its nuclear programs in more than three years of negotiations and especially since pyongyang s successful nuclear test in october .
that apparently means new hampshire governor john lynch , a democrat , has agreed to appoint a non democrat to serve out the remaining two years of republican gregg s term .
china s burgeoning economy allows a relatively freer flow of information .
but that could soon change .
if the plan catches on , it s hoped up to a trillion dollars worth of toxic paper can be swept off the balance sheets of america s struggling banks .
another protest ship collided with a japanese whale spotting ship on monday .
roberts voiced the wise spider in the film adaptation of charlotte s web . she ll next be seen in the drama charlie wilson s war , directed by mike nichols , which is scheduled for release later this year .
ahmadinejad said this week s u . s . national intelligence estimate saying iran had stopped nuclear weapons work in was vindication . the report said clearly that the iranian
on a personal level i had as one of my goals to become no . during this year and competing at so many events might have harmed , especially at the end of the season , my physical condition , taking away the freshness needed to play at the top level of the game in these last events , nadal said .
alan greenspan , who chaired the reserve from through , also added thursday that whatever regulatory changes are made to respond to the crisis , they will pale in comparison to the change already evident in today s markets .
but japan s storied skill at tweaking existing inventions to optimize performance and cut costs proved irrelevant .
earlier pakistan s supreme court dismissed a legal challenge to pervez musharraf s re election as president .
for centuries , the area sat astride an important trade route for tea and horses that ran along western china between central asia and southeastern asia .
i cannot confirm or deny the report , embassy spokesman liu weimin said , explaining that ying had been assigned to accompany a chinese delegation on its visit to london .
but they also need to convince them that u . s . forces aren t leaving anytime soon .
the maker of crestor , astrazeneca , funded the study .
chung dong young told a south korean internet site that pyongyang should be allowed a peaceful nuclear program .
the government has demanded that fatah islam surrender , but the militants have vowed to fight to death .
the ap s jason strasuso reports more than others have been hurt .
we need freedom , food , water , electricity and jobs , said mohamed ba , sitting outside a wooden kiosk in downtown freetown , radio in hand . but i don t trust the politicians .
all kenyans are invited to uhuru park , a statement on odinga s campaign web site said , and some party officials said at least a
many tibetans feel loyal to the exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , whom china considers a separatist threat .
they even found a former drug addict and felon turned outfielder , ron leflore , in a michigan state prison .
ega musa , spokesman for the panel of eminent african personalities on the national dialogue of reconciliation chaired by annan , said annan will release the text of the agreement that was signed by both parties . the talks will resume on monday morning , ega musa said .
the taliban is thought to be trafficking in drugs to finance insurgent activities .
lillo brancato jr . , an actor who appeared in the sopranos , was acquitted of the killing an off duty new york city police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary .
he became a hit with american tv viewers with appearances on the ed sullivan show and other programs .
obama even announced sen . joe biden as his choice for vice president in a text message to supporters .
but dick raymond , the undersecretary of agriculture for food safety , said there was a remote probability that the meat from the hallmark westland meat packing company in chino , california , could cause illness in humans .
rachel smith , a journalism graduate from tennessee , was crowned miss usa , edging out other aspiring beauty queens in a contest to replace a titleholder whose reign was nearly marred by a scandal .
a four lane interstate bridge spanning the mississippi river collapsed during evening rush hour wednesday , sending vehicles and tons of concrete crashing into the water .
a friend of hers , designer kenneth cole , is still trying to sort it out
hu used the internet to publicize his criticism of the chinese system and the activities of other dissidents . he was sentenced to three and a half years in jail .
the encounter was rare because suu kyi is under house arrest and has been barred by the government from meeting with foreigners .
madoff s lawyers had indicated earlier they planned to claim ruth madoff was entitled to keep as much as million in assets .
the gnp lawmakers described the passage as political terrorism , calling for more solid ballots from conservatives on election day , tomorrow .
then he made an odd suggestion
the diplomats left around a . m . thursday , said kim ho nyeon , spokesman for the south korean unification ministry .
this will be made clear at the end of the film on transmission and should have been made clear earlier .
the exchange comes after the south complained earlier this week over north korean comments threatening to turn the country into ashes .
at least one person has been killed and some , people evacuated as the fires spread , fanned by fierce winds .
rebels abandoned tawilla on wednesday after two days of heavy fighting that followed several weeks of skirmishing between arab militias and african rebels .
another bigger than expected jump in new jobless claims last week .
the film s quirky silent scenes portraying , amongst others , two londoners fighting over a pint of milk , amused festival goers and critics , and later the judges at the prestigious cannes festival .
she said officials had not yet contacted all the victims families , and that they were not yet releasing their names .
the number two choice has almost never made any difference at all .
men see themselves as having more years .
the total number of u . s . military deaths in iraq stands at , , including seven civilian contractors of the defense department .
for all species you have animals that die within the first year , she said .
even ronner , with his meticulous plan for dealing with the switch , doesn t seem too worried .
london , england cnn one of francis williams favorite stories to tell is about the time he was pulled over for speeding .
thirty eight people were hurt saturday night .
eric john , a deputy assistant secretary of state , met burma s ministers of foreign affairs , culture and information in the chinese capital , beijing .
doctors are testing the putty not just on backs but also on fractures of legs , arms and other bones .
i was wasting my time and my money , clinton recently said . but i trust the voters , and frankly that s who matters .
china threatens retaliation over tainted import claims .
sen . john mccain blasted the bush administration and all levels of government thursday for the failed response to hurricane katrina in new orleans .
if they were not women , we would have killed them on the spot .
in two visits to the area last fall , my husband and i returned to ithaca again and again for the terrific used bookstores , unusual crafts and vibrant ethnic restaurants .
on the contrary , some small and medium sized companies are facing the suspension of their plant operations due to a failure to secure enough workers .
sao paulo , brazil ap taunted by leftist president hugo chavez of venezuela , president bush on friday insisted the united states is not neglecting latin america and celebrated an alternative fuels pact with brazil as proof .
who unplugged the internet ?
knut , who now gets a special porridge of milk , meat , cod liver oil and vitamin supplements , will soon graduate to fish and solid meat .
south korea , however , has taken a cautious stance about a deal with china , according to trade officials .
teddy was abducted twice , the last time in , and he was never seen again .
the us and south korea have reached a free trade agreement after months of intensive talks .
by law , the national assembly submits the reports to the president , who then names cabinet members .
they are expected to be tried behind closed doors at rangoon s insein prison , where they have been held under emergency powers since the protests .
her mother , identified as kim , is also under a travel ban from thursday .
he is reduced to being a figurehead brought out by aides to try to show that at , he is still healthy and relevant .
she said the japanese government has to show its sincerity to resolve key issues such as comfort women , instead of pursuing military power .
the prime minister announced in september that he would leave office within a year .
but milind sarwate , chief financial
i told him when i saw him at the hotel that i accepted his apology , said thomas moore , who had pushed investigators to reopen the cold case
the head of the main opposition party , katsuya okada , said he would resign .
the sources said the two countries are close to reaching an agreement to establish two separate commands replacing the current combined forces command after south korea regains wartime operational control of its troops from the u . s . military .
shari springer berman co directed the big screen adaptation of the nanny diaries out august with her husband , robert pulcini .
it s not clear how many civilians have been killed or injured during the fighting at the nahr al bared camp .
students range in age from to and lessons are in the evenings .

the difference in annual government expenditures on health care is more canyon than gap , according to the report .
the explosion followed three months of increased activity in the crater , which has been releasing high levels of sulfur dioxide and carbon dioxide , said observatory geochemist jeff sutton .
health secretary kathleen sebelius assures americans the vaccine is still in the works
he lives in a solar powered house and drives a hybrid car .
a separate report released last month said climate change will harm china s ecology and economy in the coming decades , possibly causing large drops in agricultural output .
please keep praying for our family and that we get julian king back home safely , hudson said in a posting on her myspace page sunday .
and in london , americans could get free admission to madame tussaud s wax works to see the new figure of obama , and queen elizabeth ii has sent the new president a personal message of support .
supporting shia militants in iraq and terrorists in iraq , afghanistan , lebanon and the palestinian territories
baghdad has called for urgent negotiations over turkey s threat and has sent iraqi vice president tareq hashemi to ankara .
by placing me in the lead and madame royal in second position , voters clearly marked their wish to have a definitive debate on two ideas of the nation , two projects of society , two value systems , he said .
the seoul city government started demolishing the stadium last week in order to transform the area into a park and a fashion center by .
let s get more now , live from the white house and associated press correspondent mark smith
the soldiers are scheduled to be discharged from military service in february , and most of them had planned to return to college after they completed their service in iraq by the end of the year .
the blaze took hold in a waste disposal facility at the ohi power plant in fukui , km west of tokyo .
the return of the king
a local citizen walking on a beach in tyee spit located what appears to be human remains of a right foot in an approximate size black adidas running shoe , police said in a written statement .
just by finding de jesus , they say , they have achieved their purpose .
wia was then a relatively sound company with its annual net profit estimated at billion won .
asked whether he was disappointed that his rival for the democratic nomination , sen . hillary clinton , did not concede outright tuesday night , obama said his priority was unifying the party .
cameraman paul douglas and soundman james brolan died when a car bomb hit the us military unit they were accompanying in the iraqi capital .
light , sweet crude for may delivery rose to . a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange midmorning in singapore tuesday , surpassing the previous trading record of . , set last week . the may contract has since retreated to
created by cartoonist fujiko f . fujio , doraemon is a japanese cultural icon and is popular around the world , especially in asia .
the apparent tachycardia happened while the band was rehearsing for a performance at a casino in san jacinto , california , about miles km east of los angeles .
their passage from india began with a reality show , the million dollar arm competition , staged from mumbai to delhi .
the agency wants to ban all pictures and images in print ads for tobacco in any publication whose readership isn t at least over years of age .
rowling is suing rdr books to stop publication of steven vander ark s harry potter lexicon on the grounds that her copyrights are being violated .
in a keynote speech , unification minister lee jae joung offered to resolve the humanitarian issue of prisoners of war pows and abductees believed to be held by north korea .
to get a table , arrive before noon , or make a reservation months in advance .
in a reference to that issue , the pope cited the inalienable dignity and rights of each man , woman and child in our world including the most defenseless of all human beings , the unborn child in the mother s womb .
liverpool , who won the tournament in and lost in the final last year , advanced with a aggregate after winning at anfield in the first leg three weeks ago .
world number two nadal succumbed as he suffered the same fate as top ranked roger federer who surprisingly lost his match on monday in the round robin stage in shanghai .
republican george allen admitted defeat to his democratic opponent , james webb , in the close virginia senate race .
taiwan lost its bid for representation in the united nations for the th year wednesday , with no country objecting to the general assembly president s call to reject a request from the island s supporters to place the issue before the world body s member states .
fifth seed vaidisova , the youngest player in the draw at and a semifinalist at the australian open in january , has a big serve but when that started to let her down she had no other weapons to use against the belgian
even if the shuttle s heat shield is cleared for landing , the weather might not cooperate on thursday .
researchers studied the impact of smoke free ordinances implemented in pueblo , colorado , in july .
roth was to release the report in moscow .
during the mass , the pope said the church has worked to deal honestly and fairly with this tragic situation and to ensure that children are safe .
when i read the letters , i go back years
he holds major league records with victories and strikeouts in the postseason and won the cy young award .
fresh off their crossover success with a country remake of who says you can t go home with sugarland s jennifer nettles , which earned them the sole grammy of their year career , bon jovi is releasing the country influenced album lost highway on tuesday .
commercial flights to the french capital were sold out , while thousands of england supporters have booked to travel on the eurostar rail service from london to paris .
the sequence of those blocks spells out the hereditary information , just as strings of letters spell out sentences .
the fight did not appear to be gang related , police added , but it puts the number of violent teenage deaths in london at so far this year .
north korea continues to lay claims for the remains of the kidnapped japanese to be returned , while japan argues that pyongyang is hiding others .
jerusalem has been under intense international pressure to let goods pass , because of shortage of food , medicines and fuel . there are food shortages . . . .
professor hawking reached for the sky and touched the heavens today .
we don t embrace this out of some misguided enthusiasm or altruism , we embrace it because it makes good business sense and because it s the right thing to do , he said .
the ministry of health and welfare plans to help domestic hospitals attract foreign patients , known as health tourists .
family members said cameron s father , gary smith jr . , , had been deployed to iraq last august and last saw his three children on a brief leave in january .
relations between the united states and north korea chilled last year after u . s . president george w . bush branded north korea part of the axis of evil .
they witnessed picky , macho males carefully select a mate , then guard their newly domesticated digs so jealously they would occasionally use their to inch tentacles to strangle a romantic rival .
rakkiat wattapong , the supreme court secretary general , monday said thaksin would be detained when he arrives in thailand .
kang bong kyun , a member of the ruling uri party said the bok should consider the potential negative effects of the government s property measures that were unveiled aug .
the elections come two years after a peace accord in november ended the fighting .
tsering chungtak , , was allowed to participate in the preliminary rounds of the miss tourism contest for one week , but was later told by the organizers to either wear a sash labeled miss tibet china or quit , she told reporters after her return to the indian capital , new delhi .
smiling and exchanging pleasantries briefly on fox news sunday , the two apparently unaware they d appear together live between their separate interviews from different cities vowed that if selected for their parties nominations they would have a respectful debate focusing on serious differences .
murray s name will be familiar to motor racing enthusiasts .
dasang said he has heard of many people planning to protest in san francisco against china s human rights record .
during an appearance monday in nashua , new hampshire , he apologized again , telling reporters he meant to criticize the civilian leadership of the war , not those serving in the military .
in the museum , nauseating collections of photos show alleged u . s . war crimes including beheadings , skinnings and torchings .
when completed , the skyscraper will feature more than floors , elevators , luxury apartments , boutiques , swimming pools , spas , exclusive corporate suites , italian fashion designer giorgio armani s first hotel , and a th floor observation platform .
roughly half a million iraqis fled to jordan and more than , to syria , putting both countries among the nations with the highest refugee populations .
the atrocities committed by the u . s . side during the war were worse than those committed by the german soldiers in world war ii , said year old kim thae hwa , who commanded soldiers in north korea s last battle with the united states half a century ago . they dropped germ bombs that afflicted people for years .
five people are being held , but police are thought to be hunting a suspect .
he has been on trial since last december after three month investigations into his alleged connections with communist north korea .
davenport , and a mother since last june , said she had pulled out for personal reasons .
he also said people in the south should be concerned about the north s counterfeiting and other illicit activities .
bolivia s president monday set an august date for a vote of confidence that he called for last week intended to give him a new mandate and strengthen his hand against movements for autonomy in several states .
the formal aerial search by the civil air patrol and nevada national guard helicopters ended september after pilots spent more than two weeks scouring an area twice the size of new jersey .
witnesses said a man fitting his description was seen either on a bus or getting off a bus that was heading to texas .
i relished feasting on fermented fishheads , liked dressing in furs , and had even become an expert at purchasing fresh ice at the supermarket .
the remarks were published in her foundation s quarterly journal .
best known for her role as a singing prostitute in hustle and flow
a major storm battering australia s east coast for the past three days has whipped up huge seas , which beached a coal ship , and dumped flooding rains over the hunter valley , north of sydney .
we ll make that evaluation on thursday , where we think he s at , girardi said . one thing you can t do is rush him and then lose him for a long period of time .
they said the stimulus plan in the works in the obama camp would have oversight and transparency measures to ensure spending on the plan would be focused on stimulating the economy and not devolve into just handing out congressional pork projects .
the photograph exists as part of the installation as a whole and has been widely published and exhibited throughout the world , the year old rocker said .
the dijon prosecutor has also opened an investigation into her death , although it has not yet been determined that an autopsy will take place , according to the prosecutor s office .
most asian markets fell on monday amid worries about a recession in the u . s . after figures last week showed weaker than expected job growth .
the british foreign office said such statements only caused distress to johnston s family and friends .
the festival runs over nine days and will then move on the liverpool for three extra days of screenings .
i was pretty disappointed because i wanted to play the china open and get used to the conditions .
at least seven people were killed and hundreds injured in the earthquake .
the top us envoy to north korea has held a rare meeting with the country s foreign minister on nuclear issues .
the year old roman catholic leader , who had throat surgery last month , looked frail and in discomfort as he tried to utter a few words .
he is expected to reach the atlantic around a . m .
the adies bought the piano at auction for pound
uk prime minister gordon brown said tuesday that officials were working to secure the early release of a british teacher who faces being whipped in sudan after she allowed her class to name a teddy bear mohammed .
brian thomas , washington .
dunn jones estate had previously received a . million death benefit from a federal fund to compensate victims families , ap reported .
we have an obligation to the art form to present the oscars , so we have to deal with the possibility of not being able to do the show because of pickets or agreements not being concluded , ganis said .
thai rak thai once a seemingly unstoppable force in thai politics has been hit by a mass exodus of members since the coup .
if prime minister howard truly believes what he says , perhaps his country should find its way to contribute more than just , troops so some american troops can come home , he said .
instead it has become a national embarrassment , with widely publicized problems that also include a shortage of toilets , dozens of design flaws and a long list of corruption allegations .
in a forum hosted by the gnp s self claimed reform minded lawmakers in seoul , rev .
and he s willing to pay plenty for it
lisbon , portugal cnn zimbabwean president robert mugabe says he will attend an upcoming europe africa summit , ensuring his standoff with britain will overshadow efforts to forge stronger political and economic ties between the two continents .
i can assure you that this is going to draw phenomenal interest . it is truly amazing , said dr . steve o shea , a squid expert at the auckland university of technology .
in total , mcclaren has made five changes from the side beaten by russia in moscow .
but friends said parvez was planning to leave home in mississauga , ontario , because of tensions with her family over her decision to stop wearing her head scarf at high school .
during each game an area is displayed on the screen to show where your core balance should be .
real madrid s injury crisis deepened on wednesday with reports that star midfielder mahamadou diarra could miss the rest of the season because of a right knee problem .
secretary of defense robert gates was quickly informed of this incident . . . and he has been receiving daily briefings from gen . buzz moseley , the air force chief of staff , on actions that the air force is taking and the progress of their investigation , pentagon press secretary geoff morrell told reporters wednesday .
in the u . s . , stock futures were lower as investors brace for potentially more bad news from some of the nation s banks .
residents in five southern counties were urged to stay indoors due to pollution levels that are three times higher than normal .
but distances are deceptive , as roads can be twisty and steep .
mugabe s other challenger , simba makoni , received percent of the vote .
one citizen reporter wrote a story alleging the nephew of a provincial city mayor illegally drew a loan from a farmers cooperative .
together , that makes the cells crucial players in beak evolution .
xinhua said investigators had ruled out terrorism as a cause of the crash .
but a henan reporter who had helped expose the business accused officials of hampering parents efforts to find missing children .
a senior afghan official close to the negotiations alleged friday the south koreans also paid a ransom .
berger did say he was very pleased that bush sees it as a problem not just for migrants and their home countries , but americans as well .
the government had threatened to refuse to give the weekly herald a publishing permit if it continued to use the word .
abdallah budairi , now , was nearby serving with the jordanian army .
multilateral deal , pyongyang agreed to shut down its soviet era yongbyon plant within days but it seems it has not made good on that pledge because of millions of dollars frozen in north korean accounts at a macau bank .
we look to the candidates and the people of pakistan to fully participate in these free and fair elections , she said .
the death toll from the myanmar cyclone is more than , people , myanmar s government has said .
gerson might feel even worse after wednesday night s exit of the matronly melinda doolittle from american idol .
he also questioned her popularity and her claim that she would win the elections , the article said .
puma said on thursday that it would retire stock representing . million shares or approximately . percent of the previous share capital .
victims groups were furious at the acquittals and perceived leniency of some of the sentences .
kellems , who had also worked with wolfowitz at the pentagon , is expected to leave his post next week .
the labor department reports , were filed last week , matching a year high .
the year old charismatic leader handed off the power to his year old brother in february after having been in poor health since july .
the ap s mark smith is in nashville .
cheney reportedly gave beijing information from a pakistani nuclear scientist suggesting north korea has at least three nuclear devices .
the most controversial amendment would do away with term limits , thereby allowing the year old former paratrooper , who has already served almost eight years in power , to hold it indefinitely as long as he is re elected .
spokeswoman for the fss told pa that tests were ongoing
but saemmul community church , where bae and other hostages are members , said bae s health condition has been good .
the country s three biggest phone companies have been handing over call records to the national security agency nsa since , the newspaper says .
but issues cropped up in that process thursday , whipple said .
now , that s not a spray that smells like lavender or oranges or flowers .
the purpose of the meeting , zebari said , is to help ease tensions between the u . s . and iran .
the knight inlet lodge , open june through mid october , offers three , four and five day packages .
i think people will just buy less music if they re gonna increase the price .
the north said the move was necessary because the us had pulled out of a key deal to build it two new reactors .
as takeshima day in a move viewed a challenge to korea s sovereignty of the dokdo islets .
the price is expected to be around , .
we judge with moderate confidence that the earliest possible date iran would be technically capable of producing enough highly enriched uranium for a weapon is late , but that this is very unlikely , the report says .
authorities said the man was taken to another home , where the assault continued , then taken back to fulbright s house , where she guarded him with a gun .
nearly two thirds of americans say they believe the constitution guarantees each person the right to own a gun , according to a poll released sunday .
i want them to understand from me on behalf of the government how extremely disappointed , even distressed , millions of australians will be at the release of abu bakar ba asyir , he said .
the building is shot up um , there s , there s windows that have been blown out .
deghayes and sameur were arrested shortly before landing under britain s terrorism act on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism and taken to a police station in london for questioning .
she also poses wearing a shiny black bikini in a calendar that features women holding guns .
a member of the prosecution then told the court katanga does indeed speak swahili because he spoke it with his guard while being transferred to court , but a member of the defense counsel said it is not the language katanga speaks best .
gasoline and heating oil prices in the u . s . appeared to be leading the advance , rising faster in percentage terms than oil due to the explosion monday at alon usa s big spring , texas , refinery , which could be shuttered for two months .
wherever they can get it .
at the meeting , countries pledged in excess of million to help myanmar recover and said more money would be forthcoming once aid groups are granted access to the worst affected areas a condition the junta agreed to .
brent crude for january delivery was little changed at . .
le clezio has written some books including novels , essays , and short stories .
if the pup s dna turns out to contain no contribution from a male shark , this would be the second known case of shark parthenogenesis .
the jewelry is said to be worth . million , and the people who loaned it out want it back .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki asked the u . s . state department to pull blackwater out of iraq , after an iraqi probe concluded that the private contractors committed unprovoked and random killings in a september shooting , an adviser to al maliki told cnn .
washington cnn the u . s . military may try within days to shoot down a failed satellite using a missile launched from a navy ship , officials announced thursday .
but federal law enforcement sources said there was no evidence cowart , of bells , tennessee , and schlesselman , of west helena , arkansas , had any details of obama s schedule .
peyo s widow and two children will help kick off a european birthday tour in brussels .
they acted after media reports claimed that children were being forced to work in kilns in neighboring shanxi province , xinhua said .
brad lidge and the phillies finished off the tampa bay rays in a three inning sprint wednesday night to win a suspended game nearly hours after it started .
five years before the fall of the berlin wall , muehe s character is ordered by his stasi superiors to spy on a prominent playwright who has fallen out of favor with the communist party .
moore appears alone in front of what appears to be a red curtain .
the pop star denies charges of abuse and false imprisonment and says he is the victim of a conspiracy .
golf legend seve ballesteros has confirmed that he has a brain tumor .
the visits anger china and south korea , which say the shrine honors japan s militarist past .
scores of public servants were found to have colluded with organized real estate speculators by supplying information and assisting in the transaction process , the prosecution said yesterday .
images taken from a security camera at the ritz hotel in paris show the year old smiling as she and her lover dodi fayed step into an elevator and later walk out of the hotel .
he placed the country under a six week state of emergency late last year , during which he ousted most of the supreme court justices who had been expected to nullify his election victory on constitutional grounds .
our paramount consideration is the well being of our staff and i feel we cannot continue our work without significant risk to them .
so how will he plead ?
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
but carle says it s not enough to do just one kind of brain exercise .
we never stop and we never take any breaks .
the korea times reports that president roh moo hyun said monday that he will not take disciplinary action in connection with the kidnapping murder case of kim sun il in iraq , until the ongoing investigation is complete and those responsibility are found out .
president lee myung bak urged north korea to stop its verbal attacks thursday and told it to move toward serious dialogue .
but the commerce ministry did not rule out the possibility of a reduction in taxes on transportation and oil imports if the day moving average of dubai crude oil , korea s benchmark , surges above .
it probably hurt the whale , or annoyed him , but it hit him in a non lethal place , he said .
he is already so proficient , it seems hard to call him a prospect , but it s clear the year old german is a serious threat to the big names .
no one was injured and there was no damage in the protest , which continued into the late afternoon , the spokesman said .
ministry officials said , if passed , the new rules will be enforced next year .
washington correspondent shirley smith .
bush vetoed the first war funding bill earlier this month , because it contained timetables for removing u . s . troops from iraq , a provision pushed by democrats and some republicans .
authorities say they haven t interviewed the suspected gunman yet because he s in the hospital , unconscious .
if anybody thinks that we will be a winner out of this fire , i think they re wrong , said palestinian official saeb erakat . if this fire continues , it will burn all of us . nobody stands to gain anything . watch emerging chaos in gaza
doctors without borders has been providing essential healthcare services in myanmar since and began an integrated program in to support people living with hiv aids .
about , fans , hordes of photographers and los angeles mayor antonio r . villaraigosa attended the news conference .
the mangyongbong was to arrive early monday in the northwestern port of niigata on its first visit since a north korean defector told u . s . lawmakers last month that most of the imported parts used in north korea s missile program were smuggled by passenger ship from japan .
they pitched in all sorts of unconventional manners , often a hurl of the baseball in a modified cricket style .
but this is really a wrong idea .
the earthquake , which had a magnitude of .
in mexico , is as welcoming as its menu is comforting .
those who drank less than a glass a week had less risk than teetotallers .
long before american idol , there were two places amateur entertainers could get a big time break
axelrod called on the new york senator to drop ferraro from her finance committee .
luciano pavarotti s widow has broken her silence to denounce italian media reports alleging financial and family problems , saying she never imagined she and the late tenor would be so publicly insulted .
if you don t mind dealing with hyper children and relish the chance to soak in the rays while getting paid to monitor swimmers , look into being a lifeguard .
the rebels have said they want to swap a small group , including betancourt and three u . s . anti drug contractors , for a larger group of jailed guerrilla fighters . the remainder are being held for ransom .
the tropical storm , the strongest on record to hit the region at this time of year , killed people as it swept through the philippines on saturday . it was heading for hong kong , but changed course overnight . typhoon chanchu is expected to make landfall in guangdong province later on wednesday or early on thursday .
interrogators at baghdad s abu ghraib prison viewed sleep deprivation , stripping inmates naked and threatening them with dogs as normal ways of dealing with the enemy , a soldier attached to military intelligence at the prison said thursday .
burma s ruling generals have rejected a un plan for three way talks involving detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , according to state media .
several of the children were later found working as prostitutes in france , italy and spain , according to dutch police .
his party is set to meet next week to pick a new pm , but analysts say a fresh general election is unlikely .
two fuel trains collided at a north korea .
the rev . jerry falwell , the television minister whose founding of the moral majority galvanized american religious conservatives into a political force , died tuesday at age .
the instructions are easily available online , and officials have asked internet service providers to take down the recipe for the deadly mix .
we remain resolute in our resolve to protect the people of iraq and kill or capture those who would bring them harm .
news of the arrest was also reported by iraqi state television .
the pullback could be due to apple s forecast for its fiscal third quarter .
everton and tottenham shared a draw at goodison park , with the hosts remaining in fourth place .
but secretary of state condoleezza rice and defense secretary robert gates were opposed , the official told army radio , according to the newspaper .
molino claimed that he had been informed that the investigating magistrate would file a formal charge of voluntary homicide against his client .
i saw that they threw spray .
start small
also during the weekend , dozens of veterans loyal to longtime president robert mugabe invaded white owned farms in two provinces and tried to force the white farmers out .
he lost out to singing adam lambert , the theater actor who rocked the stones satisfaction .
in another sermon , wright had said america had brought the september attacks upon itself .
to many of it s inhabitants , second life is much more than just a d online game .
three members of a banned fraternity charged in a fellow student s death .
taliban and south korean officials held talks on thursday over the fate of the remaining south korean hostages , a red cross official told cnn .
but a spokesman for tawfiq tirawi , the head of palestinian security services in the west bank , told cnn the men were still in custody and being interrogated .
issues to be discussed include removing north korea from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism and the lifting of sanctions .
most of the damage is utilities gas , water and electricity .
new york cnn early on in the new sex and the city film and don t worry , we re not spoiling the plot here carrie and longtime love mr . big are in bed together .
as dean approached the coast , its winds bent the tall palm trees in nautla a town of about , people some miles kilometers south of where the storm made landfall .
what do they want to prove ?
randal jackson , the web site s producer told cnn what we really wanted to do was to give people a visual presentation that wasn t so heavily reliant on text and also give some indicators that are highly visual , giving an immersive experience about what s going on with the planet .
i am really proud of myself , she said . i am playing with a lot of confidence and i played some good tennis this week .
both reports cited multiple unnamed sources in north korea .
otherwise we cannot survive with this situation , he told ap .
the first officially sanctioned ivory auction in nearly a decade happened tuesday in namibia , with opinion split on whether the sale will help or hurt efforts to stop elephant poaching .
taiwanese and kenyans were among those released .
if you re going to spend time guarding a female , you want to go for the biggest female you can find because she s going to produce more eggs , said uc berkeley biologist roy caldwell , who co wrote the study .
we don t want war , but we will not allow the north american empire which is the master and its sub president alvaro uribe and the colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us . we will not allow it .
a senate committee hears from the captain of the maersk alabama this afternoon about the growing threat from somali pirates
it wasn t a matter of if but when , the sun , quoting a source , reported . the couple have two children together
the vote counts were not completed until late last night .
media in the united arab emirates reported four separate accidents , the largest involving more than cars , on the highway connecting the cities of dubai and abu dhabi on tuesday .
bhutto s comments marked the first time she had called on musharraf , who is both president and army chief , to completely give up power .
the joong ang ilbo reports an historic pavilion called seojangdae , inside the suwon hwasung fortress , was set afire yesterday by an arsonist .
young jin runs around his rural hometown , attacking all those who work or collude with the japanese .
prime minister yasuo fukuda condemned the alleged incident as unforgivable , and the u . s . military confined troops to their bases or off base homes for a period of reflection as of wednesday morning , except for work , worship , school or medical appointments , according to a news release from camp butler on okinawa .
katanga , who once led the forces for patriotic resistance in ituri , was arrested in congo in and transferred to the hague last week .
material from the show will continue to be available on oxygen s web site and on demand .
emerson joined real madrid from juventus for an estimated fee of million euros . million last year after the italian side were punished with relegation following a match fixing scandal .
saul friedlander won the general nonfiction award for the years of extermination
the nobel laureate has been praised as the most influential british playwright of his generation .
planned elections in pakistan could be delayed by up to a year after general pervez musharraf s imposition of emergency rule , the country s prime minister says .
al sadr helped al maliki become prime minister last year .
this is the second such incident involving korean workers in the area .
olmert said any palestinian government must accept the three conditions laid down by the quartet of mideast mediators renouncing violence , recognizing israel and accepting former peace accords .
he will continue as technical advisor , and his two assistant coaches jairo leal and pitso mosimane will remain .
they said it was critical that iraqi leaders make the political compromises needed to ensure long term stability .
meanwhile , the remnants of what was once hurricane dean soaked southern california on sunday afternoon , with as much as three inches of rain falling on the deserts of southwest san diego county .
cause to believe they are committing a crime , the spokesman said .
the world number one crushed american james blake to win his th masters series title and th career singles crown .
the bancrofts have been deliberating over whether to accept murdoch s per share bid since it was announced in early may .
sen . hillary clinton s bid for the white house suffered a blow thursday when michigan s state senate adjourned without passing a bill to schedule a new democratic primary .
billionaire investor carl icahn is setting out to oust yahoo inc . s board of directors for irresponsible and unconscionable actions that led microsoft corp . to withdraw a . billion offer to buy the slumping internet pioneer .
shrank . , thanks to a boom in exports that helped offset an increase in oil imports .
clinton agreeing to that to help hillary clinton become secretary of state .
currently around half of all the people s courts carry out executions by lethal injection , xingchang told the paper .
he said the plane was carrying passengers and seven crew members .
police say they have transferred the person in custody to the illinois department of corrections for a parole violation .
this bomb , this weapons , it s not good to use it for anybody , omar said in english learned in recent months from his british wife .
irish prime minister bertie ahern , blair s partner in steering the northern ireland peace process for the past decade , told irish state radio on wednesday that blair had told him he had already agreed to the role .
the insurance has so far covered most drugs regardless of their prices , so long as they are approved by the korea food and drug administration , and are widely prescribed by doctors .
more than , tourists who had been expected to arrive at the coast this week canceled trips at the last minute , according to an official of the kenya tourism federation who asked that his name not be used because he was not allowed to speak to the media .
russia delayed the launch of the plant , which had been set for september , and refused to ship uranium fuel for the reactor last month as earlier planned , citing iran s payment arrears .
separately , an advisor to iraq s finance minister was shot dead as he was driving through western baghdad s predominantly sunni al jamia neighborhood sunday morning , an interior ministry official said .
this really is a once in a lifetime occurrence , said arlan ettinger , president of auction house guernsey s .
and deep inside the body , where tissue doesn t feel lasting pain , the procedures themselves might be less traumatic .
lapd arrests impersonators of well known characters on hollywood .
speaking from najaf , the shiite holy city in southern iraq , al obeidi said the message has been conveyed to mehdi army members across the war ravaged nation .
when asked about those reports , a turkish airlines spokesman said the flight experienced an urgent situation as it headed to st . petersburg , without offering further details .
his letter recalled people he met in his travels around the state during his run for the u . s . senate four years ago .
we know that environmental pollutants have a very significant impact on children with asthma , said dr . avril beckford , a pediatrician in austell , georgia .
ppp , the party of assassinated benazir bhutto , and pml n won the majority of seats in pakistan s february parliamentary election
another month of record declines in house prices .
shell s about face followed and protests by the environmental group greenpeace .
new york cnn oil surged almost to nearly a barrel on thursday as fresh violence in nigeria spurred supply concerns and strong demand .
the estimate includes the support of superdelegates , the party officials and elected officials who are free to vote for any candidate at the party s national convention .
if mr . mcnamee is lying , then he has acted inexcusably and he has made mr . clemens an innocent victim , waxman said . if mr . clemens isn t telling the truth , then he has acted shamefully and he has smeared mr . mcnamee . i don t think there is anything in between .
but it s unclear if the object that hit the earth was a comet or an asteroid .
the atmosphere in burma s main city is described as tense and fearful .
opportunity and its twin , spirit , have been exploring opposite sides of mars since landing in january , discovering geologic evidence of rocks altered by water from a long ago wetter period of the now dusty planet .
a former cia officer whose identity was leaked to the media is suing us vice president dick cheney .
discovery of the skull , estimated to be at least million years old , is reported by russell l . ciochon in tuesday s edition of proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
simon cowell hopes this season of american idol holds his interest better than last season did .
rime minister tony blair is expected to announce a timetable for the withdrawal of uk troops from iraq .
demonstrators have vowed to show up strong for the torch relay , and police have countered with special powers to stop and search them .
valery gergiev was the obvious choice .
the four were reported missing monday night by dominguez s former wife and the children s mother , lisa sams , according to police in paradise , california , a town of , people north of sacramento .
u . s . carriers generally charge about . per minute for international roaming , while local prepaid rates are around u . s . cents per minute for outgoing calls , and incoming calls are free .
the tonys will be awarded june th at radio city music hall in new york .
one of jwt s more spectacular campaigns took place on manhattan s th avenue , home to the busiest new york branch of hsbc , the world s local bank .
dramatic faa tapes released today of the conversation between air traffic controllers and the pilot of usa airways flight no .
a cabinet meeting , presided over by president roh moo hyun , concluded a plan that will see the current press rooms in the administrative branches consolidated into combined briefing rooms in government complexes in central seoul , gwacheon and daejeon .
academy award winner michael moore s controversial documentary fahrenheit opened in theatres in korea during the weekend .
we even have time to stop at the outdoor ice bar literally made of ice before we pick up the kids .
although an earlier discovery found a slightly older animal that was more fish than tetrapod , ventastega is more tetrapod than fish .
police arrested wednesday a man suspected of killing a marine and stealing an assault rifle , ammunition and a hand grenade .
there are an estimated , illegal abortions in mexico each year .
about of voters polled listed the economy as the no . issue , according to exit polls conducted by cnn .
they signed a declaration to end a crisis sparked by the attack , when colombian troops killed a rebel leader and others inside ecuadoran territory .
she adopted true north as her personal guideline .
it wasn t until the late s that the awards were televised and then only in los angeles and not until that they received a national broadcast of their own .
what was once dangerous hurricane paloma is now a tropical storm that s not destined to last much longer .
islamabad , pakistan cnn elections for pakistan s national assembly and its four provincial assemblies have been scheduled for january , and thousands of people jailed under emergency rule reportedly have been released , officials said tuesday .
powerful legislators and automobile companies are already saying they will not support the deal , a sure sign that a lot of noise will come out of the u . s .
love don t live here anymore
the seoul official predicted that the u . s . led international efforts to put restrictions on north korea will likely materialize soon .
this supernova stands out as the brightest supernova that s ever been observed , said nathan smith , astrophysicist at the university of california at berkeley .
betis had not won at camp nou since and when ronaldinho scored his first free kick it was just a case of keeping the score down .
to have the opportunity to go out there and start game one , i mean , it it s an honor .
a bare majority of his west virginia supporters percent said they would back clinton in the fall , but percent said they d vote for mccain .
the ounce printers , a bit bigger than a deck of cards , are due to go on sale around back to school time for about , polaroid and zink announced monday at the international consumer electronics show .
these days , that tradition is much harder to maintain .
every day is a holiday for yo yo ma
north korea has pledged to strengthen its war deterrent , days after it missed a year end deadline for declaring its nuclear activities .
london , england cnn an outbreak of bird flu has been detected on a poultry farm in eastern england , british officials said monday .
the korea times reports prosecutors summoned lee soon ja , wife of former president chun doo hwan , for questioning over his alleged secret funds on tuesday afternoon .
the coast guard can call off the search , uh , but we will not give up hope that marquise is out there fighting and trying to return .
the antonov crashed into at least one house near a crowded marketplace in the country s capital , kinshasa , congolese officials said .
john , the president elect is telling an audience at george mason university the recession could lead to double digit unemployment and linger for years unless there is a quick and massive dose of stimulus .
witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond shaped , square , or cigar shaped .
a student from another colombo private school holy family convent college also was killed , as were two college students and a policeman .
washington cnn china , host of the summer olympics , is an authoritarian nation that denies its people basic human rights and freedoms , harasses journalists and foreign aid workers and tortures prisoners , the united states charged tuesday .
don t be put off by pristina s drab communist era apartment blocks and muddy trash strewn streets .
lee , a former hyundai ceo and seoul mayor , has claimed he was a victim , not a co conspirator in the fraud case .
harry , , william s brother , will gain access to a similar amount when he turns .
the dow is up points .
pratchett s discworld novels , of which have been published to date , are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern day life .
new england coach fabio capello left the football icon out of his first match against switzerland , citing his lack of match fitness , but has relented for the testing match at the stade de france against the world cup runners up .
the militants are said to be inspired by al qaeda .
after a number of attacks on military convoys over the weekend , the army sent helicopter gun ships and jet fighters to target suspected militant positions in several villages .
she confessed to being an accomplice , she says , only after being tortured in police custody .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the issue of north korea is set to dominate when world leaders meet in vietnam this weekend for the asia pacific economic cooperation forum .
north korea would not become a member of the adb .
dramatic performance honors went to jack nicholson for playing a depressed retiree in about schmidt and nicole kidman for her role as suicidal writer virginia woolf in the hours .
though this is a busy holiday weekend , crested butte isn t as crowded as the mega resorts it s only one fifth the size of vail which means the kids get more individual attention in ski school and day care .
the largest in the world , with an estimated million members .
one chimp , ayumu , did the best .
petraeus said recent operations in three iraqi cities have contributed significantly to the reduction in violence .
ma , of the main opposition nationalists , remains the favorite to take over from president chen shui bian of the ruling democratic progressive party in the march presidential poll despite the charges against him .
a los angeles court official has delayed the arraignment of anna nicole smith s lawyer turned boyfriend and a psychiatrist who treated the former model .
the agency estimates that since january , retailers have sold about , eight piece packages of the party favors .
home run king barry bonds has pleaded not guilty to charges that he lied to a grand jury investigating steroid use in sports .
he and his co workers rushed out and stuck out their tongues to catch the flakes .
pichushkin had requested a jury trial , which is relatively rare in russia , and jurors and six alternates were chosen thursday .
fans come to memphis from all over the world and line up for hours in preparation for a graveside procession to pay homage to elvis presley on the anniversary of his death .
that s right , cups have returned to starbucks , marking the unofficial start of the holiday season for millions of coffee drinkers .
the bishops voted to back ms schori after a number of ballots , ap news agency reported .
yin said labor unrest caused by the slowdown was the government s main concern .
treasury secretary tim geithner also was there , and calling on congress to give him new powers to regulate huge financial companies like the insurance giant .
at tao , the restaurant where celebrities like janet jackson and alicia keys partied after the show , talk of spears debacle raged .
khirbat en nahas is an arid region south of the dead sea , in jordan s faynan district .
all fruit provides abundant good nutrients vitamin c and potassium , in particular .
the diyala support council is a group of sunni and shiite sheikhs working together in the province .
the blast came after hamas military wing , izzedine al qassam brigades , announced it had taken over northern gaza and turned the region into a closed military area . watch militants fire automatic weapons in the streets of gaza
the international monetary fund projects the world economy is likely to shrink this year for the first time in decades .
neil , , has been accused of sexually abusing at least a dozen cambodian and vietnamese boys , some as young as years old .
the u . n . must do more than issue statements of concern , said kate allen , director of amnesty international uk .
world number two nadal quit when trailing argentine juan monaco in their second round match , citing cramp in his left forearm and dizziness .
north korean cities , such as haeju and nampo , have been spotlighted as candidate sites in which north and south korean companies could jointly invest .
reaction from the public has been positive and even put him on the new york times hardcover bestseller list .
in the late s , she gave millions of dollars to help rebuild african american churches that had been burned in the south .
french scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes .
bae , the leader of the group of church volunteers taken hostage in afghanistan by the taliban , was killed on july and his body was found a short time later dumped on a road .
at home , the work continues .
the medical law was established in and underwent major reforms in and .
residents in virginia , maryland and the district of columbia were voting tuesday .
a new curriculum will be ready by the end of this school year , and new textbooks are being developed to help educate the new citizen , said chavez s brother and education minister adan chavez , who joined him in a televised ceremony at the opening of a public school in the eastern town of el tigre .
and i understand that .
the awami national party is a pashtun nationalist group based in pakistan s north west frontier .
during a summit meeting in moscow on sunday night , the two heads of state agreed that the nuclear issue must be addressed through dialogue without resorting to military options , according to chong wa dae officials .
kerry vowed to build a more robust america than now .
saudi arabia s king says the price of oil should be a barrel higher than it is now .
chavez had no immediate response to the allegations involving him .
elizabeth edwards , , said she was incredibly optimistic and said her expectations about the future were unchanged .
the korea times reports the kma has maintained a ban on drinking , smoking and dating , even marriage , among its cadets .
he claimed that if he were elected president , south korea s gross domestic product growth would surge to percent , and he would create at least , jobs every year for a total of million during his five year term in office .
william dever , an expert on near eastern archaeology and anthropology , who has worked with israeli archeologists for five decades , said specialists have known about the ossuaries for years .
at p . m . , we are going to require all of our probation parole pardon sex offenders to report to the office and they ll remain here from to p . m , agent gerald black , with the south carolina department of probation , parole and pardon , told cnn affiliate wyff .
more than taleban fighters have been killed in a major offensive by afghan and nato forces in southern afghanistan .
a club spokeswoman told associated press that she could not comment on the report , adding there would be no details regarding the injuries of any of the team s players until doctors submit their weekly update on saturday .
on the way to wenchuan , a reporter for china s official xinhua news agency said he encountered five men who escaped the disaster .
the government should issue immediate clear instructions to all troops under its command including pdf and other militias that rape and other forms of sexual violence will not be tolerated , that they constitute war crimes , it continued .
voters are also banned from posting partisan messages on the homepages of political parties , it added .
sharemarkets lost billions more in value thursday as shares continued to slump on fears a global recession is unavoidable .
rescuers in a shaken city on wednesday extracted the living and the dead from the crumpled remains of u . n . offices in algiers that were bombed by an al qaeda affiliate .
according to exit polls in kentucky , clinton won among men , percent , and among women , percent .
mbeki should be replaced by zambian president levy mwanawasa , he said .
deputy prime minister and finance economy minster lee hun jai on wednesday described the roh moo hyun administration as center right since it promotes the market economy and social integration .
tokyo maintains that whaling is a national tradition and a vital part of its food culture , and argues that whale stocks have sufficiently recovered since to allow a resumption of limited hunts of certain species .
recognizing that you re burned out is a good first step , but it won t mean much unless you take action to change the situation .
but it acknowledged that a number of mistakes had been made in how riza s role and remuneration had been handled .
a seoul court on sunday issued an arrest warrant for a former business partner of south korea s leading presidential contender on accusations of stock price manipulation and corporate fund embezzlement .
the move came hours before pakistani president pervez musharraf s hand picked caretaker government was to be sworn in .
beckham got into the exhibition in the th minute , jogging onto the field amid huge cheers and a sea of camera flashes from the crowd of , .
a non profit organization , soho rushes focuses on short films .
it was not clear how many people were inside when it came down .
japan and russia , who have been involved in six party talks with pyongyang , have also expressed concern .
otherwise , he relies on a computer to talk for him in a synthesized voice .
the bodyguard business is good , thanks to the country s soaring crime rates and bloody mafia feuds .
special sales taxes on several goods likely to be abolished .
anti semitism , racism and xenophobia must never take root again in germany or in europe , she said , and vowed to battle any flare ups .
geffen is quoted in the column as saying the former president is a reckless guy who gave his enemies a lot of ammunition to hurt him and to distract the country .
the craze has drawn hundreds of couples in the few months since it started causing city officials to wonder whether the ancient roman bridge is suited for such an overwhelming display of passions .
i really thought i was getting on the wrong train until the conductor told me it s going to rd street , exactly where i m going , said joseph salmond , who had never seen a subway car quite this old .
bonsall s lawyer , paul mccormick , said bonsall went through a day rehab program and has been sober for over five months .
working , it seems , is a bit of a chore in bimbo world .
observers say the ruling is a blow for jackson and could have a significant impact on the direction of the trial .
yeah , the answer is yes .
zimbabwe s high court will wait until monday to issue its ruling on whether it will order the electoral commission to release the march presidential results , a journalist at the courtroom told cnn .
connahan says santas have been through this before
jeonse prices in seoul , incheon and gyeonggi province have risen . percent this year through august .
the progressive democratic labor party , which typically takes the opposite side of the conservative grand national party , concurs with it this time around .
new iraqi government won t have the authority to evict us forces from iraq .
scientists have discovered more than planetary systems beyond our own in recent years , using powerful telescopes to measure the wobble brought about by orbiting planets on their host stars .
police questioned three people saturday over the bombing of benazir bhutto s caravan , which killed at least people and shattered what was intended to be a triumphant return from exile .
cnn almost , acres of the everglades national park were burning sunday morning , fire officials said , the latest in a series of wildfires that have scorched parts of florida in may .
legal action has been taken against recruiters of child soldiers in congo and there have been several convictions in sierra leone , she said .
we don t want any hypothetical situation stopping the torch relay , giving taiwan a bad reputation of political interference in sports .
the mystery surrounding king tutankhamun and his glittering gold tomb has entranced ancient egypt fans since carter first discovered the hidden tomb on november , , revealing a trove of fabulous gold and precious stone treasures .
sean preston federline , son of britney spears and kevin federline
simpson said no guns were involved and that the incident was not a robbery .
the king believes that the current oil prices are abnormally high , and he is ready to restore prices to their appropriate levels , spa quoted ban as telling reporters in jiddah .
if someone told you to press a button to deliver a volt electrical shock to an innocent person in the next room , would you do it ?
west died saturday night at p . m . , corral said .
liquefied petroleum gas mostly used for cooking in areas without piped gas supply saw the largest hike of . per cent .
washington cnn the supreme court refused tuesday to offer help to hurricane katrina victims who want their insurance companies to pay for flood damage to their homes and businesses .
investigators said they are looking into allegations that a member of the u . s . army raped a filipino woman on the island of okinawa .
patrick kelly , , is charged with aggravated sexual assault of a child , tampering with physical evidence and engaging in organized criminal activity .
president elect barack obama announced wednesday that he is creating a new economic recovery board to provide a fresh perspective for his administration .
the statement from the military , which seized power from civilian governments three times in past decades , was issued to mark the th anniversary on aug .
a limo followed the cart .
it is one in a series of inquiries into the alleged abuse or killing of iraqis by coalition forces .
it adds another cog in the connect between ourselves and our ancestors .
more than people have been hurt , hospital officials said .
the police official said he did not know if she was married in the real world .
other hospitals were unable to treat the wounded because of a shortage of supplies and staff .
alison iraheta won t tell her fans who to vote for , now that she s off american idol
dentists , cpas , morticians , engineers , architects , and bankers , for the most part , don t need charisma .
a network is a group of computers joined to a host computer or server by modems or by cables .
it is half as big as the philippines tarsier , which has similar features .
china s top leaders are officially chosen by and answer to the national people s congress , but they ve always mirrored the choices of the communist party congress , which met last year .
currently , people in anhui are working to control flooding in the huai , xinhua said .
kotra reported an outflow of . billion in foreign direct investment between and .
the north has not yet replied to china s proposal on the resumption of the talks in february , he said .
and would it reduce smoking in america ?
the sacking of the nation s first female justice minister came as a shock to the media and the prosecution with whom the nation s first female minister has had a rift over a number of policy issues including the scope of reform measures .
tens of thousands of auto imports are parked in neat rows on the docks in long beach , california .
a lot of people apparently still haven t made up their minds about the presidential election .
associated press correspondent jerry bodlander is covering the moneyman s appearance on capitol hill
president robert mugabe s critics blame his policies for the economic meltdown , but he says the west is sabotaging his efforts .
north korea s missile tests on july initially brought the allies to a united front .
hours after silva s workers party had declared their candidate the winner .
chief social welfare officer simon chisale , the official overseeing the adoption , paid the ritchies two home visits , writing in a report that madonna was a perfect mum for david .
the treasury is choosing to create a variety of public private partnerships to take loans and mortgage backed securities off the books of the banks .
tuck s lawyer , thomas gibson of pahrump , has characterized tuck as an innocent middleman who should be credited for giving the tape to authorities , ap reported .
the year old hudson tearfully thanked her grandmother , whom she described as her biggest inspiration . blog updates from the oscars
the white house , which has held up the movement in anbar province as an example for the rest of iraq , condemned his assassination as an outrage .
microsoft was one of hd dvd s main backers , along with intel intc , fortune and japanese electronics maker nec corp .
we had no idea of the gravity of the situation , or we would ve stopped the show .
khan had not proposed to the princess , burrell said , adding that khan was the man she loved more than any other .
he has some strange competition , including tom cruise and robert downey , jr . , for their comic roles in tropic thunder .
but correa said his forces investigated uribe s claims and discovered that the colombian planes attacked the guerrillas as they slept in a camp km . mi inside ecuador . of course ecuadoran air space was invaded , he said .
london , england cnn oh , the humanity . when these three words were uttered by aghast radio journalist herbert morrison as the lz hindenburg airship crashed and burst into flames in new jersey in it was seen as the end of airships .
he said sadr indicated his militia would disarm if they were offered amnesty .
the beijing news reported that wong is under police investigation for stock market manipulation , according to the state run china daily newspaper .
they are also challenging its validity in the constitutional court .
when west nile virus activity is detected in an area , residents are alerted to take precautionary steps to protect themselves .
foreign minister syed hamid albar said the move was necessary if burma was to avoid stronger international pressure .
ko san , a mathematician , was originally supposed to fly on the soyuz .
golf legend ballesteros has brain tumor
the final player squad has to be announced by may .
lythgoe acknowledged that the show suffered last year when finalists failed to top the excitement and star quality of performers from previous seasons
thanks to the pamphlet , we do not have to struggle to come up with the english translations of dishes any more , which is usually time consuming , a senior manager at the four star guangzhou hotel in downtown beijing told the xinhua news agency .
one of them twice flew about , feet over the deck of the uss nimitz saturday while another flew about miles away , officials said .
whitson , russian cosmonaut yuri malenchenko and french astronaut leopold eyharts will still be in orbit miles above earth when the satellite is targeted .
the next ship was not expected to dock for another week , giving authorities time to try to escort the whales out of the channel and back to the pacific , said teresa bledsoe , administrative clerk at the port of sacramento .
hwang has become a popular academic celebrity in the past year , during which he announced the first cloning of designer human embryonic stem cells and the cloning of a dog both global firsts .
things you need to be told and more things you need to be told .
when the sakura blooms , tokyoites gather in ueno park for feasting , singing and general merriment .
andy johnson came closest in the second half for everton when he found himself unmarked in front of goal following a sharp turn but his shot was saved by radek cerny .
an indonesian angler caught a fish once thought to have disappeared along with the dinosaurs and held it in a quarantined pool until it died hours later , a biologist said sunday .
on wall street at this hour , the dow is now up by about points .
it is rarely seen in the wild where it survives in isolated pockets in rivers and swamps in the dense west african forests of countries including ivory coast , liberia , and sierra leone .
the woman was identified as gilberta estrada , .
three of his employees and clients are also being investigated , they said .
clinton earlier broke barack obama s contest winning streak with her victory in rhode island .
he was charged with wire fraud for allegedly filing false reports to fbi headquarters about leung s reliability and with gross negligence for allegedly allowing her access to classified material .
investigators found dozens of skeletons treated with chemicals laid out to dry in the sun when they reached a river bank in keshia , kilometers miles north of kolkata , capital of west bengal state .
the visit will focus on an arab peace initiative and ways to help the beleaguered palestinian authority .
the height of irresponsibility
hwang derived embryonic stem cell lines by cloning patients , both male and female of various ages ranging between to , suffering from diseases or spinal cord injury .
the move fulfills a campaign promise by prime minister kevin rudd , who was swept into office in november largely on the promise that he would bring home the country s combat troops by the middle of .
. bag a new brew
he will resume his first round match with argentine diego hartfield , level at one set all .
wes austin , a student at the massachusetts institute of technology , thought it would be the perfect place to bring his mother and sister visiting from san diego .
bush is expected to tell the alliance s biggest ever gathering that nato membership must be open to any european democracy that seeks it .
loyalists of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in thailand s parliamentary elections sunday in a striking rebuke to the generals who forced the billionaire populist from power in .
she joined the service on june , .
the north koreans haven t seen this many americans since the korean war , but they are pulling out all the stops .
lara uselding , a spokeswoman for the transportation security administration , said airlines can accept some unusual items with advance planning , as long as they are not prohibited by the tsa .
vice foreign minister lee kyu hyung , however , was cautious about whether the controversial books recently published by china s state funded research institute should be considered as the chinese government s official stance .
the central bank has retained a hawkish monetary stance since last august , saying growing inflation risks outweigh concerns about a slowdown .
i sometimes wonder how many millions of people have typed these characters , and how many have turned their heads to one side to view a smiley , in the years since this all started .
the president was asked what , in his opinion , is the most pressing issue facing the incoming president .
the selection of new prime minister is schedule to take place friday .
this is where you will learn how to target a market , capitalize on brand equity , position a product , and use market research techniques .
federal prosecutors have unsealed a page affidavit that details a nearly hour rendezvous that took place in a washington hotel room last month between new york s gov . eliot spitzer and a prostitute .
mattel s profits have fallen by over the past three months , in the wake of the recalls .
indian police say the man wrote to pakistan after a number of indian lawyers refused to take his case .
a wild storm hit pakistan s largest city , pushing the death toll from a particularly calamitous south asia monsoon season past , .
and remember , help control the pet population . have your pet spayed or neutered .
hong kong s south china morning post newspaper reported sunday that the airline s chairman , christopher pratt , was on the plane when the pilot , capt . ian wilkinson , swooped back over the boeing plant shortly after taking off .
the movie , starring pierce brosnan as agent , also depicts a u . s . intelligence official ordering the mobilization of the south korean army and an outdated scene of koreans using a cow to till fields .
kosovo s parliament declared the country s independence from serbia on february , setting up a confrontation with serbia and its longtime ally russia , which demanded that the move be declared null and void .
authorities on sunday said they were zeroing in on marine cpl . cesar laurean , charged with first degree murder in the death of lance cpl . maria lauterbach .
he said it was unclear what the exact cause of death and added that berlin wanted the remains returned to germany as soon as possible for a closer examination .
it was a pretty cool day because the team did the job even though there was some wind , cancellara told a news conference .
unhygienic conditions and a lack of clean water have contributed to isolated cases of diarrhea and dysentery in some refugee camps .
what i loved about here compared to other countries was that the people cared about the nature , winston said . they want development , but they don t want to destroy the land to do it .
his other nominations included the last temptation of christ , goodfellas and gangs of new york .
interpol , the international police agency that issued a worldwide appeal for information in the case last week , said the suspect had been working as an english teacher in south korea and flew from seoul to bangkok last thursday .
ex church members say he reigns with an iron fist , demanding perfect obedience from followers .
al hayyes said he suspects al qaeda may be behind the attack , but could not rule out a rival political group .
israeli cabinet minister zeev boim said that rather than condemning israel , the u . n . should condemn palestinian militants for firing rocket barrages at israel .
lee s main rival was chung dong young of the united new democratic party .
i know this may cause a lot of inconvenience , but it s very necessary to fight terror , hatoyama said of the fingerprinting measures .
the u . n . mission in nepal , which is helping the country s effort to hold fair elections , expressed its deep concern over adhikari s killing .
what will i promise , they laugh , to get them to stop what they re doing long enough to get that perfect holiday card shot on top of a ski mountain , clustered around a giant turtle in the galapagos islands , or on the boat they re sailing in the british virgin islands ?
journalist aftab borka reported from the scene that about of the cars in the train were off the tracks and overturned .
only about out of private dog breeders are registered , shen says , adding that pushing for their compulsory registration is one of her group s priorities .
chrysler shuts down all production
he won four world titles from and two olympic golds in the , before being beaten by oussama mellouli of tunisia in august in china .
while the cnn opinion research corp . poll shows a statistical dead heat , other recent national polls indicate giuliani continues to hold a lead over thompson .
adoption groups said friday the case proves the need for openness and transparency during the adoption process .
prosecutors summoned lee soon ja for questioning over former president chun doo hwan s alleged secret fund .
skip coffee in the airport and especially when the trolley comes round during the flight .
asiana airlines management and its striking pilots union resumed contract negotiations yesterday , three days after the pilots began a general strike demanding better working conditions .
after his sickly , famished wife died , leaving him with a three month old baby , lee entrusted the boy to a wealthy childless couple and went to sea in at age .
ten people were slightly injured .
the two countries are also discussing establishing a consultative organization to control the allied forces joint operations , and gradually strengthening its role , they added .
gates accepted no questions after his announcement , and didn t explain why harvey resigned . however , he repeated something the army said thursday when weightman was fired
the meeting comes after the panel said he broke bank rules by helping secure a pay raise for his girlfriend .
the film s new orleans setting and strong princess character give the film lots of excitement and texture , walt disney studios chairman dick cook said .
so he and a business partner have created hotenough . org .
two impassive south korean soldiers stood guard .
kyodo news agency says areas have been affected across japan . niigata and nagano prefectures , north west of tokyo , are among the hardest hit .
stephen ansfee is explorer s expedition leader . we are getting close to capacity in antarctica and as the ships get bigger , so do the environmental risks .
all of these characterizations belong in the past .
visitors are stunned into submission by the forbidden city , the great wall and tiananmen square , then quickly shuttled to buying sprees at the pearl market or silk street .
in his subsequent reports to fbi headquarters , smith allegedly vouched for the validity of her information and said she had been verified in part by use of a lie detector .
a biopic dedicated to the memory of san francisco activist and city supervisor harvey milk , the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in california , who was murdered by a fellow supervisor in .
the team of rangers beginning a planned monthlong survey spotted a group of gorillas tuesday known as the humba family group .
hong seok hyun was questioned by the prosecution .
the speaker made a surprise visit to baghdad today , where she promised the united states will continue its support
in the district of columbia , obama was leading clinton percent , and mccain was leading huckabee percent , with about percent of precincts reporting .
a year old will be released from a new york hospital breathing free after getting lungs in a transplant .
pyongyang afp north koreans believe they teeter on the brink of war , and a strong hatred of americans invigorates them as they prepare mentally for a possible conflict . i think the u . s . army might attack .
they are going to need strength and patience , and god , just put your hand on little youssif and his family , one of them said , head bowed in prayer .
hill said any decision to lift its financial sanctions against north korea will depend on what measures north korea would take in the future .
the impostor s closest brush with the dental profession was during the years to , when he assisted an army dentist by carrying his bag on visits to plantation workers homes , the new straits times reported on wednesday .
the accident the worst in ukraine in seven years highlighted the lack of attention to safety in a country with some of the world s most dangerous mines .
national hurricane center s latest report puts the storm center about miles sse of nantucket , top winds of nearly mph .
as you know , his royal highness has long taken a close interest in tibet .
for nearly a decade snipes has engaged in a campaign of criminal tax conduct combining brazen defiance with insidious concealment , the prosecutors say .
so far , mccain has won new hampshire and south carolina romney took wyoming , nevada and michigan and huckabee came in first in iowa .
a louisiana man has filed a lawsuit against oprah winfrey , claiming she and an attorney made false statements that led the fbi to arrest him on charges that he tried to extort the talk show host .
then you can go in to neutralize it with about a half a cup of water quarter cup of white vinegar .
china gains extra aid from international institutions and has asked for help in climate change talks because of its status as a developing country .
talk about your arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparations .
he s doing fine , rosenfield said . he has a broken rib , it s very painful and it ll take a long time to heal .
he is now professor emeritus at the marine biological laboratory and boston university medical school .
he said he was engaged in a silent diplomacy with beijing on tibet .
he was in critical but stable condition thursday morning , his mother told cbs s the early show .
a hurricane warning was in effect for the mexican gulf coast from palma sola to cabo rojo , the nhc said , meaning winds of at least mph km h were expected within the warning area within the next hours .
jakarta , indonesia cnn one of southeast asia s most wanted terrorists is in police custody , an anti terror police official in indonesia has told cnn .
earlier monday , a year old man was attacked by a bronze whaler shark while spear fishing near australia s great barrier reef in northeastern queensland state .
love don t live here anymore
the climate , the religious and social climate is such that people can do that in daylight and that authorities do not intervene , said the spokeswoman for the organization of womens freedom in iraq , houzan mahmoud .
it s embarrassing history .
that suggests it was caused by hydrothermal or gas buildup , kauahikaua said .
it would unnecessarily handcuff our generals on the ground , and it s safe to say it s a non starter for the president , he said .
our offices are basically destroyed now , nothing works , unhcr spokesman ron redmond said from its geneva headquarters .
light , sweet crude for may delivery fell back quickly after pushing to . a barrel .
in his weekly radio and online address , obama says the country has to focus more on science
it s clearly a tragedy , he said . you ve got a sister that s gone and a father and brother in jail .
yonhap reports the resolution passed with ayes out of members present , marking the fourth time that foreign countries have held japan accountable for the comfort women and pressed for an official apology .
from one corner of the world to another , a financial bloodletting is underway at the new york stock exchange .
the family was then whisked away to the two bedroom , two bath apartment where they will be staying during youssif s treatment .
pakistan is a nuclear power and a key u . s . ally in the war on terror .
let s start using it , russian mission control told kononenko , one of the two russians living aboard the space station . we ll keep our fingers crossed .
geneva , switzerland the great wall , the colosseum and machu picchu are among the leading contenders to be the new seven wonders of the world as a massive poll enters its final month with votes already cast by more than million people , organizers say .
roh also said he believed north korea would not use its nuclear weapons unless attacked first , saying it would be something only mental patients can do .
the report which offered no proof for any of the claims also said north korea built two underground missile bases in a mountainside in the central part of its land border with china .
people charge over the hill for him .
cnn an alabama man whose wife died during a honeymoon scuba diving trip off the coast of australia almost five years ago has been charged with murdering her .
and when the judge ordered him to be taken into custody , he stood , his hands were put in handcuffs , and he was led out of the courtroom .
pathological tests confirmed lead and cadmium in the bodies of the dead gharials , said suman , the wildlife official .
staff , including crushpad winemaker mike zitzlaff , are there to make sure enthusiasm doesn t triumph over experience .
but at the rate nasa recruits astronauts , these kids would have a greater chance becoming nba players than going to space .
at wimbledon , she reached the third round in but missed last year s tournament with a left ankle injury .
asked if she could see any path to victory for clinton , pelosi said , you never know in elections .
he said the crash happened about p . m . p . m . gmt on a poorly lit rural road outside nashik , which is home to about a dozen hindu temples .
addiction experts also strongly opposed the idea at a debate at the american medical association s annual meeting .
tottenham should have put the tie beyond doubt after dominating the first leg at the emirates stadium a fortnight ago , but following a late goal from theo walcott to earn a draw , arsenal still had it all to play for .
but , he told us it might not be the same model that everybody should be using .
unsafe sex is especially risky in south africa , which has one of the world s highest hiv infection rates with an estimated percent of its million people infected with the virus .
yahoo co founder to resign as ceo
hezbollah has hit israeli towns with rocket attacks and israeli sources said the group had fired on the northern port city of haifa .
but investigations showed the children were chadian , and that most had at least one parent or close adult relative .
plans for a story building have been given the green light , which will make it the first skyscraper to be built in the city for years .
ed donahue is , of course , at lafayette park watching as the inaugural events are going on .
an al qaeda suicide bomber blew himself up monday at the site of an ancient temple popular with tourists , killing seven spaniards and two yemenis less than two weeks after the u . s . embassy issued a terror warning about the area .
the case portrays the tragedy and brutality of honor killings in the muslim world .
whoever accomplishes the feat by the end of will receive million .
hundreds of students from an islamic seminary attached to the mosque have been running an anti vice campaign in islamabad , threatening music shops and brothels , in a bold challenge to president gen . pervez musharraf , a u . s . ally who has pledged to promote moderate islam .
south korean alliance , forged during the korean war .
much like last week s engagement , last night s overwhelming victory by ansf against the extremists is one more example of this strategy to secure a stable and safe living area for the residents of province .
the united nations may expand its role in iraq , according to a new draft resolution the u . n . security council is considering .
environmental experts say the new project could cause widespread corruption , human hardship and environmental damage , and could dry up the yangtze in years .
being english , to bring the world cup back to england would be something really special and i would be honored to be involved in that .
obama s original bill would have required power plants to notify the public and government officials when any radiation was released , but subsequent versions had less stringent reporting requirements , the new york times reported .
for us , the eiffel tower is a restaurant more than a place to visit , the year old chef said , adding that he hopes to cultivate the right mix of tourists and parisians .
hobbs said a strong world bank was especially necessary now , when aid by rich countries was on the decline .
in the northern parts of manila , flooding was waist deep and evacuation centers were bracing for more arrivals .
the government says there are so far no leads , and it has avoided naming any particular groups as suspects .
the drop came as investors reacted to a plan by the securities and exchange board of india to restrict the issue of participatory notes to overseas investors .
under the dublin regulation , european union member nations agree that an application for asylum submitted in any eu country would be handled by that country alone .
many of the messages are broadcast in english and in local languages such as zulu .
there was another running death sunday in arlington , virginia .
the move was a response to us military modernization and aggression , party daily rodong sinmun said .
but the lights are tucked into crown molding , illuminating the graceful white ceiling arches while the lights themselves are hidden from direct view by tourists and worshippers below .
the president said there is much work ahead in iraq but noted cooperation from the iraqis is stronger than ever .
he did very well with that .
north korean leader kim jong il has taken his former private secretary as his new wife , according to a report by south korea s yonhap news agency .
the company says ukraine owes about billion for past natural gas deliveries .
it also left a foot deep crater in the road .
parties opened fire monday on lee myung bak , presidential candidate of the main opposition grand national party gnp , after his lawyer requested that a u . s . court delay the extradition of lee s business partner kim kyung jun .
and last month the administration unveiled its plan to create what are known as empowerment zones in six large cities and one mid sized city as well as in urban and rural enterprise zones .
north korea has said it provided a statement , but the united states says that statement was incomplete .
the japanese meteorological agency said the snow will continue to blanket northern and western japan and has warned of possible avalanches .
the union has been aggressive in courting public opinion producing audiences surveys saying that theatergoers don t want canned music a term the producers hate , enlisting the support of broadway composers such as jerry herman and john kander , and having performers such as patty duke and audra mcdonald do radio commercials in support of the musicians .
they say hidden costs have pushed the total to about . trillion nearly twice the requested billion .
roddick , who bounced back to form with a superb win at the atp tournament in dubai last week , beating rafael nadal and novak djokovic , says he wants to prepare properly for the u . s open .
one historical account says pepper powder was used as a crude form of tear gas during the fighting .
the appointment of chung has been a controversial issue within the korean music scene .
tuesday s election draws the attention to president bush .
turkel s work celebrated the common people .
with the support of a sponsor , trung hopes to spend the next few years perfecting aiko s software and increasing her range of skills
according to modern growth theories , the accumulation of human as well as physical capital is a powerful engine of economic growth .
the show will go on regardless of talks status , he said .
at least people were gathered inside , cnn ibn reported .
which is how , three hours later , i was shivering in a surprise july snowstorm en route to hoernlihuette , the matterhorn base camp , wearing capris and sneakers with no tread .
they found mickey mantle outrunning the wind in northeast oklahoma .
air force stationed in gunsan conducted several combat exercises from january through june in preparation for possible air launched nuclear strikes against north korea .
cats , the andrew lloyd webber feline extravaganza , folded in after years and , performances . miss saigon , another boublil schonberg show , closed in january after a year run .
for sculpture , head to the bargello . for art , it has to be the uffizi galleries .
senate republicans will hear from some of obama s aides this week .
there was no alert or warning about this attack , franko said . he added an off duty israel defense forces officer fatally shot the attacker .
it was the fifth straight record close for the average .
shaun wright phillips , the injured wayne rooney , the suspended rio ferdinand , barry and robinson are missing from that line up with carson , wayne bridge , beckham , lampard and peter crouch all restored .
it does not contain any provision against abuse , said yves leterme of the christian democrats .
did i really see an alligator ? i was almost percent positive , he said .
a new , young family has taken up residence at the white house and it s not the obamas .
because of the depth of the earthquake , abreau said , we may see some minor damage .
we have already contacted madonna that someone else and not kilembe will come to assess her , because we feel mr kilembe personalized the whole issue when other people can go , the minister told the newspaper .
world series game is tonight , phillies manager charlie manuel says his team will break out of its hitting slop .
i guess it will be up to a judge to decide , but it s in our possession right now as proceeds from a drug transaction , deleo said of the winning ticket .
koreans toil long hours , but they don t necessarily toil effectively .
us ambassador to the un , john bolton , described the report as a red flag and said it provided ample evidence of iranian defiance .
it is unfortunate that a public servant no longer feels comfortable that they will be treated fairly in testimony in front of congress , white house spokeswoman dana perino said .
u . s . commerce secretary carlos gutierrez said the twice a year talks are all about the long term developing a common understanding of the future .
it is expected that lee will steer the party in a less rigid and more accommodating manner toward north korea and help the party take on more pragmatic stance despite retaining its conservative orientation .
chinese authorities also recovered jihadist propaganda and bomb making equipment during that raid .
what they propose is an obvious vestige of colonial thinking , putin was shown saying on russian state television .
the clip s removal follows comments by professor graham harding , an expert in clinical neuro physiology who developed a test used to measure photo sensitivity levels in animated tv material .
a court decision to clear eight people executed three decades ago under the dictatorship of former president park chung hee of treason charges seems to be encouraging further legal action against the political oppression of past governments .
soldiers will be allowed a minimum of months at home bases upon return .
chinese officials told the state run media sunday that they successfully thwarted two terrorist attacks , including one targeting the summer olympic games .
the seoul central district court issued a detention warrant yesterday allowing hyundai motor group s chairman , chung mong koo , to be taken into custody .
it authorizes a , strong joint force from the african union and the united nations to replace the beleaguered , strong au mission now in darfur by december .
lt . fred corral , watch commander for the los angeles county coroner s office , told cnn the office is investigating west s death due to possible complications of surgery .
the ap s deanna belondi reports the politician accused of corruption has decided to do his own closing argument at his impeachment trial
alyeska has lots of great expert terrain , which i love , but what we really need now is more good beginner and intermediate terrain , byrne said by phone from his home in alta , utah . in the long run , we need to offer the complete package .
after estrada failed to show up for work , her sister , who lived nearby , forced her way into the locked residence in the oak hills mobile home park , about miles west of fort worth in this rural community of , people .
michelle obama delivered the weekly democratic radio address , urging people to vote for her husband
the tourist said she recognized madeleine from the many media reports about the child s may disappearance and may have even seen the well publicized defect in the little girl s eye , mitchell said .
sydney , australia cnn nicholas jake barton , the great grandson of former british prime minister winston churchill , pleaded guilty tuesday to knowingly taking part in a multimillion dollar ecstasy racket .
until september , , the syrian regime was building a covert nuclear reactor in its eastern desert capable of producing plutonium , the statement said .
according to the poll by the bank of korea , the consumer survey index
cnn sen . john mccain on tuesday will propose lifting the ban on offshore drilling as part of his plan to reduce dependence on foreign oil and help combat rising gas prices .
a sleek , white , clingy outfit , whose revolutionary design has the potential to make astronauts feel as agile and au courant as spider man .
he shot himself in the head .
i think it s fair to say that it s going to take not months , but years , to really turn this around .
he too well recalls that day , june , , when israeli troops took jerusalem , the sacred city to jews , muslims and christians .
the writers guild of america has shown great humanity , empathy and courage by allowing our little evening to move forward , taylor said in a statement .
we re already discussing how we might go about to honor the trapped miners and make this a site for perpetuity , he said .
tour de france director christian prudhomme said the important thing is not that he has been sacked by his team but that he will not be at the start of the stage tomorrow .
the software maker has said it expects to release windows sometime in .
as japan deregulates , foreign banks , brokerages and industrial groups are building subsidiaries and , incredibly , buying japanese companies outright .
slain bodies found dumped in baghdad dropped from in august to in september and so far in october , the iraqi interior ministry said .
the museum had functioned as the national museum of contemporary art , korea , until it was closed down in .
burris , , also a democrat , served illinois from to
fifty eight percent of those voters said they chose the new york senator .
did we land on the moon ?
a veteran sherpa guide scaled everest on thursday for a record th time .
sit toward the front of the airplane
we cannot afford to see the taliban and al qaeda returning to kabul . whatever the cost , however difficult the victory , we cannot afford it . we must win .
a hostile attitude toward foreigners can damage the image of the entire society .
considering that the workers were injecting refrigerant into the warehouse using urethane , the police suspect that the operation produced flammable gases which ignited , causing huge explosions .
einstein obviously fascinates , more than years after his death .
after leaving the white house , the couple returned to live in austin .
mccain says he may vote against some of barack obama s ideas , but he likes the president elect s cabinet picks , paying special attention to secretary of state
beverly hills chihuahua still the top dog at the box office , taking another . million this weekend .
the conflict in the democratic republic of congo began after the rebel forces of laurent kabila drove former dictator mobutu sese seko from power in .
one rule change this year ensured that all panelists would know all series that made the cut as the top in a certain category instead of only a few apiece , as they did last year .
but a pro rebel website said basayev and three other militants died when a truck carrying explosives blew up accidentally .
ken kutaragi , , stepped down as sony computer entertainment inc . s chairman and group chief executive , the gaming unit said tuesday .
the ruling , which states that a woman should rightfully remain a member of her father s family after marriage , could affect the outcome of similar lawsuits around the country and encourage more legal actions .
police are not releasing the daughter s name because she is a juvenile .
india and china have engaged in decades of mutual suspicion and fought a border war .
weaker quakes rattled the region through the day , including a magnitude . aftershock .
they will place signs along trails leading up to the wall reminding visitors not to smoke , litter or otherwise disturb the environment .
flights affected were bound for hong kong and cities in southeast asia .
rudd has said the iraq deployment made australia more of a target for terrorism .
singh is living with his mother in a slum in the state capital of bhubaneshwar .
details of why the government were concerned at cyril ramaphosa s proposed role were not immediately apparent .
geneva cnn an . carat white diamond touted by sotheby s for its size and beauty sold at auction wednesday to guess clothing company founder georges marciano for just under . million .
he s a great player and i think he would help any national team in the world , said lalas .
the sharp decline in tokyo comes as fears grow about the sustainability of any recovery in the world s second largest economy .
here s where billion of the billion bailout money is going
steve jobs , the father of the ipod , was crowned tuesday as the undisputed king of the online music revolution by u . s . music magazine blender , topping a list of the most influential people in web music .
next year will see him in co star with josh hartnett in crime thriller i come with the rain , directed by vietnamese tran anh hung who made his name on the global movie scene in with the scent of green papaya .
but the u . s . maritime administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore .
there was the celebrity , thrust into the limelight by his theories of special and general relativity , treated by the press as dignitary and spokesman .
you won t find that kind of service in london or anywhere else in europe , where hours tend to be short , lunches long , and weekends inviolable .
uefa have to take their needs into account when making a final decision on the game .
he notified dorm and school authorities , who called police .
pakistan and iran also lodged formal protests with sweden .
those who do not using the net yet wants to know what it is and how to get there .
u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies contend that if virtually unbreakable codes become widely available , their efforts to protect the public from criminal elements will be paralyzed .
london , england cnn humanitarian aid workers and united nation peacekeepers are sexually abusing small children in several war ravaged and food poor countries , a leading european charity has said .
by the time he turns friday , britain s prince charles will have spent years waiting to become king .
tokyo s nikkei index was down . percent and seoul s kospi index dipped . percent .
their stocks boomed , with market indexes setting record after record .
they are a little weak in english , but we are improving it .
the antitrust watchdog ordered the two companies that engaged in mlm without proper registration , myd and ub city one , to stop their marketing activities and submitted the cases to the prosecution .
the poll was conducted over five days april , the majority of which came after obama s now famous bitter comments first surfaced .
he gave no timetable for the shift to lethal injections , which were first introduced as a method of execution in china in .
this is a great victory for serbia s european future .
under pressure from some to withdraw from the race , clinton insists that west virginina , where only delegates are at stake , is a key state in the fight for the white house .
petraeus is expected to remain as the top u . s . officer in iraq until president bush leaves office in january almost a two year tour in a still fragile country .
ahmad said the announcement was made sunday because that was when the government s intelligence service confirmed the
national weather service forecasters say flood watches and warnings are up for a handful of oklahoma s counties .
at this point , field tests on the powder have been negative . additional tests will be completed , fbi spokesman richard kolko said in a written statement .
the un s children s agency is appealing for million to pay for emergency needs of more than million children under as well as pregnant and nursing mothers in drought affected districts .
that seems to indicate that wealthier students who can afford private schools have an advantage .
the ibm pc originated not at big blue s armonk , new york , headquarters but at its small division in boca raton , florida , which was headed by ibm veteran bill lowe .
bourdain , host of the travel channel s no reservations , finished the meal knowing he would become terribly ill .
they participated in the sordid conspiracy by actively persuading their daughters into submitting to the sexual violations , district judge shaiffudin saruwan said in the documents .
mountain expeditions in capris and bald sneakers are bound to end in disaster .
the death toll of more than , , official sources told the chinese state run news agency xinhua , makes the weekend cyclone the deadliest natural disaster to hit myanmar in recent history , according to figures compiled by a u . n . funded disaster database .
the suspect was arrested a day later .
it just seems to be an opportunity to take profits after a few positive sessions , but we don t believe the bull market is over , said thierry lacraz , a strategist at swiss private bank pictet cie .
despite its comparatively small population , new hampshire has traditionally carried an importance disproportionate to its size due to its status as the first state to go to the polls in the u . s . primary calendar .
al majid , aka chemical ali , is the cousin of former iraqi leader saddam hussein and a former senior member of the regime .
brown said he wanted to start a serious debate about the issue of organ donation , which remains contentious especially among many faith groups and patients rights bodies who argue the decision should be left to the patients and their families alone .
she then embraced her daughter maria fernanda .
the terrorists opened fire after the bombing and our guys returned fire , he said .
speaking at virginia tech , steve flaherty , superintendent of virginia state police , said he appreciated nbc s co operation , but regretted the decision to broadcast the tapes .
his attorneys have argued that hoeveler declared noriega a prisoner of war , according to the associated press .
one source called it all but a done deal that the announcement could come as early as next week .
obama currently leads clinton in delegates , to , , according to cnn estimates . obama also leads in the overall popular vote .
thaksin s party , the people power party ppp , is the largest member of the current coalition government .
bolt was away quickest but gay took him on the bend before accelerating down the straight to win with room to spare .
the united states also has been working on plans for a post castro cuba .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
benson founded benson space , based in poway , calif . , with the express aim of getting there first .
we have taken all the sampling necessary .
the united states , however , has taken in only iraqi refugees since the u . s . led invasion of iraq in .
we re expecting the unemployment rate to hit by this time next year .
they ve created a system to help consumers identify trees grown under certain environmental standards .
these two dogs , lucky and flo , have been so successful , they have attracted death threats from malaysian criminals .
maysan gov . adil muhawdar radhi announced the vehicle ban , which he said will be in place through thursday .
picking the ticks off within hours also makes them less likely to transmit the bacteria .
the law enables , foreigners , including , with taiwanese roots , to participate in voting to elect mayors , governors and council members .
on sunday , two local journalists and a washington post reporter were shot dead in an area between tikrit and kirkuk in northern iraq .
the death toll from monday s . magnitude earthquake in central china exceeded , tuesday , as soldiers apparently working without equipment used their hands to move rubble and reach victims at the epicenter .
baghdad , iraq cnn rebels from the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , will announce monday a unilateral cease fire following a deadly attack on turkish forces , a spokesman for iraqi president jalal talabani told cnn .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has declared his candidacy for the top job at the un , officials say .
sinking island nation seeks new home
the company is yet to decide whether it will set up additional plants outside india or export the finished product .
the bush administration has come under increasing pressure to show signs of progress in iraq ahead of a mid september report by crocker and gen . david petraeus , the u . s . commander in iraq .
but mccain , an arizona senator who at would be the oldest person ever elected to a first presidential term , and obama , the illinois senator who at would be one of the youngest , looked past clinton and quarreled anew over the war in iraq as it approaches its fifth anniversary .
but the sides have yet to sign the overall and implementation agreements on the relocation due to language and other technical problems .
as we look at that now in hindsight . . . we can t discount that there might be a connection , shuttle program manager ron dittemore said saturday .
french president nicolas sarkozy sent a message of condolence to his polish counterpart lech kaczynski and would meet the polish president at grenoble airport when he arrived later on sunday , the french presidency said .
she said pressure from colombian soldiers had been key to their decision , and she called on her fellow rebels to follow her example .
tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another a journey that will bring a new and better day to america , he said .
the president added that he did not have the power to fire the commissioner , but said he hoped huh would do the right thing .
president sacked brahim as his adviser in june after the then year old was arrested in a paris discotheque for possessing an illegal firearm and drugs .
the floods were the third to hit the region in three weeks .
effective cancer treatment in developing countries , experts say , depends on prevention and more data .
an army soldier , a policeman and two family members were killed in sunday s confrontation , which began with troops laying siege to a building where the gunmen had taken refugee after nighttime clashes in the area , the security officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media .
two students joined him in throwing tables against the door and wedging their weight behind them , just as the gunman cracked open the door .
the irs dropping its private collection agencies setting up its own offices to go after people who ve failed to pay their taxes .
a . d . and its history after a dispute .
india s top security official resigns .
obama has nominated former new york city health commissioner margaret hamburg to head the fda .
afghanistan s taliban has extended the saturday deadline for a deal for the release of a kidnapped french aid worker until after presidential elections on sunday in france , a spokesman said .
on wednesday , villarosa told cnn s anderson cooper the u . s . embassy was concerned over the apparent disappearance of buddhist monks .
which features a large colour display , ring tone composer and numerous games , has a built in camcorder and technology to view and send seconds of images to other mobile phones .
tips on getting even when mr . right turns out to be all wrong .
the britons are being held in an undisclosed location without access to british diplomats . sincere apologies or coerced statements ?
there were american deaths in july ,
auckland , new zealand cnn police searching for the mother of a toddler believed to have been abandoned by her father at a train station in australia found a woman s body locked in the trunk of a car at the family s new zealand home wednesday .
more than people have been killed and hundreds injured in a series of bomb attacks and shootings across iraq .
the paper said he would likely undergo an arthroscopic examination to determine the extent of the injury next week .
finally , last month , they were during a routine surgery that removes the nails and part of the bones they grow from .
national assembly sessions have been crippled since the conservative gnp began boycotting the unicameral legislature to protest the ruling party s railroading a revision of the private schools law early december .
barcelona refused to panic and grabbed a fourth almost immediately as marco caneira turned the ball into his own net under pressure .
farhan haq , a spokesman who is traveling with ban , said in an e mail that the u . n . chief said al naimi told him saudi arabia would increase oil production by , barrels a day from june to july .
the rogue church bought , acres near eldorado four years ago and built what it calls the yfz ranch .
strong winds pushed waters to a high of . meters feet inches at a . m . local time , prompting the city government to issue warnings to the public , the agency said .
attorney nico naude said the men have been described , depicted and crucified in the media as racists .
earlier in asia , japan s benchmark nikkei stock index soared . points , or . percent , to close at , . points , marking its biggest point gain in more than five years .
starbucks said it will try to place workers from closed stores in remaining starbucks .
demonstrators filled rabin square three days after an official interim report sharply criticized olmert s role in launching and running the war .
on july , the netherlands will be one of the last european countries to ban smoking in bars and restaurants in compliance with eu law .
and the government is studying a proposal that would allow cubans to travel abroad without first seeking permission .
the ministry of defense said the maneuver was part of a planned training exercise designed to help the prince learn to fly in combat situations .
besides bear stearns , a number of investment banks , including morgan stanley , citigroup and merrill lynch had sought bailout funds from global investors and sovereign wealth funds .
the committee at the ministry of national defense also revealed chun s authoritarian government set the professional qualifications for journalists as part of efforts to take control of the country s media in the s .
johnson was murdered last week .
after he was arrested , police noted that labeouf was very courteous and polite , kubiak said .
on any given day , about , items pack the four story warehouse , with , new ones trucked in every morning for an annual haul of , articles of clothing , , mobile phones , , eyeglasses and , wallets .
in his annual letter to investors , buffett admits to making some multi million dollar blunders in oil and bank stocks .
a probable scenario is for roh to renounce his party membership around the year end with uri party affiliated cabinet ministers returning to the party and the president creating a politically neutral cabinet early next year .
eleven of the arrests were in italy , in the northern cities of milan , reggio emilia , bergamo , and san remo , said . lt . col . sandro sandulli , the head of the carabinieri special forces .
first stop
it s just as freakish of an accident as i have heard , said jorge pino of the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission . the chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened .
the bomb erupted about p . m . in khalani square , a busy commercial district near a shiite mosque , the official said .
auto analyst john mcelroy says this is good news for consumers
he believed in the power of ideas , and he believed that in our system everybody should have the opportunity to move up the ladder .
his efforts to trace the foster parent by his name has also turned up nothing .
the happiness paradox
driver henri paul , who was also killed , was drunk and driving at high speed . bodyguard trevor rees jones was the sole survivor .
mokbel told greek police he had been living in greece for the last months with his girlfriend and two young children .
for example , the head of a group representing major california suppliers said the public doesn t know how to interpret the information and might be unduly alarmed .
police said they were interrogating two of the gunmen .
this study illustrates the extraordinary power of genetics to reveal insights into some of the key events in our species history , said spencer wells , national geographic society explorer in residence .
amid wednesday s market falls , there were signs that the bailout investments were working .
pierre bordry , head of the french anti doping agency afld , said he passed all the information regarding how to do cera tests to the uci at the end of august so that the world body could use the testing method at the vuelta .
the show begins at p . m . et wednesday on e !
beverly hills chihuahua barks up right tree , dominates box office
the joong ang ilbo reports that on the th anniversary of the black monday crash , the u . s . stock market gave investors a nervous weekend to anticipate the fallout from the latest wall street downturn .
recent polls show obama with a double digit lead over clinton in mississippi .
he intends to entirely rebrand this program .
the former dictator was captured january , , after holing up for days in the vatican embassy in panama city following the december , , u . s . invasion of panama .
when the entrance was discovered , the father called out and one of the girls answered , officials said .
reports said one of the wheels had come off in the incident and was about meters behind where the vehicle .
at the time , rowling had separated from her first husband and was living in a cramped apartment with her baby daughter .
the soldiers , taking cover behind concrete barriers , sent a yellow army robot to bring scissors to the teenager so he could cut off the vest .
irwin was known for his television show the crocodile hunter and his work with native australian wildlife .
bush also called for immediate approval of a plan drafted by u . n . diplomat and former finnish president martti ahtisaari that would give kosovo limited statehood under international supervision .
some international assistance is being allowed in the quake s aftermath .
in the past , rowling had singled out the web site and its editor for praise .
seoul national university professor hwang woo suk and his plus colleagues achieved their second round medical feat of cloning stem cells genetically matched to patients for the first time in history .
at least aftershocks have rattled the region since then , the largest a . .
in washington , state department spokesman tom casey said wednesday that the incident is not expected to affect u . s . relations with iran or iraq .
gul , a member of the ruling ak party and the only candidate being considered , indicated he was no longer a candidate as he left the parliament building sunday .
the un s highest court has cleared serbia of direct responsibility for genocide during the s bosnian war .
che also played sunday at havana s karl marx theater .
daimlerchrysler shares fell . , or . percent , to . friday on the new york stock exchange .
japan says the international whaling commission iwc is too concerned with conservation , and wants it to resume its initial job of regulating hunting .
in an open letter to obama , french president nicolas sarkozy said obama s election raised in france , in europe and around the world an immense hope and that the american people had expressed with force their faith in progress and the future .
we may continue to say she s innocent in the eyes of the law
no timetable was set for north korea which has a history of backpedalling on agreements to declare all of its nuclear programs and ultimately dismantle them .
banks , insurers and other financials led the rally after fed vice chairman donald kohn said renewed financial market turmoil could slow the economy more abruptly than previously thought .
since leaving chess , kasparov has become a vociferous critic of president vladimir putin s government , cobbling together a disparate coalition of nationalists , left wing activists and liberals to try to generate broad opposition .
the yen jumped to five month highs , as currency carry trades were unwound , while emerging market bonds , stocks and currencies were dumped in favor of safe haven government bonds amid worries about spreading u . s . subprime mortgage problems .
the constitutional court gave the green light thursday to a special investigation of president elect lee myung bak over his alleged involvement in a financial fraud case .
delegates to the pakistan afghanistan peace jirga will mainly discuss security , terrorism , and ways to stop the infiltration of taliban militants from tribal areas in pakistan into afghanistan and vice versa .
the systems that are built into us to find food and water are the things that were also active when he renounced the throne of england .
and at that point , it would go into what he called the secret war , the agent said , referring to the insurgency .
but that is only half the story .
i hope that my country and my party have benefited from our having made this effort . jeri and i will always be grateful for the encouragement and friendship of so many wonderful people .
firefox includes enhancements to help users organize their frequently visited web sites and block access to sites known to distribute viruses and other malicious software .
pyongyang insisted on one on one talks with washington but agreed last week to let china sit at the negotiating table .
the poll also suggests democrats are more enthusiastic about an obama victory percent than for a victory by the senator from new york percent .
researchers writing in the online journal science express estimate melting glaciers , which are located all over the globe including in the tropics , could add between and inches to world sea level this century .
president roh moo hyun is ready to hold summit with prime minister shinzo abe at any time should the new japanese prime minister demonstrate sincere attitudes toward resolving disputes between the two neighbors , a senior government official said on wednesday .
with obama running to make history , bruce springsteen sees his warm up act in cleveland , one of three cities obama s hitting here .
i am just trying to have consistent seasons with a lot of titles , as many as possible , and try to focus on the grand slams and the masters series .
although there are laws against paying for sex in a public place and persistently soliciting prostitutes .
and de jesus says that means him .
the junta cut internet access on september , two days after troops opened fire on peaceful protesters and images of the crackdown were plastered on web sites .
accidents involving toxic chemicals , nuclear power and other environmental disasters should also be communicated quickly and clearly to minimize public health threats .
another , square kilometers of reclaimed land had also turned to desert , the report said .
cnn an ohio distributor is recalling about million chinese made tire valve stems after concluding some of them were improperly made and could increase the risk of vehicle accidents .
a fall in the growth of exports due to the global economic slowdown was one of the reasons for the cooling of the chinese economy .
thanks to her american idol success , and her age , sparks fan base has a large kid contingent , but also includes the parents and grandparents who , along with their children , watched as the arizona teen went from a potential also ran to the odds on favorite to win it all .
most newer software requires cd rom , sound and video capabilities .
many of the assets that the government will be purchasing still have significant underlying value .
the f a d plane , which authorities described as disabled , was trying to land at marine corps air station miramar .
new york standing atop the empire state building and looking out on the expanse of glinting skyscrapers and miniature yellow taxicabs , lili ma had no doubt that new york was the place to be on her vacation from china .
in fact he seems to have spent the past years as a globe trotting teacher who , according to his resume , taught in south korea , europe and latin america .
clinton has faced calls to drop out of the race since she trails obama across all fronts pledged delegates , superdelegates and the popular vote .
woolmer s family said on friday they were perplexed by his murder , dismissing reports the coach was involved with match fixing or that a book he wrote was behind his death .
luisa duarte would not say why the files were being handed to the judge . the options could include authorizing further search warrants or changing the status of the girl s parents , who last week were questioned and named arguidos suspects in the case .
asked whether the world bank board would approve of zoellick , the official said , we have every confidence in that .
during kim s extended detention period , prosecutors will clarify whether grand national party gnp candidate lee is the real owner of the asset management company bbk through which the korean american kim manipulated stock prices .
the imf , in a world economic outlook released wednesday , slashed growth projections for the united states the epicenter of the woes and the global economy as a whole .
but it also created pressure cooker conditions that emphasize rote learning for standardized exams .
previously this animal had been known only by a few teeth and bones , but a skull had never been found .
surveys in so called battleground states range from obama with leads to both candidates in the toss up .
chau , also known as zhou zhengyi , was estimated by forbes to be worth us million .
however , the two planets around the star ursae majoris both travel in nearly circular orbits at a distance that , in our solar system , would place them beyond mars but within the orbit of jupiter .
cnn kevin dubrow , the lead singer of the s heavy metal band quiet riot , has died , cnn has confirmed .
in his address to the national assembly , the year old raul castro proposed that we consult fidel on important decisions .
there s always speculation , not just about me , but about the future of players all around the world , ronaldo told the club s official television station mutv .
jose luis rodriguez zapatero s ruling socialist party has won spain s general elections , with the conservative popular party pp admitting defeat .
the turmoil also has driven up prices of staple foods such as bread , maize flour and some vegetables because of roadblocks along main roads .
that s part of the combined arms package and so we would probably not do that .
the ministry plans to submit a revision bill on inheritance to the national assembly during a regular session this fall .
he also tells us how to find the cheapest and the most expensive gasoline in the country .
my speech to you is about the siege of gaza and the way to liberate it , he said .
the result leaves sevilla in th position and osasuna in th in the table .
barack obama s resuming his campaign in nevada today with rallies in reno and las vegas .
would end in defeat .
but their indifferent form counted for little as a first half strike from christian panucci and a superb double after the break from mirko vucinic sunk luiz felipe scolari s men .
of the . million people who live in kuwait , only about , are registered voters .
we once again emphasize that without japan s correct understanding of history , it is difficult to sincerely develop relations between the two countries .
later in the evening , a communications failure between multiple onboard computers put all the science instruments , including the main science computer , into safe mode .
the murder of litvinenko with a highly unstable radioactive isotope in london aroused memories of cold war espionage and has threatened to derail relations between britain and russia , now tied by billions of dollars of trade .
the coens also won best director and best adapted screenplay , and javier bardem , who played killer anton chigurh , won best supporting actor .
former president clinton on monday complained about attacks from sen . barack obama on sen . hillary clinton in the latest back and forth bickering between the two rival democratic presidential campaigns .
at east midlands airport in central england , gerry mccann said the events of the last few days had been deeply disturbing .
simpson has said he was trying to retrieve stolen items belonging to him , and denies any guns were involved .
israeli air raids have killed at least people in southern lebanon hours after israel warned that the area would come under further heavy attack .
nine south korean workers who were kidnapped by nigerian gunmen were released and are expected to arrive in seoul . we are all healthy .
brown said evidence shows lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant at the time of her disappearance , was killed on or about december , four days before she was reported missing to local law enforcement authorities .
the charges bring to the number of those accused in the march attacks that killed at least and wounded about , .
the grand national party tuesday initiated legal action against five lawmakers of the pro government uri party for alleged involvement in the illegal leak of information regarding former seoul mayor lee myung bak .
on friday , attack helicopters spotted a group of armed men trying to avoid police and sneak into the village , the statement said .
possible bulletin board material for the gators and tebow , a former heisman trophy winner .
twelve american presidents owned slaves and eight of them , starting with washington , owned slaves while they lived in the white house .
the russian jumped out to in the first set , and after losing her serve to love for in the second , broke back immediately and served out .
he earlier said an italian , nine people from bangladesh and one from india were detained but later retracted that statement .
the year old actress and singer told people magazine that she s either perceived as too fat or too thin in the media , which she says can be judgmental and mean .
in the legitimate dark corners of campus , you find a blue light once in a blue moon .
wanted and desired , reveals that a deputy district attorney at the time , david wells , engaged in unethical and unlawful conversations with the late judge lawrence rittenband .
but the automakers could be spinning their wheels .
if they bring leaders of the mujahedeen to court it will tarnish the name of jihad holy war , said bakhtar aminzai , who represents paktia province .
but we also know that a failure to act would have great consequences for jobs , for savings , and retirement for the american people .
the state of new jersey already has built some underground storage structures and plans to build more .
he helped create church web sites and radio stations , and frequently issued detailed checklists on how black clad orthodox priests should conduct themselves in public .
the transfers had been disguised as trade transactions it was not clear from the report if the money had been raised in korea or had been routed through this country in an attempt to disguise its origins .
nuclear negotiator ali larijani said iran would pursue its own path if the us and its allies want to use force .
at noon , three armed men overpowered museum guards and grabbed the works , located on the second floor , the statement added .
the commerce department this morning reports new home construction fell more than , much more than expected
the winning numbers were , plus the mega ball , .
one soldier attempted suicide several times after telling his superiors he was gay and was forced to submit photographs of himself having sex with a man to prove he was gay .
black bear encounters are rising in pennsylvania and in many other eastern states because the species is increasing in number at a time when more of their habitat is being lost to development .
they need to register themselves on the list of foreign residents kept by local governments before the elections .
he added that he remained committed to work toward a free and just malaysia .
a south korean lawmaker claims about , korean women are working as prostitutes in japan .
dozens of ethnic korean students attending pro north korean schools in japan were due to ride the ferry to the north on tuesday for field trips .
both leaders said any security council action will require the support of china and russia .
five people were killed in the disaster , and at least eight are missing thought to be trapped in submerged cars or under debris .
we are in touch with the nigerian authorities and with the child s family , said a spokeswoman for the foreign office in london .
weather forecasters are predicting a cold wave across the nation this weekend , with snow and high winds in many regions .
it aims to build parts of the system in poland and the czech republic , where us president george w bush has arrived for talks ahead of this week s g summit .
south korea s financial contribution to the stationing costs of the u . s . military on the peninsula cut down for . this year .
the two actors , who play estranged singers in the new movie soul men , were anything but estranged in real life , jackson told cnn .
but the statement hinted at tougher discussions down the road as it said north korea will strongly criticize the u . s . for creating a much more difficult situation than it did prior to the adoption of the joint statement last month .
before the vote , olmert told his cabinet sunday that two israeli soldiers ehud udi goldwasser and eldad regev are not alive , as far as we know .
a booking photo shows a cut on mccready s nose , which the arrest report said she suffered as she continued to struggle and resist arrest .
paramount and universal pictures release for hd dvd which is backed by toshiba and microsoft .
the soldiers will work across the provinces of helmand , kandahar , uruzgan , zabul and in the sparsely populated desert region of nimroz which borders eastern iran and in the mountain region of daikondi , he said .
each town has a fine th century church .
there are more than uncontacted tribes worldwide , most of them in brazil and peru , the group said in a statement .
participants were ages to at the outset .
the baking soda will pull the liquid , the bile , the acids from the accident up into it away from the carpet .
the long distance passenger bus was last seen when it stopped at a police checkpoint on tuesday , about kilometers miles from the hubei province spot where the landslide occurred .
the rapid rise in food prices could push m people in poor countries deeper into poverty , the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , has said .
the knowledge based economy ministry is planned to be established through the merger of the information communication and science technology ministries .
the game had just finished when we heard a loud bang and nobody thought anything more of it , an unnamed parent told the daily telegraph .
she spent the next years at the mercy of her captor , wolfgang priklopil , who largely confined her to a tiny underground dungeon in his home in the vienna suburb of strasshof .
the good will generated by continuous service is harder to measure than the profits .
shiga police said officials are investigating the incident as a case of suicide by hydrogen sulfide gas but could not elaborate .
and in india s case , she said , it could mean distribution begins as soon as june .
th , but it was for supporting cultural activities and enforcing the policies of the city government , a city official argued .
with the resolution of the beef issue , the u . s . can get the process started beginning in spring and get a vote ideally before the summer recess , he said .
it is expected to enact temporary traffic restrictions to ease bumper to bumper traffic and help reduce vehicle exhaust that creates the gray haze that often blankets the capital .
house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , this week urged the commission s head , nancy nord , to resign .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
a man dressed in a police uniform drove his car into the police headquarters in saddam hussein s home town of tikrit and detonated the vehicle during a change of shift , police said .
tokyo s nikkei index fell . percent and seoul s kospi index dropped . percent , while australia s all ordinaries index slipped . percent and hong kong s hang seng index fell . percent .
with about , combat troops in the northern iraqi town of irbil , south korea has been put on high alert due to repeated warnings from islamic terrorist groups .
also , some mccain advisers were concerned the relationship had become romantic , the newspaper reported .
israel says the goal of the bombardment is to stop an ongoing stream of rockets being fired from gaza into southern israel .
u . s . billionaire carl icahn sold most of his shares in kt g taking about billion won in estimated returns , ending a one year battle with the tobacco maker s management over how the company should be run .
the seoul high court made the ruling yesterday , the seoul metropolitan government said in a statement .
winter is a roarin in .
singapore s media regulator says it will fine a local radio broadcaster for holding an exploitative and inappropriate contest in which female talk show guests were asked to remove their bras on air .
the actress and her actor husband , johnathon schaech , have officially parted ways a year and a half after he filed for divorce .
during the interview , craig either disagreed with me or didn t recall the events as they happened .
the international community is with me and all the afghan people are with me .
the government also insisted that any aid that came in be distributed by their soldiers and volunteers , which went against the policy of many agencies .
stores that normally stay open beyond p . m . will resume service after the training session is finished .
the result was greeted by cheers and applause from the south korean delegation and dejection from the representatives from new delhi .
fierce winds are fanning at least fires that have razed land from santa barbara to the mexican border .
cambridge university said hawking was being treated at a hospital for complications related to a chest infection .
kentucky has adopted a method of execution believed to be the most humane available , wrote chief justice john roberts for the majority . if administered as intended , that procedure will result in a painless death .
in december , a massive earthquake struck off indonesia s sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than , people , including , people in indonesia s aceh province alone .
tonight s vice presidential debate between republican sarah palin and democrat joe biden isn t as important as you might think , says election expert alan likman .
playboy magazine issued an apology monday for the cover of its mexican edition , which features an argentine model in what many observers say is meant to be a depiction of the virgin mary .
giuliani played down the harsh words , suggesting that the times has a liberal editorial staff that often disapproved of him .
steelmaker posco declined . percent to , won , while shipbuilder hyundai heavy industries co . dropped . percent to , won .
with the help of south korean activists , lee s family traveled to seoul in .
united nations nuclear inspectors have been given the go ahead to return to north korea to begin the process of shutting down the main nuclear reactor .
so , in conjunction with our governor and with the marine corps , we did provide him with a generator so that he could keep his communications going and keep them safe .
cheers erupted as the verdict was read in the packed cape town court room , where norton family supporters wore pink in sympathy with the child victim .
clinton took percent of the white vote compared to percent for obama , according to the polls .
authorities were evacuating high rise buildings and homes that might be vulnerable to damage if there were aftershocks , but none had been reported to the usgs so far , the agency s rafael abreu told cnn .
meanwhile , against the japanese yen , the greenback slid to . from . .
the bbc reports all seven appear to be in good health .
porretti has a disorder afflicting percent of people over to some degree .
north kingstown , rhode island cnn a man has been charged with extorting more than , from his elderly mother by repeatedly threatening to kidnap her beloved cat and demanding ransom , police said .
a consortium led by royal bank of scotland has launched a . billion euro . billion bid for dutch group abn amro , trumping britain s barclays in a battle for the world s biggest bank takeover .
i ve had asthma for a few months now and i felt very bad in new york at the end of the u . s . open , so beijing , i was really concerned about that , henin said monday at the sony ericsson championships .
taxi officials say the two systems could boost ridership and drivers incomes by eliminating the need for cash , while giving drivers useful traffic tips and giving passengers a better chance of finding lost items .
a bunch of troops came out of the building , walked to the end of the road , held their rifles over their heads and cheering .
a lawyer representing hsu , james brosnahan , did not immediately return requests for comment .
the study , published in wednesday s journal of the american medical association , was funded by the maker of the drug , johnson johnson inc . s ortho mcneil neurologics .
but dark times may be a good time to start looking after a dog , says moore
however , his part in the loya jirga is ceremonial .
this will be the second meeting between u . s . ambassador ryan crocker and his iranian counterpart , hassan kazemi qomi .
but csere advised prospective smart car buyers to take a realistic look at their driving habits . i would make sure that a car this small will meet your needs , csere said .
bangkok , thailand cnn an airbus a , the world s largest passenger jet , scraped the tip of a wing on a building at bangkok s international airport saturday as it was preparing for a demonstration flight , officials of the aircraft company and thai airways said .
but google , the world leader in web search services , is the focus of mounting paranoia over the scope of its powers as it expands into new advertising formats from online video to radio and tv , while creating dozens of new internet services .
frito lay and anheuser busch had of the top ads .
the scope of the accident and limited visibility delayed rescue efforts until around noon , media reports said , when helicopters began taking the injured to hospitals .
it could take more time , but i expect the issue will come to an end sometime soon , yu said at the national assembly .
yasukuni has been a frequent flashpoint between japan and china , and lee s action threatened to inflame the issue again .
given the circumstances of the last years and our attempts to give assistance in zimbabwe , which have been thwarted and resisted , it is not possible for us to attend this summit and sit down with president mugabe , brown said in london
roh s remark comes amid fears that the alliance between the two nations has soured mainly due to the seoul government s policy toward a balancer role in northeast asia , according to the pro opposition korea times .
he will continue his recovery at home , a spokesman for new york presbyterian hospital columbia university medical centre said .
his appointment to government had marked a comeback to national politics after a period in the wilderness that followed his conviction .
daniel rubenstein , director of the department of ecology and evolutionary biology at princeton university , has been pursuing this question for years .
they then were presented with the toys to see which they would play with .
angry at bush and sensing he s vulnerable , democrats have put aside their traditional quarrels to strike a united stand for the fall campaign .
last year , fonda praised a studio executive s scolding of lohan for her absences on the set of the movie .
the survey via telephone interviews said that . percent of respondents said south korea should have a more independent approach to carry out policies toward the u . s .
the first fallout of militancy in the state was easy access to weapons .
like other skills , one s kissing technique can be improved upon .
the other measurements are the same except that it weighs just the slightest bit less . ounces versus . ounces .
new delhi , india cnn at least people have been killed in three days of riots over class discrimination in the west indian state of rajasthan .
more than a decade ago , a massive u . n . relief operation was launched for thousands of civilians left starving because of fighting in somalia .
nine bottles of wine , three sets of kitchen knives , a replica antique gun , pool cues , golf clubs and baseball bats .
as in several past stops , demonstrators protesting china s policy toward tibet turned out at the rally .
the final report on the whitewater investigation questioned the first lady s truthfulness .
cnn has honored a request from the department of homeland security not to divulge certain details about the experiment , dubbed aurora , and conducted in march at the department of energy s idaho lab .
currently all efforts are concentrated on forming a plan to rescue him from the building , allen said .
republican rudy giuliani and democrat john edwards abandoned their failing u . s . presidential bids on wednesday , narrowing the race in both parties to two main candidates ahead of next week s multi state round of voting .
the special power enables bush to send trade pacts to congress for a straight yes or no vote , excluding any amendments .
police evacuated residents for two hours .
they have a lot of know how and they have also a lot of money , the financial support that we have , and together we make things a success .
during her testimony clinton pledged to help end the war in iraq by safely withdrawing american troops and said the obama administration is not taking any option off the table at all when it comes to dealing with iran , but will pursue a new and perhaps different approach characterized by an attitude toward engagement .
michigan governor jennifer granholm was going to beg for the auto industry getting a piece of the rescue pie .
cnn a taliban commander who masterminded the july kidnapping of south korean aid workers was among militants killed by u . s . led coalition forces and afghan soldiers , according to a police official .
although some at the concert appear not to have heard bjork s protest on sunday , there was an uneasy response from other fans .
cnn the death toll rose to nine sunday in the aftermath of a series of blasts at an albanian army depot , officials said .
they do it by printing false rumors and gossip unsourced , black said .
obama is now delegates short of the , needed to clinch the democratic nomination , while clinton needs .
new hyundai earth movers , lent by the south , were doing all the work to build a cross border road that will eventually link seoul and kaesong .
the majority of these terrorists are fleeing to nearby countries , and i warned our brothers in the islamic and arab countries to be aware in order that they not harm these countries , he said .
the number of newborn babies also dropped from to , from , .
the mosque raid is ongoing and is expected to continue into the night , arshad said .
we were still sleeping when the accident occurred , she said . i suddenly woke up when i felt the train stopped with a jolt . in a minute or two it started again , but soon toppled .
he has already been tried in absentia in france .
the first phase of north korea s disarmament process under the february six party deal calls on north korea to shut down its main nuclear reactor and allow u . n . inspectors back into the country within days .
they include heart disease , stroke , diabetes , bone loss , arthritis and depression .
ahead of his arrival , the pakistani government arrested at least , sharif supporters , including members of parliament , police sources said . most of those arrested were in punjab province , a stronghold of support for sharif , police sources said . also arrested early monday were pakistan muslim league chairman zafar ul haq and acting president jawaid hashmi .
it was a great deal of form without any relationship to the function or the process , said ron shiffman , a professor of architecture at the pratt institute .
if we had almost a foot of sea level rise just due to the small glaciers , add that to the amount due to the ice sheets , which could be appreciable by , and add to that the ocean warming which will cause it to expand in volume , then we get a rise that we can t ignore , meier said in a telephone interview .
ex reserve soldiers are now part of the battle as well , thousands more joining it , and israeli air force pilots continuing to attack locations and targets in gaza .
musharraf who seized power in a military coup , has been a key ally in washington s so called war on terror and has received about billion in aid since .
we have no choice but to use force , which we always maintained as a last option .
scores of protesters chanted go musharraf !
after the day period , the national assembly decides whether to allow an extension of the state of emergency . earlier thursday , french
haiti posted tropical storm warnings along its entire coastline and cuba placed much of its eastern end under similar advisories sunday as tropical storm noel gained strength in the caribbean sea , forecasters reported .
we get this chain reaction in happiness that i think increases the stakes in terms of us trying to shape our own moods to make sure we have a positive impact on people we know and love , he said .
president clinton saturday suggested a clinton obama ticket would be unstoppable .
craig told police that he had reached down to the floor to pick up a piece of paper , the officer wrote .
although the obama campaign predicted victory in wyoming weeks ago , we worked hard to present sen . clinton s vision to the caucus goers , and we thank them for turning out today .
iran can now produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale , president ahmadinejad has announced , in a move likely to further strain tensions with the west .
johnson performed the same role in and for then democratic presidential nominees john kerry and walter mondale .
the state department said lashkar e tayyiba has several thousand members in the pakistan controlled part of kashmir and called it one of the three largest and best trained groups fighting against india .
with tension mounting between korea and japan over another distorted history textbook , a government task force will take up the long running dispute here tomorrow .
kerry said he was stirred by the way obama eloquently reminded us of the fact that our true genius is faith in simple dreams and insistence on small miracles .
the attacker was killed by an off duty israeli soldier .
the incident forced the closure of one northbound lane of the bridge .
khalid , a pakistani national better known as ksm , has said he planned every aspect of the september attacks .
he was in the northeastern city of sulaimaniya when he fell ill and was advised by his doctors to go to the jordanian capital for further medical tests , deputy iraqi prime minister barham salih told cnn .
the election commission is expected to look into fraud and irregularities cases on tuesday .
two more bodies have been found in the mississippi river in minneapolis where an interstate highway bridge collapsed on august st .
but outside a pittsburgh campaign event tuesday , a reporter asked clinton what he had meant when you said the obama campaign was playing the race card on you ?
her husband pulled a gun and killed the other man with a shot to the head .
how many jobs are at stake ?
there are other things out there in the universe , said john turner , , who was working the desk of the international ufo museum and research center on roswell s north main street when i visited .
go for walks in daytime and get plenty of sunlight
united states is willing to open an office in pyongyang conditionally .
although argentina had more possession , daniel alves added a third as argentina coach alfio basile , who won the and tournaments in a previous stint , lost a copa america match for the first time in a run spanning games .
police cordoned off the student west ambler johnston dorm and all residents were told about the shooting as police looked for witnesses , steger said .
the spaniard s absence should boost the chances of federer of winning his fifth masters cup , following his triumphs in , , and .
palmer and acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on july . police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication .
tourism s high seasons are december to march and then july to september .
three soldiers died tuesday southeast of baghdad when a roadside bomb struck a u . s . military patrol .
carbon sciences believe they have made a breakthrough with their technology , which they say can transform co back into basic fuel building blocks efficiently .
cnn the parents of missing four year old madeleine mccann will not use public donations raised to help find the little girl to fund their legal battle , a spokesman for the parents has said .
the kennel club is revising standards for a total of breeds to ensure that all dogs are healthy , of good temperament and fit for their original function .
korean ambassador kang sung zu told the pashtun tribal leaders from nangarhar province that korea will not let any more of its citizens or aid organizations enter afghanistan and aid organizations that are currently in the country would leave within a month , afghan tv station tolo reported .
the blowup could prove an embarrassment for prime minister junichiro koizumi s government ahead of the aug .
it was not immediately clear how many of the million venezuelans eligible to vote actually did so , but the president of the national electoral counsel , tibisay lucena , said the process shows the entire world that we are a democratic country .
the sources refused to speak on the record due to the ongoing investigation and also because it is a sensitive matter involving presidential politics .
the wave of selling continued in asia , with japanese stocks down more than percent on wednesday . watch how bad loans in u . s . affected global markets
asked tuesday about the summit , mugabe told portugal s national news agency lusa during a visit to mozambique yes , i m going .
the idea is that employees can share videos amongst themselves in a secure setting .
simpson , , was arrested sunday .
correspondent julie walk here is live with the new york stock exchange .
the royal swedish academy of sciences praised krugman for formulating a new theory to answer questions about free trade .
the year old spaniard , who had won four tournaments already this year , started well but just seemed to run out of steam after federer had levelled the match .
then two officers came out of the brush over there , he told the oklahoman . they didn t tell us they were the ones who had been shooting or that they had shot him . they didn t admit a doggone thing .
recent reports suggest the funds will eventually end up in a north korean bank account in russia , after moscow signaled earlier this week that it would help resolve the row .
the contract for march delivery of light sweet crude , which was expiring later wednesday , rose cents to settle at a record . on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising as high as . , a new trading record .
the number of entries isn t the only thing complicating the panel s task .
the parole board currently supervises about , paroled sex offenders whose sentencing guidelines call for lifetime supervision regardless of whether their offenses involved the internet .
yeltsin favored privatization but sweeping corruption put the vast majority of wealth in the hands of a few individuals who wielded enormous political power .
the governor will fly over the area thursday with president bush , who signed a major disaster declaration wednesday .
a criminal investigation began in june into the killing of the family of four in their home in mahmudiya , south of baghdad , in march .
the korea times reports president roh moo hyun on tuesday renewed his determination to overcome the nation s regionalism , telling ruling uri party lawmakers that the challenge is the last goal of his decades long political life .
officials from both governments and civic delegations from the north and south , as well as overseas koreans , gathered in the morning at changchung gymnasium for the official ceremony to mark the anniversary .
the government has pledged to further ease rules on investment in overseas securities and real estate to boost capital outflow from the country .
all of those things put together do cause us to be concerned going into the summer but we do not have any specific information about a particular attack at this point .
about . bn has been spent by the us since on iraqi security forces .
most countries with a local autonomy system have a similar recall system .
i do appeal to the hamas movement and the british government not not to resort to the tactics of force in an effort to end this , johnston said in the video clip , which was posted on islamic militant web sites .
advocates for those suffering from a host of diseases
twenty feet tall and weighing three tons , this single work is considered the gateway to the italian renaissance , an upheaval so fundamental to how we see our world and think of ourselves that centuries later no western culture is left untouched by it .
san francisco , california reuters sony has cut the price of the playstation by , or percent , in the united states , a move that should boost the video game console s lackluster sales .
gesshinkyo serves a modern version of the style .
but it can be fixed , he said .
priced at , trism earned demeter , in profits the first two months .
oklahoma city bomber convicted for murders .
the typical american house is now worth what it was back in early .
what have you done during the past five years ?
they ve got to vote for whoever they think is awesome .
the national weather service has suggested that we can expect a flood somewhere between and feet .
with one s mind firmly made
the government is determined that the security arrangements allow for elections to take place across the whole country , and that all iraqi citizens can vote , prime minister iyad allawi said in a statement after officials set the date sunday .
daylight time starts this weekend .
human rights activists and many politicians abroad have criticised chinese policy in tibet .
to run on percent biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil , clarence house said .
putin was top of united russia s list of candidates , guaranteeing him a parliamentary seat and allowing him to extend his influence when his presidential term ends in , perhaps as prime minister .
hubble team members are combing through data to try to understand the anomalies and come up with a troubleshooting plan , according to hubble program manager art whipple .
there was arthur lee on the stage , wearing these boots , not laced , the tongues of the boots hanging out , with prismatic eyeglasses .
the korea times reports to implement the plan , the ministry will set up two more specialized schools and institutions specially designed for gifted students .
during the session , the panel members only repeated questions already raised by the media and the political circles , and failed to press their arguments tenaciously .
in pakistan , police say a crowd protesting against the israeli attacks tried to attack the us consulate building in karachi .
the two agencies also echo what experts have said before that female suicide bombers may have an advantage over their male counterparts in accessing targets .
the union said that its affiliated workers approved a strike vote by percent monday and more than members occupied the bank s lobby , beginning at p . m .
in return , it will get , tons of fuel oil or financial aid of an equal amount .
the work , preparation to escape to egypt , was painted by an unknown artist close to venetian painter carlo saraceni between and , the auction house said monday night .
it was the first time a chamber of parliament has passed such a censure in the country s post war history . the motion is non binding and largely symbolic .
a family spokeswoman told the agency i have spoken with her children and they do not want to say anything and aggravate the situation over there .
the foreign population now exceeds more than one percent of the whole population .
u . s president george w . bush may stay on the u . s . aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk .
the leaders agreed to talk with militants .
the us had previously favoured a controversial plan to build a new base on a nearby coral reef .
according to the list , more than percent of korean hospitals and clinics prescribed antibiotics to their patients for common conditions such as cold , coughs and sore throats .
yang will step down when a replacement is selected .
a female security guard , who was part of a beefed up security detail in response to the earlier shooting at the missionary center , shot and killed the gunman .
two men among the group of south koreans kidnapped on july have already been killed .
it is the first time china has admitted injuring anyone since anti chinese protests in tibet began last week .
one thing is certain , the world has consumed more than it has produced over the last three years , he said .
beijing allows urban dwellers to have one child , while villagers can have two if the first child is a girl .
in public statements , u . s . officials have expressed concern about the ease with which people can enter the united states through europe because of a program that allows most europeans to enter without visas .
stock prices tumbled in a broad selloff as accounting scandals and poor prospects for earnings growth drove the s p and the nasdaq composite to their lowest levels in five years .
the u . n . and asean monday announced a joint international pledging conference , to take place sunday in yangon , myanmar s main city .
the indictment accuses masri of trying to help al qaeda set up a terrorist training camp in oregon in late to early .
the plant produces a chemical called resorcinol essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry .
solomon s many , many , many wives ?
it said the price rise also would apply to aviation fuel .
it was the fifth defeat in six matches for valencia and equaled their worst ever home defeat dating back to the season .
but in saturday s poll , clinton and obama were tied on that measure , and now obama has a percent to percent edge over clinton on electability .
support for former sen . john edwards , who edged out clinton for second place in iowa , dropped from percent in saturday s poll to percent .
new international civilian presence in kosovo would require approval from the u . n . security council , where russia has a permanent seat .
the journey from boy or girl to killing machine follows a horrifying route of indoctrination , including being forced to execute friends and family , international organizations report .
after serving the people of illinois in the united states senate
outnumbering protesters three to one , hundreds of pakistani security force members , some dressed in riot gear , stood behind barbed wire and concrete blocks that blocked off one of the roads leading to chaudhry s house .
a gunman killing at least people and himself .
on monday , federal officials met with rio de janeiro gov . sergio cabral to discuss deploying the army to fight violence in the city , which is to host the pan american games in july .
tarbell described the chemical as fuming sulfuric acid , which is also known as oleum .
the north and south korean delegations were having an official dinner tuesday evening before the formal start of talks wednesday , the south s unification ministry said .
if the duel on may pits sarkozy against
the majority of these children trade sex for money or for more expensive clothes or other consumer goods , estes said .
it may give you the code to unlock the phone . otherwise , an independent cell phone store may be able to do it for a fee .
former president kim dae jung on thursday urged north korea and the united states to engage in direct talks , saying the standoff over pyongyang s nuclear weapons programs is entering a very ominous stage .
ford , who has an undergraduate degree in computer science and is pursuing a master s in business management , has spoken to several sororities , but so far none has committed to the project .
as well as leading unfashionable napoli to two italian league titles and breaking the world record transfer fee when he joined barcelona in , maradona went on to become regarded as perhaps the greatest footballer who ever played the game .
edwards vowed last week to stay in the race until tuesday , when almost half the u . s . states vote on candidates for the november election .
in washington , bush said on wednesday that the disarmament pact was a good first step .
the count of homeless people in seoul rose .
cape canaveral , florida cnn nasa has delayed next week s launch of space shuttle endeavour by one day because of unexpected work to fix a leak in the crew cabin , officials said friday .
sovereign exits korea with profit of billion won .
because of a recent spike in kidnappings of foreigners including an attempt against a danish citizen wednesday afghan police announced that foreigners were no longer allowed to leave the afghan capital without their permission .
google inc shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday , rising sharply to after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions .
jitters about record high fuel and energy prices particularly in the u . s . , which has just started its summer driving season have helped to pull oil off the . a barrel trading record hit may .
rita foley , washington
london , england cnn britain s ministry of defense has released files on ufo sightings dating back to the s , including witness accounts and the government s response .
the gray , grainy footage shows a man talking to the camera and then a woman wearing a white head scarf also speaking , but al arabiya did not broadcast their voices .
peter goodwin , curator of hms victory at portsmouth , on england s south coast , said
this is the world s big story , said jeffrey sachs , director of columbia university s earth institute .
iraqi interior ministry spokesman brig . gen . abdul kareem khalaf said unity s four vehicles were driving from the outer karrada area toward the national theater in central baghdad .
police also arrested lo piccolo s son sandro another alleged top mafia figure sentenced to life in prison and wanted since as well as two men accused of being local bosses , officials in palermo said .
well , you won t be able to buy ivory products on ebay anymore .
the year old beat second place finisher oussama mellouli of tunisia .
prince harry walked off an raf transport plane , along with several dozen other british soldiers , at a . m . saturday .
in a newly released videotaped message similar to a fireside chat , al qaeda s second in command issues advice and directives for the muslim world , terrorism expert laura mansfield said wednesday .
the ac milan striker told police he offered to pay the transvestites anyway , but before he left one of them allegedly asked for , to hide the story from the media .
i always make promises i m going to quit
bhutto s return angered some sectors in pakistan because she was a female head of state who is perceived as being aligned with the united states .
some want conditions added to it , others don t want the government to get involved at all .
and go outside as often as you can during the day , says scott campbell , ph . d . , director of the human chronobiology laboratory at new york .
the north may also have lost patience with efforts by foreign agencies to monitor deliveries of food .
the minister s opponents are calling for an exhaustive investigation ahead of the october presidential election .
the train carrying the secretive leader passed through the town of dandong on the chinese border before dawn amid tight security , the reports said .
a village committee met to decide his fate and zahid was dragged out of his house and executed in front of a crowd of between to , north and south korea are once again embroiled in a bitter row , with pongyang accusing seoul of infiltrating two warships into north korea s waters .
the courjaults , who have two other children , had until wednesday maintained their innocence .
islamabad , pakistan cnn at least people were killed and others were wounded tuesday in three suicide bombings in the eastern pakistani city of lahore , a high ranking police official told cnn .
it is the first time that ban will have such an event with top envoys from a certain region since coming into office in mid january and , officials say , it shows the special care he is taking for the areas .
the insurgents have not announced their goals , but are believed to be fighting for a separate state imbued with radical islamic ideology .
it was degrees outside , but only one of the kids wore socks foot sweat is a boon , not a bane , in this game .
hu said both countries agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the korean peninsula and . . . to peacefully resolve the situation on the korean peninsula .
how did you like working in your hometown ?
henin took the opener after minutes on her third opportunity as knapp put an approach into the net .
statue stolen from madoff found with message
both candidates are in ohio today . mccain , before a crowd in cleveland , argues that obama s economic plans will not succeed .
seoul mayor oh se hoon said wednesday that the launch of the center will make seoul a truly global city . named the seoul global center , it began initial services on jan .
but if i look at what we had
widespread acceleration of tidewater glaciers on the antarctic peninsula concluded that floating tide water glaciers on the peninsula are losing ice faster and making a greater contribution to global sea level rise than was previously thought .
more than trade unionists have been killed in colombia since , according to the government .
i made a mess of it there on , woods told reporters , referring to his third and final bogey of the day . woody was playing well and ernie els was making a move and i just knew i needed somehow to bear down .
the executive director of the global fund to fight aids said that the epidemic in india is spreading rapidly and nothing is being done to stop it .
i am hopeful that this government will maintain the political peace in pakistan , and will maintain the fast pace of pakistan s socio economic development .
the apollo mission qualified the spacecraft for later moon missions .
but texas also has a strong african american population , and obama has dominated the black vote so far this year .
cnn in a letter written saturday to former cia director george tenet , six former cia officers described their former boss as the alberto gonzales of the intelligence community , and called his book an admission of failed leadership .
a u . s . military source said the bombs killed iraqi police officers , one iraqi soldier and two civilians .
with the reputation and credibility of the united states on the line , the controversy was inflamed by graphic new pictures .
i didn t expect to be two seconds under my world record tonight , said the year old from michigan .
the air is thin .
the sales increase came on lower house prices , suggesting to some economists that prices have now fallen far enough to lure some buyers into the market .
i had nothing to lose .
it won t renew the work permits of unskilled workers after five years . skilled workers will have up to years .
the actress earned a lead actress nomination for revolutionary road and a supporting nod for the reader .
the white house said tuesday that north korea s kim jong il is engaging in more bluster by criticizing george w . bush as a leader who is fomenting world unrest .
kim also hinted at the possibility that the two countries may fail to meet the apparent deadline of march u . s .
in the worst incident , at least people were killed and some injured when a car bomb exploded in baghdad s mainly shia district of kadhimiya .
acting president goh kun said wednesday that south korea will push ahead with its troops dispatch .
following further demands for increased thrust from the autothrottle , and subsequently the flight crew moving the throttle levers , the engines similarly failed to respond .
just press the big red button .
chad s president declared a nationwide state of emergency thursday , telling citizens that tightened controls are needed to restore order after recent rebel attacks .
most problem onliners spend their time in chat rooms , e mailing or otherwise communicating .
obama held a slight lead in california , the biggest prize of all where clinton once led handily , and was virtually tied with clinton in new jersey and missouri three of the states voting on super tuesday
astronaut teachers to inspire next generation
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has admitted the ruling coalition faces an uphill battle to win over the public before elections later this month .
women have jumped ahead of men for the first time in using the internet to do their holiday shopping , according to a study released tuesday .
the bomb , which injured others , apparently was in a rickshaw that was being examined at a police checkpoint around a . m . local time in the town of bannu , said police officer habib khan .
separately , local authorities in sichuan said people involved in earlier protests in aba county had given themselves up .
we have signs both in english and thai warning tourists not to go into the cave during heavy rains , he said .
the seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison but she also was sentenced to lashes and six months in prison for having violated the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man .
british prime minister tony blair and italian prime minister romano prodi , both center left politicians , also offered their best wishes .
the united states on saturday emphasized the carrots it has to offer if north korea abandons the pursuit of nuclear weapons rather than the sticks it has often brandished .
its traders were the first koreans to practice bookkeeping .
hong kong developed an action plan after a deadly outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome sars five years ago .
for me to win this year is fantastic , it s really made my year absolutely .
margeson , an artist from marietta , georgia , is learning how a health care robot dubbed el e pronounced ellie can help her accomplish some simple household tasks .
a third candidate , jana bobosikova , was nominated by the communist party but dropped out of the race shortly before the voting began , citing lack of support .
hanaro needs to repay a billion won debt in the second half .
overworked , stressed out over his whitening hair , battling to maintain inventory , and squaring off against an efficiency expert who wants to downsize st . nick out of a job .
about , people , the majority of them ethnic rapanui , live on square mile easter island .
one of the most influential figures in the world economy , former us central bank chairman alan greenspan , has warned that the good times are over for the world economy .
talat hussain , executive director of news and current affairs for aaj tv , said pakistani president pervez musharraf disapproved of the journalists .
william said the concert was a chance for people to remember all the good things about her because she s not here to defend herself when she gets criticized .
it has also endured misery .
the two were in baghdad following their release .
he remained jailed tuesday .
voters view mccain s and obama s main rivals for their respective parties nominations republican mitt romney and democrat sen . hillary clinton very differently .
two years ago , a cow gave birth to an endangered cloned wild ox named noah .
loginova died on the scene from serious cranial injuries .
they found mickey mantle outrunning the wind in northeast oklahoma .
the russian president told the group of around chief executives attending the st petersburg international economic forum not to worry about political developments .
lifting the drilling ban gives considerable momentum to the underlying bill which includes the pentagon budget , billion in aid for flood and hurricane victims , and billion in loans for detroit auto makers .
it was not immediately clear whether the blast was caused by an israeli airstrike or a bomb in the car .
darling made his announcement shortly before markets opened in britain . london s ftse opened down . percent .
the joong ang ilbo reports after six years of planning and another nine months in delays , the korean government will begin construction in may of a . kilometer bridge that will connect incheon international airport on yeongjong island to songdo , a massive piece of reclaimed land that the korean government hopes will serve as the foundation for a financial and transportation nexus for northeast asia .
prime minister yasuo fukuda deplored as unforgivable the allegations against hadnott .
what we re trying to do here is provide some long term predictability to our soldiers and their families , gates told reporters at the pentagon .
the dow off a points .
beckham , , will return to the los angeles galaxy after his stint with ac milan , his agent , simon olivera told cnn .
amazon . com is expected to unveil a new kindle electronic book device with a bigger screen today .
the death in the city of kanazawa , northeast of tokyo , is the latest in a spate of suicides where people have mixed detergent and other chemicals and inhaled the resulting toxic hydrogen sulfide gas .
gambari plans to conclude his visit with myanmar s leader senior general than shwe , the united nations said .
men who ran for an hour or more weekly at mph or more were percent less likely to develop heart disease than non runners .
so if you have superiority in technical intelligence , please share that with us .
obama currently leads in the delegate count and the popular vote and has won more states .
the recall is among a series of recent problems involving imports from china .
bush began his speech at the annual convention for the veterans of foreign wars vfw group , in kansas city , by flagging up us successes in staying the distance in other conflicts particularly in turning japan from an enemy into a key ally .
here in america , the administration s been resisting a new stimulus plan .
next december , the korean government plans to adopt a strengthened personal identity authentication system for internet banking called the one time password otp formula .
sandra andersen only knew ausnes as her upbeat morning customer who always ordered a short cup of coffee .
questions about how to handle the current financial turmoil are expected tonight as john mccain and barack obama meet in their second debate .
but the oecd says it is premature to say the us is in recession .
obama made his second visit to new hampshire on monday , following his speech saturday announcing his candidacy in illinois on saturday and a visit to first caucus state iowa .
robbie keane scored the only goal at the madejski stadium after minutes to put tottenham into the next round at the expense of reading .
right at midnight , the ball drops and then we drop two tons of confetti .
beijing , china cnn the world s tallest man married a woman who s two thirds his height and half his age , holding a traditional mongolian ceremony thursday with great fanfare at the tomb of kublai khan .
a month long search for the plane was unsuccessful .
the indian countryside .
authorities say the overabundant kangaroos are crowding out other native species , but many animal rights activists are against the killing of australia s beloved national symbol .
champions france were unceremoniously dumped out of the world cup , to finish bottom of their group it was a humiliating end to france s reign in a campaign dogged by injury .
currently , most korean web portal sites allow users to sign up for services only after the input of resident registration numbers , the rough equivalent of social security numbers in the united states .
former treasury secretary larry summer says this is just what s making the current u . s . economic crisis worse , than the one that caused the stock market crash of .
sony s comedy superbad , the no . movie the previous two weekends , slipped to second place with . million .
the zink technology , which uses heat to activate minuscule dye crystals embedded in the photo paper , won raves at the influential demo conference a year ago .
police there say the year old suspect illegally treated hundreds of patients in his home .
she s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing
he is accused of taking part in a raid on a sports memorabilia dealer at a hotel room in the palace station casino last thursday .
the new system is expected to replace most analog broadcasting within six years .
lafave was also required to register as a sex offender and abide by numerous conditions .
the show is produced in chicago .
unfortunately for hughes , the incident was recorded on a video camera that the cousins had set up to film themselves in a light saber battle .
gazprom cuts off ukraine s gas supply
citibank s labor union staged a strike .
the korea times reports korea express has tentatively agreed with the libyan government to complete the great man made river gmr project after the libyan government promised to waive much of the firm s obligation for debts and payment guarantees resulting from a breach of contract by its parent company , dong ah construction industrial .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the metropolitan police investigated after receiving a copy of the video from the sun .
they apparently rode japan s bullet train to kumamoto , but it was unclear where they lived .
and six years ago , colombia made the decision to overcome terrorism totally terrorism that assassinates pregnant women , mutilates little girls , kidnaps people , places car bombs .
and to all nations , we will speak for the values that gave our nation birth .
they look at this as a window into new york city , he said .
as recently as thursday , a report drawn up by international atomic energy agency chief mohamed elbaradei , put the number of centrifuges enriching uranium at closer to , at its vast underground hall at natanz .
she was convicted of voluntary manslaughter , but served only five months in jail , followed by two months in a mental health treatment facility .
if you still have forever stamps you bought for cents , they re still good , but anyone buying them now will pay the new rate .
the text , the result of strenuous negotiations between who member states , is written in very general terms without defining what a fair distribution of vaccines or timely sample sharing actually means .
he then delivered a keynote speech at the korea society s annual dinner in manhattan .
if wentworth and her husband , george stephanopolous , were fighting , would they go on the show ?
both obama and the other remaining democrat , sen . hillary clinton , had sought edwards blessing .
it s by miles , with , residents , deer , seven pastors , no crosswalks , three police officers and a pervasive passion for the environment .
coroner lyell cook determined that the girls drowned and ruled the deaths accidental .
obama appears to have won that argument .
how to walk , climb stairs and recognize voices .
you can still take your child to a local hospital and you should in case of an emergency
the resolution stated that the attorney general no longer holds the confidence of the senate and of the american people .
when used as directed , and most parents are using them appropriately , she said .
the man s brother , who lives with him , said he suffers from prader willi syndrome .
each is battling a common foe
a representative of the afghan government mediating the negotiations with the kidnappers was quoted as saying that the group is asking for , in return for arranging direct contact with the hostages .
the situation on the border is very tense , the lebanese sources said .
due to deliver her second child with husband and oscar winner michael douglas in a few weeks , zeta jones joined co star and fellow supporting actress nominee queen latifah in the oscar performance of i move on , the best song nominee from chicago .
the local gannan authorities told xinhua that conditions had now returned to normal .
chen guangcheng was sentenced to four years and three months for damaging property and organizing a mob to disturb traffic , state media said .
sudan s army had provided air and ground support for the raids which resulted in civilian deaths .
the failure of the pro thaksin people s power party to capture an absolute majority in the seat lower house of parliament opens the way for his opponents to form a government despite the ppp s substantial mandate .
bush then called on the israeli and palestinian foreign ministers to huddle with secretary of state condoleezza rice and come up with a statement , which they did as the three leaders met separately , the official said .
a long term economic forecast issued yesterday by a state run think tank paints a gloomy outlook for south korea .
but army officials have already said they need to pull out many of those troops by next summer because the military is so stretched right now .
the day started with the announcement by the german federation of patrik sinkewitz s positive test for elevated levels of testosterone .
but sherrie rosenblatt with the national turkey federation , says turkey producers are very careful about the way their birds are handled .
this is probably her last opportunity to change the momentum in the campaign , cnn senior political analyst bill schneider said .
the tour is dead , read the headline in liberation as the french newspaper said it would no longer publish the daily stage results ahead of sunday s finish in paris .
s initiative toward satellite based mobile broadcasting has suffered another setback , with the country s broadcast regulator blocking the airing of terrestrial televised content on wireless receivers .
this is a bipartisan authorization for this investigation
airlines in , triggering a local airfare war .
for each of the past years , steffen has spent one month at a remote research site called swiss camp , located miles north of the arctic circle in greenland .
state officials said motorists who try to take alternate routes monday instead of relying on public transportation would face nightmarish commutes .
tony snow , a white house spokesman , said he did not think wolfowitz s actions warranted his resignation , according to an ap report .
but of the couple s year old daughter abhi , i didn t know how to tell her .
the nation s biggest portal , daum communications thursday , said it had shut down five overly pro japanese online communities .
the company is taking all necessary measures to guarantee the continuation of the normal gas output , the company said .
north korea may want to avoid all talks and contact with south korea until the inauguration of the new president , said a unification ministry official who declined to be named .
we want to turn that around . we want them to go to space , said wright , who is also chairman of the united states rocket academy .
u . s . officials have accused iran of interfering in the u . s . led war in iraq by supplying shiite muslim militias with weaponry and training , fueling the sectarian warfare u . s . and iraqi troops are trying to curtail .
sharm el sheikh , egypt cnn president bush sunday called on the leaders of middle east nations to build on the momentum of the hopeful beginnings of democracy in the region that he said were exemplified by turkey , egypt , afghanistan , and iraq .
e mail and pen and paper neither has greater communication bandwidth than the other , said charles naquin of depaul university , one of the co authors . yet we still see a dramatic difference .
the interior ministry said the dead and injured included
we condemn the release of videos such as this , which are greatly distressing to the families of those involved .
security eased in the largest city of yangon more than a week after soldiers and police opened fire on demonstrators .
he was a new zealander who had what we liked to think , was the best new zealand virtues and , look at that , he was internationally admired .
the bodies of , people , most of whom died violently , have been received by baghdad s main mortuary so far this year , health ministry figures show .
mbc made an official apology for bribery scandal .
he initially maintained his right to silence but later admitted that he committed the crime , the police said .
for one thing , he believes human ancestors gave up much of this skill over evolutionary time to make room in the brain for gaining language abilities .
the statement from north korea s official news agency marked the third straight day of bellicose rhetoric from the north , which is angry over the harsher line the south s new president has taken against the country since assuming office last month .
the united states has accused pakistan of allowing al qaeda and the taliban to have free rein in the region after it pulled out some of its forces in a deal with pro taliban tribal chiefs last year .
there is no doubt that the pain is felt by all the outrage is natural , he said in remarks at the start of the weekly cabinet meeting sunday .
seoul officials have been quick to deny persistent media reports .
they subsequently killed two male hostages , and freed two women .
in a nearly direct exchange with mcnamee , clemens told the house panel that mcnamee injected him with vitamin b on three occasions , but never with steroids or other illegal substances .
both tom cruise and robert downey jr . earned supporting actor nominations for tropic thunder , but the film itself couldn t find its way onto the best comedy or musical list .
an elected parliament has convened in thailand for the first time since the military illegally seized power in a coup in september .
richardson , who abandoned his presidential bid january , endorsed obama on friday as the democratic nominee .
nasa engineers are focusing their attention on a gap about inches by inches that was discovered after friday s launch from kennedy space center .
we re learning more of them this morning .
amy lago , comics editor of the washington post writers group , said breathed will pursue other interests , such as writing books and screenplays .
the division between religion and the state was being threatened by centers of evil .
who s married to coldplay singer chris martin
it s quite irresponsible , but antinori is a man from whom we expect this kind of behaviour .
the attacks began monday , when the monkey bit women as they put out garbage or left home for work .
this question isn t an excuse to beg for a compliment it s an opportunity to show the boss you want to steer your own career .
hillary ain t never been called a nigger ! hillary has never had her people defined as a non person .
loud music as the nypd pipe drum band played in the parade , chase celebrated his th birthday by giving away , in cash to skid row in new york .
rescuers carried the girl on a stretcher for three and a half hours in torrential rain over rugged terrain to a helicopter .
people need to move around , find ways in which they can get physical exercise and that combination of exercise and diet s what will ultimately produce health and prevent disease .
sandy kozel , the associated press .
israeli airstrikes and ground battles with palestinian militants on wednesday left dead , most of them palestinians , according to palestinian security sources .
the president has said that he will now step down as a head of the army .
tibet is a thorny issue between the two nations , but japan has indicated it is encouraged by weekend talks between chinese officials and envoys of the dalai lama . protesters said those talks are not enough and urged stronger action .
it comes from the mother of the only other set of octuplets delivered alive in the us .
white house spokesman dana perino said wednesday that president bush was disappointed opec didn t do more to rein in prices , which some say are pushing the u . s . economy into recession .
i will not be an automatic th vote .
six other candidates vying for the seat in hong kong made vacant when a lawmaker died earlier this year received percent or less each , according to the electoral officials .
obese people were percent more likely if they had a low belly measurement , but more than three times as likely if they had a high measurement .
donald trump is holding a news conference to announce a decision on carrie prejean s future as the title holder .
a police source told a reporter that a total of eight mortars had been fired into the mainly shiite area of doura .
we pointed out to the office in charge of managing government buildings that it may be against regulations for reporters to work in ministry lobbies and rest areas , and that is why the office cut the power , yonhap quoted an official at the government information agency as saying .
from private talks between george bush and uk pm tony blair , the memo makes it clear the us was determined to go to war whether or not he had un backing .
the infected person showed a high fever , breathing difficulties and signs of pneumonia , which qualifies him as a probable sars patient , said kim moon shik , head of the national institute of health .
while the colorado researcher didn t know if the study participants were smokers or non smokers , the cdc s editorial points out that the new study adds to research from eight other studies , which also saw a drop in heart attack related hospitalizations after smoke free laws are enforced .
until now , this type of behavior had only been shown in humans or chimpanzees , but researchers suspected that other species that live together could be sensitive to fair play
and washington , d . c . in december .
el tirawi , a member of palestinian authority president abbas fatah party , was arrested at the balata refugee camp in nablus , the sources said . the year old lawmaker
london , england cnn european and asian stock markets rallied wednesday in the wake of wall street s surge spurred by the u . s . federal reserve s larger than expected interest rate cut .
a source suggested senator s support for obama will be a big boost because kerry remains one of the most popular figures in the democratic party and has an e mail list with millions of addresses .
among the photos they sent to the news media is one of officer derek dutra examining the piano in the woods .
the boy , known as emmanuel , has been at the center of a hostage drama that raised hopes the revolutionary armed forces of colombia would liberate some of their hostages .
both sides are currently in the final stages of deciding on a venue for the negotiations where senior working level officials are expected to meet , the official said .
traditional chinese medicines often rely on specific body parts from certain kinds of animals to treat common physical ailments , such as erectile dysfunction .
civilians helped coalition and iraqi forces conduct a massive raid on an al qaeda hideout in the town of sherween , leaving suspected terrorists dead and more in coalition custody , the u . s . military said wednesday .
he is a very fertile stud tiger , one of the finer tigers here , said david chen , director of the suzhou reserve , which is home to of the striped cats .
royal has repeatedly said iran should be prevented from having access to civilian nuclear technology because of fears it is secretly developing nuclear weapons , a charge tehran denies . her position goes well
he was charged with securities fraud and is under house arrest in new york while awaiting court proceedings .
cnn about people were injured wednesday when a tornado struck a boy scout camp in western iowa , authorities said .
kids under the age of four should not be given over the counter cough and cold medicine .
he said mugabe still had work to do to end economic hardship which he said had been caused by external forces .
earlier this month , pakistani security forces shot and wounded a well known taliban operative , mansoor dadullah , there .
republican front runner john mccain also won in vermont , taking him a step closer to his party s nomination .
former presidential secretary jung yoon jae is said to have arranged the meeting where kim gave the money to chung .
seoul officials said family reunions and food aid for the impoverished north would be on the agenda . full story
glenda may be as far overboard in her assessment of the future as she was in her computer use .
no charges are being filed against the mother , who says she had placed her daughter on a bed that was up against the window .
the identity of the speaker could not be independently determined .
speaking of this message by vershbow , for example , he said , for him , it s just a statement of principles regarding the north and nothing new .
i am stepping down from your finance committee so i can speak for myself and you can continue to speak for yourself about what is at stake in this campaign , ferraro wrote in a letter to clinton .
burma s official newspaper , the new light of myanmar , claimed the government was already on a path to democracy , and there was no need to be diverted .
hammon is not directly involved in the charges against jeffs , which concern an arranged marriage between a girl , and her year old cousin .
british prosecutors said last week they wanted to bring russian businessman andrei lugovoi , also a former kgb agent , before a british court to try him for the murder of litvinenko , who died on nov . after being poisoned with the rare radioactive isotope .
the chairman of the bangladesh red crescent society said he is concerned the deaths blamed on thursday s category cyclone could reach between , and , .
shouting no , no for the devil and yes , yes for unity , the crowd marched to al sadr s office .
rangers regain contact with war threatened gorillas
knu is a major rebel group that operates in the border area that is trying to establish autonomy for the karen ethnic minority .
the top u . s . military commander in south korea said yesterday that his combined forces command with the south korean military has no intention of preemptively striking north korea .
a us soldier who raped a year old iraqi girl and helped to kill her family has been sentenced to life in prison with possible parole .
one of the scientists who worked on that study contacted the aquarium , which sent him tissue samples from tidbit and her pup for testing .
dodgers manager joe torre says , his club ought to bounce back , saying two teams will be playing in philly , tomorrow .
i don t know but i ve always had a fetish for spears , swords , togas and laurels .
top u . s . officials , including president bush , have accused iran of meddling in iraq by fomenting sectarian violence and providing arms to illegal militias .
although celebrated by the government and the general public for his breakthrough achievements in the use of human stem cells , the seoul national university veterinarian hwang woo suk has become a high profile target for conservative religious groups who oppose his research , which involves the use of human embryos .
washington hopes that future talks will yield an agreement for the north to dismantle the facility entirely , and also wants the nuclear bombs pyongyang is believed to have built to be confiscated .
courtenay said a number of factors may cause the depressed feelings .
the president acknowledged good days and bad days in office , but mostly he looked forward , voicing faith in america s future and pleasure in next week s inauguration .
the military policy declares that gays who are willing to turn straight will be fully supported by the government , indicating south korea still considers being gay a disease .
impoverished yet heavily militarized , the country describes every aspect of daily life as a heroic struggle .
this should allow the device to respond immediately if the patient needs more or less blood .
atomstroiexport , russia s nuclear power equipment and service export monopoly , completed the first stage of deliveries on sunday , the russian federal atomic energy agency said .
the first , year old norwegian reporter carsten thomassen , died jan . in a suicide bomb attack in kabul .
we realized that we should highlight these discoveries in part because of the legacy of war and conflict in the region , she said .
he promised one of the biggest bashes wirt county , w . va . , has ever seen .
preliminary results showed the soil had a ph between and , researchers said .
a co worker said the victim was bleeding from the nose and his shirt had soot in the shape of a phone .
these oil installations at muthurajawela and kolonnawa are supplying fuel to the security forces , particularly the air force , spokesman rasiah ilanthiriyan told cnn via satellite telephone from the rebel held town of kilinochchi in northern sri lanka .
yeosu , a port city about kilometers south of seoul , has been pushing to host the international exposition after losing to shanghai , china in the bidding for the event .
i can say with absolute certainty that there was no connection between yan yan s death and knut , said a spokesman .
li reached the needed score and said yes .
subsidized rates for water supply and energy lead to resource waste .
at the same time , sebire wrote a letter to french president nicolas sarkozy appealing for help , but he responded by suggesting top doctors should reexamine her for a second opinion .
the rape accusation against hadnott stirred memories of a brutal rape more than a decade ago and triggered outrage across japan .
karlovic now faces jonas bjorkman of sweden for a place in the third round .
about million pounds of the meat went to school lunch programs and other federal nutrition programs since october , said ron vogel , of the usda s food and nutrition service .
, earlier this month to meet with putin , he noted , and progress was made .
berlin , germany cnn police discovered the bodies of three dead babies in a freezer of a single family home in western germany , and their mother is the only suspect in the case , authorities said monday .
the encouraging words come from neel kashkari , head of the government s billion rescue program
ethiopian donkeys have been abused for centuries due to ignorance , despite their valuable services in time of peace and war , fissiha told reuters .
he was carried ashore and taken to the fletcher cove park lifeguard station , but was pronounced dead at the scene .
i don t mind spending money here , hinkle said , lifting her two large lime green shopping bags with the oprah store written on the side .
we will continue with the idea of an anthem with lyrics , blanco said .
the march was aimed at pressuring gen musharraf to ease current restrictions .
the trait that carried him through courageous battles with a succession of dictators and as many as five attempts on his life
jedi is the faith followed by some of the central characters in the star wars films .
media giants talking , channels still on cable
but he stressed the korean troops will focus on economic rehabilitation and humanitarian activities .
but the international court of justice did rule that belgrade had violated international law by failing to prevent the massacre at srebrenica .
economic woes have dominated this year s campaign as candidates step up their promises to improve the economy and increase visits to business areas and industrial parks .
burrell said diana had asked him at one point to investigate how a private wedding with khan might take place , given that khan is muslim .
the procedure went flawlessly , the plant reported .
los angeles fire inspector sam padilla said the department was encouraging evacuations at the school because aerial views of the fires , fanned by winds , showed some buildings on the campus were threatened .
zimbabwe s state run newspaper , the herald , has indicated that neither mugabe nor tsvangirai received enough votes in the election to avoid a runoff .
it was also a night to cherish for owen , who is
though the issues of private lending requires urgent attention , the government s sudden change of attitude shows political intervention .
living longer , healthier lives as a result , dr . thomas r . frieden , city health commissioner , said in the news release .
the u . s . military said it has captured militia fighters and killed several in the diwaniya fighting , which began friday and has been dubbed operation black eagle .
militants in balochistan , a province rich in natural gas , have been fighting pakistani military forces for self rule .
the globo television network broadcast images of dozens of people gathered along the river splashing water on the animal , whose back and dorsal fin were out of water and exposed to the hot amazon sun .
the dispute has flared up again after an uneasy two year truce .
he also said future airports would have virtual intelligence personnel to perform the jobs of many airport workers
japan s industrial output took the largest drop in history in november over october , tumbling . percent
for those of you who are in pain or who have lost someone close to you , i m sure you can call on any one of us and have help anytime you need it .
last friday , it rose to touch for the first time after an attack on a royal dutch shell plc pipeline by the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta the main militant group in nigeria s restive south .
i just couldn t believe what he d done , taylor told the western morning news .
about , residents have left their homes and more evacuations are expected , padilla said .
for clinton , time for a rebound may be slipping away .
henin , who is on june , has headed the official wta rankings for consecutive weeks .
asked whether she thought her message was received by the russians , rice replied i sure hope so , because i don t think you ever hear president bush use certain kinds of rhetoric about russia because he respects the partnership .
walker , , is one of a growing number of single men both gay and straight
it s hard to be aggressive when you re face to face , he said .
the protests , which began peacefully but turned violent , have thrown a shadow over the olympics , being staged in beijing in august .
the george washington is scheduled to be based at yokosuka starting in august .
the woman , who is married , and an unrelated man were abducted and she was raped by a group of seven men more than a year ago , the lawyer said .
the first test flight is expected to take place between late august and late september . the plane is set to enter commercial service next may after japan s all nippon airways receives the first of its dreamliners .
the town is also closed to traffic
despite his demeanor , the fifth term lawmaker , as the president s brother , cannot avoid criticism that he played a role in the candidate selection fiasco , she said .
nine of the bases , including camp falling water in uijongbu , camp page in chunchon and camp hialeah in pusan , will be returned by the end of next year , about five to six years ahead of the original schedule .
it reflects the fact that nato and u . s . commanders believe they need more troops to take advantage of last year s military successes to keep the pressure on the taliban and to accelerate the training of the afghan national security forces , gates said .
it s possible the tiger jumped from her enclosure , but authorities have not determined how the animal escaped .
at the time , the year old also added that he would not resign from his post or his party , the malaysian chinese association , which is part of the ruling national front coalition .
diesel and kerosene prices were raised . percent to takas . a gallon .
the mungiki militia , who are loyal to president kibaki s kikuyu tribe , has been accused of carrying out some of the killings .
in a long awaited move , the consortium of rbs , fortis and santander said on tuesday it had raised the cash element of its offer from an original proposal but that the bid was conditional on being able to unpick abn s sale of its u . s . bank arm .
brahim deby was discovered dead in his car early on monday near his home outside paris .
the election four years ago , held in the wake of the madrid train bombings that killed people , gave zapatero s socialists an upset victory .
to become law , the bill requires an approval by the guardian council , a constitutional watchdog in iran .
president roh moo hyun said on wednesday the government will study every option to better fund social welfare measures , but ruled out tax hikes .
that , despite fresh economic news that would make the grinch smile with glee .
there is a low risk of injuries .
chit , , was in the car with his mother , peck hausmann was driving to pick up a friend
there was no evidence vitamin c increased longevity .
the t is murray s attempt at creating an entirely new class of vehicle .
he was number on the forbes list of the world s richest people .
it will seriously spoil relations . the kind of soothing effect from the last summit with putin and president bush will evaporate swiftly , he said referring a summit between the leaders earlier this month at the bush family home in kennebunkport , maine .
a suicide attacker on foot blew himself up near a convoy of british forces in gereshk district on sunday , wounding several afghans , an associated press reporter at the scene said .
the raid came amid ongoing investigations into allegations lone star illegally took . million of funds out of korea and evaded penalty taxes of . billion won .
gates , in his prepared testimony released to the media wednesday morning , acknowledges that iraq and other difficult choices america faces in the war on terror will continue to be a source of friction within the congress , between the congress and the president , and in the wider public debate .
speaking to reporters at the annual national people s congress , li said any co operation between the three would encroach on china s sovereignty .
appeared on walls near the locations bush will drive past as he begins a latin american tour that also includes stops in uruguay , colombia , guatemala and mexico .
kerr is survived by viertel , two daughters and three grandchildren .
dabbagh said that while the government respected the un s view , it also had to respect the victims of saddam hussein and what he called his henchmen .
later thursday , the british press association reported the blade may have come off after a mechanical failure .
gm s top executive says bankruptcy is becoming more likely , but there is still hope that the company can restructure and avoid court protection .
general motors corp . will close four plants , a move that could cost the jobs of hundreds of employees , the company s chief executive officer said tuesday .
japan is among the world s leading nations in robotics technology , not only for industrial use but also for entertainment and companionship .
if the ppp succeeds in forming the government , the democrat party is ready to be in the opposition to protect the people s interest . however , if the ppp fails to form a government , the democrat party is also ready to form a government , said democrat party leader abhisit vejajjiva .
the job gains are in motion pictures , software , finance , foreign trade , engineering , services .
burrell , whom the late princess once called my rock , cast doubt on whether diana was ready to marry fayed .
the ship , carrying , tons of oil , is expected to arrive in north korea on saturday .
gm and chrysler say they need a total of billion in federal loans this month .
detaining writers and holding them for weeks without charge is appalling , cpj executive director joel simon said in the statement .
the plan is aimed at ensuring that rural residents have access to safe , effective , convenient and reasonably priced medical and health care services , wen said .
it s absolutely fantastic to be back on planet earth , said discovery s commander eileen collins at a post landing press conference on tuesday .
the need has been growing to appropriately coordinate the differing opinions between south korea and the united states with regard to the changing order in east asia , he said .
but he later appeared to take a different stance and denied the reports .
the knu and its military wing , the karen national liberation army , have spent nearly years fighting the burmese government .
others on the list clooney and , pitt and , denzel washington and johnny depp .
space fashion is important and will be in the next generation of space suits .
the dollar took a pounding in early morning trading , leading to a steep rise in oil prices , said stephen schork , editor of the energy industry newsletter the schork report .
there still is no magic bullet to reducing teen pregnancy , kirby said .
the federal communications commission ruled the material indecent .
home secretary jacqui smith said she was desperately sorry for the boy s family it is awful for them , it is awful for the community , she told bbc radio .
for users who purchase the add on technology , the guitar recognizes pitch .
turkey s top general said thursday the military was ready to stage a cross border offensive to fight kurdish guerrillas in iraq and that he already had sought government approval to mount military action .
newspaper editors and radio and tv news directors say the epic election that will make barack obama the first black president , was the top news story of the year .
mexican telecom tycoon carlos slim helu was named the world s second richest man , with a net worth of around billion , up billion since last march .
experts say having edwards on the ticket may help the democrats win some key southern states .
oprah suspended her six year old club in april , saying that her numerous other activities meant she didn t have enough time to read .
i think we developed in the republican party a
it s similar to taking a house and gutting it , then rebuilding everything inside .
the senate had voted on friday .
he said the attack took place on a funeral procession and caused an electricity blackout , which made it difficult to ascertain exact casualty numbers amid the confusion .
a spokesman for the afghan defense ministry , gen zahir azimi , put the suspected taleban losses at , and said a number of civilians had also died .
salman rushdie is among a dozen writers to have put their names to a statement in a french weekly paper warning against islamic totalitarianism .
sedgwick stars in tnt s the closer , and has screen credits that include singles and born on the fourth of july .
the police chief and i were discussing the fact that kids could not legally buy cigarettes in pennsylvania , but we could see a lot of kids getting off the school bus and lighting up and coming to the playground and lighting up , gartner said .
president bill clinton was joined yesterday by former korean presidents kim young sam and kim dae jung at an event in seoul , where the three reminisced on years of failed attempts to contain north korea s nuclear arms efforts .
rogge s comments were his strongest yet on the growing political storm surrounding the games , underscoring rising
many of the bodies were taken by red cross workers and other volunteers to local mortuaries .
like many afghans , they use only one name .
easter island , chile cnn it s earth s most remote inhabited land , a south pacific speck of volcanic rock so isolated the locals call it te pito o te henua , or the navel of the world .
a group of child soldiers known as a small boys unit beheaded the corpses with machetes and cutlasses , tamba teh said .
omar said he left al qaeda because he did not want to be associated with killing civilians .
since the late s , chinese investments in the southern african nation have soared and now total million the third largest after those of south africa and britain .
among funeral homes across the nation , only had crematoria as of last october .
the korea times reports police examined the scene of the fire tuesday together with the nisi , the korea gas safety corporation , and the korea electrical safety corp .
in words not to be taken lightly , unep is now warning that unless governments around the world enforce some radical changes right now , we could be in the process of witnessing a collapsing ecosystem .
the finance ministry and private banks reached a deal late sunday to infuse an additional line of credit worth up to billion euros billion into the embattled real estate giant , expanding on an earlier billion euro billion bailout plan that would have found the government and private banks splitting the bill .
they are family members of three south korean soldiers two of whom died in the north , while the other returned to south korea early last year .
al maliki has given the militants until april surrender their arms to a guns for cash program that was scheduled to end at midnight friday .
speaking to the associated press deep in the qandil mountains straddling the iraq turkish border , some miles from the northern iraqi kurdish city of sulaimaniyah , murat karayilan , head of the armed wing of the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , warned that an eventual turkish incursion would make turkey experience a vietnam war .
while on tour in europe last month , lee said , the whole world knows the grand national party is bad , and if the grand national party takes power , history will roll backwards .
its data was compiled by the center for global development , a us think tank .
just ahead of clinton s arrival , soon to be former israeli prime minister ehud olmert warned of dire consequences should militants in gaza continue to fire rockets and mortars into southern israel .
in the past years , the un says we have managed to double both the percentage of fish stocks facing collapse from percent in to percent last year as well as the amount that are overexploited , from per cent to around percent .
he was later captured , but broke out of prison and returned to lead disaffected troops .
early returns gave president vladimir putin s party a wide lead in russia s parliamentary elections sunday , a trend that could allow putin to continue wielding power past the end of his presidential term .
the white house statement also says syria continues to undermine lebanon s sovereignty and democracy , imprison democracy activists , curtail human rights , and sponsor and harbor terrorists .
the baftas are held two weeks before the oscars and winslet looks set to build on her success at the golden globes , where she picked up awards for the reader and revolutionary road .
outgoing democratic governor kathleen blanco chose not to run again after she was widely criticized for her handling of the hurricane katrina crisis .
i know millions of americans will be overcome with pride at this inspiring moment that so many have waited for for so long .
greg lynch was already making plans for what happens when his daughter gets home .
he has established a network of position markers , linked by satellite , that show a constant creep , northeast , among the islands on indonesia s indian ocean frontier . the first one was placed in august .
hundreds of bhutto supporters crammed into the entrance shouted and cried , some clutching their heads in pain and shock .
slaves once carried tattoos on their forearms showing who owned them .
the ministers , however , voted not to disrupt the water supply to gaza , the home of . million palestinians .
it is necessary to restructure the court .
a suicide car bomber killed people , underlining iraq s dire security challenges , while a kurdish politician spelt out demands that could complicate the formation of the country s new government .
it was a successful night for the british cycling team as they won the team award while david brailsford won the coach of the year crown .
an estimated taliban reinforcement fighters came by foot and boat along the helmand river from surrounding areas to join the attack , the coalition said in a statement .
sen . obama says he s getting tired of the campaign . his supporters say they want it to end , she said .
students wanted to send a message of unity , determination and pride after the horror , sorrow and carnage of monday s senseless shooting .
in a statement , brin credits space adventures with helping open the space frontier to private citizens .
the national intelligence service said tuesday that the national assembly and nine other government institutes related to national security , have recently been attacked by hackers in cyber space .
his father , prince charles , was a pilot with the royal air force and royal navy .
i am trying to be strong right now , she told reporters on the red carpet . i m ready to face my sentence .
web site x online . com posted the photos monday , which it said were taken early that morning at a gas station after the year old actress left the roosevelt hotel in hollywood , california , with a girlfriend .
the leaders of this former soviet republic said they were undertaking a historic mission in closing down the last functioning reactor at chernobyl .
the milan playmaker received , points , ahead of argentine lionel messi on and portugal s cristiano ronaldo with in a vote by national team captains and managers .
may from a hotel room in portugal s algarve region after her parents left her alone with her brother and sister , who are year old twins , while they went to a nearby restaurant inside the hotel complex in praia da luz , a tiny resort town .
how do you stay on track ?
lester holtz filled in for lauer as co host of today .
i think they should bail out the poor people before they bail out the rich people .
blatter said the lack of competition from other south american nations was one reason behind fifa s decision monday to do away with the rotation system that gave each continent a turn at hosting the world cup .
in my dreams , roma will always throw me an apple , but i now know it is only a dream .
the former head of the u . s . federal reserve has said that the u . s . is in the midst of a credit tsunami , but that it will emerge from the credit crisis with a far sounder financial system .
summit entertainment plans to begin filming the remake next year on a million budget .
snow , , told reporters during a friday briefing that he was having the growth removed but shrugged it off as a precautionary measure .
earlier , a . n . roy , the police chief of maharashtra state , said there were ongoing battles at the two five star hotels .
our experience in iraq has repeatedly shown that projecting too far into the future is not just difficult , it can be misleading and even hazardous , gen . david petraeus said at a joint hearing of the house armed services and foreign relations committees . the events of the past six months underscore that point .
federer praised djokovic s performance .
bucharest , romania cnn russian president vladimir putin struck a conciliatory note in talks with nato leaders friday , claiming that a new cold war was in nobody s interests despite terse disagreements over the future expansion of the alliance and u . s . moves to install missile defense bases in eastern europe .
security forces on the mountain have permission to shoot mountaineers engaged in anti chinese activities , according to a home ministry official .
from now on , for italy s away games , we will no longer request tickets for our fans until we have made the necessary checks and we are certain it won t happen again , federation president giancarlo abete said monday .
norway s foreign minister said the tigers have now called for eu monitors to leave sri lanka , responding to an eu decision to call the tigers terrorists .
in a long delayed annual report to congress , the defense department said that taiwan s permanent separation from the mainland could serve as a strategic foothold for the unitedstates .
the philippines and vietnam stepped up the evacuations of tens of thousands ahead of the landfalls of two separate typhoons expected on saturday .
alberto gilardino grabbed the equalizer for milan in the st minute with andrea pirlo grabbing the winner from a free kick with four minutes remaining .
rescue teams worked through the night , pulling out seven people alive from the rubble by a . m . wednesday .
repairs to nasa buildings damaged by hurricane katrina also siphoned off money .
this past summer , hawkins tried to enlist in the u . s . army but was turned down , a source familiar with the situation told cnn .
a middle aged female guide said she once escorted leader kim jong il s late father , president kim il sung , through the museum , and it remained her happiest memory .
the concerts will be broadcast in the u . s . by general electric co . s nbc network and on more than networks around the world , and streamed live online .
if i die , there will be no one left to tell the stories of the last royal family , yi says .
the white house says it was barney s way of saying he s done with the paparazzi .
under panama s control , canal accidents and the time needed to transverse the canal are down , while revenues have increased .
han is said to be wanting a partial privatization of state run firms by selling percent to percent of their shares on the stock market through initial public offerings .
as a new round of talks ramp up this month , however , jobs has opened the door to higher prices .
a project of hwang woo suk , a geneticist and veterinarian who cloned the first human embryonic stem cells and the first dog , the center will serve as the core of an international consortium that includes research organizations from the united states and great britain .
the foreign ministry said the chinese government warned the korean embassy in china that it would take on a trade offensive .
the crew of the atlantis packed up today they re getting ready to head home .
sears called the long term effect of air pollution on a developing child devastating .
tsuchida said the technology driving the race to build the first space elevator is the quickly developing material carbon nanotube .
too much time has been wasted and not a day more should be lost .
information on possible suspects or the hospital where king was treated were not immediately available .
aaa reports gas is going for a national average . a gallon today .
the law also requires an on screen notice of the group financing such ads , as well as public disclosure of all donors to the sponsoring organizations .
australia will begin withdrawing troops from nearby east timor on sunday because security in the restive nation has improved since rebel soldiers wounded the president , the prime minister said .
the russian , a surprise women s singles champion here in , committed unforced errors to her french opponent s nine .
microsoft ceo steve ballmer kicked off the international consumer electronics show on wednesday with an impassioned endorsement of pcs and a sneak peek at the company s future windows operating system .
republicans have a problem with president barack obama s . trillion tax and spending plan ?
this legislation phased out farm subsidies , while giving farmers more latitude in deciding what crops and how much acreage to use .
he has yet to see senior general than shwe or his deputy .
three days after musharraf suspended the constitution and declared a state of emergency , pakistan s judicial system is in lockdown , with thousands of lawyers jailed and many judges detained in their homes .
he said , i gotta wake up tomorrow , look at myself in the mirror . life is good , do i really need to endorse cat food ?
previous research has suggested that the first stages of romantic love fade within months and after years it has gone completely , the newspaper said .
earlier , at least five policemen and four civilians were killed in two separate attacks in baghdad .
suu kyi has been held in varying degrees of detention for out of the last years since , when her national league for democracy won the country s first free multiparty elections .
the picture , taken out of a moving car , seems to show a moroccan woman carrying a child on her back while walking along the side of a road .
vitamin d , however , requires processing .
so in retrospect it was only a matter of time before entrepreneurs tried out this idea public kiosks that allow consumers to download movies directly onto a usb memory device , to be watched later on their portable video players , computers , or tvs .
they both work for a celebrity photography company called flynet pictures , which sells to such publications as people and us weekly , according to daniel kogan , a spokesman for deetz s lawyers .
how dare you cheapen the experience for them and for the hundreds of thousands of other people across sweden who weren t at ullevi and have only your review to go on . write the truth . it was a good show .
sea shepherd claims japan s institute for cetacean research , which is backing the operations , had said it would release the two activists if sea shepherd agrees to stop interfering in its whaling operations .
the post , was shot and killed in the southwestern neighborhood of saidiya , the paper reported in its monday editions .
the squirrel then bit a builder before fleeing into a nearby garden , where it bit a year old man who eventually killed it with his crutch , police said .
detroit mayoral candidate and former nba great dave bing says he does not have a master s degree and received his undergraduate degree years later than he had claimed .
fresh information this morning about a big domestic issue that president elect obama pressed with president bush yesterday in their oval office meeting .
the rest of his remains were placed in an urn buried along with the can , with some placed in another urn and given to a grandson , said baur s daughter , linda baur of diamondhead , mississippi .
the glasslike surface of carter s creek is so calm you can t help but touch it to see if you ll cause a ripple .
oil prices have hit an all time high near us a barrel after a weekend refinery strike closed a pipeline system that delivers a third of britain s north sea oil to refineries in the u . k .
the address is known as urbi et orbi latin for to the city and the world .
the d markings are appealing because , at to each , they cost a fraction of real speed bumps which can run , to , and require little maintenance , said richard simon , deputy regional administrator for the highway safety administration .
turnout has been low , however , and there have been few of the serious clashes or torching of homes that immediately followed the announcement of results from the december election .
but others like the japanese , koreans , and taiwanese are only too ready to step in and sell their quality goods at cheaper prices .
and nobody in the band seems sure what the reception will be from their fans to the country music industry .
a total of people , including cho , died at two locations on monday .
ecologists say sierra leone s wild chimpanzee population has declined dramatically from around , in the s as a result of hunting , incursions on their territory and the trade in pets and animals for scientific research .
winter weather already has caused big problems for christmas travelers in the west coast .
she instead has become an ardent fan of locally made films , which she says better reflect korean interests .
it was also nice to have a little privacy , she said , and to be away from all the flashes for a while .
obama continued to inch closer to the nomination as superdelegate endorsements trickled in tuesday afternoon .
neighbor sontaya perry , , said she could hear the children inside the house screaming as the fire raged from the windows before dawn .
the papa terra field was found in the campos basin , which is already brazil s most important oil producing region .
after two or three months , i asked him to abandon the course because of these personality traits , which are not the ideal profile for a paraglider , lichtnow said . so what happened comes as no big surprise .
but she has been suffering from a stress related mental illness caused by the pressures of adapting to rigid royal life , and has been unable to perform her official duties fully for the past three years .
abroad , it is often better known for its authoritarian ways it canes vandals , executes drug offenders , crushes political opposition , and bans the sale of chewing gum .
as widely expected , cheong wa dae yesterday nominated kim man bok , first deputy director of the national intelligence service , to replace outgoing chief kim seung gyu . roh s national security aide and former envoy to nuclear talks song min soon was named as the new foreign minister .
anti terror squad police at the scene said they have found traces of a plastic explosives .
abortion is illegal .
but british media filming roadblocks on portugal s border with spain caught police sitting in their cars and waving vehicles by during a recent rainshower .
their bonds are set at , each .
the ongoing fight against terrorism as one major terrorist will no longer be around to commit additional acts of terror against americans and others in the world , fbi special agent richard kolko said .
the government will not stop in our efforts to ensure the hostages safety , which is our top priority , yonhap news agency quoted him as saying . we re trying to find out what are the most substantial and final requests from the hostage takers .
north korean prime minister kim yong il will spend three days in the south korean capital , seoul , in discussions with counterpart han duck soo .
but below the surface , the ice sheet is in constant motion , as ice built up in the interior pushes toward the coast in the form of massive glaciers .
a two pound bottle of mayonnaise his risen about percent in two months to as much as yen nearly , said daishi inoue , a cook at a chinese restaurant .
seriously ill palestinian leader yasser arafat on thursday prepared to fly to france for treatment for a blood disorder as fears grew for the icon of the palestinian struggle for statehood .
the associated press , also citing government officials reported at least people have been killed and another missing .
rhie said the september attacks occurred because of arab terrorists hatred for the u . s . he blamed on jews who move the u . s . in the way they want using money and the media as their weapon .
to , earmarks , and let s say yes !
the ethnic indians are generally the most underprivileged .
at least people were killed when a suicide bomber attacked the site where the country s suspended chief justice was scheduled to address a rally , sources in pakistan told cnn .
should the united states have unleashed the terrible power of nuclear weapons on japan , or could world war ii have ended in a less violent way ?
cnn voters across america are heading to the polls for what could be a pivotal day in deciding which democratic and republican presidential hopefuls face off in the race to the white house .
he had never been to film school and had never been taught to use a camera .
the council was originally expected to vote monday on the proposed ordinance , which requires violators to pay a fine .
while neville has been around jazz fest for three decades , the fest itself will be years old when it opens for the weekend of april .
according to a los angeles times bloomberg poll , mccain would be in tight races with either of the remaining democratic presidential candidates .
a month old boy was pulled from the ruins of a collapsed church seven hours after an earthquake leveled the peruvian city of pisco , local media reported saturday .
when she was sentenced may , superior court judge michael t . sauer ruled that she would not be allowed any work release , furloughs or use of an alternative jail or electronic monitoring in lieu of jail .
british prime minister gordon brown on wednesday told parliament he did not intend to put the treaty to a national vote , insisting the treaty would not lead to a fundamental change in the way britain is governed .
lensky was handed over to authorities in vienna when the flight landed .
yi seok also wants to build a museum where people learn about the dress , food and rules of etiquette at the royal court .
but people shouldn t start downing supplements , she warned .
officials in israel said four people , three of them civilians , have died from palestinian rocket fire .
both fires are being driven by strong santa ana winds , officials said .
people assume they can just toughen up or take caffeine .
conservationists say that wildlife populations , including chimpanzees , recovered as a result of rural depopulation caused by the war , but the return of villagers after a peace deal has resulted in the destruction of habitat , more hunting , and trapping of rare animals for sale overseas .
we feel certain that we have all four identified that are involved with the shooting .
the island nation in southeast asia has been in turmoil since the government withdrew from a cease fire january between its forces and the separatist tamil tigers .
it was always something i knew , from the time i was a child .
hackers install viruses , worms and other attack programs that allow them to take over the computers and use them to commit cyber crimes .
former russian president boris yeltsin has died at the age of , the kremlin said on monday .
the comments were in sharp contrast to mccain s statement when rumsfeld resigned in november , and failed to address the reality that president bush is the commander in chief .
sens . hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois will face off in a democratic presidential debate in austin thursday .
debate is heating up over south korea s ongoing negotiations with the united states to take back wartime military command of its forces , which conservatives and former ministers argue could hurt the seoul washington alliance and threaten the nation s security .
but investigators said they interrogated indian and bangladeshi pilgrims in connection with the bombing of the muslim shrine , although they have so far made no arrests .
cheney arrived late thursday night and his motorcade went immediately to his downtown hotel .
regional health officials reported the findings to spain s national network that monitors mad cow disease and to a european monitoring network based in edinburgh , scotland , she said .
nato s decision to help train iraq s armed forces set off wrangling among the allies tuesday as more differences emerged between the french and americans on how to best help baghdad s new government .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack called monday s events another signal iran is in defiance of the international community .
what is paulson s bailout strategy ?
the charges include multiple counts of first degree kidnapping with a weapon , robbery with a weapon , burglary with a weapon , coercion and conspiracy to commit kidnapping and robbery .
arrive early
the r and other rehabilitated subway cars from the s to the s are making the rounds from manhattan s lower east side to the borough of queens along the v line .
, new apartment units in pangyo new town will be released at once .
a wall of water reportedly feet high struck the island of choiseul and swept a third of a mile inland , while smaller but still destructive waves surged ashore elsewhere in the western part of the impoverished archipelago , causing widespread damage and leaving thousands homeless .
korea s top officials yesterday ruled out the possibility of renegotiating the recently minted free trade agreement with the united states after washington signaled dissatisfaction with labor and environmental issues .
bush also gave obama a tour of the white house s living quarters , including the lincoln bedroom .
a ministry official said the inspectors will reexamine and confirm all previous findings .
a big crisis of mbc .
kim myong gil , minister at the north s mission to the united nations in new york , confirmed the reactor was shut down saturday after receipt of a south korean oil shipment , and said u . n . inspectors would verify the closure sunday .
he added that the government will seek to narrow the gap between economic indicators and real economic conditions felt by people .
this goal is called ai , for artificial intelligence , and it has escaped computer programers for decades .
former world chess champion bobby fischer , who was taken into custody by japanese authorities two weeks ago for traveling with a revoked u . s . passport , has appealed a deportation order to the united states , an adviser said monday .
in fact , the labor department reports new jobless claims jumped more than expected last week , growing by , .
i m even relaxed watching the kids at the pool , laughs kalen walker , cruising with her and year olds . this really works .
the year old building s overhaul features , among other things , a new five story atrium and a foot long floor to ceiling glass wall displaying a restored year old star spangled banner in an environmentally controlled chamber .
soba noodles served in broth with deep fried shrimp on top .
of the missing pyramid , hawass said on a tour of the discoveries at saqqara , the necropolis and burial site of the rulers of ancient memphis , the capital of egypt s old kingdom , south of cairo .
the tv uses stereoscopic technology called tridef from ddd group plc in santa monica , california , which works by sending the same image separately for the left eye and the right eye .
i m excited . . . because he s a kenyan . he s a half kenyan , a smiling woman said in a nairobi neighborhood .
at a campaign rally in monaca , pennsylvania , obama disagreed with clinton s assessment .
some members of her national league for democracy nld gathered to shout slogans and call for ms suu kyi s release from house arrest .
if the lower house does not take a decision about her , we will take a decision , balkhi quoted the letter as saying .
the suspects are said to be members of an islamist motivated terrorist group and are expected to go before the judge at the federal magistrate .
she failed to show up for her flight home the following day , and her packed bags were found in her hotel room .
last month , berezovsky met russian investigators in london to answer questions over the killing of ex kgb spy alexander litvinenko . he has also launched a , foundation in honor of litvinenko who was poisoned and died in london last november .
israel in all out war with hamas
the catholic church celebrates january as its world day of peace , and during a midmorning mass in st . peter s basilica , the pope called for the gift of peace
mauritania is not involved with this boat or its occupants , and has refused to give permission for the boat to land , government spokesman babah sidi abdallah said .
while mres provide food when there s no way to make it to the mess hall , they are no substitutes for what troops crave .
the ata , the trade organization of the u . s . airline industry , said fingerprinting is a border control responsibility of dhs .
it takes effect on wednesday .
he also blamed the united states for the global financial crisis .
some complain of psychological distress .
i offered concern about the iraqi government , coleman said . i think it s important to have a bipartisan approach .
republican attempts to scuttle the nonbinding timeline failed on a vote of , largely along party lines .
the optimism for peace on the subcontinent came as shelling raged across the line of control in kashmir , after officials said at least ten people were killed saturday .
cnn the second in command of al qaeda has said the terrorist group does not kill innocents and that its leader osama bin laden is healthy , according to a transcript of an audio tape released by radical islamist web sites .
somalia has relied heavily on international aid since , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war .
the productivity figure is found by dividing the country s gross domestic product by the number of people employed .
sony is also introducing a new version of the ps featuring an gigabyte hard drive and a copy of motorstorm , an off road racing game that has already sold a million copies .
in nepal , school were due to ring bells as the service started .
the people chose you due to your opposition to bush s policy in iraq , but it appears that you are marching with him to the same abyss , and it appears that you will take part with him in the defeat and certain failure , with god s permission , he said .
pakistani and afghan political and tribal leaders say they want to open a dialogue with taliban insurgents .
while democrats should engage in a vigorous debate on the issues , there is no place in our party or our politics for the kind of personal insults made by sen . obama s principal fundraiser , wolfson added .
he said that because korean companies will not accept credit ratings from foreign countries , foreign residents have to either pre pay for their cell phone time at an exorbitant rate or get a phone in the name of a korean friend .
they had to drive off road to get to the aircraft , but we were able to extinguish the fire rather quickly .
your child s school may boast a room full of computers .
there is no indication that she was ever denied medical care at any time , for any reason . we clearly reject any perception that we ever denied any care to this woman .
the two nations have had a close relationship for decades , with beijing providing economic , military , and technical assistance to its neighbor .
on tuesday , general motors said it would close four truck and suv plants in the u . s . , canada and mexico as surging fuel prices hasten a dramatic shift to smaller vehicles .
he has been holding on to these cases because he wants to make sure that the justice is served and the due process is complete . he personally does not like executions , but afghan law asks for it , and he will obey the laws , he said .
if musharraf tries to fabricate false cases against me , we will face them . he said .
a quarter of new yorkers infected with hiv more than , people
eleven south korean farmers were indicted for allegedly staging violent anti globalization street demonstrations during a world trade organization wto meeting over the weekend in hong kong .
in a statement , the french national railway company , sncf , said the attempts to destroy the lines were aimed at preventing services from resuming .
it s the day before the night before , and christmas travel is being affected by the economy and the weather .
when the dress rings , you raise your hand to your head to answer the call .
senior members from cheong wa dae , the prime minister s office and the uri party would participate in weekly meetings .
forecasters predict the temperatures are likely to stay chilly through the weekend .
two pairs have already been sent to the , hectare , acre laohu valley reserve in south africa s free state province since september
many electrical devices had been forbidden during the special period that cubans endured after the collapse of the soviet union in .
more than million dollars at their command .
the government lodged a strong protest yesterday against the u . s . detention in baghdad of three south korean journalists on suspicion of carrying explosives .
bush s televised speech is expected to follow the advice of us commander in iraq , gen david petraeus , who gave a progress report to congress this week
for many , it s an awkward trip where they don t know what to do or say .
the official toll from the original quake has now risen to , , china s civil affairs ministry said monday . another , people were injured and , are missing , according to the ministry .
her behavior at the shanghai concert has not been reported in the state controlled communist chinese media .
the investment climate is not getting better , said wuttke , who is the china manager for german chemical company basf ag .
britain s tabloid sun newspaper thursday proclaimed from its front page that a wind turbine was ruined after a ufo hit one of its meter long blades in conisholme , lincolnshire .
wongsawat made the declaration after his cabinet , meeting in the northern city of chiang mai , agreed to the measure , said government spokesman nattawut saikua
france s president nicolas sarkozy , britain s prince charles , german parliament speaker peter muller and australia s governor general quentin bryce held a joint remembrance ceremony at fort douaumont , where more than , men were slaughtered over days during the battle of verdun .
the financial crisis and flumping economy caused consumers to cut back sharply on their spending .
the plane , carrying passengers and four crew members , circled for nearly two hours over kochi airport in western japan as it tried to extend its front wheels and negotiate an emergency landing .
the iraqi military said four soldiers were killed and six others wounded in the day s strikes , during which it said a total cruise missiles were fired .
cents of every food dollar now goes for meals prepared outside the home , compared with cents in
i knew historically there had been a few jaguars sighted in arizona but in the last hundred years never in any numbers .
jerusalem cnn palestinian militants and the israeli military traded violent attacks wednesday , a day before a truce was scheduled to take effect , according to the israeli military and hamas .
i thought it was fine corinthian leather , but listen to this
wall street and shareholders criticized yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to microsoft .
although now out of the race for south africa , they did win the asian cup and will appear at the confederations cup in .
the american revolution begins just weeks later .
organizers vowed to stage more noisy demonstrations during cheney s three day visit .
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
the party s nominee to replace him is going nowhere in the polls .
he says the real problem with many banks , is they re being run very poorly , and are just not inclined to make loans at the moment .
afghan president hamid karzai said the american people have taken themselves . . . and the rest of the world into a new era , the era where race , color and ethnicity . . . will also disappear as a factor in politics in the rest of the world .
, the seoul western district prosecutors office had applied for a warrant to detain shin for investigation on her academic forgery .
whatever the outcome , chung s case has highlighted the issue of how south korean companies are managed .
beekeepers who have recently reported heavy losses associated with ccd are large commercial migratory beekeepers , some of whom are losing percent to percent of their colonies . the great corn gold rush
associated attorney general kevin o connor says mukasey began shaking while addressing the federalist society at a washington hotel .
the two sides agreed on working level steps to disable the nuclear facilities , an unnamed spokesman for north korea s foreign ministry told the state run korean central news agency .
but the stock dipped slightly after hours as apple gave sales and earnings guidance for its third quarter that may have disappointed investors .
some computer glitches may not show up until monday , the first business day under the new daylight saving schedule .
the husband of assassinated benazir bhutto has called for a government of national unity but failed to say how it would work with president pervez musharraf .
based on those figures , an estimated , people died due to their mrsa infection in .
those officers continued to accompany her only when she traveled with her sons , prince william and prince harry .
the defendants all from london denied charges of conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions .
ashley abandons attempt to sell newcastle
the town s airport has now been repaired and supplies of food , water and medicine are arriving in a steady flow .
this is a once in a lifetime event to witness , along the lines of when comet shoemaker levy smashed into jupiter back in , lewis said .
the author of at least novels , many of them best sellers , as well as dozens of short stories , essays and plays , vonnegut relished the role of a social critic .
the national election commission nec will issue today a ruling whether or not president roh moo hyun violated the election law in his remarks against the main opposition grand national party gnp .
bush hosted abe at camp david , maryland , on friday as part of the prime minister s two day trip to the states .
family members were told they were not allowed to visit wang , who had often been under surveillance but never previously detained , his wife said .
she has this one arm that is sort of gray that can lift objects and move up and down , said professor charles kemp , director of the center for healthcare robotics at georgia tech in atlanta .
the tangjiashan lake worries chinese officials most because it could threaten up to . million people downstream .
if you plan to watch the episode later and don t want to learn the newest casualty , stop reading now .
an actual building near washington square park
nor did the banner say whether the message would be video or audio only .
the top line playstation model , with an gigabyte hard drive , now costs , down from .
baghdad , iraq cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , in baghdad sunday for the start of a historic two day trip , said visiting iraq without the dictator is a good thing .
sgt santos cardona , who is , faces several charges , including dereliction of duty , conspiracy and assault for allowing his dog to intimidate two detainees .
the fed cut us interest rates to . from . last week , in a move aimed at restoring confidence in both the housing and financial markets .
musharraf removed nearly all of the supreme court bench in november , days before it was set to rule against the legitimacy of his third term in office .
but roh complained that the united states and south korea were out of step with each other over when to pull back u . s . troops deployed close to the border with north korea .
a percentage that increases every year
i don t know if it s intentional or not , but i think personal technology is a way that makes it easier for people to be rude , ervin says . if you go to a broadway show and paid a ticket , you don t want someone talking on their cell phone right behind you .
new york julia roberts has welcomed her third child , a boy named henry daniel moder .
miami , florida cnn a federal judge on tuesday approved the extradition of former panamanian dictator manuel noriega to france , where he faces a year sentence on a conviction in absentia on money laundering charges .
yonhap reports a top ranking political partner of president lee myung bak announced sunday he will challenge a prominent former liberal presidential candidate in a seoul district in the april general elections .
mega millions is a multistate lottery played in california , georgia , illinois , maryland , massachusetts , michigan , new jersey , new york , ohio , texas , virginia and washington .
two reports issued earlier this year by the same un panel warned that the earth was already warming considerably , and that mankind was almost certainly to blame .
the southeast asian country has banned trafficking in endangered animal parts .
with mounting u . s . casualties and the looming deadlines of u . s . presidential elections in november and the june transfer of sovereignty to iraq , questions are increasingly being raised over how america will get out of iraq .
a migraine pill seems to help alcoholics taper off their drinking without detox treatment , researchers report , offering a potential option for a hard to treat problem .
london s advice makes a lot of sense , according to a study out this week in the journal of the american medical association .
brown said a witness came forward at a . m . friday with a statement and evidence that convinced authorities lauterbach was dead .
the summons came days after prosecutors raided yang s home and the office of a construction company run by her mother and a social welfare center at which the former had worked .
speaking to the leaders in football conference at chelsea s stamford bridge , triesman drew a parallel with the recent collapse of wall street investment bank lehman brothers .
she goes to dashanzi s at cafe for its good selection of red wine , italian food and art .
rising gasoline prices will likely deliver a blow to household economies , as they are mostly used for transportation and traffic vehicles such as trucks and buses .
roy keane isn t resigning because we have a bad team , quinn said .
but he also suggested he was not seeking an immediate cross border offensive against the rebels of the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , holed up in bases in northern iraq . the responsibility of leadership does not allow for narrow mindedness , haste or heroism , he said .
the husband weighed pounds
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad on wednesday called a u . s . intelligence report that downgraded his country as a nuclear threat a declaration of victory for the iranian nuclear program .
a new goldman sachs prediction that oil prices could rise to to within two years seemed to motivate much of tuesday s buying , although a falling dollar and increasing concerns about declining crude production in mexico and russia contributed , analysts say .
thursday s motion , passed with a vote , brought harper s conservative party and the opposition liberals together on the issue .
deputy assistant commissioner peter clarke said he was absolutely confident of uncovering details of the attackers methods and network .
qari mohammad yousif ahmadi told cnn it was probable that the remaining hostages would be killed by a . m . thursday local time gmt if the demands weren t met .
mccain thanked the president for his support and the work he has done in the oval office .
stromlo observatory near canberra , australia , has now presented strong evidence that much of the missing stuff is ordinary matter astronomers call machos
north korea cited the minister s remarks as a reason for demanding that the south korean diplomats leave , south korea s yonhap news agency reported .
at the time , baldwin and basinger were in an angry custody fight related to their divorce .
vital to farmers whose crops feed hundreds of millions of people , the monsoon season runs from june to september as the rains work their way across the subcontinent .
i saw him reach down to get his ball and he yelled for help , said janet pallo , who was playing the fifth hole and ran over to drive the man to the clubhouse .
the year old democrat was hospitalized saturday after suffering a seizure at his home in hyannisport , massachusetts .
unfortunately , nobody knows exactly when that was .
it continued until october .
we learned that the warning came from the wife of a passenger who was late for the airplane . we believe that the warning was made in order to delay the flight , said onur air spokesman rauf gerz .
the body of steven l . good was found in his jaguar on monday .
however , worries persist that the move may have come too late , as many firms have already reported lower profits and a worsening business environment .
the government scrapped the credit delinquents registration system in and introduced the financial debt defaulter system , which is more lenient .
of those , percent were women .
shiny chrome was still visible around the doors and front fender , and workers were able to put air in the tires . i ll tell you what , she s a mess .
but no farm , distributor or grocery chain has been identified as the main source , said casey barton behravesh , a cdc epidemiologist working on the investigation .
they said it would unjam any potential freeze by lenders jittery about global markets and liquidity .
it was not immediately clear how close to the border the peshmerga , or kurdish troops , moved .
the fed is currently predicting . growth for this year , but bernanke said a new forecast would be finalized next week .
cars must be left in parking lots near the main square .
torre guided the yankees to four world series championships from , and they made the playoffs in all years he managed them .
obama returned fire while campaigning in wisconsin on wednesday , saying , it s clear he knows who his opponent s going to be , and i m looking forward to a great debate on the issues with john mccain .
the ldp has a sizeable majority in the more powerful lower house , which chooses the prime minister .
u . s . officials are describing the summit as a make or break moment for the government .
during religious festivals the girls are wheeled around on a chariot pulled by devotees .
major state run organizations plans to move to provincial cities .
security council , foreign minister ban ki moon yesterday expressed a fundamental objection to japan s bid . while acknowledging the need for reform in the global body to expand the council s permanent membership , the korea herald reports the nation s top diplomat stressed that any country seeking permanent membership on the highest u . n . body should have full support from its regional neighbors .
the national election commission ruled wednesday that the president violated article of the election law , which requires government officials to maintain political neutrality and refrain from making any comments that could influence voters .
cnn the leader of an apocalyptic new mexico church who claims to be the messiah was arrested tuesday on sex charges , state police said .
i don t think necessarily that there s trouble looming around the corner for everyone involved in this industry .
the news comes as south korean president lee myung bak called for dialogue in the midst of escalating tensions between the two nations .
baghdad , iraq cnn the u . s . military added on sunday more u . s . soldiers to the list of those who died in attacks on saturday , bringing the number of american soldiers killed since friday to .
a search for the gator was called off late tuesday after storms swept through the area .
the seoul stock market took a big dive monday following steep losses on wall street .
colombia s farc rebels said they would not allow emergency medical aid to be delivered to the kidnapped politician .
if you look at which was a worse case scenario than this , or the s with the depression worst case scenario , the market always comes back .
lidge worked the ninth for his th save in chances this year , silencing the rays and their cowbell clanging fans .
president roh moo hyun and chinese president hu jintao on sunday called on north korea to return to the six party talks to discuss ways of resolving the escalating crisis over its nuclear weapons programs .
the balloting will be the political swan song for blair , who is set to announce his departure as leader of the labour party next week , after years in power .
it was the first time the government has set dates for stages of its so called road map to democracy .
they had buttons and keyboards to conduct a simulated online search .
us president george w bush has said the deal is a positive step but a system must be in place to check pyongyang complies with its terms . now there s a way forward and part of the way forward is for the north koreans to understand we re serious about this and that we expect there to be a verifiable process , bush said .
in a court appearance friday , hilton told the judge mintz informed her it was all right to drive on a suspended license for work obligations . mintz also testified hilton believed she was allowed to drive .
the worst fire , which broke out just before midnight monday , was in yangyang , gangwon province , about kilometers east of seoul .
that made the score in federer s favour on his serve but nadal broke back .
this material may not be published .
london , england cnn international bans were slapped on british farming exports monday as the country scrambled to contain an outbreak of foot and mouth disease , halting work at a vaccine lab suspected to be the source of the infection .
iran maintains its nuclear program is purely peaceful , but the west fears it wants to build atomic bombs .
cairo , egypt ap a presidential decree making christmas which falls on tuesday on egypt s coptic christian calendar a national holiday is focusing attention on relations between christians and muslims in this overwhelmingly islamic country .
the army says five soldiers were wounded and a civilian guide was killed in the clashes , which started on tuesday .
thoughts of a feature film go back as far as , when the simpsons overseers considered expanding an episode about krusty the klown s summer camp into a movie .
if the vote had been split , markets would have factored in the chance of a rate hike in july , said naoki iizuka , a senior economist at mizuho securities .
i feel responsible for the leak and have decided to step down . he made public his intention to quit the post after talking with a cheong wa dae secretary .
more than , people have been told to evacuate , but daniel najera , najera , that is , just doesn t want to leave his family home of decades
but some scientists said the overall message is not likely to change when it s issued in early april in brussels , belgium , the same city where european union leaders agreed this past week to drastically cut greenhouse gas emissions by .
a chicago minister who delivered a fiery sermon about sen . hillary clinton having an advantage over sen . barack obama in the presidential race because she is white is no longer a part of the obama campaign .
as the night wore on , opposition leaders , who had access to their own data , publicly called on officials to announce the results .
the typical person who lives one year ages one year , he said . the typical president ages two years for every year they are in office .
a few days into spring and people in nebraska and south dakota are mired in blizzard conditions .
lee , commonly referred by fans and players as hulk , had declared after a home match with the lg twins on april that he would run the grounds in his underwear if a game among the next scheduled at the munhak stadium sold out .
meanwhile , mohamed elbaradei , head of the un s atomic agency , has called on japan to investigate the incident to make sure that we learn the necessary lesson from the earthquake .
the worst winter for decades hit food supplies , sending food costs up .
the crossing , which is the main transit route for delivering fuel supplies to gaza , normally is open from a . m . to p . m . , but has been closed until further notice , he added .
the taiwan weighted index fell . percent .
as a trained arborist i have had the privilege of being up in the tree canopy experiencing trees at height and birds and other wildlife from a completely different perspective . it s fantastic that we are able to give visitors the same experience .
gyanendra s departure came following the declaration of the former himalayan kingdom as a republic last month .
azerbaijan , formerly part of the soviet union , is north of iran , and is bordered on the east by the caspian sea .
the infants watched a googly eyed wooden toy trying to climb roller coaster hills and then another googly eyed toy come by and either help it over the mountain or push it backward .
diego chico corrales , who won titles in two weight classes and was involved in one of the most memorable fights in recent times , has died in a motorcycle accident .
hong kong , china cnn hong kong officials gave kindergarten and primary school children an early break for the easter holiday in the midst of a deadly flu outbreak .
though relatively few consumers have yet to upgrade to vista , dozens of game makers who have been using dx believe the benefits of the technology will quickly lure hardcore gamers willing to spend money on the best systems , whatever the cost .
i won that double digit victory that everybody on tv said i had to win , and the voters of pennsylvania clearly made their views known that they think i would be the best president and the better candidate to go against sen . mccain , she told cnn .
cheney s words seemed to only escalate the u . s . rhetoric against iran over the past several days , including president bush s warning that a nuclear iran could lead to world war iii .
indian police discovered a human bones factory in an eastern state on monday and arrested six people for illegally trading in skeletons , a senior officer said .
it was the third time that authorities have arrested naqibullah .
since the founding of the world bank and its sister organization the international monetary fund years ago , the white house has chosen the head of the bank , while the helm of the imf is occupied by a european .
it is not only part of our territory but our own soil of a historic significance where years of painful history is engraved vividly .
upon receiving the results , we ll take proper steps against china s provocation .
it is the position of bccs that this type of hoax is reprehensible and very disrespectful to the families of missing persons , said a written statement from the group .
the kidnapping by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , the spanish acronym by which the group is known , took place at dusk sunday when a motorboat with the tourists went ashore at morromico beach in choco province .
the ducks grew pointy little quail beaks and the quails grew that distinctive flat , wide duck bill , the researchers report in friday s edition of the journal science .
heads of the foreign ministry , the national intelligence service , and the national security council , are facing pressure to take responsibility for the bungled handling of the kim case .
his government before it was ousted from power after parliamentary elections in february had contended that the killing was orchestrated by baitullah mehsud , who as leader of the pakistani taliban has ties to al qaeda .
in a statement , the group accused the japanese crew of holding the two men hostage .
cyworld is not as explosive as it used to be five years ago , but the service continues to see a steady influx of new users , helped by teens such as insoo s sister .
by the end of may , will shut because they are not expected to meet higher environmental standards , according to state media .
the communist party s second ranking official , wu bangguo , will preside over the parliament s televised opening wednesday in beijing s great hall of the people .
the first picket lines would be seen at new york s rockefeller center , followed by picket lines at various locations in los angeles , the guild said .
rice agreed to undertake a special evaluation of india in six months , and then take action if india does not make improvements .
an explosion has hit a cafeteria at the iraqi parliament , killing at least eight people , at least two of them mps , the us military has said .
police deployed thousands of officers , a day after a bomb at an izmir market killed one person and injured others .
i will not allow it to move through the senate , unless and until korea completely lifts its ban on u . s . beef , he said .
the formal talks between kim and roh , which opened on wednesday , marked the first summit between the split nations in seven years .
but as the world s average temperature warms from levels , the projections get more dire .
finance economy minister suggests to invite n k to the apec finance minister s meeting .
hatton is expected to move up a division from light welterweight for the fight , which will probably be staged on december in las vegas where he beat jose luis castillo in june to retain his ibo title .
dealing with jail time for driving offenses was difficult , but now paris hilton faces the aftermath .
police cited her for misuse of .
he has thereby integrated the previously disparate research fields of international trade and economic geography , it said .
chetumal , mexico cnn while mexico s tourist areas dodged a bullet , president felipe calderon tuesday expressed concern for the yucatan peninsula s poor mayan communities that may have borne the brunt of hurricane dean .
lee , who is also the deputy prime minister , said he was stepping down because the controversy was damaging the credibility of the government .
andrew bacas zipped his bag shut and called at about a . m . et , the official said .
an iraqi insurgent group has meanwhile kidnapped a turkish technician , arabic tv network al jazeera reports .
despite initial vows of bipartisanship , republicans are being more and more vocal .
the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least . inches cm by the end of the century .
the syrian and iranian backed opposition has suggested it might form a rival government .
wildlife experts are trying to figure out why sick , disoriented , and bruised brown pelicans are being found in record numbers along the coast , some of them dead .
the spike came after chavez on sunday accused the irving , texas based oil company of acting in concert with washington , and vowed that the outlaws of exxon mobil will never again rob us .
it was all or nothing .
this is cuban history , so there s an audience in there that probably , that could be the biggest critics and the most knowledgeable critics of the historical accuracy of the film , del toro said .
when a wisconsin internet business stopped providing service , charter communications cable offered disconnected customers a chance to subscribe to its internet access without any pain .
her publicist , max clifford , tells sky news people grew to respect goody
it s got those tires that do what your feet do for you .
i opposed this war in , i opposed it in , , , and .
communist china will flex its growing diplomatic muscle in grand fashion with a planned story tower , the largest embassy in the country , to be built in myeong dong , downtown seoul , the seoul metropolitan government announced yesterday .
two bouquet toting bandits persuaded carmen nieves to open her door to them , she said saturday as police released a surveillance camera photo of the suspects .
this simulated flight , based on the right stuff , a warner brothers movie , is the newest attraction at six flags over texas .
he also appointed an administrator , shane kelley , a fort lauderdale lawyer , to sort through the competing interests and recommend who will bury smith , and where .
mexico quickly becoming favorite place for car thieves
toeic test of english for international communication is the standard for workplace english language proficiency worldwide .
european governments and secret services accepted and concealed secret u . s . flights taking terrorism suspects across europe , the european parliament said on wednesday .
abortion now is allowed in the first weeks of pregnancy if a woman s health is at risk .
the top u . s . envoy to south korea affirmed thursday that his government will not remove north korea from its list of terrorism sponsoring states until the communist state provides a full declaration of its nuclear stockpile and activities .
among republicans , arizona sen . john mccain appears to have a slight edge coming off his win in south carolina .
while more recently , categories have included slots no industry group would even hazard , such as favorite superhero , favorite on screen matchup and nice n easy fans favorite hair a nod to a procter gamble product .
they re especially scathing about spending measures that they say are wasteful , and in any event won t kick in for many months .
pavarotti , who once dreamed of being a soccer player , joined with domingo and carreras to perform during the world cup in italy .
hundreds were arrested and people hurt in the riots , the worst clashes in copenhagen in more than a decade .
a condition that makes japanese exports more expensive .
i both feel sympathy and anger at the last king and his family , said kim jae chun , a taxi driver . i understand why people do not want to think about the subject .
the uk , belgian , croatian and turkish missions were also attacked .
joining van nistelrooy and robben in the squad are liverpool pair dirk kuyt and ryan babel .
the sprawling archipelagic nation is one of the largest contributors of carbon dioxide emissions , due to the rapid pace of deforestation , but experts say it is also at risk of becoming one of the biggest victims of global warming .
eu leaders are to formally sign the treaty in lisbon on december , ap reported .
bodies still lined the shore in some spots , aid workers reported .
but the park isn t real , it s in the online virtual world of second life , where pixelated avatars fly around and interact with each other .
prince harry wants to be helicopter pilot
police near los angeles say a man dressed as santa claus opened fire at a christmas eve party .
stock indexes rose on tuesday as investors snapped up exporters such as samsung electronics following robust u . s . manufacturing data , while the mood across asia was lifted by a fresh bout of u . s . takeover activity .
by midday in europe , the contract stood at . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange , up . on wednesday s close of . .
the united states says it had no intention of attacking north korea but has rejected pyongyang s call for negotiations saying north korea must first take concrete steps to end its nuclear weapons program .
live footage broadcast from inside the capsule showed yi smiling and waving and giving the thumbs up sign .
british prime minister gordon brown reiterated he would stay away from the december meeting in lisbon because of mugabe .
baghdad , iraq cnn coalition raids aimed at disrupting the flow of weapons and fighters between iraq and iran resulted in the deaths of at least militants early monday in eastern iraq , according to a statement from the u . s . military .
that breaks down to percent of democrats , percent of independents and percent of republicans who say obama lacks patriotism .
government officials said they received a warning that the island of java was threatened by a tsunami following an underwater earthquake off the coast .
kim was questioned yesterday about whether he intended to provide the list and if the chung campaign was involved .
news of an emergency loan to the struggling northern rock from the bank of england last september had triggered the first run on a british bank in more than a century .
and these are the musical stylings of secretary of state condoleezza rice .
the testimony by petraeus and ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador in baghdad , was interrupted numerous times by demonstrators .
not only does it give the wrong messages to young people , who are quite impressionable , but the wider public becomes cynical about the responses to drug offenders , ghodse said .
some of the brokers bragged about being a gigolo in japan , saying that they can guarantee million won in income per month along with japanese language learning opportunity .
japanese officials said their intention to conduct strict searches of the ship and passengers may have convinced north korea it wasn t a good time to set sail .
ramos horta has undergone surgery five times since the february shooting in dili , the east timorese capital , and has been heavily sedated at a hospital in northern australia to help him stay still and avoid pain .
provincial health department director azizullah safer said two other civilians were wounded .
roma lead the table with nine points , followed by inter with seven and newly promoted napoli and juventus with six each .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill told reporters late sunday about the progress .
boeing said it now has firm orders for s .
as a medical doctor as well as a writer , i found the work anything but rational or scientific .
german olympic officials have pledged to send a team to china .
it sparked an immediate uproar on the campus and among human rights groups in south africa .
, and scored . points . rebounds , and . blocks per game as a freshman at ohio state university .
there are only about , wild pandas in the mountain forests of central china the only place in the world they are found and more than live in captivity .
taliban officials want korea to return the favor and help arrange the release of two taliban prisoners .
it was real crocodile dundee stuff , wright said , referring to the movie featuring an outback hunter who can kill crocodiles with a knife .
one of them , called eta carinae , is in the final stages of its short life span , with two billowing lobes of gas and dust .
a multi million dollar musical featuring hello kitty opened earlier this year in beijing and is in the midst of a national tour .
the two sides also agreed to dispatch a battalion of soldiers to lebanon on a peacekeeping mission , as well as to extend the presence of medical and engineering units in afghanistan for another year .
usaid said that it generally agreed with the report s recommendation for a comprehensive plan but that work in the tribal areas should be guided by the pakistani government s own fata sustainable development plan from .
the mother of two springs operation focuses on militants in the mosul area .
federer won the last games , ended it with a serve and volley as santoro edged in almost to the service box , then clambered over the net to embrace the frenchman .
the muscle itself actually changed color , taking on a reddish hue characteristic of oxygen rich tissue .
obama will claim victory during a speech in st . paul , minnesota , according to prepared remarks released by his campaign .
though percent of smuggling has been curbed , there is still a lot to be done .
law recently returned from the venice film festival , where he was promoting the remake of the movie sleuth , in which he co stars with caine .
we have to remember him as the great artist that he was , the man with such a wonderful charismatic personality , a very good friend and a great poker player .
but a lone star official denied the rumors , which surfaced just a month after another report had deutsche bank as lone star s agent in selling the korean bank .
in theory at least , this idea can be used for any disease and any health problem . researchers found a tight correlation between the relative popularity of flu related search terms and cdc s surveillance data , ginsberg said .
the a , which burns about four liters one gallon of gas per passenger every kilometers miles and can fly some , nautical miles , can seat as many as passengers .
length and weight of the squid
the company said that it expects sales of . billion , roughly in line with consensus estimates of . billion .
he also said china would work with other nations to address global security threats but gave no details .
there is also concern about a worldwide credit crunch triggered by rising defaults in risky u . s . mortgages , which has led to mountains of bad assets at major american and european banks .
farther south , six people including two french tourists found by rescue crews in an embrace were killed in a forest fire that swept near their hotel in the town of areopolis , located km miles southwest of athens .
it is up from . percent in january and at the highest level since march , when it posted . percent , the national statistical office said in a monthly report .
woo , told of the news while promoting his film in hong kong , rushed back to beijing , the crew said .
understanding the mechanics of your job should be a top priority at all times .
kiev is dotted with hundreds of medieval orthodox cathedrals and monasteries a reminder that it was here that the state of kievan rus parts of modern day ukraine , russia and belarus became christian .
the former president added that his wife had not been given the respect she deserved as a legitimate presidential candidate .
dr . emory petrack , former chief of emergency medicine at rainbow babies and children s hospital in cleveland , ohio , says when it s a truly critical emergency , get to the nearest hospital . truly critical emergencies include severe pain , trauma with multiple injuries , and difficulty breathing .
channel one said that while the russian bomb contains . tons of high explosives compared to more than tons of explosives in the u . s . bomb , it s four times
athens , greece cnn sevilla paid a fitting tribute to former full back antonio puerta by storming into the champions league group phase with a win over aek athens .
the last time japan won the pageant was in when akiko kojima became the first miss universe from asia .
it s a very sentimental ring , vancel said of the white gold ring her mother , who died years ago , wore for years before passing it on .
an outbreak of the deadly h n bird flu virus strain detected on a british turkey farm is likely a precursor to other outbreaks in europe , a u . n . bird flu expert said sunday .
this woman tells wsvj tv that the school is out of touch with its catholic roots
in the merry internet of things , mastering a smart object is literally child s play .
tony wagner , the president of a local nonprofit social services group that organized the trip , said eight of the kids , ages to , were hospitalized .
he said it moved at about mph kph and kept a fairly straight course .
in his book raising baby green , the earth friendly guide to pregnancy , childbirth , and baby care , he tells parents to take the time to examine the materials used in the toys .
russia s vera zvonareva staged a remarkable comeback to send defending champion maria sharapova crashing out of the pacific life open on tuesday , completing an afternoon of major upsets in the women s draw .
now , they didn t catch madoff , that s a shame
moscow , russia cnn a doomsday cult leader whose followers are barricaded inside a cave in southern russia will be taken to the site in an attempt to secure the release of several children , according to a government official .
then just start walking around .
perry has worked as a lawyer in montana , a communications professor in mankato , minnesota , and a bookseller in north carolina .
david lewkowicz , a psychology professor at florida atlantic university in boca raton who wasn t part of the study , said the yale research was intriguing .
it helps prevent injury and muscle pain .
producers believe progress can be made on other issues but it makes absolutely no sense to increase the burden of this additional compensation involving dvds and the internet , he said .
it was driven by a double digit surge in exports and investment in factories and other fixed assets despite repeated interest rate hikes .
bloomsburg university s student government president was charged with drunken driving just weeks after saying the media has unfairly portrayed students as irresponsible .
in contrast , canada s baffin bay and labrador showed little predicted change .
it showed . percent of respondents saying they d been victimized by credit card fraud in , and . percent said they d been victimized by identity theft .
she left behind mothers , siblings , and a father she says could never remember her name , even though he repeatedly molested her .
i want to send a signal and i will not take part in the opening ceremony , boenisch told german television network zdf .
jenkins also said that after initially defecting to the north , he lived with other u . s . deserters , and they were forced to criticize one another s capitalism and beat each other .
wikis , online pages that any user can edit , surged in popularity among consumers thanks partly to the online encyclopedia wikipedia .
officials have wrestled for months over what to do with the mir , which moscow can no longer afford to maintain .
thousands of women as young as caught in the middle of the struggle between rebel forces and government backed militias have become victims of rape , they say , with some aid groups claiming that it is being used as a weapon of ethnic cleansing .
protesters carried turkish flags and posters of ataturk .
when hotelier loh lik peng renovated a hotel built from four chinatown shop houses in , he collaborated with the asian art options collective to find artists to paint murals in all rooms .
just as they already have in backgammon , checkers and chess , computers are expected to surpass even the best human poker players within a decade .
berlin , germany cnn police are investigating who might have decapitated scores of animals and drained them of their blood in a west german city , a spokesman said thursday .
the will for achieving success is also crucial and there should not be any preconditions .
defense attorneys on tuesday played clips of the abc interview about the slayings of charles eddie moore and henry hezekiah dee , both .
quito attempted to soak up the pressure .
citing unidentified experts , newsis reported that the explosives , if placed correctly in the right places , could bring down the building in yeouido , which is stories high .
season of head case premiers tonight on starz .
nakao said the japanese style ramen bowl was carved out of microscopic nanotubes .
it also went uninspected until last month .
but now , with the team buried . games out in the al west , the mariners are finally looking to shake up the roster .
meanwhile , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice is being sent to kenya in the coming few days to support efforts to end violence there .
an estimated , protesters waved flags and chanted give us land , give us water , as they marched in long , orderly lines to central new delhi where they plan to hold a massive protest monday .
the talks on the swap of hostages and taliban prisoners also failed and deadline continued .
officials in beijing have previously put the death toll at .
outside , security forces ringed the building and closed adjacent tiananmen square to pedestrians .
bush s white house talks with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas came on the eve of a conference in annapolis , maryland , among representatives of more than countries , including a wide array of arab nations such as syria and saudi arabia .
it was very difficult because the italians closed down all the spaces , which made it difficult to play our natural game .
the korean currency has appreciated more than percent against the dollar over the past five years on current account surpluses and generally weak dollar sentiment .
the temblor was followed about minutes later by a magnitude . aftershock , according to the usgs .
a fire charred the top of two of three wings of the monte carlo resort and casino on friday , causing no major injuries but forcing visitors and employees to evacuate , authorities said .
according to the national statistical office nso , workers at manufacturing firms had their salaries raised by . percent last year , which is . times more than the average . percent rise by oecd member countries .
hamas , which the united states and israel label a terrorist group , won palestinian legislative elections in , ousting the long ruling fatah party that abbas heads .
ex we re so much looking forward to seeing you again .
further footage shows fayed visiting a jeweler s shop , images that could lend support to claims that he was buying an engagement ring .
he had said noriega hoped to return to panama to be closer to his family .
the associated press , citing diplomats , said gambari was taken on a government sponsored trip to attend a seminar in the far northern shan state on eu relations with southeast asia , instead of meeting with junta leader senior gen . than shwe .
instead , hamstrung by the ongoing writers strike and actors refusal to cross the picket line , the globes will be presented as a one hour press conference on nbc at et sunday night .
mmr booster
police say the tanker went up in an earth shattering blast , as a crowd of hundreds had gathered around scooping up the leaking fuel .
tom corrigan , a former member of the fbi new york police department joint terrorism task force , said the kennedy airport case and the recent plot to attack fort dix illustrated the need for inside information .
in algeria officials hope that the inauguration of the , hectare taghit national park will slow the advance of the sands .
boy george , whose real name is george o dowd , was charged in london last november with false imprisonment following a complaint from a year old man , police said . the incident happened in east london the previous april , police said .
featuring a cast of thousands of torch bearers and covering more than , miles , the international relay route is a whirlwind tour of cities across five continents in days .
they wish that they could undo it .
with percent of precincts reporting in maine , obama was leading clinton percent to percent .
but despite several consortiums being linked with taking control at st james park nothing concrete has emerged , leading to sunday s announcement .
asian stocks rallied thursday , tracking an overnight surge on wall street , amid a brightening outlook for the u . s . economy a key export market for asian companies .
the financial supervisory commission fsc said wednesday it has decided to delay a ruling on whether lone star funds keb purchase was illegal , until the court makes a final ruling .
sen . john mccain on tuesday urged all americans to join him in congratulating sen . barack obama on his projected victory in the presidential election .
the photographers claim bundchen s bodyguards tried to seize their cameras memory cards and shot at their car when they drove away .
injured alex rodriguez rejoined the new york yankees , but was not in the starting lineup for thursday night s game against the chicago white sox .
neil mccabe , an attorney for anna nicole s mother , virgie arthur , said she was disappointed in the ruling because she suspected foul play was involved .
the fares of yellow and red buses will be won and , won , respectively .
president bush heads to wall street packing a promise of tough new laws and actions restore investor confidence and protect the pensions of american workers .
north korea s official news agency has not yet commented on the proposal .
if there s a problem , we can place them outside a row of shops or a shopping center and check people going in .
south korea will give rice aid to north korea even if pyongyang misses an imminent deadline to shut down a key nuclear plant , a top official has said .
but this is so cool , it doesn t bother me , he said .
jaisham our national hero saves the president , the midhu daily newspaper cheered in a headline .
indonesian military ships and aircraft have been searching for a passenger plane that went missing on wednesday .
the explosion occurred around a . m . . p . m . saturday et more than , feet deep inside the zasyadko mine in the regional capital donetsk , the heart of the country s coal mining industry , the emergency situations ministry said .
other elements under discussion are new naval vessels , an advanced version of air to air missiles already used by the united states , and advanced patriot missiles .
the islamist group hizb ut tahrir which organized the conference said it had been the largest gathering of muslim activists from around the world .
the pope has capitulated to the communist chinese leaders .
no funding goes directly to the government . the program is closely monitored to ensure that there is no political interference before the support reaches the intended beneficiaries , international development minister shriti vadera said .
they are alive and fine , munir mangal , who also heads an afghan team trying to secure the freedom of the christian hostages , told reporters in ghazni .
south korea maintains a mandatory draft system under which all able bodied men over must serve in the military for to months .
john mccain says he is confident ifill will do a totally objective job .
the pro government uri party , which has already been decimated after mass defections by legislators , is facing a second split due to a feud between former party leaders and president roh moo hyun .
the priest is now trying to teach him how to meditate .
we expect a new record sales volume figure in , with stronger growth in the first half of the year and more moderate growth in the second , bmw chief executive norbert reithofer said .
flying is about teamwork , and we had an outstanding team on board yesterday , burkill said .
wall street has partly recovered from its worst sell off in years after the feds said today it was keeping interest rates steady . the dow ended the day , up points .
the soldier , evacuated to a medical facility at a british base , was pronounced dead on arrival , the ministry said .
it s really too bad this wonderful anarchy is swamped by the movie s noisy inconsequence .
firdaus said around sect members had escaped the mosque before the attack .
but analysts cautioned that the severe weather was not the only factor behind rising food costs , and warned that prices could still increase further .
gates added that the united states would not need to assist its colombian allies should armed conflict break out .
benoit s employer , world wrestling entertainment , said in a statement on its web site that he canceled two events in texas over the weekend , citing an undisclosed family emergency .
mubarez said the united nations was continuing its discussions with afghan authorities to allow patterson to return .
you were not a victim . you were a willing participant in a poorly considered policy to start an unnecessary war and you share culpability with dick cheney and george bush for the debacle in iraq .
the united states softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing syria with nuclear technology , key issues that stalled negotiations for months .
no reliable information was available on the identity of the kidnappers or their demands , but daewoo said that one of the kidnapped men , hong jong taek , called the company from his cell phone and said none of the people kidnapped had been injured .
the foreign ministry said the spanish vessel originally planned to tow the migrant boat to the nearest safe port in senegal , but the senegalese government said it was not equipped to help the migrants .
german chancellor angela merkel also offered her congratulations and said she would work with obama to deal with the challenges facing the world .
the video was branded by as sahab media , the company that traditionally handles al qaeda communications to the public .
myspace , a unit of media mogul rupert murdoch s news corp . , also plans to launch a site for india later this week .
president bush has chosen robert zoellick , a former u . s . trade representative , as the new president for the world bank to replace paul wolfowitz , a senior u . s . official said tuesday .
the announcement was made wednesday by uaw president ron gettelfinger at a news conference after meeting with union officials from plants operated by general motors gm , fortune , ford motor f , fortune and chrysler llc .
lt . gen . ray odierno , the no . ranking u . s . commander in iraq , told cnn fewer weapons and fighters entered iraq from iran and syria over the past month .
the european union said it hoped to revive ties with cuba while china described castro as an old friend and said it would maintain co operation with havana .
sen . jim demint of south carolina said that we told petraeus that we d send our troops there and gear up , and for us to even be debating a change before september is irresponsible government .
americans in need are not strangers , they are citizens , not problems , but priorities .
burghausen stunned the times cup winners by scoring first in the st minute .
in july , the group organized simultaneous concerts on all seven continents with more than musical acts taking part , including a reunited pink floyd .
john mccain did not look good during the two weeks of the financial collapse .
holy ground with trinkets for sale .
nessie watcher and marine biologist adrian shine of the loch ness center in drumnadrochit , on the shores of the lake , viewed the video and hopes to properly analyze it in the coming months .
he s also planning to appoint a chief technology officer and has pledged to get true broadband to every community in the country .
three years after succeeding pope john paul ii , benedict is likely to address the sex scandal within the catholic church , the church s relationship with other faiths , the u . s . led war in iraq and the upcoming u . s . presidential election , said john allen , a cnn vatican analyst .
all these meetings are part of the bilateral relations with israel and the future vision that we are all seeking and working toward , abbas said .
an official with red cross hospital in kumamoto said the year old man later died while the people who were sickened were progressing favorably .
the committee will be called the korea medical service promotion agency .
a vast crowd of well drilled civilians roared slogans in support of kim during the festivities .
the question now more asked is , why haven t we seen it yet ?
during his final prime minister s questions on wednesday , blair was asked about the israeli palestinian dispute .
on monday , an unidentified commander of the taliban was quoted as saying that the negotiation with the government has completely failed .
which is to say , along came the one true constant of capitalism
during the presidential campaign , obama proposed a billion stimulus package over a two year period , but some of his economic advisers have said recently that the package would need to be much larger .
rival palestinian factions hamas and fatah say they have reached a deal to end violence in the gaza strip .
the european union lifted an arms embargo on libya in october , but islam said the ban had effectively remained in place , blaming the germans for putting the brakes on possible deals .
the memorial concert features music from some of princess diana s favorite acts , including tom jones , but will also host younger performers including kanye west , p . diddy , joss stone and lily allen .
korean male teenagers who smoke begin a couple of months before their th birthday , half a year earlier than they did three years ago .
the miss california usa pageant is expected to announce its decision of whether carrie prejean will keep her state crown .
king died late tuesday in santa monica , california , said steve klein , a spokesman for the king center .
the journalist was looking for notoriety , bush said , adding that authorities shouldn t overact in their treatment of him .
the recall affects , toys in the us , , toys in the uk and the irish republic and , toys in canada .
stephenson said there were a handful of activists at the site monday to witness the killing , and that dozens more were expected to gather in the coming days .
barcelona continued to press until the final whistle , but still could not create a clear cut opportunity .
the findings are encouraging , he says , given that previous research has suggested that patients might develop much more serious problems , such as major depression and suicidal thoughts , than were seen in the current study .
debate is increasing after a self declared gay serviceman held a news conference to announce his refusal to continue compulsory military service , and confess the mental stress caused by concealing his sexuality .
type diabetes is caused when the body fails to produce enough insulin or produces insulin that doesn t work properly and is frequently linked with obesity .
the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by lhasa police , but local authorities and xinhua said only people died .
the south korean government discounts the american claims .
today s plan is to examine the wreckage , measure skid marks , and conduct the first interviews with the pilots .
two of the soldiers could face the death penalty if found guilty .
osama r . m . shublaq stunned the ground crew at changi airport when he fell out from the wheel well of the singapore airlines aircraft , a boeing , shortly after it landed late thursday , the star , a malaysian daily , reported in its online edition .
however , kim was seen leaving a beijing restaurant , and u . s . officials say beijing has told washington it is meeting with the secretive leader .
earlier , a spokesman for the world health organization said the group still could raise its alert level to , signaling a full blown pandemic around the world but the heads of the who and the united nations now say there are no immediate plans for that .
fine art buyers were interested in items such as a sculpture by french artist edouard drouot , and a painting by gabriel joseph marie augustin ferrier , .
the suzuki decision was released in a statement on monday , days after honda , another major japanese car manufacturer , pulled its team out of formula one .
williams told mission control after running . miles on a treadmill at the international space station .
in a news conference and a posting monday on the government s web site , the communications minister , willian lara , described two incidents he said crossed the line
as years pass by , we often forget about the gifts and the parties .
this week , barack obama had proposed a day moratorium on home foreclosures and a two year tax break for businesses that create new jobs . dramatic moves by the bush administration .
the computer problems have meant airline staff have had to deal with bags manually , taking more time than would normally be needed , a british airways spokeswoman said on condition of anonymity in line with company policy .
in a speech at the opening of the national legislature s annual session , wen also pledged technology upgrading for the country s big but largely outdated armed forces .
railway authorities came under intense scrutiny yesterday for allowing commuter trains to pass through an evacuated site that just minutes later would give way to a massive sinkhole , tearing open a meter section of ground around gajwa station in western seoul .
the country continues to suffer a brain drain .
the bbc reports pirates have seized a south korean fishing boat off the coast of somalia the latest in a series of such attacks .
enter the clipper chip .
to see ingrid among her family this christmas , the french president said , in an appeal on the television station tf .
after recalling his ambassador in protest , chavez went a step further on wednesday , escalating a crisis that he has said could hurt the andean neighbors billion bilateral trade .
the majority of the some , chaiten evacuees are staying in those two cities , the country s emergency office said on its web site .
the policeman , named as luigi spaccarotella , has been charged with murder .
yoon was a well known lobbyist in judicial circles .
researchers asked adolescents about a mix of sitcoms , dramas , animated shows and reality shows known to have sexual content .
mps will then debate it and submit any changes ahead of a vote on august .
berlin , germany cnn a german warship was involved in fending off monday s pirate attack on a japanese tanker near the coast of somalia , a spokesman for the german armed forces said wednesday .
he is thinking about the families of the victims and the citizens of the states , and the administration stands ready to help .
the year old actor was treated at palisades medical center in north bergen and released , spokesman stan rosenfield said in a statement .
and that is what dava newman , professor of aeronautics , astronautics and engineering systems at the massachusetts institute of technology , wants to change .
the korea times reports it is the first time washington has given official refugee status to north koreans since the u . s .
a local official had said earlier that two of those kidnapped were south africans .
de meo addressed stiles directly on saturday turn yourself in to your local law enforcement agency , he said .
we are determined to totally secure the province , kahindi said .
blair was in baghdad saturday morning for what will be his last trip to iraq as british prime minister .
it s really an idealistic approach to things .
device could help disabled at home
one eyewitness told he saw a car explode with three people inside .
she says the two have been dating a very long time .
the election took place under a new constitution drafted by the military , which has ruled since a coup that unseated pm thaksin shinawatra .
that s when gn r became gn rn l .
the article adopted by deputies said the european parliament condemns extraordinary rendition as an illegal instrument used by the united states in the fight against terrorism .
he said first united russia would have to win the parliamentary elections and a decent , competent , modern person must be elected president .
the president defends the . trillion blueprint as inseparable from a sustainable recovery .
the organization of the petroleum exporting countries is meeting to sanction a cut in production .
the unemployment rate in the los angeles area was at . percent for october , according to the bureau of labor statistics .
kanda holds the world record for the longest duration balloon flight , with a time of hours and minutes , according to the world air sports federation .
gradual reduction of the usfk will be discussed in earnest with proper measures to fill a possible security vacuum .
i think that helped him a great deal .
rudd said he would overturn a number of his predecessor s policies , including signing the kyoto protocol and pulling troops out of iraq .
paulo rebelo , a senior criminal investigator at national police headquarters in lisbon , will now lead the inquiry .
the changes might be due to seasonal effects , simon miller said .
although pakistan and india have been careful to avoid saying whom they suspect , indian officials have hinted that they suspect pakistan based islamic militants , a claim dismissed as absurd by pakistan .
he returns to washington next wednesday .
but he said that chinese officials had urged the us to show patience and to wait a couple more days for pyongyang to comply .
you live far away from a children s hospital .
it is not sold to the general public .
after a day or two , the women will take away the bill and pay it .
he did not identify which entrance had the security device .
however , hacker was concerned that spears didn t seem to have child centered interactions , according to the ruling .
in west bengal state , three government supporters died in an explosion , a day after an activist who opposes the land grabs was shot dead by supporters of the governing communist party of india marxist , said raj kanojia , the state s inspector general of police .
north korea has been taking yongbyon s main reactor apart , but
winning matches is an amazing streak , federer said of his opponent .
meanwhile , the daily kommersant said venezuela was seeking four submarines in all at a cost of billion .
i write to convey my very deep personal concerns and the distress of the australian people at the release of mr .
safety standards are often not enforced , meaning boats are in poor condition and carry more passengers than regulations allow .
clarke , who suffers from post polio syndrome and is confined to a wheelchair , cut a cake as sri lanka s president , visiting astronauts and scientists sang happy birthday .
simpson faces charges stemming from an alleged robbery last week in a las vegas hotel .
her mother had the foresight to warn her not to ship her prized shoes in her checked baggage .
the iranian players and the referees had to be escorted out of the stadium .
barack obama s starting out across the sunshine state in jacksonville this morning .
the three nations have organized a committee to find a strategy to combat the dust , according to the earth policy institute , an environmental advocacy group .
i wonder if we should be leaving driver qualification to train operators , transport minister kazuo kitagawa told reporters .
az hit back in the th minute when demmy de zeuw strode forward , but his effort cleared the bar .
though an inveterate collector , schram wasn t interested in conservation or display the letters were kept in an old metal cabinet in the laundry room of his villa in lausanne , switzerland , ordered by size rather than author or date .
he told them that to follow god they should have innocent hands and pure hearts .
the decision was yours .
beyond dollars and cents .
near complete returns from georgia s presidential election show pro western president mikheil saakashvili winning a majority of the vote , the head of the former soviet republic s electoral commission said sunday .
can iceland s geo thermal power re heat its economy ?
there is a long , tortuous way to go , but this sounds like the beginning of wisdom .
seoul and washington are in the final stage of completing joint studies on a future alliance framework .
in uganda s amuria district , which was put under a state of emergency this week , more than people were taking shelter in a seven room schoolhouse , which was meant to open for a new term last week .
clashes between police and anti bush protesters were also reported in colombia , where bush is scheduled to visit on sunday as part of his five nation
a lot will depend on how quickly technology is perfected , according to thomas bush , the fbi official in charge of the clarksburg , west virginia , facility where the fbi houses its current fingerprint database .
and of the critics contention that the rallies , the organization , the message is neo conservatism wrapped in biblical verse ? hutchins smiles , nods patiently .
it was the latest show of russia s military muscle amid chilly relations with the united states .
she also coached the olympic gold medal winning women s basketball squad .
rockford memorial hospital officials said she was flown to the university of wisconsin hospital in madison , where officials did not immediately give her condition sunday morning .
the cave dwellers are also refusing to speak to russian orthodox priests brought in to negotiate , he said .
the primary calendar is playing in florida s favor .
but after several attempts to pass stalled throughout the morning , oil quickly tumbled in the afternoon hours .
the december night before the shooting , tracy roberson sent lasalle a text message that read in part , hi friend , come see me please !
an early heads up here
a powerful dust storm on mars has worsened and is affecting the twin rovers operations on the red planet , mission scientists say .
we re not seeing to percent shrinkage .
poor people do not donate their organs at the same rate as the rich .
the teens both were charged sunday with first degree murder in the may fatal shooting of year old jordan manners at c . w . jefferys collegiate institute .
we have seen how the education of girls and women in parts of asia and south america has lifted whole regions out of poverty .
robert said she will drop all her pending cases if the government sets up rape clinics , recognizes the status of rape victims , and takes precautions after rape against sexually transmitted diseases .
new york ap the bancroft family says it is ready to meet with news corp . media mogul rupert murdoch to discuss his interest in buying dow jones , the publisher of the wall street journal , after rebuffing an initial offer .
but he is also facing terrorism related charges in the united states , which has promised to press for his extradition when british law allows .
the dow jones industrial average lost . percent , according to early tallies .
washington cnn the u . s . government is involved in intense discussions over naming all or part of iran s revolutionary guard as a terrorist group in a move that would effectively declare open season on the organization , a senior official told cnn .
john mccain , however , was handed a starkly different message from the gop , as voters in louisiana and kansas indicated they weren t ready to support the arizona senator . washington , however , backed the republican front runner over former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , according to state party officials .
as the cliche has it , they make beautiful music together .
the web site of the folha de s . paulo newspaper said the truck s brakes failed , but the city did not cite a cause .
john rich sees many crime victims in the emergency room .
cells in the hypothalamus respond to light and dark signals .
he told us where the president is , and we told him where we are , and we reached towards each other , bennett said .
on saturday , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan warned that whenever an operation is needed to be carried out , we will do that . we do not need to ask anything from anyone for that .
maybe she s just living her life but people just won t stop looking at her .
samsung apologized for causing concerns , lee soon dong , president of samsung s strategic planning office , said , according to a company press release .
the united states and the other countries involved in talks with north korea are sending a clear message that north korea should end its nuclear program and realize the benefits of the international community .
one self described eco fashion label , ecoist , has partnered with coca cola , luna bar and aveda to create handbags made from misprinted and discontinued packaging .
when you have cancer , your body is weakened , you re more prone to get infection , and certainly the treatments for cancer chemotherapy and radiation further weaken your immune system , so it s very common to develop an infection like pneumonia .
steve took off toward the south and was going to fly southbound , looking around for some dry lake beds for some plans he had for the future , ryan said .
media reports say an australian customs vessel saw five whales being harpooned and hauled on to a japanese ship .
suspend the mehdi army , with no exception , for a maximum of six months starting from the date of this release , to restructure it in a way that would preserve its ideological principles , al araji said . watch an analysis of the mehdi army suspension raquo
gay , who won the m on sunday , becomes only the third athlete to hold both sprint titles after maurice greene in and justin gatlin two years ago .
german sex shop chain beate uhse must pay german soccer stars michael ballack and oliver kahn , , each for using their names for vibrators without permission , the company said on monday .
he said the most likely method of powering the elevator would be through the carbon nanotube cable .
a spokesman for the military command in diyala province confirmed that the gunmen were wearing military uniforms but they were in civilian vehicles .
police said the suspect , bruce jeffery pardo , committed suicide after the attack .
there were scouts at the camp , cnn has learned .
currently , nations have signed or are planning to sign the treaty , called the regional cooperation agreement on combating piracy and armed robbery against ships in asia .
the usfk chief also discussed his thoughts on north korean military threats and the american military s transformation , saying there will be no further u . s . troop cuts other than the , reducation by that has already been announced .
three of the injured were in critical condition after saturday s collapse , authorities said . five firefighters had minor injuries .
korea s top finance regulator has expressed alarm about intensifying competition among banks to attract customers at the risk of low profits , saying he feared it could lead to a collapse of the whole industry .
he made it clear that the government would not sign the deal unless gain outweighs loss .
the fda has never formally approved that use for the drugs , but some other countries have .
the nonbinding house resolution says the deportation of nearly million armenians from the ottoman empire between and , resulting in the deaths of . million of them , amounted to genocide .
durban says several would be senators have been kept out in that fashion , when their status was compromised by corruption or deeply in question .
he called on all opposition parties to follow the rules . . . and all the directives of the election commission .
the moscow backed leader of the rebel region died of wounds minutes after the explosion , and that col .
we will defend our allies and our interests .
a lawyer for one of saddam hussein s co defendants has been shot to death in baghdad while another has been injured .
south korea s unification minister said on monday that the fatal train explosion in the north would not affect six way talks aimed at resolving the month standoff over pyongyang s nuclear arms program .
although not all the freedoms available on the internet are positive , the fact that in the present anyone can be , for example , a journalist , a dj or a filmmaker is changing how we live daily .
but an artist in barcelona , spain , may be about to outdo the candidate himself .
according to the american heart association , about , heart transplants were performed in the u . s . in .
cnn a ukrainian policeman has died of injuries sustained in clashes between serbian demonstrators and u . n . forces in kosovo , a u . n . spokesman said tuesday .
brown cautioned that the discovery does not necessarily indicate that laurean is nearby .
it is unclear if the bomb was remotely detonated or triggered by the convoy .
but after the latest attempt yielded no signals from the miners and found only low levels of oxygen , one of the leaders of the effort said sunday the vestiges of hope are waning .
seventeen others were feared dead in nearby wonogiri district , after it was hit with hours of nonstop rain .
this week s mccain obama debate looks a little different through the lens of the further economic damage that s been done since then
she said the group had flown into boise for a skydiving event about miles away in star , idaho .
the story of louisa may alcott and her father .
samsung was accused of conspiring with other chipmakers to fix the price of chips sold for use in pcs and mobile phones between and .
us homeland security secretary michael chertoff said the plot was in some respects suggestive of al queda .
clinton is coming off last week s wins in ohio , texas and rhode island .
mobile phone users in southern thailand face having their lines disconnected .
he told care officials that roads were impassable by car and that there was heavy damage .
tves received million in startup funds from the government , but officials said it also may seek commercial advertising .
associated press correspondent jerry boatlander is covering
five of those were sex education programs , two were community service programs that included discussion session , and one was an intensive program combining sex education , health care and tutoring .
a mother working as a department store clerk gives up almost all of her monthly wage to send her son to hansamm .
nearly people have died in the past two weeks alone .
that came as welcome news to summer travelers , most of which get to their vacations by car .
a meter section of ground tore open around gajwa station and sank meters at p . m . after an underground wall at a nearby subway construction site suddenly gave way , the korea rail network authority said .
mukherjee said that there was no evidence of sabotage , and that initial investigations indicated that a faulty air conditioner exploded , possibly setting off gas canisters in the kitchen .
have a smaller brain volume than those who do not , according to a study in the archives of neurology .
the fda said the deaths it is investigating so far all involve children , mostly cerebral palsy patients being treated for spasticity in their legs .
twenty one out of on trial were convicted for their parts in the islamists attacks .
tens of thousands of people lived in jerusalem at the time , but it is not clear how many used the channel to escape
an explosion rocked the israeli town of hadera killing at least two and injuring more than people , a local israeli official said .
in addition , america said the system would not be made operational unless iran test fires a missile that could threaten europe .
they helped train the iraqis in logistics management , combat service support and counterinsurgency operations .
speaking in iowa , where he won the first in the nation caucuses , obama told supporters , it was in this great state where we took the first steps of an unlikely journey to change america .
according to the guardian newspaper and the bbc , the payments were channeled to at least one saudi embassy account at a now defunct riggs bank in washington .
some travelers may have to wait until midweek or later to get flights out of the airport , cnn affiliate komo tv reported .
i can pick and choose .
the european footballer of the year has been constantly linked with a transfer to the bernabeu , speculation which increased following recent claims that real had reached an agreement with united over his eventual sale .
anastasia and her fellow female classmates are convinced they are on to something .
authorities intend to question the iraqis involved in the school s construction .
earlier , the ruling junta announced that suu kyi would be allowed to meet her political allies for the first time in three years .
a modest slowdown , from about . percent this year to . percent in , is expected with a sharper than expected u . s . slowdown the key risk , said jerald schiff , the assistant director of asia pacific department at the imf , in a breakfast meeting in seoul .
the won gained sharply against the u . s . dollar monday on the seoul currency market , with the won dollar rate closing down . won at . won per dollar .
western nations , including the united states , contend iran is using the program to develop nuclear weapons .
smaller memorials were planned in towns across britain and france to remember the fallen .
activists say that many hindus live in poverty , partly because of policies granting jobs and economic advantages to the ethnic malay muslim majority .
washington cnn workers in southeast asia s shrimp industry suffer regular abuse and sometimes live in what amounts to virtual slavery , a human rights organization said wednesday .
october retail sales from u . s . chain stores were mostly abysmal , although some discounters like wal mart stores escaped the fray .
the detention facility was one of three connected to the torture complex , multinational division north said . one of the facilities appeared to have served as a headquarters building and a torture facility , it added .
new york cnn the consensus is clear
the ride is at walt disney studios park , one of two theme parks at disneyland resort paris .
the er is more of a hobby than a toy .
madison , wisconsin cnn dozens of cars were involved sunday in pileups that killed at least two people on a foggy stretch of highway .
the paintings , worth millions of dollars , were recovered tuesday when a suspect led police to a house on the outskirts of sao paulo , said chief police inspector mauricio lemos freire .
a total of hectares were destroyed .
among those surveyed , companies are beneficiaries of tax benefits .
he then sought before and after satellite photos of the regions from commercial firms .
when this spirit is present , no wrong can stand against it .
ten percent of saudis have a favorable view of the al qaeda terrorist network , according to a survey by terror free tomorrow , an international public opinion research group based in washington .
in the united states , the honeybee , the world s premier pollinator , experienced a dramatic percent decline , from nearly six million to less than two and a half million , in the last two decades .
but speaking from damascus , exiled hamas political leader khaled meshaal denied the movement would place the territory under religious law .
hamas security was everywhere checking everything and keeping a keen eye on us . just a request to use the bathroom involved an escort .
people with parkinson s disease who have a pacemaker like device implanted in the brain spend an extra four plus hours a day free of tremors and involuntary movements than they do on medication , according to the largest study of the treatment , which is known as deep brain stimulation .
a match between atalanta and ac milan was stopped as fans and police clashed .
the patient , a man in his s , was placed in isolation at a hospital after being found to be sick upon returning from beijing on an air china flight on april , the institute said in a statement .
all the so called hour companies tell you to call back on monday .
it now will reach an exponentially larger audience and serve as a genuine tool for education and learning , hirschhaut said .
and a spokesman for un secretary general kofi annan said a test would only provoke universal condemnation and do nothing towards strengthening north korea s security .
the planes operated by gol lineas aereas intelligentes sa and tam lineas aereas sa clipped wings as they were maneuvering for takeoff at congonhas airport late sunday night , the airport authority said .
the nuclear issue is a burden on the economy , said lee sung kwon , chief economist at goodmorning shinhan securities in seoul .
the plane s recorders have been sent to washington to be analyzed .
letters do more than communicate .
they have been exposed for nearly a week to fighting , said norbert mushenzi , director of the southern sector of the park for the congolese institute for the conservation of nature .
the lawmakers denounced israel , claiming hezbollah s purpose in kidnapping israeli soldiers , which sparked a series of indiscriminate attacks on lebanon , was the release of some , arabs being held in israeli prisons , including some children .
even a babbling brook .
when they return , officials check bags for items deemed distracting
celebrity endorsement .
israel is responding to ongoing rocket fire from palestinian militants in gaza deliberately and continuously target ing civilian population centers , israeli government spokesman mark regev told cnn .
he bank of korea may invest a portion of its foreign currency reserve in blue chip shares in overseas stock markets to increase returns , the bank of korea governor lee seong tae said .
some american adventurers have used helium balloons to emulate larry walters who in rose three miles above los angeles in a lawn chair lifted by balloons .
the fortress , built in the late th century by king jeongjo , is on the unesco world cultural heritage list . the pavilion was one of the most popular tourist attractions at the fortress , drawing , visitors per weekend .
the government wants to create a program for indvidual retirement accounts and allow civil servants to form labor unions as early as next year , the labor ministry announced yesterday after meeting with the ruling uri party .
in the face of a boycott by the opposition grand national party , the speaker of the national assembly called off a vote on a one year extension of the deployment of korean forces in iraq , describing the issue as too grave to be deliberated by the governing party alone because it involved the lives of the nation s young people .
it also has said it plans to reform pakistan s government .
paris , france cnn french officials are trying to determine who sent a parcel bomb that exploded thursday in a paris law office , killing a female assistant who opened the package .
cloning could be a powerful tool , dresser said .
chilean navy vessels in the area lost sight of the stricken ms explorer early friday evening , hours after the pre dawn accident near antarctica s south shetland islands , and wreckage indicated it had gone under completely , according to a navy press officer who declined be identified in accordance with department policy .
pak rejected the economic and military sanctions and blamed the united states for the reported blast , saying the u . s . had forced north korea into rattling sabers .
, kuwait , qatar , bahrain and oman .
sydney , australia cnn yes , the trip is long , very long .
roh also described kim as an outspoken man , adding that kim was able to make flexible decisions on many practical issues . roh did not elaborate .
hardliners in washington and tokyo proposed stronger measures to tame the stalinist north but president roh moo hyun called for a softer diplomatic approach to the problems .
the amount of data moving on the net quadrupled , according to a national university of singapore study .
pressure is on clinton to find a way somehow to halt what increasingly looks like an unstoppable obama march to the nomination and keep the superdelegates from rushing to his corner before the primary season ends june .
oil prices fell monday , retreating after spiking to almost a barrel on venezuelan president hugo chavez s threat to cut off oil sales to the united states in retaliation for legal moves by exxon mobil to seize some of his country s assets .
national football team coach jo bonfrere was finally dismissed by the korea football association kfa on tuesday with less than months left until the world cup .
suspected militants are said to have been killed .
a malaysian inquiry has called on the police to stop forcing some suspects to strip and perform naked squats .
it is the first time a christian holiday has been officially recognized in modern egypt .
certainly our presence in the region is not in direct response on north korea , but certainly our presence can also be an influence , he said .
authorities carried out some , doping tests in beijing as part of the largest ever testing program for an olympic games , the ioc said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id tiny bits of protein extracted from a million year old dinosaur bone have given scientists the first genetic proof that the mighty tyrannosaurus rex is a distant cousin to the modern chicken .
the plot at the huda girls school in tarmiya was a sophisticated and premeditated attempt to inflict massive casualties on our most innocent victims , military spokesman maj . gen . william caldwell said .
at least people were killed when the plane , operated by thai budget airline one two go , skidded off a runway in heavy rain on the island of phuket .
in , he signed a year , million contract with the falcons .
he cannot go above a first floor or near tall buildings , his mother said . he wakes up most nights , yelling earthquake !
we do not want armed conflict , but the people of zimbabwe need the words of indignation from global leaders to be backed by the moral rectitude of military force , tsvangirai wrote in wednesday s edition of the british newspaper the guardian .
concern about a government failure to tackle renewed ethnic tension is believed to be one of the main reasons for the upset .
the parliament has tried times to vote on a new president , but failed because of disagreements over how to share power in a new cabinet .
mbc s call for a second test gained little support as a growing number of experts took issue with the reliability of the initial tests the television network commissioned and used to support the assertion that hwang s achievement was doctored .
nothing deterred them from doing serious damage to her house and each other with their tiny claws .
an estimated . million people were arrested in by the security services alone , and at least , of them were shot .
the web site is an extension of obama s online strategy during the campaign .
a bridge under construction as a tourist attraction in central china collapsed , killing at least people and leaving missing , china central television reported tuesday .
milan were embroiled in the italian match fixing scandal of last year and punished by the authorities with a points deduction that cost them their automatic champions league place after finishing second in the serie a table .
until then we will have to settle for tantalizing glimpses of it wrapped in foil .
north korea has requested large amounts of fertilizer from the south , to help alleviate chronic food shortages .
north korea always counterattacked , seldom waiting for a slow buildup .
just like the positioning systems in cars , the collars collect information about the whereabouts of the zebras , as well as their velocities and turning angles .
honore mashagiro , a ranger in congo s virunga national park , is the chief suspect in the slaying last summer of gorillas who belonged to a group known to environmentalists as the rugendo family .
our concern has been that the tobacco industry has been willing to accept efforts to go after kids as an alternative to going after the retailers , said eric lindblom , manager for policy research for the campaign for tobacco free kids in washington , d . c .
democratic presidential candidate barack obama said sunday that race is not the reason he is struggling to attract working class votes and insisted he can win over uncommitted superdelegates by showing he is best able to not just defeat john mccain , but also lead the country .
huang li swam more than a mile in the xiang river on tuesday , traveling with the current , her father said .
honestly i never saw myself doing tv , but salma was so convincing , says ferrera , who s starred in the movies real women have curves and sisterhood of the traveling pants .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
hundreds of monks and scholars are visiting the eastern city of hangzhou , but buddhist spiritual leader , the dalai lama , has not been invited .
fraser mclachlan , chief executive of gcube , which insures more than , wind turbines worldwide , told pa that although it was unusual , this kind of incident happened up to six times a year .
the exact identity of the kidnappers and whether any ransom was paid for the release of the workers are still not publicly known .
to , and underscored the prospect for more heated negotiations during the next round in january .
bush s letter indicated six party talks aimed at denuclearization of the korean peninsula were at a critical juncture .
the republican on wabc radio in new york .
south korea and the united states , which has more than , troops in afghanistan , agreed not to use force to free the hostages , but afghan troops warned villagers of a possible offensive in the area where the captives are held .
the anti government people s alliance for democracy pad , which has been leading protests since may , said it will not end its occupation of the airports until somchai resigns .
aiko actually means love child in japanese but the software engineer denies he has created the robot for sex .
the move also appeared to have the all clear from officials in thailand , where army appointed prime minister surayud chulanont told reporters thaksin has a lot of money . whatever investment he has made , that s his business .
we have apprehended him and he is being questioned now , said y . b . khurania , the deputy inspector general of police in orissa on monday . we have not yet arrested him .
japanese crewmen kidnapped the protesters , from the radical sea shepherd group on tuesday after they tried to board their vessel .
the somali capital has seen little peace since government troops backed by ethiopian forces drove an islamic movement out of the city in december .
journalist virendra arya , who was inside the shrine at the time of the blast , told cnn ibn that one person died at the scene and another succumbed to fatal injuries en route to hospital .
one suspect told an undercover federal agent during a purchase that it was difficult to bring ivory into the united states , but easy to sell it at high prices , the government statement said .
mourners had gathered to pay condolences to sheikh ibrahim aref al azzawi , whose two sons were gunned down two days ago , police and iraqi army officials said .
i like many different things you know so i m probably going to experiment , and if i didn t i d be a little bit strange and boring and stiff and kind of dead , and i m very not that .
burman said cbc was told the video was shot thursday .
columns of smoke rose over gaza city , while israeli tanks cruised along the edges of gaza .
a latest deal struck in october commits pyongyang to disable its key nuclear weapons facilities and present a declaration of all of its atomic stockpile and proliferation activities , both by the end of this year .
capitol hill correspondent jerry bodlander .
the republican took of the vote to win outright over his nearest rival , democrat walter boasso , who got .
tripoli , libya libya s highest judicial body said on tuesday it had commuted the death sentences against six foreign medics to life imprisonment .
president roh moo hyun reportedly told prime minister shinzo abe of japan in november that he was willing to compromise on the name of the sea of japan , as it is known internationally , or the east sea as koreans call it and want to have the rest of the world call it as well .
a salmonella outbreak that s killed at least people is linked to peanut butter produced by a georgia wholesaler .
paris , france cnn as a look , it is about as quintessentially french as it gets .
the five nations currently on the state department s state sponsors of terrorism list are cuba , iran , north korea , sudan and syria . north korea was put on the list in january .
twelve year old shaun is mourning his dad , killed in action in the falklands .
the attack damaged around shops , shattering windows and destroying the stores closest to the explosion .
the year old gave his first full news conference since taking on the role of party chairman of the pakistan people s party ppp , the party his mother led until her death two weeks ago .
during his life , he s produced at least bulls , said his owner , bull breeder victoriano del rio an average of bulls per year sired by the mayor since he was about years old .
the chief us negotiator said he was disappointed that rice had been excluded from the eventual deal but added he thought further liberalization would take place over time .
though severe by western standards , yang s penalty was normal for china , which sometimes executes people for nonviolent offenses such as tax evasion or smuggling , said joseph cheng , a political scientist with city university of hong kong .
benedict also praised south korea s efforts to halt north korea s nuclear ambitions in comments to seoul s new ambassador to the vatican , ji young francesco kim , who presented his credentials to the pontiff .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice promised full assistance to the palestinian authority and emergency humanitarian aid to gaza via the un .
at that time , the japanese military forces still possessed more than , airplanes , were going to be used as suicide attack , like a kamikaze , and most of the japanese military leaders were against to surrender to the allied nations .
obama ups jobs goal to million on bad economic news
and when that day comes , disney s shareholders will not be sorry to possess such familiar trademarks as abc and espn .
baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber drove an explosives laden truck into a village near the northern iraqi city of tal afar on monday , killing at least people and wounding others , an iraqi army official said .
the rival nations armies have skirmished several times .
once it was uncovered , however , he began to talk , they said , and they now believe he played a crucial role in the attack .
they are alleged to have helped a former private who has since been discharged from the army to plan , carry out and cover up the attack .
she disappeared march while traveling through turkey .
they will be pre printed with a forever stamp , the sender s name and return address , and can include a personal or business message .
he traded his body , essentially , in order to be a great artist , says schnabel .
as to who ll be playing the president after tomorrow , armisen and hammond predicted a tie on nbc s today show .
it s just been lately that swine flu has been all over the news , but researchers this morning say parts of this particular strain have been around for a while .
baghdad , iraq cnn a year old woman who lived in the southern baghdad outskirts has died of cholera , the th death in iraq from a recent outbreak of the disease , an iraqi health ministry spokesman said thursday .
parliamentary elections took place monday , and even though formal results have not been announced , it was clear from preliminary election commission results that bhutto s pakistan people s party , now headed by zardari , and sharif s pakistan muslim league n dominated .
the iraqi authorities fear the footage , released on the internet hours after the execution , could contribute to a dramatic rise in sectarian tensions between iraq s sunni and shia communities .
but works minister s samy vellu cast doubt on that assertion , saying his government had made no such order .
elsewhere , police there thwarted a suicide bombing .
located in the constellation hydra , the star is slightly hotter and larger than our sun and was recently discovered to possess a pair of giant planets .
in the movie , bond , allied with south korean operatives , is sent to intercept a crazed north korean officer , colonel moon , who is planning an invasion of south korea and then japan .
eight hostages have been released , a south korean official in washington said .
in south korea , seoul s kospi index was about . percent higher , while the straits times index in singapore was down about . percent .
cheema added that the lever was stained with blood .
but obama and clinton are likely to split the delegates fairly evenly , democratic analyst peter fenn said .
five fire engines are protecting the archaeological museum , which houses sculptures from the temple of zeus and artefacts from the ancient olympics , and anti fire systems have been switched on , according to the secretary general of the culture ministry , christos zahopoulos .
chalfie grew up in chicago , illinois , and received his ph . d . in neurobiology from harvard university in .
kfa is accused for accounting fraud .
that s the view of the european union according to a controversial art installation by czech artist david cerny , commissioned by his government to mark its six month presidency of the pan continental body .
evenly applied law and a level playing field are also important , eldon , , told a press conference in seoul .
london , england cnn an advertisement portraying a scantily clad schoolgirl seductively twirling her hair is offensive , a british watchdog agency said wednesday in demanding that low cost airline ryanair not run it again .
dr . irwin goldstein , editor of the journal of sexual medicine , cited a four week study of , couples in that found the median time for sexual intercourse was . minutes .
the nominees are scheduled to be announced for the th annual golden globe awards thursday morning and it appears to be a wide open race .
it has the world s largest collection of feature films .
emory university anthropology professor bruce knauft , who lived in a village in the western province of papua new guinea in the early s , traced family histories for years and found that one in three adult deaths were homicides
these st century airports boast the best shopping , classiest restaurants , as well as features such as indoor pools , orchid gardens , and free wireless internet .
today about m pairs of what europeans call trainers and americans call athletic footwear are sold around the world each year .
that is similar to a june survey which showed lee with . percent and park with . percent .
and always , always bring a host or hostess gift .
the prime minister says the situation is embarrassing not only to his government but to a u . s . administration that holds up iraq s government as a democratic model for the region .
maier , who started from the th position , had been nursing a back injury during training in the canadian rockies , having suffered a lower disc injury in early september .
in this situation we are now considering further steps .
i will work my heart out for the nominee of our party , and i believe that sen . obama will work as hard as he can for the nominee of our party .
a source in the perugia prosecutor s office told cnn the results would likely be released on thursday evening .
most americans drive practical cars like chevrolets but covet the power and luxury of a cadillac or lexus .
the unusually open italian final refused to revert to type in the second half with both defenses leaving wide open spaces at the back .
that ban was never lifted .
the judge in this case has banned the media from publishing or broadcasting any information that would lead to the identification of the accused or the alleged victim .
let s start the elections and let s see whether she wins , musharraf said , according to the newspaper .
neither goal was accomplished , and halutz has already resigned .
the us could face billions of dollars in trade sanctions for failing to scrap illegal subsidies paid to american cotton growers .
the nobel laureate said that two of her colleagues went to try to see esfandiari but officials at a judge s office would not let them in .
ebay , the world s largest online auctioneer , said it would lodge an appeal and said the decision was not a victory for copyright law .
jerry seinfeld made his big appearance at the cannes film festival wearing a fuzzy bumblebee suit and black tights .
the president told hospital staff that he remembered every detail from the moment he was shot , the australian associated press reported .
when britain is prepared to send a young man back to possible execution , that is inhumanity on a monumental scale , said peter tatchell , an activist for gay campaign group outrage . and i hang my head in shame , as a british citizen .
superior court judge linda k . lefkowitz postponed the trial to august .
young democracies from georgia and ukraine to afghanistan and iraq , can look to the united states for proof that self government can endure .
gaskill says it is important to let guests know not to leave their medications in an open suitcase or otherwise exposed .
last year , she said , a group of skinheads threw firebombs at the dormitory building after shouting offensive slogans and giving the nazi salute .
i just wanted to wear comfortable clothes when i work , said yoo , .
well , you can unplug the clipper chip and throw it away .
after reviewing reports of side effects over the last four decades , the fda found child fatalities from over the counter decongestant medicines .
he is france s all time leading scorer with goals .
in line with the negative public sentiment on the current housing market , about percent of respondents support strong antispeculation measures by the government .
the majority of the victims were koreans , whose nation was under japanese colonial rule before its liberation at the end of world war ii .
at one december service , wright argued clinton s road to the white house is considerably easier than obama s because of his skin color .
my town , which is home to people , is for obama , my children and their spouses are pro obama . my grandchildren are also pro obama as a superdelegate , i would not disclose who i am rooting for but i leave you to make that guess , he said .
while the coalition has agreed to work with musharraf , it has also said it would reinstate ousted supreme court justices within days of parliament s first session .
obama retains his six point advantage in the new poll of polls , with percent of voters saying the democratic presidential nominee is their choice for president , and percent backing mccain , the republican presidential nominee .
your child can look very different from your friends kids or from his own siblings at the same age and still be completely normal .
narcissism can have benefits , said study co author w . keith campbell of the university of georgia , suggesting it could be useful in meeting new people or auditioning on american idol .
his strong shoulders .
if anyone has any information about his whereabouts please contact the authorities immediately .
this holiday season , it seems high brow concepts are better off making their commercial debut in low tech gadgets .
at least traffic deaths have been blamed on weather related traffic accidents .
china backed north korea s argument , charging that the commission was not the right venue for solving the problem of tension over the korean peninsula .
following what happened yesterday , peace talks are halted until the israeli aggression stops , palestinian spokesman nabil abu rudeina said sunday .
a moment brilliantly anticipated in ibm s buzzword bingo tv ad link but this could be the year .
hu flew to mianyang in the hard hit sichuan province , which has become
last week , pakistan s top court lifted the exile on sharif , clearing the way for the opposition party leader s return for elections scheduled for later this year .
korea s potential growth rate continued to fall from . percent between and to . percent between and , and . percent between and .
the treasure hunting company would not say exactly where the ship was , citing security concerns , but said the site was outside any country s territorial waters .
chief cabinet secretary nobutaka machimura said it was clear that hatoyama did not directly know the al qaeda member , but he urged hatoyama before a cabinet meeting tuesday to be more careful in his remarks .
two fighter jets , including the one that crashed , had been undergoing night training at the time
russell said the company , which bills its salmon as organic and exports to france , belgium , germany and the united states , faces likely closure unless it receives emergency aid from the british government .
britain s queen mother has been laid to rest attended by close members of the royal family .
parts of the city have been sealed off with a steel fence to block anti china demonstrations like those at the relays in london , paris and san francisco .
dinosaur footprints have revealed that the ancient giants of million years ago were capable of rapid bursts of speed , faster than previously thought .
japan s nomura on monday said it had . billion million of exposure , but that the impact on its capital would be limited .
shinzo abe , japan s chief cabinet secretary , was elected president of the liberal democratic party yesterday , making it certain that he will be japan s next prime minister when parliament reconvenes tuesday .
among other professors joining the protest are hong jong ho , an economics professor of hangyang university and park chang guen , an engineering professor of kwangdong university .
google co founder larry page and chief executive eric schmidt , guarded tightly by security , were at the nasdaq stock market s broadcasting facility in manhattan as the web s most popular search engine began trading as a public company .
the couple said they loved each other to pieces and the use of the leash was a sign of trust .
africa is cited as the fastest growing mobile phone network in the world .
hill and kim met on tuesday at a new york hotel , after brief talks over dinner on monday night .
baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber killed at least shiite pilgrims and wounded others sunday as the pilgrims made their way to karbala to commemorate one of the holiest days of the shiite calendar , the interior ministry said .
el e is being tested by margeson and other patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or als , also known as lou gehrig s disease . we named it el e because she reminds us of an elephant .
to finish the war as soon as possible , that was the understandable decision by the president truman .
in a scene broadcast on a state run cuban television news program , the year old castro spoke animatedly with his younger brother , raul , who succeeded him as president in february and venezuelan president hugo chavez .
hargreaves , who has previously been troubled by tendonitis in the knee , has yet to play two games in a week after his pound
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
however , the dollar was traded for between , won and , won in the market , up to times higher than the official rate .
they said union leaders wanted to talk to members before accepting what was described as a take it or leave it offer from the government .
kouchner was not specific about what penalties europe might impose , other than to say they could be economic sanctions regarding financial movements .
this attack happened in tal afar , which is a city that has been plagued by a number of recent bombings
another senior party official , vice chairman makhdoom amin fahim , said ms bhutto had named zardari as her successor as party chairman .
the illegal military junga attempted to rename burma as myanmar but many burmese and foreign governments and news organizations refuse to recognize the change . pro democracy activists rallied in the burmese capital , rangoon , to mark the th anniversary of aung san suu kyi s party s victory in national polls .
eat plant and animal based protein throughout the day an egg or high protein cereal for breakfast , almonds midmorning , a cup of low sugar yogurt in the afternoon and your stamina should stabilize .
the associated press reported a higher number about have died since saturday .
the three countries are intent on letting north korea know before returning to the negotiations that it will not be viewed as a nuclear state .
north korean leader kim jong il s third wife , one of whose sons is apparently being groomed as next in line of succession , died of a heart attack and was buried in secret , reliable sources said yesterday .
meanwhile , mugabe said tuesday that the runoff will happen as planned . we will proceed with our election
the july report from the international crisis group warned against imposing a state of emergency , saying it would be a move by musharraf to retain the current lame duck parliament so he can secure re election before the people can express their will by voting for the new parliament .
another economist sees things in a little brighter light
professor hawking , who suffers from motor neuron disease , was able to float free , unrestricted by his paralyzed muscles and his wheelchair .
the skyrocketing cost of food has triggered violence in some countries , including haiti , bangladesh and egypt .
malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi had vowed to suppress the demonstration , and on saturday police had erected roadblocks and ramped up security in an attempt to close down the city s center .
two of its crew members were found alive , but others were missing .
crocker testified by video link from baghdad .
north korea has again insisted that its right to develop a civilian nuclear program is not up for negotiation just hours before talks in beijing .
we ask allah that they only get out of it after losing to hundred thousand killed , in order that we give the spillers of blood in washington and europe an unforgettable lesson , which will motivate them to review their entire doctrinal and moral system which produced their historic criminal crusader zionist entity , al zawahiri says .
for years scientists have labored to make progress in two frontiers of computer research .
with some help from the dress committee , harrell became klein s newly acquired , frock sporting landscaper .
it has been equipped with larger wheels than the usual tgv to cover more ground with each rotation and a stronger , , horsepower engine , said alain cuccaroni , in charge of the technical aspects of testing .
hwang and his colleagues , including all those on his research team , are being investigated and have restricted access to the research lab .
merger and acquisition
nato earlier reported a death in southern afghanistan but did not release the soldier s nationality .
create a list of skills you need to obtain , people you need to network with , financial items to take care of , and overall steps you need to take to get into a job or business that you are passionate about .
beckham will be disappointed by the news , especially as he has been training with arsenal during his holiday major league soccer s close season to get fit for capello s first game .
they have ruled the country which it calls myanmar since a coup in .
the clipper a very fast multi masted sailing ship used for transporting high value goods such as tea and wool was once regarded as the pinnacle of merchant sail vessel development .
but many business leaders who were involved in irregularities regarding public funds will not be pardoned this time , according to another chong wa dae official , who asked not to be named .
we are going to support and help with all that is correct for guatemala , but we are also going to be disposed to be critical .
i will be leaving probably after the first of the year , ingrassia said in a brief phone interview . there just didn t seem to be an appropriate place for me in the company .
we urge those holding the group to release them immediately . we are in close contact with the iraqi authorities and doing everything we can to try and secure a swift release .
some of my bones are eaten into . i don t have any more upper and lower jaws , she said in an interview last month , according to an associated press translation .
now yu , , drags herself out of bed at a . m . to squeeze in a few hours online before school .
fulbright invited the man to her apartment , then excused herself to shower , said police spokesman sgt . fabian pacheco .
the retired veterinarian was training with a triathlon team yards m offshore when he was attacked across both legs before the animal swam away .
guns n roses became guns n roses n lawyers this week .
watch an explanation of what s behind the fighting
along with education , koreans also increased their medical and health care spending . percent in .
the town of kishikawa is enjoying an economic turnaround amid the national and global slowdown .
myanmar opposition leader aung san suu kyi is living in virtual darkness after the devastating cyclone that struck the country blew the roof off her house , a neighbor said thursday .
he hopes guinness representatives will confirm in july that he holds a second title the world s greatest loser of weight .
in their last face to face meeting before a crucial primary showdown in pennsylvania , democrats hillary clinton and barack obama went back and forth over recent campaign trail controversies before staking out differences on taxes and the economy .
her arrest was first reported by hollyscoop . com .
it is the latest mission by the u . s . space agency to seek a deeper understanding of earth s next door neighbor in the solar system , including whether mars has ever harbored life .
the long march a rocket carrying the probe blasted off shortly after p . m . gmt after officials from the china national space administration said weather conditions were good for a lift off . watch the rocket launch raquo
suleiman said releasing gilad shalit , an israeli soldier who was captured by gaza militants nearly two years ago , is central to any agreement .
the quake s epicenter was about miles below the earth s surface , the usgs said .
turkey s air strikes against kurdish rebels in iraq on sunday were approved by the united states in advance , the turkish military has said .
liverpool , who left top scorer peter crouch on the bench until early in the second half , threatened sporadically .
these observations were included in the thesis that economists are preparing to present at an economic seminar hosted by the korean economic association that houses leading economic scholars .
the agreement known as the al yamamah arms deal is the largest in british defense history .
yawer said turkish helicopters were seen in the area during the strike but said that the choppers were not involved in the attack .
existing staff who have been employed by us for more than months and have completed their work will be able to apply for a package of financial payments to aid resettlement in iraq or elsewhere in the region , or in agreed circumstances for admission to the uk .
investigators were trying to determine the cause of the
he said he did not regret his decision to join bush in supporting the war in iraq and i believe that we will remain a staunch and steadfast ally in the fight against terrorism .
hewlett packard no . , revitalized under the leadership of mark hurd , passed ibm no . for the first time to become the leader in the computers and office equipment category .
no date has been set for the th round of discussions , but sources indicated the final meeting will be held in late july .
nagoya police said they had arrested two unemployed men and a newspaper salesman and charged them with abandoning the body of the woman , who was later found partially buried in sand in the forest around kilometers miles west of tokyo .
the search effort will stop if no signs of life are found , bob murray , co owner of the coal mine and ceo of murray energy , said earlier this week .
key nations have welcomed the move , but south korea s opposition party has called it an election stunt .
uh , the president elect and his team are under no illusions about iran s behavior and what iran has been doing in the region , and is doing in terms of its own weapons programs .
block s death came the day after two female soldiers with multi national division baghdad sgt . princess c . samuels , , of mitchellville , maryland , and spc .
but lawmakers approved the rescue package , backed by u . s . president george w . bush and treasury chiefs , friday after the u . s . senate passed it by a large majority on wednesday .
if he does not appeal , he could be handed over to u . s . authorities within days .
the blasts come a day after thousands of anti government protesters stormed the airport in an ongoing battle to oust thai prime minister somchai wongsawat , who was returning from an economic summit in peru .
how to get health care costs under control , and how to do it this year .
seasonally adjusted sales also dropped percent from a month earlier .
ghazni , afghanistan reuters afghanistan s taliban killed one of the south korean hostages on wednesday after kabul failed to free taliban prisoners , a spokesman for the group said , adding insurgents would kill more if their demands were not met .
and you can see the only place on this plate that the bacteria are growing , are around that disk containing the vancomycin .
the agreement calls for an act of parliament within two weeks that would change the country s constitution , creating the position of prime minister to coordinate and supervise the government and its ministries .
lee has mentioned the canal several times as a critical part of his plans for reducing national and corporate logistics costs .
scholes , making his st champions league appearance , took full advantage after barcelona failed to clear their lines following a surging run from ronaldo .
companies still have strong balance sheets , strategic m a has further to go , said teun draaisma , strategist at morgan stanley . the u . s . bank has moved to overweight equities and cut allocation to cash following a recent fall in stocks .
she s only a carrier .
the national election commission said bans on various acts which could affect voter sentiment take effect from june , days before the presidential vote .
disgruntled and downright ticked off , some blamed the band .
chirac also said other countries would stop any bomb launched by iran from reaching its target .
france competes with neighboring germany and with japan for contracts .
washington cnn a house committee chairman on thursday denounced the bush administration s planned sale of oil drilling rights in a prime polar bear habitat in alaska , saying its impact on the bear population is unknown .
many environmental groups claim japan s research program is merely an excuse to keep hunting whales .
ap high over texas and just short of home , space shuttle columbia fell to pieces , raining debris over hundreds of miles of countryside .
here s paul krugman on the cbs early show
the us marine corps has charged seven marines and a navy sailor with murder over the death of an iraqi civilian .
he was employed as a driver and held an identity card that israel issues to palestinians who live in east jerusalem .
if the constitution is not subject to major changes , definitely , i will tell my constituency frankly that i have made the mistake of my life when i put my endorsement to that national accord , he said .
prejean also failed to reveal to organizers that she had posed in her underwear as a teenager .
entrants had to briefly describe their idea and answer six questions , including , if your idea were to become a reality , who would benefit the most and how ?
the possibility of achieving normalization of the iwc is also being lost , morimoto said .
at the moment , there is an inflexibility that s inherent in our automotive manufacturing process . murray told cnn from his offices in surrey , uk .
the statement , which follows similar ones by nld figures , came after the junta said it hoped to achieve smooth relations with suu kyi .
we ve lost the balance between work and wealth .
referring to arrowhead ripper , bednarek said that the weeks ahead are crucial in not only holding and retaining the ground that is cleared but in winning the hearts of diyala residents .
ambulances from albany , about miles away , were sent to americus to help , weiss said .
finance and economy minister kwon o kyu had originally opposed interest rate cap , saying it could drive low income people away to unregistered loan sharks .
his character , barry b . benson , is an ambitious young bee who dreams of life beyond the hive .
the china daily newspaper said beijing s temperature hit . degrees celsius on saturday a year high for the date prompting an early spring , with frozen lakes melting and trees blooming .
a crowd of mostly young protesters marched to the headquarters of hong kong s government after the vigil and began a demonstration that , by police estimates , quickly grew to about people .
wen himself , in his first remarks , invoked that theme and underscored his focus on china s less fortunate .
president bush called on libya last month to free the medics .
the group of seven researchers questioned on monday was reported to include five affiliated with a seoul hospital that supplied human eggs to hwang s team , and two members of his research team at seoul national university .
during his assembly address , annan called on kenya s leaders to stop the downward spiral into chaos that is threatening this beautiful country .
obama leads in overall votes , states won and pledged delegates .
prosecutor s office and police would focus on human rights .
security around islamabad s airport was also tightened , police sources said .
rice s meeting monday with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas came amid concerns about whether a new palestinian unity government will renounce terrorism and recognize israel . watch why rice s visit comes at a difficult time
de jesus , or daddy as his thousands of followers call him , does not merely pray to god
air and ground strikes underway in the remote mountain region are aimed at large numbers of militant fighters .
the iranians are cooperating with russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives , he said .
the purge has begun .
several homes of samsung executives were also raided .
police discovered the bodies after receiving a phone call from a man who reported killing his family , the official said .
as a result of pyongyang s handover of the page declaration document and friday s expected destruction of the cooling tower at yongbyon president bush ordered some sanctions against north korea lifted and instructed the state department to remove the reclusive communist nation from u . s . lists of enemies and nations that support terrorism .
the group s annual report detailed its outlook on the markets and economy , as well as its view on monetary policy , the pricing of risk and emerging market economies vulnerability to external shocks .
some of the demonstrators clapped and and chanted slogans , while others raised their bhutto posters into the air .
the boeing was carrying at least crew and passengers from nations .
trade barriers for food should be eliminated , especially in developed nations , the report recommended , so small farmers can earn more money .
it s lucky it s not raining , said the attending nurse , vaelin gagahe , who delivered saito s baby on saturday .
said lee won chang , an opposition lawmaker .
communist china has denied reports that its military hacked into the computer network of the us department of defense in washington .
north carolina s attorney general eventually took over the case and in april of this year determined the charges were unfounded and said nifong would face a state bar disciplinary hearing .
aaa reports gasoline is a nickel a gallon cheaper than yesterday , going for a national average . .
the instruments would not have reacted to any other metal like copper .
khan was seized by police last wednesday after surfacing at a student rally at the university of punjab in lahore , police said .
the oscar nominated actress confirmed monday that she s pregnant .
previously he had escaped from a prison in the capital , kabul .
hill said his north korean counterpart kim kye gwan had told him at their sunday meeting that he was taking some ideas and thinking about them to work around the problem .
two women were freed following the first round of talks a fortnight ago .
cobb
exit polls show obama beat mccain by nearly three to one among first time voters .
all his elder brothers are dead .
s atilde o paulo , brazil cnn three heavily armed robbers stole two pablo picasso prints from an art museum in downtown s atilde
japanese foreign minister makiko tanaka at the conference called for resolute and immediate action across the globe to combat child sex trade .
the korea trade and investment promotion agency , however , projected export growth of percent year on year in the second half of the year , slowing from an estimated . percent rise in the first six months of the year .
the minute clip full of f bombs is up on tmz . com .
the ministry of national defense plans to submit a final report on the termination of the , strong zaytun division stationed in the northern iraqi city of irbil for humanitarian and reconstruction works to the assembly this month
a reptile enthusiast later claimed responsibility for the theft , telling national media he took taggen to protest the reptile s poor cage conditions .
naked nirvana baby still chasing dollars
although it s a number usually associated with satan , not the son of god , de jesus says that and the antichrist are , like him , misunderstood .
kuala lumpur , malaysia cnn malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim has denied accusations he sodomized a male aide in a politically explosive scandal , which he blamed on a government conspiracy to thwart his rising clout .
the endorsement could be seen as a blow to former sen . john edwards , who was kerry s running mate in the election .
it is not clear how they could have contracted the disease , although there were reports of ducks in the town having the virus .
lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to combat logistics regiment , nd marine logistics group , ii marine expeditionary force , the marine corps said .
giant squid grow up to feet long , but are not as heavy as colossal squid .
the joong ang ilbo reports the closed event will be attended by guests invited by dulpure , publisher of the korean translation of his book .
female gorillas only start reproducing at the age of or and only have one baby about every five years .
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration said a pacific wide tsunami was not expected .
they then made him strip to his underwear to ensure he was unarmed before detaining him .
an air force thunderbolt ii destroyed the downed helicopter with two pound laser guided bombs after the pilots were evacuated from the area , the military said
suspected rebels shot ramos horta , a nobel peace prize laureate , near his home on february .
qureshi said musharraf will make farewell visits to the army , air force and navy headquarters on tuesday and wednesday before standing down the next day .
cedear rapids , iowa cnn a man who was refused entry into a flood stricken area struck a state trooper repeatedly with his vehicle and was arrested for assault with a deadly weapon , cedar rapids police said monday .
in a telephone conversation with the news agency , ahmadi admitted the group has been contacted directly by the south korean government and that the seoul officials were repeating how they were putting their best efforts to get consensus from the united states for the prisoner swap and to acquire the united nations security guarantees for the face to face meeting .
the bees stung cops and firefighters who tried to corral them .
speaking at a joint news conference monday , jobs said apple would now approach the other labels to seek similar agreements .
the coalition forces called in close air support , killing al badri and the three others , the release said .
we might discern one too , in their shared concern for mariane and her baby .
so far gibbons has yet to be charged with any offense , however , under sudanese law , insulting islam is punishable with lashes , a jail term of up to six months or a fine , she said .
in parliament , meaning the selection of a new president will require a consensus to win approval .
police arrested a man who attempted to kidnap a year old schoolgirl in ilsan , north of seoul , monday .
his speech comes amid an apparent rift with iraqi prime minister nouri maliki , but bush said maliki was a good man with a difficult job .
with percent of precincts reporting , obama held a point lead over clinton .
the car was spotted in a parking lot of a wildlife preserve in kane county , illinois , just outside chicago , authorities said .
it s kinda hard to find anything good to say after your team loses to .
at t inc . on monday said it would be the exclusive u . s . carrier for the bold .
the return of parliamentary rule follows elections in december in which the people power party ppp , the party of deposed thai leader thaksin shinawatra , won nearly half the seats in the lower house .
a newspaper reporter from baquba and a tv cameraman from baghdad have been killed , the latest journalist deaths in a country that has been called the world s deadliest nation for the press .
oakley is a former employee of bechtel jacobs , the department of energy s prime environmental management contractor at the east tennessee technology park , prosecutors said .
the catholic archbishop says there are now icicles hanging from the pews and water dripping from the light fixtures very cold morning in chicago .
the safeway international , which was held in arizona this year , is also gone over a sponsorship issue and essentially becomes the lpga international in phoenix .
as the talks opened , canada urged wider participation in measures to tackle a terrible danger for the planet .
asked whether washington had declined lee s request , kwak said that was open to interpretation .
in may , the kingdom increased its production by , .
those might include further sanctions , she said .
tom moran tells wham it s a senseless tragedy
kabul , afghanistan cnn two foreign nationals working for the european union and the united nations have left afghanistan after the government ordered them out for allegedly trying to talk to the taliban , officials from the international organizations said thursday .
rbs shares fell . percent to close at . pence . , . , while abn amro rose . percent at . . .
pentagon spending takes about half the hit , while domestic programs take the rest , and officials say most of those on the block simply no longer work ?
some inmates escaped from a political concentration camp in northeastern north korea several months ago in an unprecedented prison break , news reports said tuesday .
the patients underwent magnetic resonance imaging mri of the brain and reported how much they tippled .
a british couple who married in a lavish second life wedding ceremony are to divorce after one of them had an alleged affair in the online world .
at least cars burned among the that piled up as the fog and high speeds made for a deadly mixture , police said .
the official described al libi as part of al qaeda s inner circle , who helped fill the void created by the capture or death of other senior people in the organization .
members sign up to make at least one barrel of wine per year milliliter bottles and decide what style of wine they want and what grapes they want to buy from numerous suppliers available .
an explosion at a women s spa in central tokyo on tuesday killed three people and injured at least three others .
darwin said that he believed his son to have suffered amnesia , caused when he was hit by a car at the age of four or five .
the agreement was reached friday during the security consultative meeting between defense chiefs of the two countries .
others are busy in the shipboard oceaneer club playing the latest video games , watching movies in seats designed to look like clam shells and climbing on the pirate ship play structure .
he has vowed to be a bridge builder and a harmoniser and to set the highest ethical standards .
robbie gould , drilled the tying and winning field goals as the bears outlasted the saints in overtime in thursday night football .
mayor vance trively says that the southwest iowa town of people is being overrun by dozens of feral cats and needed to do something .
alfaroon also sought the death penalty for four of al majid s five co defendants .
airport fire official marco ghimenti told sky tg tv that passengers left the plane through a door and an emergency chute .
the panel , consisting of seven snu professors and two outside experts , are investigating the authenticity of hwang s work on stem cells .
a third japanese pitcher , hideo nomo , has a fine . era with the dodgers , and a fourth , shigetoshi hasegawa , is as a reliever with seattle .
an additional three quarters of an inch of ice was possible by late monday in some areas of oklahoma , the national weather service said .
he says the nation s enemies don t take holidays , so those who defend freedom can t , either .
a local police chief told the french news agency afp that the ventilation in the container had failed .
haniya s remarks were first reported tuesday night .
may god have mercy on sheikh abu laith al libi and accept him with his brothers , with the martyrs , said a eulogy posted on a main islamist site , al ekhlaas .
there s clearly some geopolitical tension in the market , said mark pervan , senior commodity strategist at the anz bank in melbourne , australia . this will die down , but the market is pretty jittery at the moment , he said .
barbara caroli of italy caught her favela fever after glimpsing the thousand points of light gleaming each night from the jumbles of hillside houses .
last week , two bilateral contacts between washington and pyongyang took place through north korea s un mission in new york as part of increased efforts to narrow differences ahead of the talks in beijing .
the inquest , which is now entering its fourth week , must decide whether the deaths of diana , fayed and their driver henri paul on august , were an accident or murder .
a luscious poster of the louisiana food lovers pyramid , with pecan pie at the top and , along the bottom , gator , crayfish , oysters , and crabs .
the palm jumeirah increased dubai s shoreline by percent after work started on it in .
the prosecution has concluded that the documents can be classified as confidential and the leak subject to criminal charges .
a u . s . official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said wednesday the elections cast doubt on musharraf s future , but said it was too early to know whether musharraf will remain president .
noriega has had pow status while serving a drug racketeering sentence in the united states .
lee had represented the bank as a lawyer in its first lawsuit against gas supplier yesco before pulling out to take the supreme court job in august last year .
but yin said thursday the jobless numbers do not include migrant rural workers probably the most affected group because they move so frequently .
and other nations around the globe struggle with the economic meltdown , nobel prize winning economist joseph stieglitz says those who were attending the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , seemed to have been distracted by all the negative numbers
hall of fame north carolina state women s basketball coach kay yow has lost her fight against breast cancer .
for a new prime minister post to be created , kenya s constitution would have to be changed .
her work in egypt has yielded hundreds of finds in regions of the middle egypt and the eastern nile river delta .
moment when a former nato commander called him to learn more about bono s efforts to help poor people around the world .
the only editing oxygen ever did was to urge her not to use a particular slang for penis .
paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy has made a direct appeal to a colombian rebel group to release a french citizen held hostage for the last five years .
the mars rover spirit has uncovered the strongest evidence yet that the planet used to be wetter than previously thought , scientists reported monday .
the planned visit to seoul by secretary general nong duc manh of the vietnamese communist party comes just one month after his visit to pyongyang in mid october to meet with north korean leader kim jong il .
interviews with the children indicated that the majority were from villages near the cities of adre and tine along the chadian sudanese border , according to a november statement from the red cross , unicef , and the u . n . high commissioner for refugees .
the number of targets are said to be dropping .
there also are people like crystal , whose case was dropped by the orange county , florida , state attorney s office , who feel slighted by the justice system .
the poison cloud produced by the fire contaminated square miles , krol said .
now , a new study from italy is adding to the evidence that the mercury based preservative , once used in many vaccines , doesn t hurt children .
right now , we re mostly concerned about the staff . if the staff is fine , then the animals will be fine , wildt said .
albatrosses principally live in the southern atlantic but some also live in the northern pacific , the rspb says .
the lives of others , a look at the totalitarian powers wielded by east german secret police , won best foreign language film .
bush says the step which follows similar moves by u . s . allies is limited and temporary , adding he is confident it will help get markets working again .
the seoul young men s christian association said yesterday it had filed class action suits against both kt and hanaro telecom for allegedly making illegal agreements to fix prices .
the first was we were in danger of weapons of mass destruction and the second was that iraq was somehow to blame for sept .
the prosecution demanded a six year jail term for hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo for embezzlement and breach of trust .
that s a censor s nightmare .
twelve others were wounded , police said .
maasdriel is a collection of villages with a population of , .
iran s refusal to suspend uranium enrichment has been the main trigger for existing u . n . sanctions and the threat of new ones .
once bitterly divided , president kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga were shown on kenyan television sitting together at a desk during a public ceremony and signing the deal in front of a crowd .
super bowl pits the legendary pittsburgh steelers against the upstart arizona cardinals .
between and , some , farms evaporated from the american landscape .
or suzuki , formerly of the orix blue wave , leg out a triple for the seattle mariners .
korea and the united states had concluded negotiations in april and they planned to sign the accord on june .
the korea times reports south korea yesterday played down claims by a senior north korean official that pyongyang has reprocessed and had weaponized , spent plutonium fuel rods as a deterrent against u . s . hostility .
at the same time , eight of koreans were released through the negotiations between the afghan government and the taliban , according to yonhap news agency .
impotence is not a primary focus in traditional chinese medicine , but the price that men are willing to pay for a cure is significant .
four people dead of nabi in japan .
the temblor s epicenter was located about miles km southwest of the greek port city of patras , in the peloponnese region .
managers were bewildered about strategy .
we kind of have an informal betting pool going around in our center and that betting pool is does the north pole melt out this summer and it may well , said nsidc senior research scientist mark serreze .
the international committee of the red cross picked up the four in a jungle clearing of a rebel area in colombia and flew them to caracas , venezuela .
dominguez said his daughter lexi , , was the first to hear the helicopter overhead .
but the proposed deal was being reviewed by officials in the negotiators capitals before becoming final .
it is lightweight and has a tensile strength times stronger than that of a steel cable .
analysts say it could shake up the economics of several industries at once , but media business analyst shelley palmer tells the ap this won t be the savior of newspapers .
for celebrities , violating the public code on sexual conduct carries a steep price .
although kosovo is unquestionably albanian , arguably its greatest treasures are its serbian orthodox churches and monasteries .
the era of cheap natural gas is coming to an end , russian prime minister vladimir putin said tuesday at a meeting in moscow of the world s major gas exporting countries .
in january , when china suffered the worst winter storms to hit there in years , wen turned up at a rail station and apologized to the millions of travelers left stranded across the country .
ethel martin is deceased , but schultz said the post office wanted to get the card to a relative . that s how the year old relic ended up with bernice martin , ethel s sister in law .
officials say the evidence seized as part of operation sudden fall includes four pounds of cocaine , pounds of marijuana and ecstasy pills .
since taking over from juan antonio samaranch in rogge has stood firm on drugs , corruption and betting .
the war is tough , but the solution is not to get out .
the north insisted the issue be dealt with as part of nuclear talks which saw a breakthrough on february .
a nurse trying to save the children was also injured , suffering burns to her hands and face , said dubravko champara of the sarajevo prosecutor s office .
most leafy greens contribute folate , the b vitamin critical to red blood cell health and the reduction of neural tube birth defects like spina bifida .
first lady laura bush in a rare foray into foreign policy called on myanmar s military junta to step aside , give up the terror campaigns against its people and allow for a democratic myanmar in a commentary published in wednesday s wall street journal .
on june , the nec s first ruling was issued after the main opposition grand national party gnp filed a complaint against roh who has argued that he has the right to engage in political activities and has proposed amending the election law .
eight fellow soldiers , throwing a grenade into a barracks where his comrades were sleeping and firing a hail of bullets .
and you don t have to drive all over the metroplex as the locals call the dallas fort worth area to have a good time .
they have argued that such efforts divert attention from retailers who sell cigarettes to minors , which they view as the real source of the problem .
republicans said the measure unfairly targeted a single industry .
it was a welcome success for united after their lapse at bolton last week and lifted them above chelsea and liverpool to keep the pressure on arsenal .
iraq s interim government voiced confidence monday that an election scheduled for jan .
google said that it and youtube had yet to see the lawsuit but added they feel confident that youtube has respected the legal rights of copyright holders and believe the courts will agree .
one person has been killed in a fire that has burned more than , acres in the angeles national forest and encroached some northern areas of los angeles , mayor antonio villaraigosa said monday afternoon .
while obama was riding an contest winning streak back then , clinton won comeback kid honors when she took three of the four primaries held march .
lesko said the women , known only as samirah and enung , were subjected to punishment that escalated into a cruel form of torture that ended when one of the women fled on mother s day .
he lives with his parents , while the wife continues to reside in her precariously perched , upright half .
the spokeswoman said the duchess would carry out public engagements in the run up to the routine operation , including an overseas tour with prince charles to a number of middle eastern gulf states .
the flyers purported to be from an islamic group thanking labor for its sympathy for the bali bombers .
under the new israeli military orders , larger numbers of troops will be able to enter gaza to carry out pinpoint raids , the military officials said .
a sierra leone clergyman brought the horrors of his country s civil war to a courtroom tuesday , becoming the first survivor of the carnage to testify at the war crimes trial of former liberian president charles taylor .
wren said the u . s . warship was here as a show of solidarity with south korea and to provide a deterrence .
including most of western europe , new zealand , japan and australia must now register their details online at least three days before departure .
the korea times reports the constitutional court on monday started reviewing the special law on capital relocation immediately after a group filed a petition questioning the constitutionality of the law .
musharraf is under tremendous pressure by the united states and other foreign allies to end the state of emergency and set a date for elections .
it was the first time for bush to use the incendiary phrase axis of evil during his second term .
fred s spent eons envying nick , the favorite son who could do no wrong .
first , we did not play very well , scolari told associated press .
he and friends chased the truck for blocks before catching up with it .
the writers say the violence sparked by the publication of cartoons satirizing the prophet muhammad shows the need to fight for secular values and freedom .
i worked with great people at the law firm , but my passion was always for my art .
during that period , he was really a very uptight man .
the replacement homes cost an average , each and are for residents who still own their property and can pay insurance and taxes .
oil markets were little changed in midday trading , but had the potential to increase as the storm a rarity in the region headed toward iran .
he says the car company simply can t survive without major restructuring .
several of her doctors , all of them smiling , described her recovery over the past week very steady and good progress , one saying she is out of the woods as far as serious medical issues are concerned .
james monroe , andrew jackson , john tyler , james k . polk and zachary taylor all owned slaves while they were in office .
texas and ohio are the biggest prizes tuesday democratic delegates are at stake in texas and in ohio .
he added that urg is registered with the ministry and had no prior violations .
meanwhile , the ministry officially criticized a group of u . s . lawmakers for urging their president to push korea to abolish its percent tariff on u . s . automobiles , saying such an attempt could wreck the talks .
spears and federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in july .
seven times tour de france winner lance armstrong has been cleared to race in the tour down under in australia , the international cycling union uci have announced .
fila also fined abrahamian , , myllari , and the swedish federation , .
the democratic controlled house of representatives passed the bill late on thursday in a vote .
carl johnson , a family friend , told the associated press he saw the bloody trail left by terry caffey who dragged himself to a neighbor s house .
in all these ways , i will bring the values of our history to the care of our times .
patients who took the drug lost an average of . pounds , while others who got a placebo dropped about . pounds .
a uk reconnaissance plane supporting the offensive crashed on saturday , killing all people on board .
the confidential four page report said north korea has agreed to provide international atomic energy agency experts with needed technical information , access and other help needed to shut down north korea s plutonium producing yongbyon nuclear facility .
we will confiscate their ids and give them a ticket , akhmand sujadi , regional spokesman for the transit agency kerata api , told the newspaper . we will send a copy of the ticket to their family , their local neighborhood unit head , their employer , or , if they re students , their headmasters .
norway puts winter olympic bid in deep freeze
united nations cnn on the tenth anniversary of khmer rouge leader pol pot s death , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon appealed tuesday for the senior leaders of the regime to be brought to justice .
sharapova won the tournament in , and hantuchova has taken the title twice , the first time in .
it certainly hasn t in hitler marak s case .
former seoul mayor lee myung bak is ahead of park geun hye , former chairwoman of the grand national party gnp by percentage points and former kyonggi governor sohn hak kyu is most favored as the presidential candidate of the pro government camp , a poll showed .
for their part , the taliban have recently begun boasting that they have now got hold of much more sophisticated weaponry although they refused to say from where .
the show , which runs from sept . , will reflect concerns about high gas prices , fuel efficiency and global warming by putting green products and technologies front and center
they will discuss follow up measures to the agreement reached between president roh moo hyun and president george w . bush in washington , d . c . on sept to take a common and broad approach to peacefully resolve the north s nuclear standoff .
the desperate housewives star worked the drive through at the restaurant tuesday to help kick off the father s day frosty weekend , an event that donates cents for every frosty sold to the dave thomas foundation for adoption and its signature program wendy s wonderful kids .
if this group of demonstrators is correct , the u . s . government is covering up the most important secret of all time
jackson , however , claims the cash was a gift .
known officially as the national aquatics center , the watercube has been dubbed the cool building of the games .
two bomb blasts killed at least people and wounded in rawalpindi a city next to islamabad tuesday morning , pakistani police and hospital sources said .
mariano rivera wriggled out of a two on , none out jam in the ninth for his th career save .
those m . p . s say they were only following orders to soften up the prisoners for interrogation .
she then chose a veterinarian with care , opting to drive two hours from home to use a doctor she trusts .
marking a historic shift to the left for latin america s largest country .
some people spent the night at the airport instead of their holiday destination .
i find that some of the safer toys are more expensive , but it s worth it to me , duran said . i will pay more to ensure that my daughter is not playing with something that contains harmful plastics or harmful lead in the paint .
last year s sales were the worst in years , and figures to be another tough one .
philippine president gloria arroyo has said her country is unlikely to sign a new asean charter unless burma frees the opposition leader aung san suu kyi .
north korean officials raised no particular objection to the idea .
north korea s july missile launches and october nuclear test chilled what had been improving ties between the two koreas , which remain technically at war more than half a century after their conflict .
in the tuscan town of arezzo , police chief vincenzo giacobbe said the fatal shooting of the fan was a tragic error that occurred when a police officer intervened in a scuffle between two groups of people along a tuscan highway .
jon , the president s lifting a ban on funding studies using stem cells from embryos harvested after bush s announcement .
special forces have killed six afghan police and wounded in a case of mistaken identity on both sides .
is that your dress ringing ?
washington cnn president bush is warming up his veto muscles after the senate passed a war funding bill thursday that sets a deadline for withdrawal of u . s . combat forces from iraq by next april .
the u . s . fighters from elmendorf air force base were dispatched to meet the bombers and escorted them out of the area without incident , the officials said .
she said she is much more grateful after spending time in jail .
ambassador to korea christopher hill , newly named top u . s . negotiator on the north korean nuclear stand off , said the six party talks should serve as a framework for forming a multilateral relationship among northeast asian countries as well as the united states .
after hitting land , mitag veered toward the country s mountainous northern provinces , where authorities evacuated thousands of people due to fears of landslides .
tried to allay iranian fears over a planned u . s . iraq security pact , saying his government would not allow iraq to become a launching pad for an attack on its neighbor .
the institution is one of several far reaching proposals under chavez s ambitious call to unite latin american countries in a confederation of republics .
relations between south korea and japan must develop in a forward looking way , ban added .
public criticism mounted after the associated press , a u . s . news agency , reported that one of its reporters in the seoul bureau asked the foreign ministry on june whether one of its citizens with a name that sounded like kim sun il was missing or in captivity in iraq , but was told no .
a win would have put chelsea top of the table , but liverpool retain that position , one point ahead of the london side .
she finished tied for seventh aside from the fact it allowed one of the most exciting young players of the last few years to compete with her peers .
cast members put together a sham motorcade , hiring two motorcycles and three large cars on which they put canadian flags .
stimulant drugs can increase blood pressure and heart rate . for most children , that isn t a problem .
but musharraf s ruling pakistan muslim league q party said the system is fair .
cyprus is eager to take a big bite out of this growing market and boost the island s main industry .
the british physicist stephen hawking has completed a zero gravity flight in a specially modified plane .
president barack obama s top economic advisor says there s something wrong with aig insurance handing out billions of dollars in bonuses after taking billion in federal bailout money , and losing more than billion in one quarter .
the council , which oversees global peace and security , is the only u . n . body whose decisions are all binding .
the latest death toll report is little changed from a week ago when the confirmed number killed was put at , .
but when the time came to give up their son , they refused and the gods became furious .
the discovery channel lets online adventurers encounter live sharks via gps .
locals drink loads of strong coffee , read books and take up knitting with zeal reserved in other parts of the nation for church going or clubbing .
steve herrmann , editor of the bbc news website , says this is a welcome development .
bangladesh imports crude oil and petroleum products , which are then sold at subsidized rates .
after eight years as vice president , gore s bid for the presidency ended in in court battles over recounting votes in florida .
the imf s world economic outlook , released wednesday , called recent blows to the global economy the most dangerous financial shock in mature financial markets since the s .
the downward trend is still down , but if you want some good news , going by the climactic close , and the deeply oversold condition of the market , we do have the preconditions in place for at least a reflex oversold bouts .
the church of the holy sepulcher in jerusalem is thought to be built on the site of jesus crucifixion and resurrection .
that s what has won her so many grand slams .
santa monica fire battalion chief jose torres said monday the department responded to a call that involved wilson .
canada s sex tourism laws allow prosecution for crimes committed abroad , ap reported .
by switching out those cokes for water , kassouf saved , calories a day .
the bill elevates the importance of risk factors in determining which states and cities get federal security funds that would mean more money for such cities as new york and washington and also puts money into a new program to assure that security officials at every level can communicate with each other .
portable internet service providers will pay between billion won to . billion won in license fees .
athens , greece cnn a small fleet of foreign planes and helicopters is buzzing around greece to try to battle dozens of wildfires that have killed at least people .
the members of the security council voted on seven candidates in their third secret ballot on thursday .
the winds that were expected have arrived . the worst has happened , said mark savage of the los angeles county fire department .
a few precincts and some votes from abroad remained to be counted , but the outstanding votes are not enough to change the outcome , tarkhnishvili added .
mostly women , they are members of a christian church .
this coordinated central bank injection of liquidity totally cancels the changes of an inter meeting rate cut for the fed and this provides temporary support for the u . s . dollar , laidi told the associated press .
the french heart is also the most lifelike , with two pumps to send the blood into the lungs and the rest of the body , just like a real heart .
in a carefully staged television address alongside families of those killed in the september , attacks , bush said there were now no terrorist suspects under the cia program .
the informant made several overseas trips to discuss the plot against john f . kennedy international airport , even visiting a radical muslim group s compound in trinidad , officials said .
bad news , particularly bad news , for new york state , uh , and certainly bad news for the overall employment condition of the u . s .
plenty of the former were on display at geneva as the industry realizes that so called green cars can sell .
the official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the press , said the plane carried a crew of five cambodians and a russian co pilot .
the head negotiators from south korea , japan and the united states on the north korean nuclear issue met in seoul saturday , and again urged pyeongyang to return to the six party talks without preconditions .
there are positive signs .
cnn q
apple inc . and the beatles company apple corps .
after the helicopter went down , a quick reaction force was called in to recover it , the official said , and the two bradleys were blown up by roadside bombs .
the brother of the journalist now famous for hurling his shoes at president bush said his sibling s actions were spontaneous and represented millions of iraqis who want to humiliate the tyrant .
molo , kenya cnn kibaki on saturday appeared to offer a way out of the stalemate with the opposition over the disputed elections , announcing he was ready to form a government of national unity .
now , according to gershman , the internal revenue service wants access to the donated cash to cover taxes on the donations and on the money zapeta made as a dishwasher .
firefighters are bracing for another day of hot temperatures and gusty winds .
the oecd has slashed its growth forecast for the us economy and hardly expects it to grow at all in the first six months of .
microsoft executive jeff raikes remembers what the industry was like when he joined the company in .
sitting there watching that . to the west in canada s yukon province , tour operator torsten eder likes to tell a story about a marriage that was forged under the glowing curtains of light .
two million jews had died at the hands of the nazi scourge , but millions more were saved as the federal district of sitka , alaska , became the new jewish homeland all the more important when the fledgling state of israel went down to defeat in .
asked whether harwich police will be holding a holiday party in the storage bay
a spokesman for sharif s pakistan muslim league told cnn monday that sharif had been barred by the election commission because of a previous criminal conviction .
the british columbia coroners service confirmed that the remains found in a shoe on wednesday were a skeletonised animal paw that was put in the shoe with a sock and packed with dried seaweed .
in a statement released on its web site , the broadcaster said it will reduce its original output by percent to focus on fewer , higher quality programs .
powell said he has some concerns about the direction of the republican party , adding that it has moved more to the right than i would like to see it .
for beijing and other chinese cities , the issue is a special one because rural areas are more heavily populated than elsewhere in the country , she said in a telephone interview in august .
at a meeting in paris on thursday , the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers icann unanimously agreed to a policy that will eventually allow a host of new generic top level domains to join the list of domains that now includes dot com , dot edu and dot org , as well as country extensions such as dot jp or dot it .
if passed it would give the government sweeping powers over how foreign companies , including mines , operate in zimbabwe .
black could face up to years in prison , if the judge accepts the prosecutor s recommendation .
tensions between yushchenko , who has sought to lead ukraine into the european union and nato , and his rival , prime minister viktor yanukovych , who seeks to preserve ukraine s close ties with russia , have been building since the president ordered parliament disbanded in april and
nairobi , kenya cnn at least members of a kenyan gang were killed monday in a confrontation with police following protests in the capital city of nairobi and other parts of the country , local media reported .
alejandro foxley , the chilean foreign minister , said he worried that colombia s action would set a bad precedent in a region that , more than anything , needs to be united .
as the eldest sister , she tends to her siblings .
the government published a five year plan late on tuesday to increase inspections and tests on exported food .
hill said there is still a lot of language in the second draft containing a lot of differences .
in february , springsteen had resisted making a choice between obama and hillary clinton , telling usa today that there are two really good democratic candidates for president .
a foot higher than earlier thought
tough sledding is not expected as hillary clinton begins her confirmation hearing for secretary of state .
i ve been around , doing this work for years , clinton fresh from an cameo appearance on saturday night live told voters at westerville north high school in suburban columbus , ohio .
national polls show obama leading mccain by about percentage points .
more than medics and engineers have already been operating in southern iraq since last year .
like nearly million other children in the united states , hannah , a second grader from smyrna , georgia , has asthma .
most abductions are for ransom although a few have been politically motivated .
her funeral was held monday at truro cathedral , visick said thursday .
middleton said the photograph was taken as a result of harassment , a press complaints commission spokesman said thursday .
look , we re in a crisis now . we re in a huge recession , but i don t want to make it even worse .
bad boss target setting
red cross teams and other agencies are trying to deliver more than , tarpaulins , kitchen sets , blankets and water purification tablets to the worst hit areas .
once he sees a doctor , we will have a better sense of the level of seriousness of his shoulder injury and the recovery time needed to get him back to his full physical activity , according to the statement .
in addition to a fire , there were leaks of radioactive water and gas and drums containing nuclear waste burst open .
it s life , plus hundreds of years , for brian nichols for the murders of a judge and three other people during a brazen escape from an atlanta courthouse in .
the launch of the program in kicked off the mental fitness craze in japan .
according to the documents , hillary clinton started that day at a private meeting in the white house .
authorities have cut off electricity and the water supply in many districts .
the commission identified the woman as judy kay zagorski , , of pigeon , michigan .
we have to sell them , so we re not going to build anything until it feels right .
zahir shah ruled afghanistan from until he was deposed by his cousin in .
thick plumes of smoke are choking the sky over the camp as soldiers attack the militants with tanks and artillery .
she and her husband , former us ambassador joseph wilson , had sought financial damages for violation of their privacy rights .
macau has unblocked funds that have been a stumbling block to a deal on north korea s nuclear program , macanese and us officials have said .
this is a scenario being repeated in rural communities all over the country .
annan s speech came as police and demonstrators clashed in nairobi and hours after gunmen killed opposition lawmaker mugabe were in a car outside his house .
the ring was engraved with the year .
she has the right .
the thai news agency reported the aircraft that crashed was a u . s . made mcdonnell douglas .
he has faced opposition due to his poor record on democracy .
police said the accident happened on the westbound a autobahn between the towns of seewalchen and st . georgen , northeast of salzburg .
the wing bowl is held every year on the friday before super bowl .
seong said north korea s abandonment of nuclear arms programs and peaceful relations between the two koreas were preconditions for implementing the assistance plan .
musharraf , who quit as military chief and was installed for a second five year term last month , has drawn criticism from nuclear armed pakistan s western allies for the emergency , which he says will end ahead of a january election .
they were arrested two days later .
a u . s . military statement said the casualty toll was dead and wounded .
consider that combustible internet software company netscape communications .
peter braunstein , , was convicted of kidnapping , robbing and molesting his victim on halloween .
but a report filed by iraqi police accused us troops of rounding up and deliberately shooting people in the house , including five children and four women , before blowing up the building .
one bhutto source said the document was compiled at her request and said the information came from sources inside the police and intelligence services .
judge rodney melville announced his decision on monday after hearing submissions in the jury s absence .
earlier in the day , canada s public broadcaster , cbc , posted on its web site still photographs taken from the video but did not broadcast the tape .
does lego the company give you a discount on the bricks ?
despite that pledge from the world s leading oil producer and the u . s . move to temporarily stop filling government stockpiles , prices have shown no indication of stopping their record run .
in a letter issued monday to the chairman of the federal election committee , mccain s lawyer said the arizona senator has the right to withdraw from the program because it is voluntary and he has not used funds from it .
bryan , who broke up with his wife recently , said bon jovi is always looking for musical subject matter .
doctors treating maradona say his current problems were not brought on by drug use but his addictive personality .
the two men had a bitter battle for the nomination in and have disagreed famously on several fronts over the years since then .
kigenkai , founded in , is based on japan s indigenous shinto religion .
monckton also disputed al fayed s claim that diana was pregnant .
them more vulnerable to predation , so infidelity is a heavy burden .
the world bank cited the following areas as those in most need of assistance
it might take the entire length of the national mall just to accommodate all the egos that perform at an inaugural concert at the lincoln memorial this sunday afternoon .
the one hundred twelve people on the boeing used emergency chutes to escape the burning plane .
th ruling sure to widen the controversy over the anti north korean law , the supreme court opposed its proposed repeal as it dismissed an appeal by two college students indicted for violating the security law and upheld a lower court s decision to sentence each of them to a month prison term .
the locals have barely recovered from their new year s hangovers and are already preparing for the five day long , no holds barred pre lenten bash .
with this bunch of assassins in damascus , they don t care about international justice , jumblatt told cnn international .
the taliban yesterday resumed its threat to kill the south korean hostages as seoul officials and the taliban struggled to come up with an appropriate venue to hold a direct face to face meeting , originally targeted for the past weekend .
reagan s innermost thoughts were kept in by inch , maroon leather books .
on monday uk prime minster gordon brown called the stars actions inappropriate and unacceptable , the uk s press association reported , while conservative opposition leader david cameron questioned how the show , which was pre recorded , had been broadcast in the first place .
stocks are mixed , after comments by fed chairman ben bernanke that if the bank bailout program is a success , the recession would probably end this year .
senate groused , coupled those record profits with record layoffs .
south korea is capable of retrieving wartime control of its forces from the united states even at the current stage and the alliance will not be affected by the recovery as washington also hopes to give it back to seoul , president roh moo hyun said on wednesday .
to prevent the spread of the virus , quarantine officials have so far destroyed about , chickens and ducks within a meter radius of iksan , which is about kilometer south of seoul .
developers carmat , funded by the european space and defense group eads , presented the device at a press conference in paris on monday .
at the start of every school year , there are reports of freshmen suffering serious bodily harm and even dying as a result being forced to binge drink by senior classmen under the excuses of romance on the campus , or campus tradition .
the united states is developing a proposed billion , year arms sales package for saudi arabia , a senior administration official confirmed on saturday .
lee will also advocate a more pro business stance to revive the economy .
no , there s a catch . again with the catch ! the hero of fox s new amsterdam , he s been feeling seriously alone for nearly years . it even drove him to drink .
with a cd of just . , the four seat bionic is significantly more slippery than today s most aerodynamic production vehicle , honda s two seat insight cd . .
when it comes down to it , though , it is all about having a choice and providing high quality options for students , whether they are gay or not .
sevilla s champions league third qualifying round second leg against aek athens in greece on tuesday has been postponed until next monday .
the navy plans to fire at the satellite as it enters earth s atmosphere at an altitude of about miles .
despite claims that there will be a runoff to determine the impoverished african nation s next leader including a report in zimbabwe s state run newspaper the mdc says morgan tsvangirai won the election flat out .
the members of the security council voted on seven candidates in their third secret ballot on thursday .
a lawyer for guns n roses says while the band made good on their promise , dr .
neither is expected to have enough pledged delegates to win the nomination before the party s convention in august .
we have to use blowtorches to open the sides of the train cars to reach the people , said pedro machado , commander general of the rio de janeiro fire department .
the taliban has been demanding that imprisoned terrorists be released in exchange for the hostages .
he denied , however , that his activities were aimed at real estate speculation , claiming that five residencies were for his children s school environment .
since kabul s administration did not listen to our demand and did not free our prisoners , the taliban shot dead a male korean hostage , qari mohammad yousuf told reuters by phone from an unknown location . cnn was unable to confirm the report .
stocks are up this morning , the dow ahead almost points , an optimism about a bailout deal , but the credit market squeeze continues to ease the crunch .
state department spokesman tom casey , in a statement , said it was unfortunate that north korea has not yet met its commitments to provide the nuclear declaration and has slowed down the process of nuclear disablement .
i was always a little overweight and i did comedy very well .
hendrix , who headlined the legendary woodstock festival in , died of a drug overdose in .
the cute , cartoonish aliens are lost , and they need help getting home .
koreans accuse the dynasty s last rulers of incompetence and blame them for korea s humiliating year subjugation to japanese rule .
the first after his original car was stolen , and the second three months later after two armed men pointed guns at him , got in and drove off with cruz inside .
rafiqullah s father , a poor tradesman from south waziristan in pakistan , had sent his son to a religious school , or madrassa , to learn the koran .
neil will be extradited to canada , said kim scanlan of the toronto police child exploitation unit .
when alaska raised its alcohol tax in , deaths caused by or related to alcohol dropped percent .
baghdad was also hit by violence on wednesday .
most loya jirgas in the past have been all male .
new york cnn a year old woman collapsed and died on the floor of a waiting room at a brooklyn psychiatric hospital
she would have been china s first judge on the body , which rules on trade disputes between wto member states .
when sharks attack humans , it inevitably makes news it is a sexy story .
his systems are scrambled when he bumps into eve , a gleaming research pod from the mother ship .
lahore police describe the building , where about , people work , as destroyed .
hill said he was happy the team was set to go , but cautioned that shutting the reactor was just a first step .
in his book , he also claims that he will implant a wheel in the abdomen of each of his disciples .
the world economy will slow sharply this year , according to an international monetary fund forecast , with the united states sliding into a recession amid housing , credit and financial slumps .
after consultation with the information communication ethics committee we closed five communities , which claimed japan s sovereignty over tokto , a daum spokesperson said .
adding biofeedback to tiger woods pga tour , for instance , could mean that only those players who muster zen like concentration could nail a put .
the intruders included men , women and children .
this is a moment of truth for the international community to draw its own conclusion from this incident , he said . it can send a message to chad to desist from acts of destabilization .
a year old man and his year old son were working in the field friday afternoon when they were caught by the fire and died at the scene , said louis haynes , a spokesman for the uintah basin interagency fire center .
that little bit of audio was a sneak preview of the golden globe nominations out this morning , ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld reports , there s some strange competition in at least one category
but the lee camp urged president roh moo hyun to stop plotting heinous schemes to prolong its power and to form a neutral caretaker government .
hezbollah was harshly criticized by lebanon s top muslim spiritual leader , who said it was using the demonstrations as a political opportunity .
the results of the election have not been announced and a recount is under way .
i hope it will work , barghouti told cnn , adding that the situation is miserable .
but after the report on the war by the winograd commission , polls show that olmert s support among the israeli public is virtually zero .
the aids patients were moved by the authorities to an unknown location , it said .
cnn when a yellow dragon roars , beijing listens .
but mccain , the arizona senator who has strongly backed president bush s iraq policy , accused romney of hedging after public support for the war waned .
the northern end of the span appeared to drop first , and the southern end followed .
hundreds of greek fire victims crowded into banks to receive up to , in aid promised by the government , which has been accused of mishandling the disaster .
doing god s work with a lexus and rolex
david , adopted from malawi
she wrote that she is disillusioned by the failure of democratic politicians to bring the unpopular war to an end and tired of a peace movement she said often puts personal egos above peace and human life .
jack quickly became determined to learn the craft .
the vote followed an emotional debate between those who said the research was vital to open up medical progress , and those who said it destroys human life .
tonight , is a night for the winners to savor , but we won t be going away .
officials said the standards for loan modifications should fast track changes in payments .
unconfirmed reports say the attack followed an argument between the gunman and his girlfriend .
south korean lee doo yong , who directed the latest film version , said he took his version of arirang to north korea in october , and censors there agreed to screen it in two cinemas in pyongyang from may .
hanami late march to early may
meghalaya abode of the clouds is a state of . million people .
is the more you yahoo , the better ?
president george w . bush says he will lead an investigation into how the hurricane katrina disaster was handled .
how many slams can he win ?
the un secretary general ban ki moon wants world leaders to intensify efforts to achieve a ceasefire
we have no doubt that that the special relations between the two nations will continue and strengthen during the obama administration .
ex king gyanendra made remarks to reporters before departing the narayanhiti royal palace in kathmandu .
a world facing increased food scarcity needs to trade more , not less , the report said .
jerome vasconcelos owns the ludlow garage in new york city .
vice president joe biden opens a meeting with state officials warning them if they mis use money from the billion economic stimulus package , then they shouldn t look to the federal government to step in again for a long time
the supreme court ruled that women s equal rights in their paternal families .
chan received , votes , or about . percent , of the ballots cast in sunday s election , according to official results announced early monday .
the report said that while climate change is widely recognized as being a threat by insurers and reinsurers , their strategies towards it have been mixed .
john edwards was in third at percent , down one point overnight .
the move comes after a prosecutor for another detainee resigned .
those images can be emailed to friends and users can download real time video content .
located inside the university of addis ababa s veterinary school in bishoftu , the donkey health and welfare project treats the animals for free and gives the farmers who bring them stern advice on how they should care for the beasts .
the south korean won rose about percent against the greenback last year .
the ioc has stripped the medals from marion jones united states relay team mates at the olympics because of her doping history .
officers and paramilitary forces were also out in force around kibera and in other parts of the kenyan capital .
that should happen this fall , when the first bluetooth upgrade in three years , bluetooth . , starts shipping .
the concert came at the end of a three day festival aimed at promoting the use of bicycles in sangju city , kilometers southeast of seoul .
the statement also derides morton for writing outlandish and malicious lies to sell books .
this is nice for after dinner strolls and might even save some energy which was congress motive , but the computing industry has had to scramble .
and most military women don t want to be excluded .
itcho ito , who was , was shot at least twice in the back in the centre of the city just before pm on tuesday , and died in hospital on wednesday .
we believe that the forces which crossed oceans and thousands of kilometers to come to this region should leave this region and hand over the affairs to the peoples and government of this region , ahmadinejad said .
the docking went on as scheduled in automatic mode , mission control spokesman valery lyndin said .
a korean american lawyer in los angeles said tuesday she has sent documents to the korean prosecution showing a clear link between presidential candidate lee myung bak and a financial scam involving her younger brother .
there is some good news , though postmaster general john potter welcomes recent reductions in the cost of fuel , a major expense for the post office .
baby manjhi was conceived when a japanese couple paid a clinic in india to have the husband s sperm and an anonymous donor s egg implanted in the womb of an indian surrogate .
schumer , a new york democrat , earlier this year introduced his own bill that would impose heavy fines for spamming , mandate jail term for repeat offenders , and create a do not spam list of e mail addresses .
cnn has not been able to confirm that blazers was cho s account , but ebay profile information also now taken offline showed the user being in blacksburg , virginia .
it has a personality all its own .
tuesday s decision by the council of state the highest administrative court in the netherlands means kazemi could face deportation to britain , which he fears will send him back to iran .
some of ronner s telecom engineers will be able to dial in remotely sunday to make sure the time change went seamlessly at catholic healthcare s offices and hospitals .
the united states had promised to resolve the case this month as part of international efforts to roll back the communist regime s nuclear weapons program .
pakistan s nuclear stockpile may be technically secure , bolton said but the issue isn t whether the weapons are locked away . it s a political issue , the former u . s . ambassador said . if the military comes unstuck , if it divides , then the technical fixes won t protect those weapons .
inside the building , the seats rock , convulse and swivel as a movie filmed from the cockpit of a jet fighter is projected onto a concave screen .
alarmed , the government s ministry of gender equality designated fighting the sex industry a top policy goal for this year .
but thorny issues including the u . s . demand for wider access to korea s agriculture and automobile markets , pharmaceutical sector , and korea s demand for wider access to the u . s . textile market have not yet made any progress , raising doubts over the possibility of meeting the deadline .
john kerry was to challenge president bush over the war in iraq thursday in the climactic speech of the democratic national convention and pledged an administration where america never goes to war because we want to , we only go to war because we have to .
but increasingly such technologies are being used for business .
during tuesday s two hour meeting , chen and chief taiwanese negotiator chiang pin kung agreed to hold high level talks every six months alternatively in taipei and beijing , taiwanese official kao koong lian told reporters .
hit singles and classic tracks will reportedly cost a buck twenty nine , up thirty cents .
the official confirmation by the health ministry has set health safety alarm bells ringing just weeks before japan is due to co host the may june soccer world cup finals itself struck by foot and mouth disease in its pigs .
the cayman islands government said tuesday it has banned cruise ships from anchoring at a port where their huge chains have damaged coral reefs .
this work has been part of ntt docomo s r d investigation into various styles of human interface .
but she tried to brush off the impression that washington is goading seoul into a hard line policy against north korea .
in his weekly radio and online speech , the president calls on the american people to pay tribute to veterans on memorial day
now , i am a soldier in the liberation army .
cnn dallas has long been a sociological curiosity .
on sunday , a man and his son were arrested two days after the man allegedly stabbed a young girl he was attempting to molest .
obama received significant boost to his campaign friday when he received the backing of the . million member service employees international union .
the fighting threatens to unravel a seven month cease fire by al sadr s mehdi army .
this is a fair , evenhanded treatment of tom cruise s life , morton said tuesday on nbc s today show . he s a man who deserves attention .
baghdad , iraq cnn at least seven people were killed in and around the iraqi capital tuesday , including two coalition service members and the director of the iraq geological survey .
so it is good for people who are starting an exercise program for the first time and for older people .
sanchez vicario most likely will replace nadal with tommy robredo , clay court specialist nicolas almagro or marcel granollers .
leaders issued an action plan affirming their commitment to the six party talks that have been trying to persuade north korea to dismantle its nuclear program .
but some royal watchers said the move would further embarrass the royal family and add to an air of farce around the april ceremony .
a man clad only in underwear and a t shirt wrestled a wild leopard to the floor and pinned it for minutes after the cat leapt through a window of his home and hopped into bed with his sleeping family .
his speech will follow criticism from senior democrats , who have said proposed reductions in us troop numbers in iraq are insufficient and do not represent a change in course .
violence between the factions left four dead on sunday .
the service said it hoped the revision would attract more foreign companies to the seoul exchanges and boost the development of securities markets here .
ubs joins several other european banks who are being hurt by rising defaults in the united states market for subprime mortgages , or home loans to borrowers with tainted or weak credit .
dozens were arrested at the unauthorized st . petersburg rally , including eduard limonov , an opposition leader and member of the other russia a coalition of opposition groups that organized the rally .
the unemployment rate could reach double digits , he said .
the national tax service has launched an unexpected special tax probe into kim chang , the nation s largest law firm , according to sources familiar with the move .
richard nicholson , editor of the uk based bulletin of medical ethics , said he was sceptical of the claim , but said if it was true the baby s future was grim .
the former lazio center back was not included in roberto donadoni s squad for the european championship qualifiers in the faroe islands and lithuania in june after asking to be left out because he was getting married .
who defines primary health care as being universally accessible to individuals and families in the community by means acceptable to them , through their full participation and at a cost that the community and country can afford .
two men were killed in suburban taipei when a landslide buried their house , the center said .
u . s . based prudential financial is to be the first foreign financial organization to establish its asian regional headquarters for asset management in korea .
police gave the year old a warning , but further punishment was left to the family .
troops and war planes are trying to drive out taliban militants .
but at the same time , she guards her privacy .
in a press release , sprint said samsung telecommunications america , samsung s u . s . affiliate , will be the main infrastructure provider of mobile wimax .
in the last few weeks , they have changed their position , and they stopped a lot of their tactics and a lot of intervention or interference in the iraqi internal affairs , al rubaie told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer .
pavarotti , who is , has been suffering from pancreatic cancer and was released from hospital on august after a series of tests were carried out .
the police official said the man was detained for questioning , but could not confirm if he was arrested or charged .
those states have a combined delegates up for grabs .
lars bromley , director of the aaas geospatial technologies and human rights project , said he had received more than reports of rights violations .
we should note that some other militant islamic groups in pakistan also might have the intention and capacity to target danish targets in pakistan , he said .
the results of cotte s study are on display at the metreon in san francisco , as part of the exhibit da vinci
democratic senator john testor agrees , saying there s no way taxpayer money should ve been used for the bonuses
as dust and smoke fill the tunnel , people on the platform rush away , and police head toward the blast .
set in the s , the film follows three korean outlaws on a chase across the desert plains of japan occupied manchuria on a hunt for a legendary treasure map .
the quake the strongest in the solomons in more than three decades set off tsunami alarms from tokyo to hawaii and closed beaches along the east coast of australia more than , miles away .
upset by the protest resignation of korea s prosecutor general over the weekend , roh complained that prosecutors could not be exceptions to civilian control .
telson electronics , one of the big cell phone makers , announced monday it had applied for court mediation to creditors to suspend its debts .
eastern chad and northern central african republic have seen a spillover from the year old conflict in sudan s western darfur region , with cross border raids by sudanese militias and the influx of tens of thousands of refugees .
in a news conference yesterday afternoon , education minister kim shin il said there will be no changes to an announcement made last week .
the foot was found monday on the shore of westham island south of vancouver , according to a police press release .
like humans , dog blood donations are one pint , which can provide several blood products .
i don t understand what kind of methods were used for the ministry to come up with a total of , students for all law schools , said rep .
about half of the reports , which have included threats to carry out shootings and bombings , were aimed at colleges , and the other half at other types of schools , officials said .
and i thank vice president gore for a contest conducted with spirit and ended with grace .
obama calls for dramatic action
the final , word announcement endorsed several stimulative measures , including interest rate cuts by central banks around the globe or potential economic stimulus packages .
the strikes are widely seen as a test of sarkozy s political will , and the government has so far stood firm in the face of the striking unions , refusing to negotiate on the central issue of retirement age .
uganda is also to be commended for its contribution to peacekeeping in somalia , which is a tribute to the courage and professionalism of uganda s armed forces , the year old monarch told the ugandan parliament .
the trade group is trying to stop people from copying music over the internet .
a final agreement will be signed in the next few days and payment for gas already used will begin shortly , putin said .
the united states may propose a renegotiation in the labor and environment sectors following consultations between the u . s . administration and congress , foreign minister song min soon told a parliamentary committee .
our mark smith has the story
as a result , istanbul based ramazan baydan has had to recruit extra staff to meet orders for pairs of the model brogues , britain s daily mail said .
as the adjustments take place , there will be a reduction in the number of u . s . forces located in the republic of korea beyond the level of , that we currently agreed to , the official told yonhap news agency .
the pipeline links iraq s northern and southern oil fields .
they hope the prize will urge people to completely reconsider what a car should look like and how it should function .
the supreme prosecutors office says it will announce thursday the results of their month probe into the lone star keb deal .
the los angeles based adult entertainment company said they obtained the sex tape from a memorabilia collector .
the four paintings are worth a total of about million million swiss francs .
its pedestrianized main drag is lined with modern art and hotels , and borders a district of slick office buildings .
nowak has pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon .
hotel rooms are scarce , however .
u . s . president george w . bush and other international leaders have called on him to restore democracy in pakistan by ending the
america , at its best , matches a commitment to principle with a concern for civility .
as emergency services battled with blazes on the islands of gran canaria , tenerife and la gomera , spain s environment minister cristina narbona said the situation was very alarming , promising more fire fighting planes would be sent to the islands .
the dow jones industrial s now down points , about and a half percent .
the cholera epidemic has killed five this month and three in july , abdoulbar youssouf , the director general of el marouf hospital , the comoros largest , told reuters .
the initiative would be the largest us investment ever against a single disease .
of the condemnation , paul gimigliano , a cia spokesman , said , there are some things that don t even deserve comment . this is one .
land rover and jaguar are part of ford s premier auto group , which also includes volvo .
but the child soldiers can be frighteningly cold and effective , according to cnn africa correspondent jeff koinange . audio slide show koinange describes coming face to face with gun wielding children
. the roads may be safer than ever , but mind the bridges .
because of a mechanical malfunction , aa flight was hours late leaving chicago s o hare airport on february .
others had their hands bound with rope and others held chains they say are used to torture political prisoners in myanmar .
but a rising number of american businesses , consumers and interest groups are welcoming the labeling method as chinese food and other imports have recently been headline news for their unacceptable health and safety standards .
of the joint chiefs of staff committee , gen . ehsan ul haq , congratulated the scientists and engineers for achieving an important milestone in pakistan s quest for sustaining strategic balance in south asia , the military statement said .
we can say that the relations are normalized after the ups and downs you all know about , said spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos , who appeared at a madrid news conference with rice .
the national democratic party also banned florida and michigan s delegates from attending the party s national convention this summer .
usher s mother has been his manager since he was a teen , but now the superstar says he wants her to be just mom .
the issue may still be revived before the end of the conference on wednesday .
i can t wait to get back on stage with him in this role that i understand so well .
authorities in trinidad are still seeking a fourth suspect , abdel nur .
we ll get more information on this story in the hours ahead .
kaufman will also direct .
while the simple is familiar to chinese e mail users , they often use the english word at to sound it
un secretary general kofi annan said he was shocked at the apparently deliberate targeting of the post .
she said jolie was admitted recently but would not say exactly when .
he received of votes at a national congress held in moscow by the other russia coalition , coalition spokeswoman lyudmila mamina told the associated press .
prince harry to train as military pilot
at least people were killed and nearly , people detained during the september crackdown .
khieu samphan later was formally charged with crimes against humanity and war crimes during his appearance before the co investigating judges , said tribunal spokesman reach sambath .
the report , compiled by playfair an alliance of global trade unions and labor groups identified four factories that it says are abusing chinese and international labor standards to produce olympics licensed products .
the save harry ! petition calls on rowling to reverse her decision to end the bestselling series with the seventh and final installment , harry potter and the deathly hallows .
the attack was planned for tuesday , police said , and may have been intended to coincide with the anniversary of a school shooting last year in germany .
they priced a chance for rates to reach . percent by the year end .
about his country s troubled economy .
should the insurgents be willing to hand over their weapons and accept the constitutions of both countries ?
kim neale of the student union , who will represent avenir at the hearing , says the incident has sent shock waves through student ranks .
love gave elektra its first chart single , an oddball cover of burt bacharach and hal david s my little red book
there s plenty of defenses there , and they should not be able to penetrate it .
a clear correlation was seen between the level of alcohol consumption and the degree of dementia risk .
williams made the cut .
he called his meeting with al maliki very good and praised the prime minister s strong leadership and said he was considering increasing the u . n . s presence in iraq as the situation in the country improved .
lee , a former chairman of the main opposition grand national party gnp and supreme court justice who unsuccessfully ran for president in and , will run this time as an independent .
we still had court ladies who followed me everywhere , yi says with a chuckle . they would plead to me not to run because running was beneath a prince s dignity .
in virtually every category , there are not bright spots .
but in excerpts released ahead of his final state of the union address , he urges politicians to resist temptation to enlarge a bn stimulus plan .
manchester united or ac milan meet the eventual winners in the final in athens on may . united won the first leg at old trafford on tuesday .
critics say the roadmap to democracy is just a ruse to allow the generals to hold on to power .
to counter the problems stemming from the drastic demographic change korea needs a development strategy , which would put more emphasis on enhancing productivity than simply increasing the workforce , the report stressed .
these buildings are part of a new generation of innovative , exciting skyscrapers set to appear all over the world over the next years .
they wanted to hear what he had to say as much as we did .
more than were scrubbed at o hare , the nation s second busiest .
some say the money is better , because the prince of wales controls the lucrative duchy of cornwall , the , hectare , acre estate established in by king edward ii to provide income for his heir .
he warned that turkey and the u . s . army also would suffer if the border crossing was closed .
the dow jones industrial average charts added nearly points to end at an all time high of , . .
the court also barred ebay from selling four perfume brands christian dior , kenzo , givenchy and guerlain , afp reported .
he recalled in memoirs , if i had not been smitten with love at first sight of ruth bell i would certainly have been the exception . many of the men at wheaton thought she was stunning .
at least people were killed during operations launched by israel in early march after palestinian rocket attacks on its territory .
in addition , the number of iraqis internally displaced forced from their homes , but remaining within the country rose by , in , to a total of . million .
from the top of devil island , off the eastern edge of the antarctic peninsula , the watery sun reflects off the vast tabular icebergs drifting around the weddell sea .
the oic has member states over four continents and claims on its web site to be the second largest inter governmental organization , after the united nations .
johnston s captors are demanding the release of a jordanian born muslim cleric held in britain on suspicion of links to terrorist organizations , along with other prisoners held by what they call infidel states .
the year old school is miles west of downtown chicago and has an enrollment of more than , .
call them what you like , ugly buildings are sadly all around us .
energy analyst victor shum says he does not expect those prices to drop considerably lower , though .
han , however , said that the quota is an internationally recognized legitimate tool to protect homegrown movie industries , ruling out the possibility of a complete abolition .
spokeswoman jennifer erickson said zander remains chairman and ceo and continues to work closely with top management to help restore the profitability of the mobile device business .
last week the commission announced its plan to hold meetings with foreign businesspeople and embassy officials on a regular basis , as part of efforts to create a business friendly , transparent environment by formulating anti corruption policies based on their opinions .
he is free , said kerviel s lawyer christian charriere bournasel . he is free and he has been cleared of the charge of fraud , which has been repeatedly emphasized by the societe generale bank .
china s best known historical landmark stretches from the seacoast east of beijing to gansu province in the western desert .
the soldier who fired the shots has been detained , lemaire said . he said the injuries were likely an accident but that it could have been a criminal act .
it s been going on since the indians traded manhattan to the dutch for knives , trinkets and a few pieces of cloth .
the leftist demonstrators , mostly members of the militant korean confederation of trade unions and other radical civic organizations , flanked by farmers and college students , occupied major streets surrounding seoul city hall sunday afternoon , paralyzing traffic in downtown seoul for hours .
for whom another fab four classic
then he worked on his snacking .
everyone who tried buying in the morning decided it wasn t going higher , so they sold off , added schork . they were gunning for , and then the bulls and bears slugged it out .
it used to be the gnp had to urge the government to assert more active measures against japan , the official said on condition of anonymity . but the ruling uri party and the government is now overreacting , forcing us to ask them to calm down .
astana almaty , kazakhstan cnn kazakh president nursultan nazarbayev s party won every available seat in a new parliament on sunday after a flawed vote that the opposition said turned the clock back to totalitarian soviet rule .
samsung was preparing reform plans and plans to outline them in a news conference next week , the release said .
the french riviera festival s day lineup was considered the weakest in recent memory , and many critics favored lars von trier s dark , challenging drama dogville , which did not win any prizes .
they took the time to write to me , and i don t care if it takes years , i m going to answer every one of them , starr said on the show .
when cnn and the opinion research corp . asked the same question in june , the new york senator edged out thompson by percentage points , percent to percent .
hicks was among detainees who had been charged with crimes under the earlier law that the court struck down . then , he had been charged with conspiracy , attempted murder and aiding the enemy .
the murders and miyazaki s arrest dominated headlines in the country and prompted calls for tighter restrictions on the content of violent adult videos .
you know , asked me for career advice , and i m thinking , , hello ?
tokyo stocks initially rallied after the first media reports that abe intended to step down came early in afternoon trade , but soon retreated .
since january , the car maker said sales were up . percent from the same time last year , with , vehicles sold .
the dow nasdaq and s p all rose in the early going .
i think the people around robert mugabe realize that power is ebbing away , and it s vital that they realize that there is no future other than a bleak one for a mugabe regime that seeks to hang onto power at the barrel of a gun , british foreign secretary david miliband said .
bhutto s pakistan people s party stopped campaigning for a day period after her december assassination .
cnn eight florida teenagers six of them girls will be tried as adults and could be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged roles in the videotaped beating of another teen , the state attorney s office said thursday .
the car caught the attention of a highway patrolman when its driver suddenly switched lanes while waiting to pay the toll .
recently known as t mobile , they were considered one of the leading teams in the sport .
roh , who in the past has urged the united states against slapping economic sanctions on the north or considering military force , said that he came to his meeting with bush with both concerns and hopes in my mind , but that bush had dispelled the concerns .
putin has described the case as utter nonsense and former soviet president mikhail gorbachev even asked microsoft co founder bill gates to intercede on the teacher s behalf .
that s in contrast to last week s iowa caucuses , in which obama surprised observers by stealing the female vote from clinton .
tokyo , japan cnn hundreds of pro tibet demonstrators protested in tokyo on tuesday as chinese president hu jintao arrived for the first state visit by a chinese president in nearly a decade .
responding to a reporter s question about the absence of iraq in his speech to congress earlier in the day , sarkozy said he sent his foreign minister there recently to show solidarity with the iraqi people .
red sox slugger david ortiz said he first learned of the threat from reporters .
the ap s jason strasziuso reports from kabul that the military says those claims aren t true
i m really looking forward to renewing our partnership , australian hewitt told a news conference in sydney . we both know what we need to do to get to the top of the game again .
local foreign residents say doing business has been made easier for them , but living conditions mainly transportation , education and medical services have worsened over the past year .
cristiano ronaldo , owen hargreaves and paul scholes were also back in the starting line up against a lyon team who have won the french title six seasons in a row .
paint on the teeth contained times the allowable level of lead , according to the broadcast report .
chiquita brands international entered a plea agreement with federal authorities on charges that it engaged in transactions with a terrorist organization .
the researchers found that drinking more than one cup of decaffeinated coffee a day seemed to increase by four times the chance of developing the disease .
scientists usually derive theories working with a chip here , part of an ankle bone there .
girls were forbidden to attend school under the taliban , which ruled the country from to , when u . s . led forces removed them from power .
that they re really not emotionally prepared to see yet , which can cause trauma to them , hirsch said .
tynes said he has been speaking to residents of the towns closest to the epicenter .
the innovative funk artist , who created such groundbreaking works as s purple rain and s sign o the times and sold an estimated million albums , made a brief appearance in the city to announce the gigs , beginning august .
the police said at this afternoon s press conference that they had been fired at when they arrived at the school at . p . m . local time . a . m . gmt .
a disk of vancomycin is in the middle .
one was hit by an empty container of acid and the other had acid squirted in his eye , he said .
livni said she does intend to run for leadership of the kadima party .
scientists have long speculated that a giant celestial body slammed into ancient earth .
senator hillary clinton edged rival sen . barack obama in the democratic primary in pennsylvania , saying victory showed she had the better shot at winning in november than he .
since the diamond shaped blue pill debuted years ago , it has become embedded in the public psyche , late night television jokes and urologists offices .
nasa said it is unknown what the object was , but the possibility that it could have been ice from a wastewater vent sent investigators back to a detailed search for evidence that the shuttle may have formed ice throughout its mission .
followers have protested christian churches in miami and latin america , disrupting services and smashing crosses and statues of jesus .
but jas gawronski , the lead conservative epp lawmaker on the investigating committee , disagreed .
the explosion startled ban , who swiftly regained his composure as the briefing continued . watch the explosion interrupt moon s comments about security
the released money is expected to be spent on legal fees , according to the sources .
however difficult the fight is in iraq , we must win it , and we can win it , bush told members of the military who were clad in camouflage .
having clinton as his top diplomat turns a once bitter rivalry into a high profile union a goodwill gesture after a heated primary fight .
speculation about the french leader and bruni has been rife ever since the two were photographed together during a day trip to disneyland paris last month .
jamal abdullah , a spokesman for the iraqi kurd regional government , complained that economic sanctions would represent a collective punishment against kurdistan s people .
the contract is also supposed to show that lee is a legitimate owner of the das fund .
a leadership which has developed out of earlier pioneering work in in vitro fertilization .
instead , it was the yard wedge from heavy rough that set it up
bfu s president borislav mihaylov said recently that the new coach would be chosen after consulting with the players .
he says they re lucky the spider didn t attack , because a single bite from the brazilian wandering species can kill a human in minutes .
rescuers said they could hear weak yell for help from under the building s rubble and are expecting more miracles , according to state run media .
the star continued , i ve got a couple of ideas about what might happen but i haven t had any of them confirmed or denied .
the top israeli health official has a beef over the whole swine flu thing
seven people in memphis have died from the heat in a little more than a week , officials said .
the big ticket items that keep factory workers busy .
another was convinced his every move was secretly being filmed for a tv contest . a third believed everything
according to the korea times , the female population exceeded the male population for the first time in years on a longer life expectancy for women and a declining birthrate .
while kidnapped , all i could think about was staying alive , suh myung hwa said in an interview shown on south korean television .
other relics include coins depicting the late second century roman emperor commodus , depicted in the oscar winning hollywood epic gladiator .
international development group oxfam urged world bank president paul wolfowitz to step down in a letter on sunday , saying his leadership had become untenable and the bank s poverty fighting mission was already damaged by the crisis surrounding him .
but in the end , if we do not reach any results , there are other means we might have to use , he said .
michelle obama turned the campaign trail into a runway this year , sporting eye catching colors and feminine cuts that sent fashion bloggers buzzing .
he was speaking at the start of what he called an historic tour of the middle east aimed at advancing peace talks .
iranian foreign ministry spokesman mohammad ali hosseini called the detentions an interventionist act , according to the islamic republic news agency .
it was all very peaceful , until the mysterious whale shark appeared out of the deep blue .
in march , doumar found the african country liable for the attack on the now repaired navy destroyer .
scholastic would not say at the time how much recycled paper it used , but said it did not use paper from ancient or endangered forests .
a government funded north korea research institute voiced some rare criticism yesterday of the administration s stance on human rights in the north .
the cia viewpoint was first made known in a washington post interview with cia director gen . michael hayden published friday .
st . sofia and st . michael cathedrals , both just up the hill from the independence square , and the landmark kiev pechersk lavra , also known as the cave monastery , overlooking the dnieper .
hirst , who has a preoccupation with blood and death and whose works range from diced and pickled quadrupeds to bloody depictions of birth , said he was inspired by similarly bejeweled aztec skulls .
college enrollment will be cut by in years .
nato s international security assistance force has acknowledged some civilians were killed in the southern battle but has said the death toll was nowhere near as high as afghan officials have claimed .
the school was locked down , and students were held in class for about an hour before they were dismissed .
i hope the successful operation will help other people like me to live again , said isabelle dinoire , the french woman who received a nose , lips and chin .
in a luncheon at chong wa dae with chief editors from news outlets , roh warned that lawmakers and presidential contenders opposing his plan would face a political backlash . he made it clear that he has no intention of retracting his proposal until he is persuaded by opponents .
economist has proposed korea to pursue the redenomination .
from washington state , where more snow is falling , and only about half the buses are running in seattle on this second day of winter
the city s times picayune newspaper has demanded the sacking of top officials at the u . s .
the video also carries an audio commentary in arabic in which the speaker says , without providing any proof , we decided to put an end to this matter and announce the death of the soldiers .
tuan tuan and yuan yuan , both four years old , had been living in ya an since the may earthquake that damaged their former home in wolong in sichuan , according to the state run xinhua news agency .
italian journalist daniele mastrogiacomo , who was kidnapped last month , was freed after two weeks when kabul released five senior taliban prisoners .
dasy was the brother in law of a member of parliament , antonio ximenes , who called for an independent inquiry into a crime against the rights of the east timorese people .
the children were between the ages of and , said khasaye nor abdulkadir , who was hit in the thigh with shrapnel .
they camp under tarps in the crater atop the mountain s chilly slopes .
manchester united came from behind to beat ac milan in the first leg of a dramatic champions league semifinal at old trafford on tuesday with wayne rooney scoring the winner in stoppage time .
the troops were conducting an operation north of muqdadiya , iraq , when they made the discovery .
sarkozy said tuesday he would not back down on the reforms , and opinion polls suggest most french disapprove of the walkouts .
washington cnn president bush expressed optimism monday after meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders about reviving the stalled mideast peace process .
the country s gross domestic product will climb about . percent next year , down from this year s estimated percent gain , finance minister kwon o kyu said yesterday .
video showed dozens of ambulances and fire trucks on the scene , which was enveloped in black smoke .
cried sumner redstone of viacom , and disney s eisner agreed .
u . s . military officials have told cnn that commanders are reviewing a classified planning order that could result in troops going to pakistan for training purposes if pakistan s government approves .
as of saturday , eight previously recorded videos were made available including a recent tribute to abu musab al zarqawi , the former al qaeda in iraq leader killed by u . s . forces in iraq in june .
for another , the prospect is less comforting feelings of depression , anger , isolation set in as the hours go by .
no more experience wasting hours in long line at the u . s .
bill allowing women to ask for abortions up to the th week of pregnancy , as the government proposes .
flames and smoke poured from the taj early thursday , and several explosions were heard at the building .
hill arrived saturday in seoul , his first stop on a trip to key countries in the stalled talks .
u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey had no comment on the draft .
congressional democrats say it s now up to gop members to work out their disagreements .
sharapova missed the rest of the season , including the beijing olympics and the u . s . open , ending her streak of consecutive major tournaments .
the indonesian environment has outstanding scientific conservation value containing to of the world s biological diversity .
he was sentenced just a short while ago .
de felice told cnn that computer information had traced guede to mainz .
what ma said was not right , tse said .
the tv star died on monday in a stingray attack while filming sea creatures off the australian coast .
those commanding the investigation are responsible for properly supervising their investigators .
they have not directly seen the planet , orbiting a red dwarf star called gliese .
prosecutors claim to have evidence that lee played a key role in underestimating the bank s value .
morning after reaction to the second presidential debate
defending overall champion bode miller , who finished th in saturday s downhill , lost a ski before the halfway mark and did not finish .
it is up to doctors and patients to seek them out .
algerian television has reported that six people were pulled alive from the ruins of the un offices .
he won with a comfortable margin in the lower house , but only a narrow one in the upper house .
rattray was a compelling storyteller and popular on the lecture circuit in britain .
christie s , the famed auction house , this week sold a nearly carat diamond for . million , which it said was the highest price for a diamond sold at auction .
yongsan garrison , currently in the heart of the capital , to the osan pyongtaek area just south of seoul by .
there are additional expenses , such as parking at the train station in denver and lift tickets for skiers .
pastor george keliuki presides over the baptist church in molo .
twelve men were arraigned wednesday , but moreno allowed two to go free .
people living in the camps are relatively safe , but there is danger for the women and young girls who leave the compounds in search of firewood to cook meals .
in response , he said the south korean government would begin to state its own position more clearly .
the south korean government says it is investigating whether abuses took place during clinical trials for stem cell treatments , which critics say exposed desperate patients to unacceptable risks .
feinstein predicted her party will unify in order to defeat presumptive republican nominee sen . john mccain of arizona .
surveillance without court warrants of e mails and telephone calls of people in the united states
but recent years have seen populations dwindle in many western rivers , and scientists are trying to understand why .
at the other end , real s iker casillas once again proved his credentials as one of the best goal keepers in europe when he produced two wonderful reaction saves in rapid succession to thwart ronaldinho and
the sudden resignation by national tax service commissioner lee ju sung has left a trail of doubt over the political conditions that may have induced the untimely decision .
the poll was conducted by telephone from march to april , with , americans questioned , including , blacks and , whites .
as seoul continued to issue official denials of political trouble in pyeongyang , a senior south korean intelligence official said that north korean officials overseas are no longer wearing badges portraying the communist country s leader , kim jong il .
the idea is to highlight global climate change and the need to fix it .
more than of college students also say they have felt depressed , or even hopeless , for several days during the past weeks .
this is the start of a historical moment , said bolivian president evo morales , whose country is the continent s poorest .
since mid september , she s been applying to an average of jobs a day , but , she said , it just sort of feels like my resume is going into a giant stack with everybody else s .
the iconic welcome to fabulous las vegas sign was dusted in white .
china has a thriving trade in babies that are stolen or bought from poor families and then sold to couples who want another child , a servant or a future bride for a son .
north korea nuclear standoff as discussions are underway at the u . n .
she appeared to be doing all the right things , at least publicly .
clearly , putting a mission accomplished banner on an aircraft carrier was a mistake , bush said about how his administration handled the fall of baghdad to u . s . troops . it sent the wrong message .
however , other negatives from the same roll of film show the radioman is jacobs , said retired col . walt ford , editor of leatherneck .
i pledge to carry out my duties honestly and with all my abilities , abdullah said , reading out the oath . i pledge to protect and uphold the constitution .
appearances by eastwood and kidman were among the highlights of the festival , which drew fewer stars than in recent years .
jack green , a spokesman at the naval historical center in washington , says the u . s . help to north korea at sea was unprecedented in recent history .
madrid fashion week set a bmi limit of in september , and italian designers in december agreed to health and age guidelines for runway models , the associated press reported .
price incentives have to be examined carefully to ensure that they do not lead to detrimental environmental practices .
in , john adams was the first president to live in the white house , moving in before it was finished .
about percent of million eligible voters cast ballots for about , candidates .
one issue before the justices is whether san francisco s laws carried legal weight when the rest of the state banned gay marriages .
others believe the deposit was created from water in a hot spring surrounding .
russert had just returned from a family vacation in italy with his wife , journalist maureen orth , and son , luke , to celebrate his graduation from boston college , brokaw said .
after yesterday s news that the recession has been here for a year , and manufacturing and construction have suffered heavy declines , the street is looking ahead to gloomy news on auto sales , and eager for details on what the domestic car makers are prepared to do in exchange for federal loans .
antarctic researchers have noted an increase in the number of massive icebergs calved from the continent two relatives of sir edmund hillary and tenzing norgay sherpa , the first climbers to scale mount everest , will try to climb the world s highest peak a second time next month .
champions inter milan beat catania with goals from hernan crespo and cesar .
gasoline prices have shown a continuous upward trend for the past weeks .
in lebanon , an explosion filled the beirut sky with plumes of black smoke as fighting also continued in the north of the country between lebanese soldiers and militants at a palestinian refugee camp .
parts of this war are complicated , but one part is not and that is that america should do what it takes to support our troops and protect our people , president bush said in an appearance with members of veterans groups at the white house .
i am saddened for scooter and his family , cheney said . as i have said before , scooter has served our nation tirelessly and with great distinction through many years of public service .
south korea was the third largest foreign market for u . s . beef before it banned imports in december over the possibility of mad cow disease .
styled as a day in the life of america , state of the union takes ullman from coast to coast in a flurry of fast flying impersonations .
they also found parts of the pyramid s white limestone casing
this is an area which is near the city of mosul , which is again , also where insurgents remain active despite security gains in the rest of the country .
computers were on that original list , but shipments of the products only recently arrived on the island , officials said .
carter had requested israeli permission to go into gaza but was refused .
complicating matters is brother fred , a huckster who hits up his sibling for some quick cash and reluctantly agrees to work it off at the north pole .
as mudslides , debris and fallen rocks blocked rescuers and aid workers from china s quake hit areas , premier wen jiabao on thursday ordered more helicopters for rescue missions in sichuan province , state run media reported .
observers said the vote was peaceful and free of intimidation , unlike a first round last month that was marred by irregularities and fighting between rival supporters .
islamabad , pakistan cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people attending the funeral of a police officer killed hours earlier in northwest pakistan on friday , an official told cnn .
ji yai shin of south korea held off karrie webb and an ailing paula creamer to win the adt championship on sunday by one stroke after a final round two under .
fans are still asking themselves , how could a healthy looking guy like michael crichton , a doctor , as well as a writer , get cancer and die ?
the joong ang ilbo reports ban s statement comes after the u . s . urged that a coordinated approach be taken on the north korean nuclear crisis .
stepanek , also broken late in the first set , set up roddick s match point by hitting a forehand long . he ended the match with a backhand into the net .
kathmandu , nepal cnn rescuers were searching through the night tuesday for hundreds of people who fell into a river after a footbridge collapsed during a religious festival in nepal .
chavez lashed out at baduel during the wednesday press conference , calling him a traitor who had been bought by the u . s . empire .
the agreement , inked by the two countries nuclear energy chiefs at the bushehr atomic plant in southern iran , came as tehran faced heightened pressure from the united states , which accuses it of secretly developing nuclear weapons .
turning the spotlight to two of the economic players to be introduced by president elect barack obama at noon eastern time .
a u . n . human rights envoy arrived sunday in myanmar on a mission to get inside the country s prisons to determine the numbers of people killed and detained since the military regime s crackdown on pro democracy protesters .
their landing craft touched down in kazakhstan .
last year , the michelin guide s first foray into tokyo left the city with some michelin stars , compared with in paris and in london and new york .
north korea has agreed to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor within three weeks , us nuclear envoy christopher hill said after talks in pyongyang .
pakistani leaders were considering the imposition of a state of emergency because of the growing security threats in the country s lawless tribal regions .
the thymus produces many of the cells that make up the body s immune system , including the infection fighting t cells .
while china s ceibs school , based in shanghai , remains at , it is now joined by two other asian mbas , both new not only to the top but to the entire top ranking .
the armistice line was drawn with the agreement of all concerned parties , but the nll was unilaterally drawn without any agreement , roh said in a lunch he hosted to brief leaders of the five political parties on the results of the inter korean summit in pyongyang last week .
more than a sum of places to see , siena itself is the sight .
senior iaea figures have met regularly with north korean diplomats in past months preparing for such a mission , and a diplomat familiar with the status of preparations told the associated press that iaea inspectors could be on site within days once given the go ahead .
one of the wounded was transferred by helicopter to rockford hospital , she said . there were no fatalities at the hospital , she said .
about , soldiers from the rd airborne brigade base in vicenza , italy , will go this spring to the porous eastern afghan border with pakistan .
as more and more people go online for information , they re finding some big gaps in what government puts out there .
comedian jay leno is in southwest ohio , playing two free shows today in wilmington .
with griffin doing the singing , the band had a smash hit with i ve got a lovely bunch of coconuts , a novelty song sung in a cockney accent .
we have taken some major action to date and we will need further action during this transition and subsequent months
young said many people in the country of . million live in huts .
an ultra compact , mercedes designed , head turning little vehicle that s been negotiating traffic and squeezing into impossibly tiny spaces in europe for almost a decade .
the government has come under increased criticism since the mumbai terror attacks which left people dead .
organic farming may also offer promise , especially to younger farmers .
greenpeace said if global warming continues at its current pace , most swiss glaciers will disappear by .
kerstin fritzl , , was hospitalized in april , emerging for the first time from a basement dungeon where she was born and lived with her mother and two brothers .
full list of nominees and winners
it was very sad for her to find this out .
what was believed to be the sixth human foot to wash up on the shores of british columbia in recent months was a fake , authorities said thursday .
tensions between israel and the palestinian territory have been rising in recent months .
u . s . equity markets , shut on monday for a holiday , closed on friday with their worst weekly performance since mid while asian and european equities plunged on monday , showing a clear lack of confidence in washington s proposed fiscal stimulus worth up to billion . stocks in asia tumbled , with south korea and australia nursing falls of almost percent as growing fears of a u . s . recession sparked panic , sending investors to safe haven government bonds .
in , he achieved the first solo balloon flight around the world , traveling , miles in days .
the campaign follows other anti smoking measures around the country .
hanaro telecom surged more than percent on news that no . mobile carrier sk telecom plans to bid for a controlling stake in the company .
king calls the buyback deal a win win .
the detection came amid a police crackdown on school gangs since last month .
as a result , he said many more people will die , particularly those in areas that can only be reached by helicopters , such as those sitting idle on the u . s . ships .
the report said that about other web surfers left the cafe in fear after witnessing the man s death .
last week , newspaper pictures showed winehouse and blake fielder civil bloody and bruised , apparently after a fight in a london hotel .
the plane had been on a routine flight from the taiwanese capital , taipei , to the southern japanese island of okinawa , carrying passengers and eight crew .
on friday afternoon , one of the hostages contacted the cnn washington bureau and then put eisenberg on the phone .
farc has held betancourt , who has dual french citizenship , for more than six years .
china took in billion worth in alone .
he said no firm decision had been taken on the troops serving under nato command , but we cannot exclude that we will go from the present to , ap reported .
in fact , the centenarian club is still vastly female percent of the , americans age or over are women .
kim and hill are to meet again on tuesday amid rising expectations of improved u . s . relations with a country president george w . bush called part of an axis of evil five years ago , along with iran and prewar iraq .
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
breast cancer
in fred claus , giamatti does a weary , harried santa trying to keep everybody happy his corporate overseers , his needling wife miranda richardson , his adoring but judgmental mom kathy bates , his legion of elves and all the kids of the world .
it is a central message for all christians .
many of the visitors from china who were in london last week felt that britain was against them , she added .
without mentioning rumsfeld s name , gates said some people have tried to divide the allies into categories such as east and west , north versus south .
wednesday s trip was hoped to pave the way for organized tours by south korean tourists .
castro received treatment for intestinal problems in and transferred many powers to his brother , raul , who is generally seen as more pragmatic and has been less inclined to deliver the kind of long winded speeches for which his brother is famous .
he had arthroscopic surgery april to clean out cartilage in his left knee , bypassing acl surgery with hopes it could get him through the season .
another man , who is , said he was voting to encourage kenyan youth to do the same .
some uri lawmakers , including song young gil , criticized the financial supervisory service and the prosecution for taking a lukewarm attitude toward lee s alleged stock fraud in late . the party alleged that lee was involved in manipulating the stock price of optional ventures by using company bank accounts of bbk and lk e bank , which lee established in february along with kim kyung joon .
human beings may have had a brush with extinction , years ago , an extensive genetic study suggests .
more than miners were rescued but others remained trapped inside the mine one of ukraine s largest and deepest with a raging fire hampering efforts to save them , officials said .
the coast guard rescued people , according to coast guard cmdr . ron lebrec .
we decided to raid keb to investigate dubious deals surrounding the sale of the bank in , prosecutor chae dong wook said during a media briefing .
thirteen foreign workers , including several chinese nationals and a pregnant woman , were among the dead or missing .
it was read by president roh moo hyun s national security adviser baek jong chun who was dispatched to afghanistan yesterday as a special envoy .
they beg for bread and sell gum .
u . s . and s . korea will have a discussion on the military alliance .
corrections are under way at the habitat as the zoo prepares to reopen thursday , he said .
i think they re good people , they are patriots and they are running because they think they can lead this country to a better place , and i don t want the campaign in this stage to degenerate into so much tit for tat back and forth that we lose sight of why all of us are doing this .
just don t expect to hear his voice on it .
the south koreans and taliban representatives have been talking by phone for several days and planned to determine a location for their first face to face talks by the end of the day , said gov . marajudin pathan , the leader in ghazni province , where the koreans were kidnapped .
one recent episode , aired not long after students returned home from schools , included a bondage scene between a woman in leather and her daughter s boyfriend .
ghanaian president john kufuor , who chairs the african union , is expected to arrive in kenya in the next several days to mediate between the two leaders , the official said .
merkel will meet president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and cultural and civil rights groups on monday . she heads to japan on wednesday where she will also address climate change and economic issues .
but the use of nude amateur actors including young women recruited from seoul college campuses
women primarily manage the mail flow to control the household , the report said .
the ap s bryant thomas in washington reports there s no shortage of advice on how to rescue detroit
chinese president hu jintao called an emergency meeting of the policy making politburo and promised quick action and immediate relief for those trying to make it home .
unfortunately , they ve decided to go it alone .
however , air force officials declined comment .
just before noon today , a series of blasts went off in india s assam state which is in the north east .
beijing , china cnn the watercube , one of the two iconic venues for the beijing olympics , was unveiled on monday .
all the while fighting the urge to make the mission personal .
the first steps
contrary to the muslims belief of the sacredness of the month of ramadan , which starts on friday and will likely last until after the u . s . presidential election on nov .
i have to do anything that i can to preserve my child , because i am a mother , she says , explaining why she prostitutes herself .
so a mention a few weeks ago about a rechargeable wireless optical mouse brought in another rechargeable , wireless mouse .
that order would require each defendant to pay a total of , , . million .
natashia west was injured thursday on the magic teacup ride at boomers , just south of fort lauderdale .
evidence that answers long standing questions about the age , composition and evolution of the universe was gathered by scientists using nasa s wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe wmap , a satellite orbiting million miles from earth , during a month observation of the entire sky .
this elegant engineering is seen only in female humans and our immediate ancestors who walked on two feet , but not in chimps and apes , according to a study published in thursday s journal nature .
and yellow fever vaccines are important for travelers to much of south america and parts of africa .
we re , in a sense , winning the tactical battles , but we re not focusing enough on the strategic battle , which is public opinion , said appathurai .
koizumi said japan s presence had been highly appreciated by the iraqi government and its people .
but moore wanted the less restricted pg rating so that teenagers could see the film .
aids epidemic in india should be taken as a serious problem .
the material was in zip lock bags and was mailed in envelopes postmarked hartford , connecticut .
brothers meng xianchen and meng xianyou were trapped while working at an illegal mine in beijing s fangshan district late on saturday august .
i think a decision has to be made about whether keeping this nomination wide open is in the best interest of winning in november , said sen . dianne feinstein , d california .
oakland , california cnn
you had everything you wanted .
a subspecies of virginia white tailed deer , they stand just inches tall at the shoulder .
scores of peer reviewed scientific studies have documented a steady , worldwide decline in ice cover , from the sea bound ice covering the north pole to the vast , land based ice sheets that cover the antarctic continent .
he said officials will post the list on the city s web site soon .
let s give a more aggressive net carry forward of losses for small business .
pitt , slumdog s young star dev patel , the wrestler s mickey rourke , frost nixon s frank langella and sean penn for milk have been nominated in the leading actor category .
the portobello film festival was created in as a reaction to the moribund state of the british film industry , to provide a forum for new filmmakers and give exposure to movies on different formats .
a total of , delegates is needed to win the democratic nomination . it s unlikely either candidate will win the necessary delegates before the national convention in august .
cowell also said so long to the toothy one , david osmond , son of alan from the osmonds
on the strip , a couple holding two tall fruity drinks clutched each other to stay steady in the ice .
it s the human growth hormone , a chemical produced in bursts throughout the day but released largely during sleep .
two helicopters reached the crash site off the coast of gunsan , north jeolla province , rescuing the pilot about minutes after he parachuted to safety .
the airbus a landed at toncontin international airport amid high winds and low visibility at at a . m . a . m . et , a taca spokeswoman said .
many churches called off sunday services because of the hazardous driving conditions .
kim kyung joon is accused of embezzlement and money laundering .
so long as fin syn governed their behavior , entertainment companies had to choose between content and distribution .
if calamari rings were made from the squid they would be the size of tractor tires , one expert said .
lee s supporters have claimed that park s aides and the ruling camp have colluded with each other to attack the presidential race frontrunner .
in a vote in august , percent of the association s members agreed to close their clinics temporarily to protest the proposed action .
i m floored by the response of these architects .
the event , believed to date back to , has seen british prime minister gordon brown and his predecessor tony blair go up in smoke in recent years .
the zaytun division has supported the town s kurdish residents with medical , educational and construction programs since its arrival in .
the year old prince holds the rank of cornet equivalent to a second lieutenant and serves as a forward air controller with a group called joint tactical air control , or jtac .
they were very cumbersome , says dr . shapshay .
there was no such disaster for chelsea , who gave avram grant his first win in control of the side , a comfortable victory at hull .
the other proposal would allow domains to use nearly any letter or number combination up to characters .
under the temporary government , salam fayyad , a well regarded international economist , has replaced ismail haniya as palestinian prime minister .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the number was up from percent in a similar survey conducted in and .
people brought beach chairs and coolers , some paddled canoes , others just sunbathed .
there will be no common financial rescue fund in europe .
at least percent of government officials arrested for corruption in the city of dongguan in guangdong province were exposed thanks to their mistresses , the china daily said .
it will send roh an official document asking him to respect the law .
it s easy , and everyone can do it , said yasuaki shimizu , director of lifelink , a tokyo based group specializing in halting suicides . also , there is a lot of information teaching people how to do it on the internet .
in addition to abdulla , police also arrested dr . mohammed asha , a jordanian educated physician who moved to england two years ago , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation .
both say they will get tough with countries violating human rights .
the government reports the overall number of americans claiming unemployment benefits has reached a new high of . million .
we ve had some promising results , derek mcleish , president and ceo of the santa barbara based company , told cnn .
spring began this morning , coming in at eastern time , but winter is giving parts of the northeast a snowy goodbye ?
one of them was a policeman and the others were six civilians .
the arcade machine is not distributed overseas .
in june , it acknowledged producing roughly kilograms of enriched plutonium enough for about seven nuclear bombs .
the mission is due to last three months .
whales trucked to another beach in rescue
opera diva dame kiri te kanawa prevailed wednesday in a lawsuit that sought damages from her because she had canceled appearances with an australian pop singer after learning women threw their underwear at him on stage .
the printing for the final harry potter book will not only be the biggest , but also the greenest .
the incident coincided with suggestions by russian president vladimir putin s likely successor dmitry medvedev that foreign ngos and the british council , an international cultural body funded by the british government spy on russia , the associated press reported .
institutions that sell shares to the government will accept restrictions on executive compensation , including a clawback provision and a ban on golden parachutes during the period that treasury holds equity issued through this program , he said .
and there s a slot for an mp player , complete with speakers , for some cruising tunes .
islamic terrorists planned to attack beijing , shanghai and other chinese locations with poisonous gas and explosives to sabotage the summer olympic games , china announced thursday .
the polls bolstered two minority parties the people first party and the democratic party , which each won a constituency in their political bastions .
there were no still images or identifiable video footage of the two soldiers on the militant video , abc news and cnn reported .
in what is believed by some to be a politically motivated case , the year old jang was accused of being the group s ring leader , regularly meeting north korean agents in china and thailand after his first visit to the north in .
it may not feel that way when you re in a downsizing company , but that is history s lesson .
actors chow yun fat and former cannes best actor winner tony leung chiu wai earlier pulled out , although leung later returned to the cast .
a doping controversy has nagged bonds .
it carries a russian , an american , and charles simonyi , an american software billionaire , who s making his second trip to the station as a paying space tourist .
german chancellor angela merkel said the g would negotiate within a un framework to seek a replacement for the kyoto protocol by the end of .
all americans can be proud
apart from two or three irate letters the reaction to offering equal prize money has been very positive .
he said that north korea s strategy of ignoring south korea for direct contacts with the united states has failed .
gazprom cut its shipments to ukraine in half because the ukraine company naftogaz defaulted on paying for the commodity , the russian gas company said tuesday .
iraqis had told the military about the site during an earlier operation .
bush also held a two hour national security council videoconference monday with his top commander in iraq , gen . david petraeus , and ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador in baghdad .
ap national security correspondent sagar meghani reports the officer who was demoted after the prisoner abuse scandal feels vindicated by a new senate report
beijing , china cnn china will maintain its one child policy for at least another decade , the country s family planning minister said in an interview published monday .
it was the th time the clock has been reset since it debuted in .
god is greater , god is greater , and may the debased ones be accursed .
shevell , estranged wife of prominent nassau county lawyer bruce a . blakeman , has a home in the long island resort , as does the former beatle .
its broad muzzle contained more than columns of teeth lined up tightly along the front edge of its jaw .
the rays nearly let it slip away when they blew a seven run lead late in game and lost meekly saturday night .
kim resigned from his own millennium democratic party to try to save it , but it is likely to split up anyway .
according to the indictment , dogs that didn t show enough fighting spirit , or that lost matches , were put to death by a variety of methods , including shooting , drowning , hanging and electrocution .
roh asked jeon hae cheol , senior presidential secretary for civil affairs , to accept the resignation so that prosecutors could investigate byeon .
they aim to explain theoretical physics in an accessible way to youngsters .
varivax
she said she became a target of militants in pakistan nearly years ago .
she acknowledged her mother had a great deal of influence on her to go ahead with the marriage ceremony .
he is reported to have fled australia dressed as a priest .
more than women and children have been removed from a texas ranch that s home to members of a polygamist sect , but authorities have not identified the girl who called them with allegations of abuse .
net revenue dwindled to million , down percent from . billion in the same period last year .
the so called mideast quartet the united states , european union , russia and united nations has called on the new government to renounce terror and recognize israel , making those steps the keys for the resumption of governmental aid .
in a nationally televised ruling , lee kang kook , president of the constitutional court , said that most clauses of the special prosecutor law were in accordance with the constitution .
but officials were unclear how many people were on board the ferry , with reports saying one person was dead and more than might still be missing .
he is investigating the fault line that sparked the tsunami and , in recent days , three more powerful quakes .
the nine eight men and one woman were arrested in bali in april with more than . kg lb of heroin .
next up are three small hotels facing the ocean just north of the palatial villa .
about , candidates from more than three dozen parties vied for the seats in the parliament s lower house .
the parents traveled abroad to drum up support and met with pope benedict xvi .
through the campaign , the professors will publicize problems and possible damage the project could cause , he added .
alkatiri has been engaged in a power struggle with president xanana gusmao , who wants the prime minister to resign following a recent wave of violence .
soccer star ronaldo has gone into hiding after a run in with cross dressing prostitutes that prompted police to investigate whether to charge one with trying to extort money from the striker .
yangon , myanmar cnn soldiers reportedly fired into crowds and beat buddhist monks thursday , and state media said nine people were killed as myanmar s military rulers continued its crackdown on anti government demonstrations .
sixty one people were buried by a landslide in karanganyar district just as they were having a dinner to celebrate the successful clean up of one mud covered home , he said .
the ap s ross simpson reports the secretary will also meet with both sides in the palestinian israeli stalemate
the panic and concern is likely to continue for some time , he said . many buildings along sumatra s western coast collapsed , he added .
south of the capital , in diwaniya , u . s . and iraqi forces were in their third day of battling al sadr s mehdi army .
the korea herald reports korea s trade minister , kim hyun chong , and u . s .
during his time in office , putin created a network of loyal officials on every level of government all appointed , not elected . putin indicated that tight control could continue .
prepared to host the u . n . climate change conference from dec . , which aims to start negotiations on a replacement for the kyoto protocol on greenhouse gas emissions that expires in .
the letter , from the dr . robert small trust , is expected to go for between million and million , which would make it the most expensive lincoln manuscript sold , sotheby s spokeswoman lauren gioia said in a news release .
operating profit at sony came to . billion yen in the year ended march , down from . billion yen a year earlier .
someone also stole rivera s bag containing her gowns , makeup and credit cards .
bolton urged u . s . officials to consider more than whether pakistan is being ruled democratically . i d have to put securing those weapons at the top of our agenda .
the host government is trying to find a formula which would enable the us , other industrialized countries and the developing nations to unite under a combined statement on future action .
after gathering more information from araujo s family , the ap decided to switch to the feminine pronoun when referring to the slain teenager from newark , california .
in , u . s . forces regained control of the town only after they bombed a palm grove dates are a main product here .
the prosecution will indict a television news reporter who broke the story on the illegal tapping operations of spy agencies in former governments for violating the communication privacy law .
the new warnings include a picture of a red , bulging tumor on a man s neck , brown and yellow diseased lungs , and a flaccid cigarette to highlight smoking related impotence .
our hearts are heavy for the loss of life in greensburg , kansas , bush said sunday in videotaped remarks outside the white house .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has arrived from the middle east , where she has been trying to broker a deal .
the treaty , between russian and nato members , was signed in and amended in to reflect changes since the breakup of the soviet union , adding the requirement that moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia .
today , demand is so high that there are daily lines outside crematoriums in the seoul area , hours before they open .
here at home the focus is on black friday , the after thanksgiving shopping frenzy that kicks off the holiday season .
slim was found to contain substances which was outlawed in the united states in after being linked to heart , thyroid and blood problems .
the train , which completed the kilometer mile journey in two hours and three minutes , was the first to travel on a new pound
the singer simon cowell calls the drama queen is one of eight idol contestants who get to sing again tonight for one last chance to make the top .
she has got a resemblance to madeleine but when you see her properly , it is obvious it isn t her .
according to putin , use of the radar station would make it unnecessary for russia to install offensive complexes at european borders and unnecessary for the united states to put such complexes in outer space .
a unit of time warner , the parent company of cnn says it s working to protect its customers interests , but viacom argued the renewal fees were reasonable and modest when considering the profits twc enjoys from viacom networks .
cnn it may be small , but florence contains a quarter of the planet s unesco world heritage sites , which can be overwhelming for first time visitors .
the broader s p inx index lost . percent and fell to a month low .
five of the executives are said to have been paid at least million each , and more than got at least a million dollars .
associated press correspondent jerry boatlander is covering
rail workers appeared to be ceding in the standoff between sarkozy and the unions a symbolic first battle and a crucial test in the president s broad campaign of economic and social change for changing france .
five dissidents remain in detention , he added .
as a result , wheat stocks worldwide are being depleted to their lowest levels in decades and grain prices are soaring .
and if the financial crisis has taught us anything , it s that this failure of oversight and accountability doesn t just harm the individuals involved , it has the potential to devastate our entire economy .
the chance of osama bin laden s capture is increasing .
pavarotti s wife said in a newspaper interview last month that he was reacting well to radiation therapy .
in china , too , the government may simply drown out the cyberdissidents .
about soldiers have been killed , along with about militants and one civilian , lebanese officials have said .
vivid entertainment is releasing a sex tape allegedly starring jimi hendrix .
i exploded my credit line , marin quoted kerviel as saying about the loss , the largest by an individual in the securities business .
no more information was immediately available about the blast southwest of the capital city , baghdad .
however , the boy bled to death half an hour after the attack , added rudiharto .
officials are already feeling a financial pinch from a second montana grizzly bear population , an estimated to bears inhabiting mountains along the continental divide north of missoula .
cnn european leaders on thursday approved a new treaty that will reshape the european union s institutions and streamline decision making .
residents of the maldives have showered praise on the year old .
fortunately , the area around rivers offers many opportunities for walking , river swimming and exploring .
i don t think they ll be anything crazy coming out of it .
erdogan , the leader of the ak party , which has islamist roots and had put forward gul as its candidate , said he would apply for new polls on wednesday and they could be held as soon as june th . the polls are currently scheduled for november .
the bank s primary mission is to combat inflation .
in global news , china announced a billion stimulus package , aimed at tempering the impact of the global financial crisis .
justine henin won her first title in her own country when she lifted the diamond games trophy in antwerp on sunday . the top seed was too good for italian challenger karin knapp , winning the final in minutes .
has killed marines since monday and was part of an intensified uprising involving other sunni towns in northern and central iraq , and shiite population centers south of the capital .
the body of lee soo il , who was , former deputy chief at the national intelligence service nis and current president of honam university in kwangju , was found at his home in the southwestern city sunday evening , an apparent suicide .
dr . samuel gandy , who chairs the medical and scientific advisory council of the alzheimer s association , said the results fit in with previous work that indicates a person s characteristics in middle age can affect the risk of dementia in later life .
ten years ago japan was revving its government industry engine to roar ahead in biotechnology , and u . s . technocrats were scared .
the charge stems from his alleged practice of arranging polygamous marriages between child brides and older male followers .
obama s campaign had patrick call the new york times over the weekend and issue a statement .
hundreds of afghans gathered to protest the violence , blocking the road and throwing rocks at police , with some demonstrators shouting death to america !
in , time magazine named him one of the most influential people in the world .
it declared an emergency with smoke in the cockpit and was attempting to land at orlando sanford international airport , said federal aviation administration spokeswoman kathleen bergen .
the state party awards the delegates proportionally statewide clinton earned delegates to obama s .
exports , the sole growth engine in the economy the past two years , had a . percent gain in january .
chavez , who was re elected last year on promises of revolutionary change , said the reforms are fully democratic .
there were apparently about people aboard this sub , including shipbuilders , as well as sailors , when the accident occurred .
i m staying in utah until it s time to shoot dare to love me , and then i plan on returning to utah so i can stay focused , and avoid other distractions , she tells ok !
i think that the people of saudi arabia have so overwhelmingly turned against bin laden , al qaeda and terrorism in general that nine out of of them look at all three unfavorably , the group s president , ken ballen , said monday .
israeli aircraft launched airstrikes in gaza city early sunday , one day after palestinian gunmen crossed the gaza border , believed to be the first such incident in a year .
lebanon s phalange party called for a two day strike thursday , a day after a powerful bomb blast in beirut killed an anti syrian lawmaker and four other people .
lee is a member of the party .
freshwater , according to an independent report , used an electrostatic device to mark a cross on the arm of one of his students causing pain to the student the night of the incident and leaving a mark that lasted for approximately weeks .
federer , aiming for his third straight australian open title , hopes to resume training by wednesday or thursday .
five people were wounded in the blast , according to lebanese security .
beijing has been under pressure to act over increasing concern both at home and abroad about the poor standards of chinese produced food and medicines .
the conversation , which took place just months ahead of the presidential election , dealt with providing funds to lee hoi chang , then candidate for the ruling new korea party .
woolmer , who was english , played test cricket for england in the mid s .
barcelona continued their impressive unbeaten run to win at sporting lisbon to clinch top spot in group c from the portuguese side .
a new cnn opinion research corporation poll out tuesday shows both the democratic and republican races to be tight , with sens .
science has long recognized the unusual health properties of the diet , which has strengthened and accompanied the common cultural identity of mediterranean countries , he said , according to italian news agency ansa .
jung did not speak about the letter s contents , but the sueddeutsche zeitung newspaper reported the it was formal and direct and written in an unusually sharp tone .
the year old masako is a harvard educated former diplomat , whom many had hoped would help modernize japan s staid imperial family when she married crown prince naruhito in .
the suspect , a parole violator , was also killed .
you might not have ever cared who creates all the different flavors of ice cream as long as the scoops keep appearing in your bowl .
there are crushing majorities that crush , dominant parties that dominate , absolute powers that govern absolutely , socialist leader francois hollande said .
more than female suicide bombers have carried out attacks in iraq this year , a number much higher than in previous years .
meanwhile , sen . john mccain focused on crime tuesday in his campaign appearances , saying that congress needs to get its priorities straight so that law enforcement officials can have the resources they need .
the toys , sold in the u . s . under the fisher price brand , included likenesses of big bird and elmo , as well as the dora and diego characters .
the us says the permanent members of the un security council plus germany will meet in london to discuss further sanctions against iran .
ubs , which has extensive operations in the united states , said its global wealth management and business banking and global asset management businesses continue to record good results , despite the losses in the investment bank .
he spoke after the release of a us intelligence report which said iraqi leaders could not govern effectively .
we call on the south korean government , parliament and its people to pressure the afghan government to accept our demands or we ll kill more hostages after the deadline passes , ahmadi was quoted as saying by the afp .
a follow up to caution , wet paint , in which the same two londoners get kidnapped by alien bottles of milk .
in april , trevor immelman took the masters title at just years old .
this course will help you evaluate the costs and contributions of insiders and outsiders and come up with the best mix .
it was only discovered after the sale that they were owners of ample rich .
president syngman rhee , who founded south korea in after korea s liberation from japanese colonial rule , let lee seok s family live in one of the several royal palaces in seoul , but confiscated its vast assets .
news of ginger was first uncovered when it was revealed that the harvard business school press had offered kamen , to chronicle the making of ginger in a book with the help of a writer .
apple has sold more than six billion songs on itunes since .
it includes an account of a prisoner strapped to a tiger bench , as device that forces the legs to bend sometimes until they break .
as the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding san diego .
two hamburgers to go , please .
in his speech during a groundbreaking ceremony for the renovated jeju city in seogwipo , roh expressed his uneasiness about the possibility of disparity between seoul and provincial cities widening if former seoul mayor lee becomes the next president .
it also happened in october , november , september and january .
the fbi is investigating , one of the sources confirmed to cnn .
in its annual report on road safety last year , the ministry of communications categorized , of the country s bridges as dangerous because of serious damage to their structural components , the china daily newspaper reported tuesday .
i m just so glad she got to get up to space and got to see it because that had been a dream for a long time , he said .
it s almost an exclamation point on the pronounced ice loss we ve seen in the past years , he said .
asked how much longer he will be a truck driver , nabors quipped , about more days .
and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again , as the incident scared them .
authorities said there was no indication of sabotage or a mid air explosion a lingering fear in a country that has seen a series of terror attacks in recent years .
it s not just black history .
a bush administration expert on north korea says that pyongyang wants to become what he called the pakistan of northeast asia and that washington is expecting the north to conduct a nuclear weapons test .
north korea has insisted it receives the funds before it begins shutting down a key nuclear reactor .
however , other charities determined that most of the children were from chad , not sudan , and had at least one living parent .
in some cases , they have been confiscated and never returned .
obama appeals most strongly to younger voters while older voters favor clinton .
we cannot protect you .
the country s urban rural income gap is among the highest in the world , according to a comprehensive united nations development programme report in .
the approved menu includes fresh and cooked kimchi , spicy chili paste , rice , bean paste soup , instant noodles , sweet cinnamon punch , ginseng teas and a mixed grain and vegetable bar , yonhap reported , quoting the korea aerospace research institute kari .
veteran channel nine presenter ray martin has accused the npc and howard s office of attempting to stifle the media .
genoa , if you ignore the debate amongst scholars , is the birthplace of christopher columbus .
canberra , australia cnn australia s new government has banned taxpayer funded massages for pampered bureaucrats as part of an austerity drive , a minister said wednesday .
secretary of state hillary clinton says the us troop withdrawal will not be an end to the us relationship with an evolving iraq
the woman was given the hand reared camel in march as a birthday present from her husband and daughter .
noriega , , is scheduled to be released sunday from a florida prison after serving years of his year sentence .
since , the united nations has been running the serbian province with nato peacekeepers , who still number about , .
pack larger quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .
fortunately , it appears to be safe from the fires .
jake molley , from the british offshore workers union , said it appeared the alert was the result of someone with an overactive imagination .
putin called a proposal that he become prime minister entirely realistic but added that it was still too early to think about it .
japan is the largest financial contributor after the united states for the rebuilding effort in iraq .
in south korea , the korea composite stock price index , or kospi , fell . percent .
but it was never approved by parliament and japan has rejected most compensation claims , saying they were settled by treaties .
the american heart association says it has been using stayin alive as a training tip for cpr instructors for almost two years .
our customers were coming down at odd hours asking us to fax things abroad .
as villages expand , they push the orchards and grazing land into the forest .
in what he called a defining moment for our nation , sen . barack obama on tuesday became the first african american to head the ticket of a major political party .
microsoft will still allow smaller mom and pop pc builder shops to buy xp for resale through the end of january . a version of xp will also remain available for ultra low cost pcs such as the asus eee pc .
economic growth slowed to percent in the third quarter , the lowest level in five years and a sharp decline from last year s . percent .
kidman , who disguised her face with prosthetics for the role , said she was just glad the hours was made into a film .
north and south korea technically remain at war because of the absence of a formal peace treaty .
more than half of these new workers will be from asia .
the fire started north of neola , about miles east of salt lake city , on friday morning .
pakistan s state run news agency quoted a senior islamabad administrator as saying that all judges detained under the government of musharraf were now free following gilani s edict .
pakistan s prime minister says national elections will be held as scheduled , despite general pervez musharraf s declaration of emergency rule .
at least nine people were killed in myanmar on thursday , when soldiers with automatic rifles fired into the crowds .
runners are provided with radio frequency identification chips that attach to shoelaces .
in february , japanese authorities released hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations , but the marine corps conducted its own investigation to see if hadnott violated codes of military justice .
regulations for monitoring and enforcing of environmental policies are also being strengthened .
abrahamian won his bronze medal bout after his coach reportedly argued with judges and accused them of corruption .
some nutrients , such as vitamin c , are put to work immediately by the body in the form in which they are consumed .
but since prime minister shinzo abe took office in september , ties have warmed and cao s visit is being seen as a chance for further thawing .
during the run up to last november s poll the democrats repeatedly attacked what they called a culture of corruption on capitol hill under the republican party .
voice one s opinion
lohan also talks about another member of the young hollywood set , year old pop star britney spears , who embarked on a bout of bizarre behavior after filing for divorce from kevin federline in november .
cnn for four months , movie theaters have been dominated by a succession of blockbusters from the usual suspects bruckheimer , spielberg , disney , rowling supplemented by a handful of newcomers .
a magnitude . earthquake was registered near new zealand s uninhabited auckland islands , about miles southwest of its southernmost city of invercargill , the united states geological survey said on its web site .
german chancellor angela merkel said on sunday germany would not give in to the demands of the taliban to withdraw its troops from afghanistan and would not allow itself to be blackmailed .
a key figure involved in a stock manipulation scandal is likely to return home from his stay and imprisonment in the united states .
david , adopted from malawi
president barack obama , in his weekly online and radio address , says the recent salmonella outbreak traced to a peanut processor shows the nation s food safety system is in serious need of an overhaul
they were projected to win seats , compared to for mariano rajoy s pp .
harper said that david emerson , the international trade minister , will take over as interim foreign affairs minister .
iraq signed an agreement with turkey in late september to crack down on the militants .
it said it has collected opinions from all sectors , including the government , academics and civic groups .
but he also knows that substantial problems have to be resolved .
if you d rather lunch with the literati , les editeurs carrefour de l odeon should fit the bill .
the senator from illinois will most likely have to explain , yet again , just what he meant when he told campaign donors at a san francisco area event days ago that small town pennsylvania residents are bitter over their economic circumstances and cling to their guns and religion .
i was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , said the post , written by an unnamed follower . the bail was set at half a million dollars .
locals have received funding to replace the rope with a rope ladder that will make it slightly easier to reach this beautiful spot .
he died six months before the second concert to inaugurate the new festspielhaus in baden baden .
the big question is whether the north koreans are really ready to make some progress , hill said .
in the early afternoon , first lady laura bush joined the royal couple for a visit to children s national medical center , where the queen spoke to sick children as they made cookies .
hamas has carried out numerous terrorist attacks , and the united states and israel list it as a terrorist organization .
if dr . robert zubrin could take a trip to mars , he would be sure to pack a bread maker in his suitcase .
bonvillain claims in the lawsuit that he did everything he could to avoid doing anything illegal .
national guard members are set to fly over the river to see if dynamiting the ice might help .
kris boyd handed scotland a morale boosting victory over south africa in an international friendly in aberdeen .
the second source described the endorsement as more than expected and said the conversations were aimed at arranging a thursday announcement .
linda whitehurst , , was paddling her sea kayak near the eastern resort town of byron bay , about miles north of sydney , when the shark lunged at her , knocking her into the water , the paddler and police said .
he and crew mates walter cunningham and donn eisele successfully checked all the apollo systems during the day mission that launched october , .
my understanding is the two groups engaged in friendly horseplay , she said .
driving in new zealand is easy .
they are also trying to find out the exact cause of the accident that claimed lives monday .
a team of climbers , staged since last month at the advanced base camp needs four to six days of good weather to reach the summit and return down the mountain , one official said .
plan on spending at least another , if you don t already have one .
the separatists have been using northern iraq as a staging ground for attacks into turkey , prompting ankara to mass troops along its border with iraq s largely autonomous kurdish region .
jerry miller smiled and the courtroom erupted into cheers after cook county circuit court judge diane g . cannon read the ruling that cleared him of all charges .
palestinians had urged israel to raze the synagogues and an official said on sunday they would do it themselves .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra called the poll in a bid to silence calls for his resignation .
seafood options top the list
the cloud is still a prototype , but it wasn t developed on a whim .
gearing away from its original investigation focus , a desperate prosecution yesterday said it will now focus on gathering evidence to prove that shin jeong ah , the disgraced former curator and professor , is guilty of embezzlement and attempting to flee the country .
president george w . bush welcomes japanese prime minister shinzo abe on thursday as both leaders deal with low popularity at home and some creeping tension in their countries usually strong alliance .
this time , in the small but intimidating inonu stadium , besiktas produced their greatest european victory to leave liverpool bottom of group a .
in a one sentence dispatch , north korea s kcna news agency said the north s leader kim jong il expressed his condolences over paek s death .
congress added a month to daylight time back in to save energy , designating the second sunday in march as the trigger point , but this year , because of the calendar , daylight time is making the earliest appearance it can make under the new law .
caracas , venezuela cnn thousands of university students scuffled with police and government supporters during a protest tuesday against constitutional reforms that would let president hugo chavez run for re election indefinitely .
asia s dynamic economic growth is expected to slow modestly in as its biggest economies grapple with emerging problems , from inflation in china to appreciating currencies in india and japan .
in indonesia , raging waters dragged villagers out to sea , flung others inland and tore children from their parents arms .
as suharto s heart and lungs showed further decline , his family remained at his bedside sunday afternoon reciting verses from the quran .
the pilots were flying an observation mission over a major supply route when their wingman on a kiowa flying nearby reported heavy machine gun fire in the area .
the last round of talks , held in july , ended with an agreement on a timetable for north korea to resume disabling its nuclear facilities .
michigan governor jennifer granholm says the auto industry crisis is urgent
i always look at my work as trying to measure the distance between american promise and american reality , he told the paper . and i think obama s inspired a lot of people with that idea how do you make that distance shorter ?
he and his wife will be given a tour of the official residence by vice president dick cheney .
for the first time in a long time , the family laughed out of pure joy . see youssif play with his new toys raquo
no one wants to resolve the issue with iran in anything other than a diplomatic way , blair told lawmakers . no one is looking for confrontation with iran .
what should we expect from barack obama s first days ?
the film centers around death
amnesty international warned in march that a lack of rights for china s tens of millions of migrant workers was creating an underclass in the country .
president obama is sending dan rooney to ireland as the new us ambassador .
the idea is to get the governments of sudan and chad to normalize their relations with each other and to halt any action that would allow for the cross border movement of rebel factions or armed factions of either side that could hurt the other country , said united nations spokesman farhan haq .
. million young people need care . nearly . million young people are exposed to abnormal living conditions that can lead to delinquencies , including suicide and dropping out of school , a government report said tuesday .
calvin borel , the jockey who rode street sense to victory in the kentucky derby this weekend with the royals in attendance .
the body count for the sopranos had a major bump sunday as this hbo mob drama races toward its own termination .
the main opposition grand national party gnp places a high priority on national security .
compared to the other countries around us , kuwait is very democratic , said waleed al tabtabai , a conservative muslim lawmaker .
nuclear talks between north korea and five other nations , including the united states and south korea , are stalled over whether pyongyang will hand over a promised full declaration of its nuclear programs its uranium enrichment program as well as alleged proliferation activities in return for concessions .
barack obama sometimes gets ribbed for his outsized ideas , like the massive stage built in denver , colorado , to accept the democratic presidential nomination .
as obama has emerged as the front runner in the democratic race , mccain has increasingly directed criticism toward him .
but the prosecution said that it has no influence on the indictment against the chairman .
the investigation was prompted by defamation suits filed by lee s brother in law , kim jae jung , against aides of lee s gnp rival , park geun hye , who claimed that lee had owned land in his relatives names .
u . s . troops have found the body of kim sun il .
honiara , solomon islands ap survivors got their first boatloads of aid in the solomon islands tsunami zone tuesday as more bodies were found amid the rubble triggered by a massive undersea earthquake .
two months after surviving a giant dust storm , one of nasa s robotic rovers on mars began a risky drive tuesday into a crater blasted open by a meteor eons ago .
mccain said he was guardedly optimistic about tuesday s wisconsin primary .
the worst stuff is not going to happen because we can t be that stupid , said harvard university oceanographer james mccarthy , who was a top author of the version of this report .
that could entail funneling additional funds to the international monetary fund .
joining her on the nbc today show , former house speaker newt gingrich said republicans are ready
we gave them eight taliban names and they should have been freed by p . m . gmt yesterday , but nothing happened . . .
four soldiers were killed when a roadside bomb exploded near their vehicle in northern iraq s tameem province another died in combat in anbar province .
shares worth trillion won as a social contribution to atone for the automaker s part in a series of scandals .
evict the dog , just for one night .
but they were not amongst the five most expensive places to live , with that honor going to iceland , denmark , switzerland , norway and ireland .
next month , noriega will have served nearly years of an original year sentence in the united states .
two officials have become the latest reported casualties of the scandal .
the ap s aaron heller is at an israeli air base
will completely melt away at the geographic north pole , serreze said .
the state of emergency could last until march , officials said .
on monday , paraguay s ministry of health and social welfare confirmed cases , eight of them fatal , in two areas in the center of the country san pedro department and central department .
photos of distraught parents were also published .
a hindi priest chanted prayers , a muslim cleric read from the koran , as the trident hotel at the oberoi complex was reopened today in mumbai , india .
the two will be in separate rooms , and their games will be mirror images of one another , with eslami getting the cards that the computer received in its hands against laak , and vice versa .
georgia is a former soviet republic on the black sea .
the auction had started at , pounds and was driven up by two bidders
lawyers argued whether the texas case violated religious freedom rights .
with a list of eight prisoners it wanted released .
romanization is a method to represent words of a language , which has a different writing system , with the roman latin alphabet .
the brother of the journalist now famous for hurling his shoes at president bush said his sibling s actions were spontaneous and represented millions of iraqis who want to humiliate the tyrant .
washing dishes and living frugally to bring money back to his home country .
kelly said it is not known if the driver of the other vehicle , who has not been identified , had used his turn signal .
a suicide bombing attack on a military convoy killed at least five civilians and one soldier sunday in troubled northwestern pakistan , an army spokesman and police said .
everything that was done must be reversed and drawn back completely , he said .
the company says cocaine contains no drugs and is marketed as an energy drink .
what color is the sky in their world ? said rep . steven latourette , r ohio .
french prime minister francois fillon said the guerrillas , imprisoned in colombia , could be freed in france as part of a swap deal with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc .
this is a country of million people , which happens to have nuclear weapons .
news agency efe reported that people were hospitalized in the spanish capital , with one person in critical condition with head injuries .
secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said nato is close to having the number of troops it needs for afghanistan , where , foreign troops take part in the nato led mission .
mccain , they think he s doing a fine job , but they re not quite as enthusiastic .
fully darkening your bedroom turn your alarm clock away from you if the display gives off too much light , regulating room temperature to a moderate coolness too hot or too cold , and you ll wake up , and using white noise a fan or quiet music to help induce sleepiness .
beijing , china cnn if you re planning a trip to beijing for the summer olympics , but you fear you may tire of olympic fever and flag waving throngs , don t despair .
the debt mountain as we now know is owned around the world and therefore part of the value of the club is owned around the world , often by financial institutions , some of which are in terrible health , triesman said .
rio de janeiro , brazil cnn a judge issued an order thursday prohibiting a rio samba group from parading during carnival with a float depicting naked bodies of holocaust victims .
the nanodiamonds that we found at all six locations exist only in sediments associated with the younger dryas boundary layers , not above it or below it , said university of oregon archaeologist douglas kennett .
jang min ho , also known as michael jang , was found guilty of passing sensitive information about politicians and security to pyongyang .
but aides say he won t re fight old battles and will instead offer thoughts on the future , how america must protect itself but not turn inward
the group receives money from evangelical christians .
bush called his chinese counterpart hu jintao to raise his concerns about the unrest and to urge him to ease access for journalists and diplomats .
for the past few months , people from around the world have been leaving personal messages for the elder graham at billygraham . com .
the floods have affected million people and caused economic losses of . billion . billion yuan , according to reports in state run media .
over the past four years , some u . s . companies have established their factories in northern mexico because of cheap labor costs .
and he gives a lot of people hope .
in return , pyongyang has been offered electricity and an assurance the us has no intention to attack or invade north korea with nuclear or conventional weapons .
he adds percent of the population in islamic countries now hates the united states for its invasion of iraq , a country which
cesare de martin , mayor of the northern town of san fior near venice , said on friday he planned to give local police digital cameras and instruct them to photograph any cars seen stopping to liaise with prostitutes on the side of the street .
iran is shiite , and we are shiite and we have many shiites in iraq , but this does not justify iran interfering in iraq .
there have been growing calls from both inside and outside the government since a commission issued an interim report monday holding olmert responsible for severe failures in the conduct of israel s campaign against hezbollah guerrillas in lebanon .
cable is also a known quantity , said at t chairman c . michael armstrong , who heads the nation s largest cable business .
previously , the legal drinking age for usfk personnel was twenty , according to korean law .
shaquille o neal has filed to divorce his wife after nearly five years of marriage , his attorney said tuesday night .
earlier the top us general in iraq , david petraeus , claimed reducing forces could lead to increased violence .
hillary clinton and barack obama made campaign swings in the northeast as nearly two dozen states get ready to hold contests in what will virtually be a national primary .
as a result , at this stage , they are being held in custody while decisions are made on their future , he added .
a new study has found that pregnant women who consumed more than milligrams of caffeine a day , equivalent to about two cups of coffee , had twice the risk of miscarriage as the women who consumed no caffeine at all .
yahoo s board believes microsoft s offer , originally valued at . billion , is insufficient .
women in the study were armed with stopwatches .
the nine page ruling said spears could have overnight visits with her kids something she had been seeking .
the defeat completed a bad day for jose mourinho , who had suffered a serious blow on the eve of the match when john terry suffered reported medial knee ligament damage in training .
the number of people traveling overseas surpassed the two million mark in the first three months of this year , the highest figure ever recorded for the period .
the recipients were identified in the indictment by their initials .
the somali leadership is going to have to really reach out to all the elements that are not associated with terrorism , rice said .
the bbc reports north korea s reclusive leader , kim jong il , has reportedly been touring hi tech firms in shenzhen , the city at the forefront of china s economic boom .
all the images are available in hi resolution and are free to access .
the style of the sketches resembles that of da vinci , but the experts said closer examinations must be done to confirm they are his .
kerry said the united states should be reaching out to moderate muslim leaders , asking them to help isolate radical islamic extremists . democrat john kerry said monday he s never seen the united states such a target of world animosity as he makes a winding pilgrimage to the democratic national convention .
typhoon man yi has now been downgraded to a tropical storm but still carries gusts of up to km h .
iraqi police stations often are the target of attacks by insurgents who accuse the officers of betraying iraq by working in cooperation with its u . s . backed shiite government and the american military .
the first panda to be released into bamboo forests after being bred in captivity has died , and a chinese nature preserve official says it may have fallen from trees while being chased by wild pandas .
the government will implement plans to drive out activists and farmers refusing to vacate lands needed for a new u . s . military installation in pyongtaek , kyonggi province , as early as thursday , the defense ministry said wednesday .
arsenal captain william gallas will be sidelined for three weeks with a groin injury , the premier league club said on monday .
more than people , including militant leader abdul rashid ghazi , died when troops stormed the mosque compound .
magistrate judge nor syahid malik was quoted in the newspaper as saying he could not imagine the level of cruelty in the man s crime .
the prosecution said sunday it will call in hong this week to inquire into whether he played a role in samsung group s alleged provision of illegal campaign funds to presidential candidates ahead of the election .
rice is in beijing , on the last leg of an asian tour that has focused on north korea s nuclear ambitions .
they have three children
north korea reportedly promised wednesday that it could verifiably liquidate all of its nuclear weapons programs should washington remove its nuclear threat on the korean peninsula and normalize its diplomatic relations with pyongyang .
a warning by france s foreign minister that the world should prepare for war over iran s nuclear program has drawn an angry response from iran .
not just muslims and jews who are affected by the fight in gaza
the launch of the radar satellite enhances a multibillion dollar euro , decade old plan for japan to have round the clock surveillance of the secretive north and other areas japan wants to peer in on .
visiting women dignitaries are not expected to wear the robe , and other female u . s . government officials who have visited saudi arabia in the past few years , such as u . s . secretary of state condoleeza rice , did not wear abayas when they met with saudi officials .
the palace said last week that bhumibol , the world s longest reigning monarch , is steadily regaining strength and can now stand without the assistance of a walker .
we re trying to balance the rights and respect of the body with the legal issues , seidlin said .
rival court factions shifted to chinese , russian and japanese forces and the intrigue led to the assassination of the queen by japanese troops .
on sunday , about a dozen photographers and television crews were at the lynwood facility when she arrived in an unmarked suv .
roh also called on the nation to approach the redeployment calmly , saying it has long been anticipated .
in baghdad on thursday evening , seven awakening movement members died in two attacks .
he said if the newspaper continues to publish malicious reports about the korean prosecution , he would file a compensation suit .
the kia rio hybrid saloon used in these tests has a . liter petrol engine , mated to a kw , nm ac synchronized electric motor and a continuously variable transmission cvt gearbox .
but only recently did krause s team assemble enough frog bones to piece together what the creature would have looked like , and weighed .
a u . s . state department official said the company had been providing security for a nongovernmental organization called research triangle institute international , which is a usaid based subcontractor doing reconstruction work .
the death toll in the indonesian tsunami has risen to at least , fuelling questions over why no warning was given ahead of the disaster .
the korea times reports the decision was made at an emergency meeting of government ministers chaired by prime minister goh kun .
there are few more talented people than clinton , obama said then .
i am the latest in a long and famous line of observatory felines , reads nin s profile on the facility s web site . i . . . find it very unnerving to head down the mountain especially since they only take me to the vet s ! .
luckily , those moments can overcome your daily frustrations .
north korean media has not even once mentioned apec .
they used markers to write kkk and draw swastikas on the student , lanier said .
the moral obligation to iraq has been completed , he said . the moral obligation to our families now needs to be honored .
leno tells this morning s new york times he d like to pay a return visit to letterman show someday .
fin syn is scheduled to lapse this fall , making deals like disney s permissible again .
then , its processor directs motors on its six tuning pegs to tighten or loosen the strings accordingly .
in a study published recently in the scientific journal evolutionary psychology , percent of men and percent of women said they ve been in the position of being attracted to someone until they kissed the person .
for the first time , the nation s chief economic policy maker has lowered his estimates for korea s economy next year .
i put my faith in the people of pakistan , i put my faith in god . i feel that what i am doing is for a good cause , for a right cause to save pakistan from extremists and militants and to build regional security .
private rooms from , dorm beds from per person , apartment rooms from .
the annual trafficking in persons report , released tuesday , says that as many as , people largely women and children are trafficked across borders each year . many are forced into prostitution , sweatshops , domestic labor , farming and child armies .
most sufferers die within five years of diagnosis although scientist stephen hawking has survived with the disease for more than years .
pakistan forces might surround the chief strategist for osama bin laden .
one woman died of cancer and the other from excessive fasting , he told the media .
i truly hit rock bottom , the year old pop star writes .
government sources said china , the host of the talks , suggested opening the negotiations from tuesday , and other members did not object .
he said it moved up and down like a bouncing ball , then disappeared behind a mountain .
the killing came after the european union and the united nations expressed concerns about pre election violence in nepal .
, was raised during the concert by people donating money via text messages .
most of the group were senegalese , along with some from mali , guinea bissau and gambia , hamada said .
mr . siljander was never an officer of the islamic american relief agency , nor was he ever involved in any alleged efforts by iara to engage in any prohibited financial transactions with any u . s . designated terrorist , including gulbuddin hekmatyar , hobbs said .
the terrorist appeared in a audio recording posted on an islamist web site , saying al qaeda had regrouped and intended to expand its war to include assassinations and attacks against infrastructure .
it is the largest us presence in the reclusive state since the korean war more than half a century ago .
meanwhile , four people were killed and others were wounded in two car bomb attacks in baghdad wednesday , the interior ministry official said .
a news corp spokesman said the company would need more support than that from the bancrofts for the deal to proceed , but he did not specify what percentage of the overall voting shares were sought .
i m going to bomb , bomb , bomb the school with everybody in it , said omar hussein , as he clutched a pink toy airplane .
and harrison ford and shia leboeuf for indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull .
the gibson les paul guitar model with blue silverburst finish goes on sale globally this friday .
sometimes in life we are called to do great things .
dutch students have invented powdered alcohol which they say can be sold legally to minors .
this rbs deal offers better value for abn shareholders , and we anticipate the consortium winning control , said alex potter , an analyst at collins stewart in london .
hundreds of students clashed with police and national guard wednesday in a series of protests days ahead of a referendum tabled by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
and he also went on to claim that star trek is the predecessor to the ipod , cell phones and all that .
this bill reflects american failure and frustration , says al zawahiri , second in command to osama bin laden . however , this bill will deprive us of the opportunity to destroy the american forces which we have caught in a historic trap .
house speaker nancy pelosi says she would prefer government spending over income tax reductions as a way to stimulate the economy
most recently , kika markham played the british leader in the line of beauty , a bbc television adaptation of alan hollinghurst s novel about sex and politics in the s .
he also stressed the importance of maintaining dignity .
nigeria is locked in a long running battle with rebels intent on hurting the nation s oil industry infrastructure .
the story is rooted in fact , the pulitzer prize winning author chabon the amazing adventures of kavalier clay observes .
but ahmadinejad said monday there has been no evidence of violation in our activities .
a janitor alerted police after he found the package in a garage of an apartment building in goteborg , the country s second largest city , police spokesman jan strannegard said .
but police spokesman lt . fletcher howard said he could confirm no fatalities , and that all of the shooting occurred outside the church , in the parking lot .
people were speaking about me this summer but that was normal because of what i did during the season .
cnn one of five britons believed to have been kidnapped may in baghdad pleaded tuesday with the british government to release prisoners sought by his captors so we can go home .
russia is to help resolve a banking row with north korea that is blocking progress on a deal over pyongyang s nuclear program , us officials say .
that has made chinese made products more expensive overseas while shrinking the yuan denominated value of profits from exports .
ex he slapped her with a lawsuit .
nicoletta mantovani filed the lawsuit last month after warning that speculation about the state of her marriage to pavarotti would not be tolerated , her lawyer said .
the clinton administration and the japanese government teetered on the brink of a trade war sanctions were averted when the two governments struck an eleventh hour agreement on japan increasing its purchase of u . s . cars and auto parts .
the fear is that the new entity would be a government mouthpiece .
authorities believe she was killed for being seen with a sunni muslim man .
the red crescent said it had helped the refugees get to the nearby bedawi camp , where they will spend the night at schools .
additional selling pressure came with last week s announcement from the commodity futures trading commission about an investigation into possible price manipulation in oil futures markets .
but clinton was ahead of obama percent to percent among those who said they were registered democrats .
john mccain says barack obama favors the socialistic approach by supporting tax cuts and tax credits .
somalia has been mired in chaos since , when warlords overthrew dictator mohamed siad barre and then turned against one another , defending clan fiefdoms .
most of those killed were in tennessee , following the iraqi parliament s unanimous recommendation to reject the return of u . n . weapons inspectors , he is looking forward to receiving the country s final decision .
on monday the government called off negotiations after a protest sunday against agricultural policies in the eastern city of rosario , the argentine agrarian federation said .
the renewed strike will include demonstrations along roads .
addressing protests by farmers and workers over corruption , land seizures and environmental problems , wen said the government would pay more attention to such concerns and act quickly to address such complaints .
liverpool s victory lifts them three points clear of chelsea and surprise third placers hull city and is further indication of the strength of their challenge for a first english title in years .
in the republican address , north carolina senator richard burr says obama s plan , coupled with the just passed recovery act , plunge the country deep into the red
news of the three men s release was also met with joy and thanks in france .
four year old bernas isn t the computer wizard his mom is , but he s learning .
that way , anything that happens is good .
obama denied being insensitive .
on friday leaders at the summit called for new rules in dealing with international finance .
also plans to demonstrate various other new safety , security and entertainment technologies , not yet available on the market , in a souped up vehicle at the consumer electronics show in las vegas .
caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez threatened monday to close or take over any private school that refuses to submit to the oversight of his socialist government as it develops a new curriculum and textbooks .
general motors is to cut , jobs in north america .
as south korean officials arrived tuesday afternoon in the north korean capital , south korean president roh moo hyun said in seoul that it was important to show north korea that it would get more for abandoning its nuclear weapons than keeping them .
the negative response comes in light of series of strikes at posco , hyundai motor and other leading conglomerates .
ebadi said she will return to iran early next month to take up esfandiari s case and try to visit her in prison .
recent regulations have been aimed at allowing the country s struggling animation studios space to compete .
my plan fully closes the enron loophole and restores commonsense regulation as part of my broader plan to ease the burden for struggling families today while investing in a better future , obama said in a campaign statement .
the committee had previously agreed to give its support to muju , in north jeolla province .
police said the mother of the gunman brought them a note that was suicidal in nature .
behind each tooth more were lined up as replacements when one broke off .
more than , taiwanese took to the streets saturday in support of a planned referendum on u . n . membership , backing president chen shui bian s pro independence policies and defying previous chinese threats .
police found enough underwear in his bedroom to fill five garbage bags , tennant said .
england are three points behind leaders croatia in group e .
runs the hotel and an office next door that helps residents find jobs .
with spitzer s resignation , lt . gov . david paterson who is legally blind is set to become new york s first african american governor .
the pentagon has issued warnings about china s growing might in recent years .
the bullet train , the g , have turned up serious flaws .
now don t ask me about , years from now , meier said . but for the next few generations we think that we should not ignore the little glaciers .
mid way through barack obama s six day bus tour across pennsylvania , it s hard not to think of iowa .
the poll of , people , conducted by the korea times and its sister paper the hankook ilbo , showed that percent of the respondents said the gnp will be divided into two groups , one led by former party chairwoman park geun hye and the other by former seoul mayor lee myung bak .
in a cnn opinion research corporation poll conducted january , gravel received less than percent .
in poorer countries , the emphasis is on better health and general education .
the report caused a stir , not least because china is under international scrutiny for exporting food and other products that safety inspectors have found to be tainted or substandard .
roy keane is resigning because he feels we have a good team he can t take forward .
firefighters are still searching for bodies at the site , which the city plans to turn into a memorial .
for a change , an old guy almost won .
they use their imaginations and play with toys without the hassle of noisy customers .
all passengers and crew escaped from the british airways flight ba from beijing .
a year old tibetan woman the youngest member of the expedition carried the flame atop the peak .
the second stage of the tour takes the riders from the french port of dunkirk to ghent in belgium and again is expected to favor the sprinters .
one tap danced , and another sang .
south and north korea had a summit anniversary event .
pelosi arrived in saudi arabia from syria , where she defied the white house s middle east policy by meeting with president bashar al assad and saying the road to damascus is a road to peace .
since pyongyang refused access to international atomic energy agency iaea inspectors almost two years ago , the stalinist enclave has had time to secure enough plutonium for four to six nuclear weapons , said mohamed el baradei , head of the iaea monday in an interview with the new york times .
chinese authorities have issued a much lower death toll and said most of those killed were innocent victims han chinese targeted by tibetans .
the island s government rejects those charges , saying it respects human rights more than most nations by offering a wide social safety net that includes free health care .
the chancellor said it was important for the british government to send a clear message that it can step in and help the financial industry amid the global economic crisis .
she also blamed obama s chief strategist , david axelrod , for misinterpreting her remarks .
statewide , schwarzenegger said , the fires have burned , acres and destroyed structures .
lebanese security forces are targeting militants and are not randomly shooting into the refugee camp , chatah said .
but the afghan ministry of defense said that there were no soldiers on board , and that everyone killed had been a civilian .
the actor s publicist , ina treciokas , declined to answer questions tuesday about whether wilson attempted to commit suicide .
two coalition soldiers received minor injuries during the fighting and were evacuated to a nearby medical facility for treatment .
the , mile colony consists of billions of argentine ants living in millions of nests that cooperate with one another .
kasparov was detained briefly in april during at another anti putin protest .
one snag is the varying quality of education
prevented firefighters from entering the building for about four hours with firefighters taking more than five hours to extinguish the inferno .
tokyo s restaurants will usually serve a single type of food , be it sushi , yakitori grilled chicken or vegetable skewers or noodles , and you ll find a bewildering range of options for each variety .
u . n . nuclear inspection officials will arrive in north korea tomorrow to determine how to monitor and verify the communist regime s expected nuclear facility shutdown .
it has multiple levels , three bedrooms , two baths and an entrance staircase that retracts with the push of a button .
cnn natascha kampusch , the austrian teenager who was held prisoner for eight years in a basement , will have her own television chat show , her media adviser confirmed to cnn thursday .
rushdie shot to fame in when his second novel , midnight s children , a magic realist exploration of indian history , won the booker prize .
just last week , bank of korea chief park seung called it the biggest peril to the country s economy .
wall street had a rollercoaster day , with the benchmark dow jones average ending in positive territory up . after tumbling in early trading .
the korea herald reports , in his keynote speech kwon also called for seoul to scrap the purported u . s . move to deploy a destroyer equipped with the advanced aegis antimissile system in the east sea between the korean peninsula and japan .
he urged again the korean government to press kabul to free the prisoners .
that point lead for obama is double the point advantage he held in a similar poll two weeks ago .
and they are women , she said . regardless of where they are in correctional institutions or free they need to feel like women .
we are of the belief that a nuclear weapon would create a vulnerability and therefore we are and have and will be against nuclear weapons , he said .
they wear athletic shoes , baggy t shirts and track suits .
coalition raids in and around the iraqi cities of falluja , taji , and mosul on wednesday led to the killings of six insurgents and the detention of more than others , the u . s . military said .
by june , aschiana had eight centers catering to , children in the capital city of kabul alone .
defense secretary robert gates earlier this week pointed out , seventy percent of the air cargo , american air cargo , going into iraq goes through turkey . seventy percent of the fuel that goes in for our forces goes in . . . through turkey . . .
thaksin told journalists that his court appearance would be a routine one to just . . . deny all the charges against him .
rob sandler comforted his infant son as he lifted him out of the crib , cooing in his ear while he walked to the living room .
turkey for thanksgiving .
but al fayed s father mohamed has refused to accept the verdict .
daily paper diario de noticias laid out eight possible explanations in an editorial , adding there are many possible interpretations of the lack of interest .
had that thing gone off when you start talking about artillery shells the extensive damage that it could have done in killing innocent civilians in sadr city would have been horrific , u . s . military spokesman maj . gen . william caldwell said at a news conference sunday .
once the mistake was discovered , the air force immediately began an inventory of all of its nuclear weapons , a military official said .
last week , bush referred to the north korean leader as a tyrant .
deathly hallows has more than million pre orders on amazon . com alone .
most liquid wastes are treated by in house treatment plants .
april is the birthday of north korea s former leader , kim il sung , and is celebrated there as one of the country s major holidays .
including three colonels were relieved of duty last year after a b bomber mistakenly carried six nuclear warheads from north dakota to louisiana , the air force said .
german kloeden had crashed earlier in the . km ride . the diagnosis is a fissure in his coccyx , druey
narita , japan cnn the dalai lama said he supports china s hosting of the summer olympics on thursday , but insisted that nobody had the right to tell protesters demanding freedom for tibet to shut up .
a story we continue , but whose end we will not see .
became a best seller that outsold the memoirs of president george h . w . bush .
on the campaign trail , the central theme was getting all combat forces out within months of taking office .
the death comes after allegedly increasing suspicions that his boss had been involved in a corruption scandal involving a now jailed lobbyist .
so you ll soon be able to work off that lunch time blowout while you work on your big presentation .
that s the ap s christopher torchia in baghdad .
the two are each other s third biggest trade partners , and north korea has invested about billion in china , much of it near their border .
monday s order comes amid a career freefall for spears , whose new album is due to be released november .
word of a possible delay in the hunt came as the australian government said it would send planes and a ship to conduct surveillance of japanese whaling ships off antarctica .
kabul , afghanistan cnn afghan taliban rebels have killed two german hostages after the german government did not respond to demands to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , a taliban spokesman says .
. . . i m , i m a girl , i m very young , i like all sorts of different things , i like all sorts of different styles of music , i like all sorts of different styles of clothes , i like all sorts of different colors of hair .
berlin , germany cnn german police have charged a robbery suspect after matching his dna to that found on a piece of salami spat out at a crime scene .
the new list excluded prisoners in the custody of the u . s . military in the central asian country as demanded by the kabul government , the source told the korea times on condition of anonymity .
two dozen scholars and leaders will be meeting november .
this best thing is to rest and get treatment . in two or three days , start hitting slowly again and see how it goes .
the child may have had an accident , she may have panicked , possibly she left the house and the child left the home , too .
truck driver ed nabors was a little behind on his way to work tuesday morning , so he didn t stop for coffee at his usual place .
the joong ang ilbo quotes u . s . officials as saying monday that they had indeed been consulted on seoul s plans to withdraw some korean troops from iraq , despite earlier grumbling , including complaints from president bush s party in pusan last weekend , that the plans were a surprise to them .
he went on to manage fulham , england and manchester city but has been out of the game since leaving city in after a largely unsuccessful spell with the club .
the physicist spoke at an anti war demonstration in london s trafalgar square timed to coincide with the u . s . election .
forty eight percent of clinton supporters said they would back obama in november .
last month , minister of justice abdallah bin mohammed al sheikh , in a phone call to a saudi television newscast , said the lawyer s license had never been revoked .
there s things over there that . . . would boggle
one participant also quoted putin as saying that the rules of the game were very simple honesty .
he didn t say whether the change involved his relationship with supermodel kate moss , or had anything to do with his april concert appearance with carl barat , his former partner in the libertines .
the bush administration said wednesday it is too early to remove north korea from a u . s . terrorism blacklist , a major demand by pyongyang in international nuclear disarmament negotiations .
clinton has promised to release returns sometime after this year s april income tax deadline , just a few days before pennsylvania s april primary .
he refused to elaborate , but said karzai and musharraf had discussed the matter and the process is moving forward .
a fire has destroyed namdaemun , south korea s oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , fire officials said monday .
this is the weakest level for the dollar in eight years and seven months since oct . , when the rate stood at won per dollar .
president roh moo hyun and chinese president hu jintao on sunday called on north korea to return to the six party talks to discuss ways of resolving the escalating crisis over its nuclear weapons programs .
she said lennon uttered no dying words when he was shot and killed by deranged fan mark chapman outside their dakota apartment building in manhattan on december , .
residents said the house belonged to a hamas lawmaker khalil hayya , and six of the dead were members of his family .
now this southern illinois community is after the record for the world s largest ketchup packet .
police say they have not tallied the number of detergent related suicides , but media reports suggest that it has reached about this year , including several cases in which others were also sickened .
this uses x rays to produce a multi dimensional image of the body , and revealed a hitherto unnoticed flint arrowhead embedded beneath the iceman s left shoulder .
portuguese police have declined to comment because portugal s secrecy laws forbid detectives from speaking about ongoing investigations .
the train was on its way to kennedy space center in florida from utah , where the rocket booster segments are manufactured , when the accident happened around a . m . et near pennington , alabama , about miles west of montgomery , spokeswoman katherine trinidad said .
everyone has their reasons why .
the command said it believed the us was preparing to attack and suggested it would resort to shooting down us spy planes if they continued their flights .
despite its size it can grow to almost six feet in length and weigh pounds kilograms the pygmy hippo is one of the most elusive and secretive large mammals on the planet .
an afghan minister said on saturday force might be used if talks
reports said as many as , troops could be home by the spring , according to the british press association .
in their first three games , roma have scored seven goals and conceded none .
some found beer , which farmers ferment and keep in plastic and tin drums in their huts , said sunil kumar , a state wildlife official .
washington cnn global security experts expressed concern sunday that pakistan s nuclear arsenal could wind up in the hands of islamic radicals after president gen . pervez musharraf last weekend declared a state of emergency .
i warn those individuals from among the armed factions who have been involved in cooperation against the mujahedeen that history is recording everything , and that they will lose both their religion and life , ayman al zawahiri said .
she took percent of the vote to sen . barack obama s percent .
they were released from taliban custody on monday , and left afghanistan on thursday , the foreign ministry said .
the experts missed it , by a lot , when they estimated that consumer confidence would drop to a on the conference board survey .
witnesses say he was shot times as a group of young people attacked a police patrol car overnight .
if no one wins more than half the vote , a run off will be held , a scenario some analysts see as likely .
japan is likely to offer temporary protection to four people believed to have fled north korea who are seeking asylum in the south after they arrived by boat at a japanese port , japanese officials said on sunday .
new york cnn the september crackdown on pro democracy demonstrators by the myanmar military junta was bloodier than the government admitted to , human rights watch said in a report released friday .
forecasters predict the temperatures are likely to stay chilly through the weekend .
chinese premier wen jiabao is due to visit japan in april as the two asian powers seek to ease long running hostility centered on their wartime past and china s rising regional ambitions .
and with more exposure to dangerous military missions , many are hoping the remaining barriers in the u . s . military will fall .
two indicators of the state of the war in iraq appeared favorable in november , when fewer fighters entered iraq from neighboring countries and fewer iraqi civilians killed , according to two reports on sunday .
live to the newsroom and the ap s rita foley
widespread shock greeted news of the attack during a fair in muegeln , near leipzig , late saturday .
the people got their money s worth , that s for sure .
at worst though . . . we could see the positions become even more entrenched and further apart from each other and making the process toward electing a new president that much more difficult .
nasa appointed an independent commission to investigate .
among other uses , this will make possible great advances in telemedicine , which will bring high quality medical treatment to remote areas , and in distance education , connecting students and teachers separated by great distances , jaxa said .
but after hatshepsut s death , her name was obliterated from the records in what is believed to have been her stepson s revenge .
they played the two cousins , who were both lonely and alienated , but unable to become friends .
it costs for a day of mock interviews or , for a full weekend course .
hensley recalled meeting hillary around the world .
as far as we know , it s unique , menotti told the associated press by telephone from milan .
if the judges decide to reward five winning ideas , each will receive million .
while ban s trip is going ahead , a meeting between koizumi and south korean president roh moo hyun is still in doubt .
since their deaths , al fayed has accused the british royal family of conspiring to cause the crash , alleging that diana was pregnant with fayed s child at the time of the crash .
police said the shooting did not appear to be a random act , and that it was believed a woman who was one of the victims knew the gunman .
for safety , whitson and tani waited until the international space station was on the dark side of earth , then carefully undid fasteners and disconnected cables , and pulled out the old electric motor .
the finer points of lying in online ultimatum bargaining . keep in mind that both of these media
kang kyung keun of soongsil university , seoul told the korea times that the alternative legislation , not a revision bill , was inevitable as the current law was lax in coping with new media environment .
the london olympic games could go over its . billion pound . b . b euro budget , a top official admitted on tuesday .
but it is showing signs of premature ageing .
as well as launching a revolution in biology , his idea irrevocably shook the human race s conception of where they come from .
at least sailors are missing after rebels sank a gunboat off the north coast , while at least tigers were killed in the attack , a spokesman said .
muslin cleric abu hamza is arrested in london .
both men were later released unharmed after hours in shiite custody .
since thursday , authorities have removed children and adults from the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints flds compound in eldorado , texas .
in the next phase , north korea will be required to make a complete declaration to the international atomic energy agency and the six parties about its nuclear program , which will then be dismantled .
after a one month quarantine , the pandas are expected to make their debut in taiwan during the chinese lunar new year .
european union leaders are meeting ukrainian officials in kiev monday , while russian prime minister vladimir putin is sitting down with gazprom ceo alexey miller in moscow .
more than shops and restaurants attract locals and tourists . luxury shops such as neiman marcus and chanel share mall space with local favorites like hawaiian island creations and shirokiya .
doctors do know what triggers growth in the first place
complaints by chinese tourists of similar treatment sparked a diplomatic row with beijing .
with heavy felling of trees in the catchment area , water levels of the lake were dangerously reduced .
the first relief to arrive came from stocks that were already in the country , as aid agencies struggle to transport supplies into myanmar from abroad and to distribute them to the areas that need them most .
at least people have died over the last month after clashes between rival groups of the security forces .
cho expects many working level talks to be held this year to resolve pending issues , including specific measures to establish permanent peace on the peninsula .
secretary of state hillary clinton is on her way to egypt , her first stop at a trip to the middle east and parts of europe .
hopes appeared to be fading for talks with north korea on the sidelines of a regional security forum in malaysia .
vatican officials said benedetti was distraught over a recent breakup .
you know we ll see some incredible skills .
sohn mentioned that it was difficult to persuade his fellow legislators to approve the korus fta and that it was important for the undp to further discuss the matter with the new administration .
scientists are still trying to determine if they have uncovered thousands of new invertebrate species .
tour de france leader michael rasmussen has been dropped from the danish team in a row with his national federation over drugs testing .
most national polls show obama leading mccain .
bomb disposal experts from the police cordoned off the site as they searched for traces of the explosive .
home alone on february in the apartment they shared , she decided to snoop through her ex boyfriend s e mail and discovered he d had contact with several other women while they were together .
rice and treasury secretary henry paulson made the announcement in a brief appearance before reporters on thursday morning .
bush plans to visit the gulf coast disaster zone on friday .
royal called for voters to rally round her , promising to bring france change without upheaval .
a subcommittee of the korean olympic committee decided yesterday that the city in gangwon province will be korea s candidate to host the winter olympics .
rwandan hutu militia operate in eastern congo rwandan hutu militia have operated in eastern congo since fleeing rwanda in after that country s genocide , in which hardline hutus organized the slaughter of an estimated , ethnic tutsis and moderate hutus .
the skull is missing one tooth , which hirst initially replaced with a gold one and then decided to leave out .
cnn the united states is urging turkey to show restraint after kurdish rebels attacked its forces on sunday , killing at least turkish soldiers and wounding others near turkey s border with iraq and iran , according to turkey s defense minister .
some cruise lines keep parents on call to change diapers , but the flounder s reef staff takes care of that for you .
china will build a million blacktop highway on mount everest as part of the route for the olympic torch relay , state media reported tuesday .
parliament s newly elected ruling coalition , headed by zardari s pakistan people s party , had promised to restore the judges within days of parliament s first session in march .
in it the biker is seen performing wheelies , tire smoking wheelspins and skids on his yamaha r road bike as well as high speed undertaking maneuvers .
the report from the energy department s energy information administration confirms the view of many investors that oil supplies are tightening even as demand remains strong .
the nation s top spy agency said it yesterday will investigate allegations its former agents carried out massive eavesdropping operations on conversations of politicians and business leaders in the s .
now that prodi has lost the senate vote , napolitano could name a new prime minister , but he will most likely call for snap elections .
the bat coat sold for , , the skull sneakers brought in , and a pair of the rocker s trademark round glasses went for , .
he is being interrogated for local law violations , al turki said . the violation is not a security matter .
this is a groundbreaking day in the history of the security council , the first time ever that we will debate climate change as a matter of international peace and security , she said .
japan argues the program is needed to gauge whale populations and to study their breeding and feeding habits .
three national polls of democrats show sen . barack obama is the front runner for the nomination . but what s behind this latest momentum ?
madonna and richie are worth about million .
they stay sleepy all the day .
the robot s arms are fitted with ceramic spheres the size of golf balls , and the spheres roll over the skin . the arms movements are controlled by a complex set of algorithms designed to emulate massages , while six sensors at the base of the arms measure and adjust the pressure applied by the spheres , takanishi said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said saturday he thinks the back of the insurgency in afghanistan will be broken and that the country will be on the road to a long term peace by .
coquillette , who has degrees in physics and english , said she gets three or four calls or e mails a day , asking about the conversion .
human rights groups say they have found camps where people are being tortured for having voted the wrong way .
he underwent spinal surgery in july after suffering years of back pain from lumbar spinal stenosis , a narrowing of the spinal canal that can result from aging .
president bush called iran s detention of the sailors inexcusable behavior and called for their release , referring to them as hostages .
so a classic vinaigrette not only tastes great on your salad , but it may also help you absorb more nutrients .
the seven missing people weren t identified .
officials of the governing uri party formed a panel yesterday to look into the burgeoning bribery scandal surrounding the cheonggye stream restoration project .
the specific type and source of tomatoes is under investigation , she said .
democratic senator edward kennedy , one of the sponsors of the bill , said the compromise measure may not be perfect , but it is the best opportunity we have to do something significant and substantial .
it s a foot and a half higher than it was , you know , in , and uh , they gave it everything they had , and it just .
, compared with percent of german civilians the same age .
danny glover has been convicted in niagara falls , ontario , for trespassing in a hotel during a union rally in .
asian and european leaders vowed saturday to act together to address the global financial crisis , calling for decisive action following a two day summit in the chinese capital .
a study last year out of germany showed that babies as young as months old overwhelmingly helped out when they could , such as by picking up toys that researchers dropped .
the us said their ships were about to open fire when the iranian boats withdrew .
microsoft co founder paul allen s octopus is inside the top ten , as is oracle s larry ellison , with his vessel rising sun .
gonzales was also questioned on the white house s use of wire tapping for terrorism surveillance , which critics have said is illegal .
the place
to an increase in federal spending , no !
parents of some of the students were aware of the fraud before the exam , but failed to report to authorities , they said .
the u . s . navy ordered sailors out of barracks in the area and onto ships to make room for evacuees .
wen s visit is the first by a chinese premier since .
now , tilly s kibble and treats practically need their own passport to reach her mouth
he was chosen on the third round of votes by the cardinals meeting to select pope john paul seconds successor .
earlier on sunday , iraqi security forces found bodies many of them beheaded near the town of baquba .
i ask you to be citizens
you ve really taken away the age of innocence , said dr . michael wasserman , a pediatrician with the ochsner clinic in metairie , louisiana , who was not involved in the study .
seoul has opposed making an umbrella reference to the chapter , saying it could open the door for putting the korean peninsula in danger of military conflict .
you will get through it .
the book calls the may military coup in by former president park chung hee a revolutionary upheaval which opened the way for korea s current economic development .
a purported taliban spokesman , qari yousef ahmadi , said the meeting between karzai and bush had no result , and that militant prisoners must be released in exchange for the lives of south korean hostages or there will be a bad result .
scurrying to enhance the stained national image and weak influence in the united nations because of heavy arrears , the korean government is pushing to expand its participation in the world body s peacekeeping operations , government officials said .
turkish attacks on kurdish separatists in northern iraq and reports of lebanon firing on israeli warplanes also pushed prices higher , as traders feared conflicts could spread to the broader middle east .
kuwait is the only gulf state monarchy with a freely elected parliament .
yang , , is a chinese born dutch citizen who says he made his fortune selling orchids .
for those who beg to differ with tangibility , eye fi has recently released the gb anniversary edition of its much hyped sd memory card , with double the capacity of previous models .
judge juan del olmo charged and ordered jailed moroccans rafa zuher and naima oulad akcha after questioning them separately for more than six hours .
the show s authors , alain boublil and claude michel schonberg , as well as its co directors , trevor nunn and john caird , stood beside him beaming .
sen . hillary clinton will win the democratic primary in kentucky by a wide margin , cnn projects .
the scm , to be held at the defense ministry in downtown seoul , is expected to touch on a wide range of issues , including south korea s decision to extend its troop deployment in iraq and the sharing of the cost of maintaining u . s . soldiers here .
post mortems on another dolphins were scheduled for tuesday .
michigan state sen . hansen clark said he met with the university president to discuss how to handle the incident .
there has been no mention of money being paid , but it is thought that a ransom may have been part of the deal .
the cause of the blaze was unknown , but an official from the fire service said that inflammable vapor from the basement s engine room was believed to have caught fire , setting off three consecutive explosions at second intervals .
troops went in to provide support to iraqi security forces after about insurgents attacked .
barack obama has a couple of important jobs to do today .
the next step of discussing the issue of dismantling the north korean nuclear program should be the focus , said hill , who added that he does not have any travel plans right now but would assess when a trip to the north is feasible .
from november th almost all foreign visitors and overseas workers will be photographed and fingerprinted as they enter the country .
powerful storms killed at least people in three states over the weekend , including an oklahoma mother who died while huddling over her infant .
it makes a wide range of sports clothes , too , whereas three quarters of nike s and reebok s sales are from footwear .
kpn lost . percent as first quarter results at its fixed lines unit disappointed markets .
it feels very odd to see newspaper articles saying beauty and the beast and why do beautiful women love ugly men ? he said in the interview . but at this stage , i m kind of resigned to it at as you say pushing .
the marine admitted to investigators that he forced the girl down and kissed her , but
rootphi and timbuk scrambled to identify and remove the offending bags from its limited collection of prototypes .
the regulatory change , effective today , reverses the earlier standard that allowed only secondary listings here for companies whose shares were traded on at least one other exchange .
chicago , illinois cnn at a debate in front of thousands of labor union activists tuesday , sen . barack obama s democratic presidential rivals blasted him for his remarks about pakistan .
iran gave no indication it intends to capitulate to international demands .
barack obama has a couple of important jobs to do today .
the expectation is that the information will help combat obesity in new york , a city in which percent of adults are overweight or obese , according to a community health survey .
the cbs team was accompanying soldiers of the th infantry division .
with condon out of the race , scorsese s path to oscar victory could prove a bit easier .
the area includes habitats for the endangered northern quoll , a carnivorous marsupial , and the speartooth shark , as well as an important gallery of dry vine forests , turnbull said .
the unions pressed on with the strike to protest against a rise in fuel prices despite some concessions from the government .
the remainder above this , would be through attrition , and then through selling off saturn , and either selling off or getting rid of hummer and saab brands as well .
the events have exacerbated the unpopularity of the ruling party and left greek prime minister konstandinos karamanlis scrambling to shore up support .
state prosecutors plan to investigate a former cheong wa dae official as part of their probe into suspicions surrounding a game arcade business .
bahk byong won , the chief negotiator for inter korean economic cooperation , said on tuesday that economic aid to the north was not free and that seoul had clearly sent that message in previous meetings between the two koreas .
the closest approach occurred a little after p . m .
they just want to watch these women embarrass themselves because , evidently , your only self worth in the culture according to this show is if you re on television and you have a man .
the government has designated four sites in the nation s midsection as candidates for president roh moon hyun s controversial plan to build a new administrative capital , according to the korea herald .
sang , who uses a wheelchair , is an official torchbearer for the olympics .
that is , in the approval process we are more strict and more serious with the procedure , foreign ministry spokesman qin gang said .
people with access to land , farming families , are now allowed to have kitchen gardens and thus more small markets have sprung up , said kathi zellweger , the director of aid to north korea for the charity caritas .
i went to the store and i tried to come home , the other road was blocked off down there and i tried to come out this way and got stuck .
some residents of the town , which is heavily populated by immigrants , accused the police officers of fleeing the scene without helping the boys . police said the teens drove through a red light without wearing helmets and on an unregistered bike .
ten board members including an lg representative are engaged in lengthy debate on aig s offer , hanaro spokesman kim song bae told afp .
i have a lot of pride in our government however , at the same time , it is ours and i don t think that it is right to force it on other people .
after an error riddled performance including double faults , the frenchwoman suffered her earliest exit from the grasscourt grand slam since .
in a letter sent to the senate judiciary committee , monica goodling s lawyer said she would not testify because senators have already decided that wrongdoing occurred .
gaetano errico , a neapolitan priest who founded a missionary order in the th century
the ppp did not gain an overall majority , but claims to have struck a deal to form a coalition government .
bogota , colombia cnn the same leftist rebel group that released two long held hostages three days ago has kidnapped six tourists at a remote beach on colombia s pacific coast , a spokeswoman for the colombian navy said monday .
the two koreas yesterday struggled to strike deals on how to stabilize their strained relations amid repeated promises by the south of important incentives if the north returns to the stalled six party talks on its nuclear weapons program .
the israeli cabinet has agreed to widen the country s ground offensive against hezbollah in southern lebanon .
greenprint also allows users to avoid printing altogether by saving documents as pdf files .
then i meet dan beck , ski instructor extraordinaire , who has been here for more than years .
a fierce sea clash erupted between sri lanka s navy and tamil tiger rebels off the country s east coast overnight , the military said sunday , as two days of ground battles killed combatants in the north and east .
kennedy is getting an honorary degree that recognizes his lifelong commitment to public service .
a new series of mid size rental apartment complexes will be targeted at the lower middle class , the ministry said , and government pension funds and private insurers would be invited to participate in a new investment fund to finance the projects .
the ap s robert reed is in baghdad
the hunt has suspended plans to kill humpback whales , amid a storm of international criticism .
they even found a former drug addict and felon turned outfielder , ron leflore , in a michigan state prison .
in two different polls , around percent of democrats polled believe obama will get their party s nomination .
across the country , the gnp s capture of administrative posts and council seats was overwhelming , so much so that some people expressed concern that the democratic principle of checks and balances could be undermined by a one party rule .
when second life residents observe an in world event they deem newsworthy , they can take snapshots , shoot video , or write a report about the event and submit to cnn .
bae hyung kyu , was killed on his birthday on july in afghanistan , adding sorrow to family members .
traffic congestion costs the nation about billion in lost productivity annually , so improving highway efficiency can be a boon .
fahrenheit is raising public interest in the iraq war .
according to the french daily newspaper le monde , the deal with the china guangdong nuclear power corporation cgnpc in southern china is worth billion . billion .
at least bodies were pulled from collapsed homes , said anwar kazi , a spokesman for the private relief service edhi foundation .
most residents appeared to have fled the area , though officials said other parts of the village remained populated .
the letter , signed by phil giraldi , ray mcgovern , larry johnson , jim marcinkowski , vince cannistraro and david macmichael , said tenet should have resigned in protest rather than take part in the administration s buildup to the war . read the full letter
bergner said al mashadani co founded an organization in cyberspace called the islamic state of iraq , which he referred to as a marketing effort to create a taliban like state in iraq .
the finale with winner jordin sparks was seen by . million , according to nielsen media research .
arterton will portray mi agent fields .
merkel said she supports the two state solution to the mideast conflict , discussed last november by the key parties in annapolis , maryland .
since then , the silicon valley company has explored alliances with google inc . , news corp . s myspace . com and time warner inc . s aol , but no alternative to microsoft s offer has surfaced .
the crisis in darfur initiative is the first of what is expected to be several collaborations between the museum and google earth to highlight the dangers of genocide around the world .
for airbus , which has been beset by management and financial crises including a two year delay to the a that wiped more than billion euros . billion off profit forecasts the flight is a chance to prove that the plane will be ready when the first deliveries are made in october to singapore airlines .
governors are meeting today with president elect barack obama in philadelphia .
he says this is a sad day for pontiac fans .
the bags some of them one of a kind are priced from about for smaller versions to about for larger ones .
nine brave , heroic , courageous firefighters of the city of charleston have perished fighting a fire , and in a most courageous and fearless manner , carrying out their duties , riley said .
maximum alert means police will be backed by the armed forces in patrolling transport hubs , shopping areas , sporting events , landmark buildings , the headquarters of the political parties and their campaign events , and other potential terrorist targets , the ministry said .
if it prolongs , but not in the first hour of the strike .
authorities are concerned the swelling lake will burst as water from the jianhe river in beichuan county in china s southwestern sichuan province rises behind the earthquake created dam , the xinhua news agency reported .
emily parr s dismissal follows a row on a celebrity version of the popular show earlier in the year involving bollywood actress shilpa shetty who was racially abused by fellow housemates .
the florida highway patrol intermittently reopened sections saturday afternoon to relieve traffic snarls as some of the smoke cleared . however , the roads remained officially closed .
cho was the only suspect named in connection with the deadliest shooting rampage in modern u . s . history that left dead .
harvey weinstein said disappointing returns for grindhouse resulted from the novelty in america of releasing a double bill and asking an audience to make a three hour commitment .
johnston , the bbc correspondent in gaza , was kidnapped march by a group calling itself the army of islam .
after the meeting between olmert and livni , an israeli government official told cnn that olmert told a meeting of the kadima party he is in an uncomfortable position but he is not shirking from responsibility and will be the one to fix the mistakes .
we believe the six party framework gives the region and the world the best opportunity to realize the goal of a denuclearized korean peninsula .
a poll shows that percent of first year army cadets called the united states the main enemy of south korea , the korea times quotes a former superintendent of the korea military academy as saying .
roddick , world ranked number six , won his lone major championship at the u . s . open .
the three people who tested positive in ankara come from a town about one hour s drive from the city .
by , when retailers were stocking up to billion pounds of pet bottles , recycling rates had dropped to percent .
china is on the verge of a catastrophe that could result in unimaginable suffering , economic loss and social devastation , said the page report , people were carrying the hiv virus , and people died from illnesses related to the disease .
in addition to preparing for the interview , you ll also learn whether or not the company and its culture are a right fit for you .
testifying for the first time at his corruption trial in manila , estrada dismiss sed the case against him as political persecution .
no , not really , he said . we challenge each other a lot . have good fun with that .
arabic language news network , reported last month that ibrahim al shammari , a spokesman for the islamic army in iraq , said his group also in the islamic state of iraq does not plan to work with al qaeda in iraq .
there s enough oil shale in the rocky mountain west , alone , to power america for the next hundred years .
some people had come out in support of gen miranda , and the government deployed riot police , but the confrontation ended peacefully .
they have seen me perform folk dance in drag , but i will never let them see me in an intimate situation with another man .
stocks are tumbling , credit markets remain tight this morning .
but the band s rushed follow up , condition critical , didn t do as well , and dubrow started taking shots at other l . a . bands , such as motley crue and ratt , according to allmusic . com .
emergency workers fought to hold back overflowing rivers as the worst floods in years engulfed towns and villages , mainly in central england .
besides colorado , snow fell in parts of wyoming , minnesota and the nebraska panhandle , sometimes making travel difficult .
toronto police staff sgt . ray bold said manners and the two charged knew each other and were probably friends .
the release followed intervention by the us navy , which has helped five ships in the area in the past week , all of which had been boarded by pirates .
during that time , prosecutors will evaluate the police investigation and determine whether to ask a judge to charge almeida .
online , there s no doubt the white house is under new management
spears was in stop and go traffic when her car struck a nissan in front of her that had stopped .
mccain got a warm welcome but offered a businesslike greeting handshakes for the hosts .
don t lie
no other state in recent years has increased alcohol taxes in the way that alaska did in , wagenaar said .
according to sutarso , who only goes by one name , about people are assisting with the search , but are not able to reach all areas .
we have experience in governing the country . we have plans , programs and the competence to do this . they have no capacity .
the ministry of education and human resources development on wednesday announced a plan to provide elite education for about , students , or percent of the total students from elementary to middle and high schools by .
during a briefing with reporters monday , white house press secretary dana perino said the president definitely feels the loss .
defense minister hazim al shalaan said reports of the arrest of izzat ibrahim al douri , who was sixth on a u . s . list of the most wanted members of saddam s administration and had a million price on his head , were baseless .
meanwhile , chelsea equalled a club record of nine successive wins in all competitions , set in under jose mourinho , with a success at home to reading .
the united nations has given albanians and serbs until december to reach a deal on the future running of the province .
producer ken davenport , , said a hypnotist would screen people standing in line for the free tickets to his minute comedy , my first time , and determine their status .
the bushehr plant is percent completed and i promise the iranian nation that the electricity generated by this nuclear plant will enter the country s electricity network next year , aghazadeh said , in comments carried by fars .
about , chinese students study in south korea .
but japan believes they and others could still be alive in the north .
black hole found at center of galaxy
heavy engineering and manufacturing are mainly located in the jurong industrial estate at the southwestern area of the island .
your highness , i have always wondered about you . . . now that i know you are alive , i am brimming with tears of happiness .
the team will also examine the sites of other candidate bidding cities , salzburg of austria , and sochi in russia , in the coming weeks , and submit their evaluations to the ioc by july when the final venue will be decided .
that is the inevitable reply when i ask the kids to take out the trash , clean up their rooms or , while on vacation , pose for a family picture .
israel s chief military rabbi began a procedure on monday to determine if the two soldiers are dead or alive .
but the families that recently cruised aboard the wonder for three days agree that disney cruise line does all it can to ensure that the more than , kids onboard , percent of them seven and younger as well as the parents and grandparents have as stress free a getaway as possible .
hundreds of tons of oil trapped in the tanks of a sunken cruise ship near the greek island of santorini must be pumped out immediately to avert an environmental disaster , greenpeace said on tuesday .
but the national election commission nec withheld a decision as to whether the president violated the article governing pre electioneering .
his comments came the same day the clinton showed signs she plans to press on after tuesday s contests
barcelona were boosted by the return of argentina forward lionel messi , who started alongside samuel eto o up front , with thierry henry on the bench after also being cleared following an illness .
after the end of the soviet occupation and the fall of the afghan communist government , hekmatyar was briefly prime minister in a mujahideen administration that disintegrated into civil war in the early s .
qian xun xue , who was nicknamed pumpkin by rescuers before she was identified , was born in new zealand after her parents moved there in .
unlike laws , which require months to complete and the consent of congress , presidents can use their executive authority to order federal agencies to implement current policies . much of what a president does , he really has to do with the congress
upholding a complaint from the european union , canada and us , the preliminary wto finding agrees that current chinese practice is protectionist .
in an interview with the joongang ilbo on tuesday , christopher hill , the chief u . s . negotiator in the six party talks , indicated the next round of talks should be spent discussing the dismantlement of the north s nuclear programs instead of wasting time going over a joint statement reached last week which stated the principles of bringing an end to the north korean nuclear crisis .
she said the un security council is working on a third resolution imposing additional sanctions against iran for failing to suspend its uranium enrichment program . the elements of a possible resolution will be discussed in washington on friday at a meeting of the political directors of the p plus one germany and the permanent members of the un security council
beckham , currently on loan to ac milan from los angeles galaxy , has personal assets valued at million . million , well ahead of michael owen million . m and wayne rooney .
matsuura of unesco urged american and british forces to take immediate measures to guard iraq s many archaeological sites and cultural institutions .
the strike boosted business for those productions , primarily plays , that are still open .
south korea has urged pyongyang to order a moratorium on missile tests and return to six party nuclear talks .
president roh moo hyun tuesday chided samsung group for its challenge of the government s effort to keep conglomerates from using financial units as leverage for further expansion .
in terms of political credibility , said mustafa alani , director of security and terrorism studies at the dubai based gulf research center .
they must apply for visas in person and don t have convenient flights to the state , he said .
a public memorial service is scheduled for p . m . saturday at the montreat conference center .
but i am committed to selling and moving on and making a fresh start .
in recent years , virtual lives have had consequences in the real world .
hoping to symbolize an eventual peaceful reunification , president roh moo hyun will cross the inter korean border to reach the north on foot , unification minister lee jae joung said yesterday morning at a meeting with his officials .
all of them are carried by infected mosquitoes , mainly the aedes aegypti mosquito , the cdc said .
the two made their initial court appearance there on one count each of conspiracy to commit a terrorist act against the government of the united states .
paris , france cnn socialist candidate segolene royal on friday compared her conservative opponent in sunday s presidential election to president bush and described him as a dangerous choice .
tunstall , the attorney for smith s mother , argued that dannielynn did not qualify because a child must be over to be legally considered next of kin . watch cnn s jeff toobin try to untangle the legal mess
ashton paid tribute to dallaglio s contribution to the game saying lawrence has made a massive and influential contribution to his country and to london wasps and i wish him all the best for the rest of this season and the future .
he was on the cbs early show as congress gets set to vote as soon as today .
if convicted , pichushkin faces life in prison .
in the background of the violence , tens of thousands of shiites were walking on their annual pilgrimage to the kadhimiya shrine in northwest baghdad iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki traveled to neighboring iran
the report found brutal treatment at the iraqi prison and guantanamo was not simply the work of a few bad apples in the rank and file , but rather directly followed bush administration policies .
he was informed by a reporter that pinellas county court records showed that the paperwork was submitted tuesday .
midfielder puerta , who won back to back uefa cups and the king s cup with sevilla , collapsed after jogging back towards his own goal minutes into saturday s game against getafe .
south korea s economic growth is expected to slow to . percent next year , from an expected . percent expansion this year , amid global credit worries related to u . s . subprime mortgage loans , an official at the international monetary fund said thursday .
the man , who identified himself as edgar paz morales , said he wanted to talk to an army general or a member of the media so he could read a statement , officials told cnn .
in addition to playing with toys and hanging out with your fellow rats , here are five other tips for keeping your memory sharp .
at least of those killed were children , brig . gen . najim abdullah told the associated press .
a ryanair flight from frankfurt made an emergency landing at a rome airport monday after birds hit the aircraft , aviation and airline officials company said .
he and his supporters say the charges are politically motivated .
the plane clipped several treetops and hit the roofs of three houses , crashing onto its back with its tires in the air , japhet kiwa , who lives a few miles away from the airport , told ap .
in other words , ordinary people create and share content as well as consuming it under the web . environment while they merely consumed it during the past web . era .
intelligence director mike mcconnell said u . s . authorities remain vigilant and concerned about sleeper cells of would be terrorists inside the united states .
australian open semifinalist jelena jankovic reached the fourth round of the pacific life open on monday with a straight sets win over japanese veteran ai sugiyama .
qua s ice room , the only one of its kind in the united states , comes from the millennia old european bathing tradition of using snow to cleanse the body , said don genders , a partner of eurospa technologies llc , the room s creator .
the case drew nationwide attention after ness county sheriff bryan whipple said it appeared the ness city woman s skin had grown around the seat in the two years she apparently was in the bathroom .
year old dani graves and his fiancee tasha maltby , who is , of dewsbury , west yorks , claim they have been discriminated against by bus firm arriva yorkshire .
but george o . poinar , an entomologist at oregon state university who founded the amber institute , said extracting dna is theoretically possible .
brazil was sluggish and missed several chances to score , despite the return of ronaldinho from an ankle injury .
his perfectly weighted pass sent patrice evra clear down the left and the french defender crossed towards giggs , who showed great awareness to lift a first time shot into the top corner .
lee eun young of the ruling uri party , who is leading the revision of the law on sexual assault .
the plane recovered and landed safely the second time around , the spokesman said .
the japanese were showing no signs of surrender .
she also hoped that cooperation and reconciliation with the south will thrive to resolve our problem in the north .
federer , who has never won the french open , needs to take the roland garros title to become only the third man after american don budge and australian rod laver to hold all four majors at the same time .
japan s foreign ministry said on tuesday it was seeking an apology and appropriate steps from hills and publisher , random house , australia , saying the book contains groundless statements about the royal family .
the action in pusan comes after another group of truck drivers in the major industrial city of pohang ended a weeklong strike on may when transportation companies agreed to raise their fees .
an amber alert was issued after the baby was reported missing . rollins said investigators were still interviewing heuser , and the investigation continues .
yohanan imagines that the creature might lead to the development of a robotic pet that could connect couples who don t see each other often .
dvd is , ultimately , a whole new market for our classic titles , says a disney spokesman .
detective work traced the brazilian stone to a las vegas , nevada , warehouse , where the person in possession claimed to be the rightful owner , grubb said .
in a clear case of technology trumping utility , major korean broadcasting companies will begin land based mobile television services today , allowing people on the move to view multimedia broadcasting programs via cell phones and other communication devices .
a rights group said activists had been killed since president gloria arroyo came to power in .
the air attack , which began around a . m . and last for more than three hours , targeted kurdistan workers party pkk outposts in the qandil mountain , the statement said .
according to the poll of koreans done last week by research and research , a survey company , . percent of respondents said they feel japan is the greatest threat to korea .
he was responding to the korean supreme prosecutors office s announcement of its interim conclusion on the long running investigation of lone star s investment in keb .
forum films , the israeli distributor of the soon to be released sex and the city movie , said advertising posters and billboards won t be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva because residents there don t want the word sex on display , said company spokesman arye barak .
police in thailand are seeking the arrest of leaders of an anti junta movement , after violent protests in the capital bangkok .
though the report did not give a reason for cheung s apparent suicide and the company declined to discuss the matter lee der was under pressure in a global controversy over the safety of chinese made products .
the north , which tested a nuclear weapon last october , agreed at the talks to shut down its main nuclear reactor by mid april as a step toward abandoning its nuclear program in exchange for aid .
they cited an instance in which she labeled robocalls recorded messages often used to attack a candidate s opponent irritating even as the campaign defended their use .
david pizarro and alessandro mancini were on target as as roma recovered to take a lead over real madrid in their champions league knockout round first leg clash on tuesday .
while iraqi lawmakers struggle to pass an agreement on exactly who will award the contracts and how the revenue will be shared , experts say a draft version that passed the cabinet earlier this year will likely uphold agreements previously signed by those countries under saddam hussein s government .
it is the first israeli airstrike since hamas took control of gaza last week . there were no reported casualties from either strike .
in april from . percent in march .
prince charles will not attend the wedding of his godson .
the united states should scrap a significant portion of its nuclear arsenal , sen . john mccain said tuesday in a speech laying out his nuclear security policy .
but two nuclear power plants in the region were not affected , officials said .
in the past years , winter temperatures have risen about degrees fahrenheit on the cap , while spring and autumn temperatures increased about degrees fahrenheit . summer temperatures are unchanged .
hillary clinton said friday she regrets comments that evoked the june assassination of robert kennedy as part of her explanation for why she was staying in the presidential race late into the primary season .
we have to keep sending signals to the north that their security will be guaranteed and they could get profits through reform and openness , roh told a news conference .
but u . s . military intelligence in iraq has approached al maliki s government with the allegations against jamal jafaar mohammed , whom it says assists iranian special forces in iraq as a conduit for weapons and political influence .
archeologists think the tunnel leads to the kidron river .
a written statement said the decision was made because of the weakness of security measures put in place to protect civilians in al sadriya , the central baghdad area where most of the deaths occurred .
phnom penh , cambodia cnn cambodia s u . n . backed genocide tribunal arrested the former khmer rouge head of state and charged him monday with crimes against humanity and war crimes , a spokesman said .
hundreds of flights have been cancelled , hundreds more schools have been closed , and more than , customers are without power right now in north carolina alone .
about eight million iraqis nearly a third of the population are without water , sanitation , food and shelter and need emergency aid , a report by two major relief agencies says .
doctors say it may have been lodged in the nasal cavity for years .
he moved to a winning record at the tournament , having won of sets played .
korea s . percent consumer price increase rate last year ranked fifth among the member countries of the organization of economic cooperation and development or oecd , indicating that the koreans suffered considerable hardships from high prices .
although the south koreans identified themselves as diplomats , chinese police pinned the arms of two of the diplomats behind their backs and dragged them away from the school , according to witnesses .
set serenely in a small garden behind a wooden wall , kanda yabu soba is an atmospheric spot to slurp up some delicious soba noodles .
the nation s broadcasting commission and the company are discussing different measures to deal with the crisis , including punishing the producers and possibly their supervisors .
they wade through rice paddies to plant seedlings , while oxen pull plows through the mud for other crops , such as corn and beans .
the radar evading f s are capable of taking out the north s yongbyon nuclear plant an attack north korea has accused washington of plotting .
saudi arabia , a nation considered friendly toward the united states , also is a tier country .
it is extraordinary the broad section of people who have admitted some involvement , he said .
he made more than , violins , of which some survive .
it was the sixth straight day monks have marched in yangon , and came a day after they were allowed to walk past nobel peace prize laureate suu kyi s compound in a symbolic gesture of support .
the boy died in a hospital after being admitted with two fractured legs and a broken arm .
they want people to be self sufficient , they also want people to look and leave .
i ve gotta tell you in the last couple of days i ve been just feeling good !
also known as an escrowed encryption system , clipper is , in effect , an additional key held by the government in escrow .
at this point , the technique requires disrupting the dna of the skin cells , which creates the potential for developing cancer .
the case illustrates how conspiracy to smuggle drugs into the u . s . among airport employees compromised our border security , said mark lorenti , a special agent with immigration and customs enforcement , in a statement .
the escape seemed to have been carefully planned with outside help since the escapees drove off in a vehicle waiting outside the prison , according to the report .
barack obama gave us a hug , co host joy behar told him .
thaksin told the court he needed to go back to england to look after his soccer team and do some private business , pongthep thepkanjana said .
he s been in court this morning and has been released , copenhagen police spokesman flemming steen munch said sunday , adding investigators would now prepare formal charges against the man .
live earth concerts will be held july in cities around the world , including london , aimed at raising climate change awareness .
the suspect will appear monday at sebokeng magistrate court , a court for family violence , child protection and sexual offenses , dlamini said .
raviv shapira , who heads the southern district of the israel nature and parks protection authority , said a half dozen leopards have been spotted recently near du mosch s small community of kibbutz sde boker in the negev desert in southern israel , although they rarely threaten humans .
moored offshore is the ms explorer , a meter cruise ship which can take up to passengers . four inflatable zodiacs dart back and forth from the vessel , bringing tourists to shore to see the penguins up close .
state department spokesman sean mccormack told a news conference the united states would work on many , many different fronts to keep myanmar on the international agenda . it requires everybody s effort and it requires concerted pressure from all parties involved , he said .
it is booming , calum macrae , director of infohost , the scottish it company behind the findmadeleine site , said friday . we didn t expect this number of people .
ap national security correspondent sagher magani reports avoiding civilian casualties will be a key part of the afghan talks
the resolution is expected to be proposed to a house plenary session in the second week of july and is expected to pass smoothly in view of the passage at the committee , rep .
the town had been subject to a peace deal brokered last october between village elders and the helmand provincial government that prevented nato , afghan and taliban fighters from coming within kilometers miles of the town center .
the bad news is it only works within the united states .
the british foreign office has warned tourists to take care in the city after two people were killed and more than were injured during recent clashes between protesters and police .
aside from rubber stamping the communist party leadership s policies , the gathering is expected to discuss the beijing olympics , increased defense spending , taiwan s referendum on independence , and the environment .
the unification ministry echoed those expressions of regret , questioning pyongyang s sincerity .
countless others have been forced out of their homes and are living in refugee camps .
former president kim dae jung urges u . s to show more flexible attitude toward north korea .
london , england cnn amy winehouse fainted monday at her north london home and was hospitalized , her spokesman said .
soldiers were able to clear the building .
for the first time , the resolution bans trade with iran in goods which have both civilian and military uses and authorizes inspections of shipments to and from iran by sea and air that are suspected of carrying banned items .
serbian third seed novak djokovic claimed a dramatic triumph at the australian open when he defeated unseeded frenchman jo wilfried tsonga in sunday s final .
since hosting the super bowl , phoenix and its suburbs have been preening and preparing for the return of the nfl s biggest game .
admitting her defeat as fair , park vowed to fight as an ordinary party member for the gnp s victory in the election .
they also found problems with ceilings in some parts of the indoor fairground . the report advised the amusement park to upgrade its facilities immediately , claiming that there was a danger of the ceilings collapsing .
this is a tragic event for our community , the magnitude of which is difficult to fathom or quantify .
south korean officials said wednesday that it is time to focus on diplomatic efforts to persuade north korea to rejoin the regional talks on its nuclear arms programs and that it s too early to think about hardline options to pressure the communist country .
a study at the university of california , los angeles , measured brain activity of older adults as they searched the web .
sometimes , that tried and true tourism is exactly what you need if only for a few days .
hill , who has offered camel rides to tourists for years , said young camels are not aggressive but can be dangerous if treated as pets without discipline .
the advice on feeding the dolls is even more spurious , encouraging them to feed the dolls every now and then even though they want to keep their bimbos waif thin .
the injured people suffered minor burns due to electric shock .
bush administration had set its red line attempts by north korea to transfer nuclear materials to a third country , and promised to deal with such attempts immediately and severely .
the dealer , identified only as a man from the german city of idar oberstein , was tricked into going to milan by the female suspect and was seriously injured by a car during the theft , investigator gerhard joszt said .
we discussed it and he said he wouldn t go out and get drunk no more unless it was with me , smith wrote in the diaries , which span about a year from early to .
five rescue helicopters were called out , and some of the injured were taken to hospitals in halle and magdeburg .
francoise barre sinoussi and luc montagnier of france were honored for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus .
if mysteries about stalin s demise persist , they are dwarfed by the conflicting views and emotions that surround his life and his role in the troubled history of a country that seems unable to break his spell years after his death .
ruth graham moved the couple into her parents home in montreat , where they had relocated after fleeing wartime china .
lucasfilm animation has been working for months on the computer animated star wars
in his weekly radio and online address , obama says health experts are trying to figure out why the virus hasn t been as deadly in the us as it has been in mexico
cheney left australia on sunday after a three day visit to thank the government for contributing troops to iraq and afghanistan .
bon jovi , roger waters and black eyed peas will . i . am were among the acts expected to take part in live earth india , scheduled for december at a stadium in mumbai .
prosecution to launch an investigation into samsung fund scandal .
corrales was sent to jail on a domestic abuse charge after that fight , and didn t fight again for two years .
she had lost her job at denny s , where she worked the graveyard shift .
according to a recent survey of an employment related information research company , the average competition ratio among college graduates to get a job in large enterprises was . , almost similar to last year s .
if u . s . security authorities had engaged their saudi counterparts in a serious and credible manner , in my opinion , we would have avoided what happened , he said .
infrastructure , energy programs and school construction projects will get people working and ultimately help build a stronger economy , he said .
the withdrawal from basra comes at the same time retired maj . gen . tim cross , the most senior british officer involved in postwar planning , criticized former u . s . defense secretary donald rumsfeld in a british newspaper for dismissing warnings that iraq could fall into chaos .
the ruling will likely be made public after p . m . , nec officials said wednesday .
the powerful militia declared a truce last august which had been credited with helping restore stability to parts of iraq .
as part of economic cooperation projects agreed upon in their leaders recent summit .
it is not just a technicality it s the latest demonstration that this newest system just does not work , sullivan told journalists . it is a system of justice that does not comport with american values .
ornstein is a resident scholar at the american enterprise institute .
we had about a day of an evacuation order , and had loaded up important papers and photos , and a few clothes .
it was not known how it started .
the gravity of these events has placed an enormous strain on our family , who had no idea that these women were capable of acts of such wanton cruelty .
thursday s expulsion by russia of four british diplomats was prompted by the provocative and unfriendly actions of london in expelling four russian diplomats on monday , russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said at a brief news conference .
the seoul central district court ruled against plaintiffs for the compensation suits filed against kt g .
delegates to the council voted for incheon in preference to the indian capital , new delhi , at a meeting in kuwait .
the two leaders met on the sidelines of a pacific rim summit in vietnam last year , after abe took office in september .
though not quite the tabloid stars his sisters zahara and shiloh are , his recognizable mug and a list parents give him space in the top five , said forbes . com of pax .
produced by steve earle whom baez likes to call mister gruff , it s a collection of bluegrass tinged songs reminiscent of her early repertoire .
with its anonymous skyline and mind numbing traffic , seoul may not seem like a sci fi city .
marines interviewed on tuesday said they didn t see the shooting as a scandal , rather the act of a comrade who faced intense pressure during the effort to quell the insurgency in the city .
in recent years , imf lending has dried up as many of those countries have built up reserves to prevent them from having to borrow again from the imf , which often puts severe restrictions and conditions on its loans .
the main opposition democratic party secured , or slightly more than half the number of candidates it fielded .
odinga called the meeting despite a government ban on such gatherings , having been forced to abandon his first attempt on monday soon after the onset of the conflict .
what happens if an automaker goes bankrupt ?
tim , they were up at dawn to start filling the football field here at coronado high school in this las vegas suburb , and now that the sun s up over the mountains , you can see that thousands already gathered under big white letters reading nevada for change with thousands more streaming in .
one of the officials said the grant should allay fears that germany is fundamentally opposed to cruise playing stauffenberg because of the actor s membership of scientology . the government regards scientology as a cult masquerading as a religion to make money , a view its leaders reject .
the official said choe stopped short of claiming the north has nuclear weapons , stating only that it has weaponized the plutonium perhaps indicating reprocessing for weapons use .
barack obama is quietly beginning his search for a running mate .
the central intelligence agency cia of the united states has come under fire for calling the rocky islets of dokdo in the east sea liancourt rocks , siding with the japanese government s claim of ownership .
the price increase is fueled by record labels as cd sales continue to fall .
bush lauded abbas as a man who rejects the idea of using violence to achieve objectives , which distinguishes him from other people in the region .
the new anti speculation measures came as an outcome of two month long efforts by the government and the ruling uri party to create a constitution like real estate policy to curb speculation .
the surge offensive added nearly , u . s . troops this year in baghdad and insurgent filled regions near the capital such as anbar and diyala provinces .
mandela also is due to meet prominent supporters , including prime minister gordon brown , former u . s . president bill clinton and talk show host oprah winfrey .
the nation s conscription law rules men with large tattoos unfit for the military because they cause abomination among fellow soldiers .
i think if you look at the first days , you can sum it up pretty simply
the fleet is conducting its largest hunt in the south pacific it has instructions to kill up to , whales , including humpbacks .
obama s senate office will close sometime within two months .
us attorney general alberto gonzales , embroiled in a row over the sacking of eight us attorneys , has formally announced his resignation .
those who were deficient were nearly twice as likely to have their cancer recur or spread over the next years , and percent more likely to die of the disease .
reacting to clinton s charges , obama spokesman bill burton said his candidate doesn t need any lectures on special interests from the candidate who s taken more money from washington lobbyists than any republican running for president .
but it s unnerving to privacy experts .
the opposition democratic party of japan dpj is set to become the largest party in the upper house for the first time .
officials say officers fired tear gas and used batons to disperse the crowd of several hundred people .
injury hit france recalled striker david trezeguet to their squad to face england in a prestigious friendly international at the stade de france on wednesday .
if the democratic national committee wants to talk about another florida presidential primary , but not paid for by the taxpayers of florida they have already paid million for the presidential primary that was held . if the dnc were to pay for another election , then that might be considered , said florida sen . bill nelson , a democrat .
they extracted the nucleus and injected it into eggs whose dna had been removed .
ledger was born in perth , australia , and named heathcliff andrew after the main characters of emily bronte s wuthering heights .
if found guilty , the defendants could face up to years in prison .
saudi arabia and other gulf arab countries who are all u . s . allies have been worried over iran s increasing regional influence .
the republican race , in which john mccain appears to have a clear lead in polls over his main challenger , mitt romney , may be decided on tuesday .
a big explosion erupted at the scene following the attack indicating the presence of bombs and explosives in the gunmen s bags , the statement said . as a result of this big explosion , extensive damage was caused to a house that was near the gunmen and uninvolved civilians were hit .
about people escaped the burning wreckage and were taken to hospital .
in a separate development , an interior ministry spokesman said about , police and soldiers were dismissed after refusing to fight or neglecting their duties during last month s crackdown in shiite strongholds .
the prosecution said that hwang , the former seoul national university professor , was evidently involved in fabricating two papers on stem cells featured by the u . s . journal science in and .
according to an mbc poll of , people on sunday , . percent of respondents said economic growth should be a priority in the next president s policies , while . percent chose wealth redistribution as the most important presidential task .
the man had been attending a two month language course in the city , it said .
tirana , albania one moment president bush was glad handing albanians on sunday , proudly sporting a watch with a dark strap on his left wrist .
ronaldinho will not be leaving the nou camp during the january transfer window , barcelona supremo joan laporta has insisted .
it contained an explanation of his actions and states , you caused me to do this , abc news reported .
there s no way you can grow accustomed to dealing with it .
many of those who turned out for saturday s protest carried national flags and placards .
that s not too bad , but it is raining that could be bad for flights here .
we ve got to go full speed .
abdul rahman s case has been handed back to the attorney general because of gaps in the evidence , an official said .
men and women from a broad cross section of ages and social classes began arriving before dawn , although most volunteers were young men .
shops kept their doors closed and few people were seen inside .
the leak could be linked to a change in the emmy voting procedures this year .
if traveling with gifts , wrap them after reaching your destination
it says the system is not aimed at russia but moscow says its security is threatened .
the fourth item , which could take up to a year , aims for a resolution to the political crisis , the former secretary general said .
as he burrowed back into the music , haynes began reading biographies of dylan and was struck by the man s transformations .
two third country nationals were also wounded in the attack , but the military did not clarify their nationalities .
the gloomy economy results in gloomy sales numbers for retailers in november .
toshikatsu matsuoka , , was found in his apartment monday unconscious and declared dead hours later .
wielechowski left alone , sporting a swollen eye , tuxedo pants , a bloody t shirt and one shoe .
anyone who calls it a steroid is grossly misinformed .
the london stock exchange is to buy its italian counterpart for . billion . billion , a statement from the two confirmed on saturday , the latest step in a global consolidation of exchanges .
the city s government is pushing for better english and chinese skills and disputes some of the criticism .
lawmakers in pakistan s lower house of parliament on monday passed a resolution proposed by minister for parliamentary affairs sher afgan khan niazi who branded rushdie who was born in india into a muslim family a blasphemer .
they rested overnight after they were taken to the operating room for cleaning and closure of their wounds , dr . rochelle dicker told reporters . right now , i can tell you that they re in good spirits , and they look absolutely fantastic .
it s hard , but it s also beautiful , ali said thursday , sitting in his small plastic tent on the roadside at mina , the ancient spot in the desert outside mecca where for the second day more than million pilgrims stoned symbols of the devil .
one of the men , bruce fromong , described the incident as a home invasion type robbery .
taiwan , hong kong and singapore all saw a percent jump in the number of visitors to the sites .
some advice for a new mother in southern california with her hands more than full .
ono also said that when she became pregnant with sean shortly after the couple reunited in following a two year separation , she let lennon decide whether she should have the baby or abort it .
it would have also offered some would be migrants the chance to apply for a guest worker program .
the fta with the united states would be the biggest trade accord ever for korea .
the government reportedly wants the kashiwazaki plant to stay closed for more than a year for safety checks .
lindsay lohan rules .
in fact the only detail that truly says journalist here is ro s pathetic dependence on tech support , in the fidgety form of devoted computer geek miles giovanni ribisi .
last week philips , the dutch electronics giant , criticized hollywood studios for sending out conflicting signals about their distribution plans .
some studies suggest that converting land for crops such as palm oil used for biofuel can generate far more in carbon emissions than the savings delivered by the fuel .
filming is scheduled to begin later this year , with steven spielberg on board to direct .
however , years later , sitka is about to be returned to local jurisdiction , and the island s jews including a noted detective , meyer landsman are wondering where to go next .
for me , it s about common public decency getting families and kids and people and westmore back down to what they all talk about as being the most beautiful place , and they don t go there any more , said tony strange , who lives about a half mile from south cove and helped circulate a petition asking the select board to enact the ordinance .
the bridge was being built across the hau river , a branch of the mekong river , in the southern city of can tho .
lone star turned the bank around , and began looking for a buyer after a two year ban on selling its shares expired last october .
survivors of an earthquake that killed more than , people on indonesia s island of java spent a second night outdoors .
a massive crowd is packing the national mall ahead of barack obama s inauguration .
the agency says showing the simpsons during a time slot for all viewers could violate venezuela s law of social responsibility in radio and television .
but documents formalizing that agreement have not been signed by ukraine s natural gas company .
joint chiefs chairman mike mullen telling pbs charlie rose the review s almost done .
the chief investigator said the victim might have been under stress from serving as both company leader and officer in charge of medical administrative affairs .
getting back to traffic
fandel also criticized poulsen , who was ejected after punching swedish striker markus rosenberg in the stomach .
it states that muslim women are forbidden to wear thick make up , like bright colored lipstick and high heeled shoes that gave a tapping sound , the news agency said .
the ruling came after a six hour meeting of the nine nec members .
we will use the time between now and our first world cup qualifying match in september to look at the players and find the best formula for the england team . i will also look at players who have not been included in the squad this time . i know there has been a lot of discussion about david beckham .
winehouse had spent the afternoon signing autographs for canadian fans who were standing outside her house . she collapsed after they left .
ap white house correspondent mark smith reports that over the years , this dinner has become the hottest ticket in town
the usa today gallup poll asked republicans which democrat would mccain have a better chance of beating .
i m going to afghanistan .
it is an honor to call him my friend . and let me be very clear
authorities are looking for mireles , , and his year old pregnant girlfriend .
the officials said obama is also expected to finally confirm that he is keeping defense secretary robert gates in his current post .
michael honda , d calif . , of japanese descent , who has been the driving force behind a resolution , said he expects the full house to pass it as well .
amazon s copy protection free mp s will allow customers to play their music on virtually any of their personal devices .
obama spokesman robert gibbs flatly refused wolfson s request to denounce geffen s comments and referred to a remark made earlier this week by south carolina democratic state sen . robert ford .
the former president suffered ill health this year and he was taken to hospital four times for tests and angioplasty .
speaking in an exclusive interview with cnn on the sidelines of the world economic forum in davos , switzerland , karzai also reluctantly accepted his image as a puppet of america but he shied away from accepting reported u . s . doubts that nato troops lacked the training to combat the taliban . asked if he agreed with a
like so many people in other cultures , many americans are taking time to relax and enjoy the finer tastes at dinner , even if they still rush through lunch at a hamburger stand .
washington has accused the bank of complicity in money laundering by the pyongyang regime , but gave its blessing for the funds to be freed to win progress on the nuclear issue .
only one out of three koreans are in good health , according to the korea times , quoting a report released on monday .
the muslims were heavily outgunned and suffered the highest number of casualties .
a new international high school in seoul for korean and foreign students announced its first student admission requirements and details of the educational curriculum yesterday .
football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc the sport s oldest club .
senior defense officials told reporters in baghdad that the bombs were being used to deadly effect , killing more than us troops since june .
while florence has the blockbuster museums , siena has an easy to enjoy soul
both have been taken to paddington green police station in london for questioning .
district judge andrew shaw sentenced hughes to two months in jail but suspended the sentence for one year .
kelly clarkson , who rails against a former flame in her new song never again , says she s never been in love .
it got dubya elected .
party chairman han hwa kap plans to meet with u . s . ambassador to seoul christopher hill today to discuss the issue , according to mdp officials sunday .
lee won a landslide victory in the dec .
the tocopilla hospital was itself damaged in the quake , and authorities were considering relocating patients to other hospitals in the area , the government said .
the missile defense agency estimated the cost of a sea based attempted intercept at million to million .
the israeli army says it s investigating a report that its forces fired on a un aid truck .
over the years , several of his other films , including tootsie and they shoot horses , don t they ?
al jabouri said seven of the vehicle borne bombs were suicide car bombings and that a key bridge , many buildings , shops and homes were destroyed during a six hour period starting late wednesday afternoon .
if they succeed , the birds will sing again on rat island .
what is new with this article is that it shows brain shrinking at lower doses of alcohol . however , the study did not demonstrate that the smaller brain volume actually impaired memory or mental function , notes james garbutt , m . d . , professor of psychiatry at the university of north carolina at chapel hill .
following a meeting in seoul , they agreed to seek the revision in the initial days of the th term national assembly to be formed through general elections in april and urged roh to leave the matter to the hands of the next government .
the two had told their love story for years and years , inspiring a book deal , an upcoming movie , and stories across the globe on television , in papers and on the internet .
the cowboys beat the redskins in sunday night football .
police superintendent jody weis blamed an excess of guns and gangs for the rash of violence .
walking through heavy rain , the demonstrators chanted slogans condemning the lawmaker , ma lik , who disputed witness accounts of the june , , crackdown , saying chinese troops did not fire indiscriminately at protesters .
matilda rose ledger , daughter of michelle williams and the late heath ledger
he said the boy had been attacked on saturday after entering a bush for a toilet stop in a fishing village in the national park on komodo , an island , km miles east of the capital jakarta .
moreover , a majority of the opposition party holds favorable opinions of obama and mccain .
near th street and can get very busy at peak times like sunday brunch .
the amin family has shunned the media for more than two decades , but now that the film has returned idi amin to the spotlight , jaffar amin wants to offer a son s perspective .
the wedding ceremony is likely to anger conservative members of the anglican communion , a loose knit worldwide christian grouping which includes the u . s . episcopal church .
more on the obama administration s fresh attempt at loosening credit from ap white house correspondent mark smith
they need to bring in help from abroad to find a solution , said trader turki abdelaziz .
families of the trapped six miners accused those in charge of rescue effort of having given up on the missing men .
afterward , spears ran toward henderson but was stopped by security , and then threw a baby bottle at him , it said .
the whole world is moving toward democracy , al bayati said . we are islamists and we believe that democracy is the only way to ensure freedom .
but they said they were unable to pass on the warning to coastal areas .
us secretary of state colin powell , widely respected in a world often weary of america s superpower diplomacy , resigned on monday .
cnn foreseeing the future is a tricky business .
the narrow streets are lined with hotels and buildings designed with curved edges , porthole windows and pastel colored facades , all touchstones of the style .
we concede and congratulate the people who have won the elections , mushahid syed hussain , general secretary of the pakistan muslim league q , told cnn .
now , that s the same amount that tickets are up .
she s one of the most beautiful people i ve ever met on this planet . . . you immediately get a sense of who she is and her values , says jive a r executive jeff fenster , who helped sparks and her management team select songs for the album .
collins didn t immediately name the person killed in the strike , but mohammad wali , a musa qala resident , said the airstrike killed a taliban leader named mullah abdul gafoor and some of his associates while they were riding in a truck through a small village just outside musa qala .
the very next day , friday , will mark the fifth anniversary of the columbia disaster .
and at p . m . , another smaller quake of . magnitude occurred , centered miles kilometers south southwest of ica , peru , and miles kilometers south southeast of lima .
the incoming prime minister , iyad allawi , said his government would soon negotiate a crucial agreement on the status of u . s . led international forces that will remain in iraq .
we have had difficulties in a number of previous incidents convincing people to come forward with information , said simon kauba , assistant commissioner of police and commander of the highlands region , where the killing occurred .
senior officials from north and south korea will hold talks today after a month hiatus to discuss the ever intensifying standoff over pyongyang s endeavor to develop nuclear weapons and normalize the inter korean dialogue .
in cairo , university students burned american , british and israeli flags and called for president hosni mubarak to send military support to iraq .
camp pendleton , california cnn a marine was sentenced friday to years in prison after being convicted of unpremeditated murder and other charges in connection with the death of a civilian in hamdaniya , iraq , last year .
the year old driver was apparently drunk and fell asleep when he crashed into the race , said police investigator jose alfredo rodriguez .
more people watched sunday s game than all but one american television broadcast ever , the m a s h finale in , which was seen by million viewers .
the lighting is gentle , so the view isn t obscured at night .
the plane , a single engine cessna caravan , fell off radar at p . m . p . m . et sunday , about a half hour after taking off from boise , idaho , bound for shelton , washington , according to the federal aviation administration .
an unidentified runner from virginia died during the army ten miler , collapsing near the finish at the pentagon .
branson paid tribute to fossett s record breaking prowess .
they pulled more than , people from under debris but did not say how many were survivors , according to the disaster relief headquarters of the chengdu military area command .
the theory that sharratt killed three men was incredible and relied on contradictory information from iraqis , lt . col . paul ware , the hearing officer , said last month , the associated press reported .
there are also scheduled opportunities onboard to meet characters like mickey and cinderella , and to attend character breakfasts like the ones that are so popular in disney parks .
one iranian was sentenced to a year in prison here for violations of korea s financial transfer laws .
cities in the developing world are growing the fastest .
it provoked an outcry , particularly among many of iraq s sunni arabs , and sparked a horrific day of violence that left people dead from bombings and other attacks .
rural india is deeply superstitious and the little girl is being hailed as a return of the hindu goddess of valor , durga , a fiery deity traditionally depicted with three eyes and many arms .
silver won a tony award , and was co founder of the creative coalition .
air , which estimates the total property value in the area is about billion , said the insurance market is still developing in china .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
alexander downer was testifying before an inquiry in sydney into the actions of the australian wheat board .
everything went wrong . i m disappointed with the way i wasn t able to play today and that is especially frustrating .
tuesday s victories means that obama for the first time has a lead over clinton in the delegate count , to , , according to cnn estimates .
excess drinking destroys the liver , and can be toxic to the brain .
the next step , she said , will be a u . n . security council resolution , and work is under way to prepare for that .
the bush administration has tightened the four decades old u . s . embargo on the island , curtailed visits home by cuban americans and limited the amount of money cuban americans can send to relatives .
we believe that mokbel was directing and organizing production and distribution of drugs overseas , was in regular contact with associates in melbourne and associates in victoria who were distributing cash proceeds of drug sales to him using international banking accounts and cash transfers , victorian state police commissioner christine nixon said in melbourne .
let s hope the characters will not be prosecuted for failing to appear , ravelli quipped .
joining her in the top this year are in descending order jessica biel , alba , elisha cuthbert , scarlett johansson , emmanuelle chriqui , hilary duff , tricia helfer , blake lively and kate beckinsale .
the bank of japan kept its key interest rate unchanged at . percent at its policy meeting earlier this month , still the lowest rate among major industrialized countries .
shi tao , , worked for the contemporary business news in hunan province , before he was arrested and sentenced on april th to years in prison .
then when you get the power , then you get the women .
dementieva , who was unseeded , was winning her second title of and will move back into the world top .
just hours before the shooting , rowles called police and said that a car had stopped in front of his house and that a black male ran up and said something about obama , according to the report , and damaged his sign again .
meanwhile , the assault case is due back in court wednesday
by the s , cary grant already had a spectacular film career .
lance armstrong fears he could be attacked by spectators if he returns to the tour de france next year .
that s almost a perfect rhythm to help jump start a stopped heart .
under etc , tolls would be electronically deducted on the fly , as they already are in some states .
i don t think anybody has the full picture , crain said . we re looking at the data .
torture methods included beatings , water torture , electric shock and sleep deprivation , it said .
under new ethics guidelines set by the committee , any candidate who has been sentenced to jail for financial fraud or other wrongdoing will not be allowed to run under the udp banner in the april general elections .
sevilla put osasuna under intense pressure from the start , striker luis fabiano and winger antonio puerta firing over the bar .
more than . million japanese visited hawaii last year .
the office previously declined to comment on the sale , saying it concerned the leader s private life .
one charred body believed to be a protester was found in the u . s . embassy compound , embassy spokesman in belgrade william wanlund said .
a senior police investigator in peshawar , the provincial capital , said that the bomber s severed head and legs indicated he was in his s . his fair complexion suggested he was from pakistan s border areas or afghanistan , the investigator said .
microsoft said on thursday it would take a more than billion charge to fix an unacceptable number of repairs to its xbox video game consoles and had missed shipment targets for the end of june .
their massive protest vastly overshadowed official ceremonies earlier tuesday marking the sixth anniversary of hong kong s return to china on july , .
on leaving discovery , the crew went to inspect the vehicle on the tarmac .
rescue teams have drilled four narrow holes into part of the crandall canyon mine since the august cave in .
he was placed in an ambulance and taken to the hospital , as temperatures soared into the mid s c s f .
tuesday was the first time that double decker cars were being used at such a high speed , according to officials of alstom , which makes tgvs and which crawled back a year ago from the edge of bankruptcy .
fifteen thousand bloggers were responding monthly this summer .
white house spokeswoman dana perino said the two would leave new york on tuesday night and travel together to moscow for the state funeral on wednesday .
the u . s . ended the draft in during the turbulent vietnam war era .
famous for its size the warehouse like building stretches for an entire city block this location is just one of five powell s stores in the city .
i think we re going to be with him for a generation .
thailand placed first with percent , followed by hong kong with percent and japan with percent .
after weeks of criticism that she was being too elusive , senate hopeful caroline kennedy is now talking about why she believes she is the best person for the job .
the agency said that the percentage would approximate . million addicts nationwide .
i played a really good tournament this week and that has given me a lift after losing at wimbledon , nadal said in a television interview .
nasa suggest that these storms could be the result of stresses on the land surface such as overgrazing and damage to vegetation
it is the first time for an incumbent top tax official to appear before prosecutors since the tax office was separated from the ministry of finance and economy in .
that opium poppy plantations are spreading throughout the golden triangle , the area where the borders of thailand , laos and myanmar meet .
cnn some fans of the band chicago thought this day would never come .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
she allowed herself one shot each day , with only one piece of instant film .
a study at the university of illinois shows stayin alive has about beats per minute .
he was speaking after the iranian president gave a speech threatening to cut off the hand of the aggressor if iran was attacked .
when democrats were asked about the general election , the new york times cbs news poll showed obama had the best chance of beating sen . john mccain percent to clinton s percent . and it s not just democrats .
video provided to cnn shows an al qaeda in iraq firing squad executing one time allies fellow sunni extremists who were not loyal enough to the terror organization , coalition military analysts said .
she has been jailed without bond since her april arrest .
authorities said that torrential rains are expected to pound the region for another days raising water levels further , according to the news agency xinhua .
the moais were nominated , but not chosen , as one of the new seven wonders of the world , selected by average citizens in a global poll conducted by a nonprofit organization last year .
baghdad , iraq cnn three u . s . soldiers were killed and others wounded in two rocket attacks sunday afternoon in baghdad , the u . s . military said .
brockway is about miles northeast of pittsburgh .
the korea times reports south korean diplomats are attaching no great significance to a senior washington official s remark that the united states would consider all the tools available to frustrate north korea s nuclear ambitions .
international aid workers were scrambling to dig latrines and set up water purifiers .
if it wasn t for odd numbers , all the even numbers would bump into each other .
police alerted to tuesday s attack shot and killed the tiger after they shouted to try to divert its attention from one of the victims on the ground and it turned towards them .
kenneth rowles , , pleaded not guilty to the charge monday , according to cnn affiliate wbns .
it then admitted to its own breach of ethics in journalism when filming the material that also sought to question the authenticity of dr hwang s work . mbc tv publicly apologized on sunday for violating journalism ethics while investigating hwang s research .
the spotted eagle ray weighed about to pounds and had a six foot wingspan , said pino .
the group was initially seized in july .
also sentenced to death was sultan hashem ahmed , iraqi army commander during the war with iran .
do additives cause childhood hyperactivity ?
in the letter released to reuters , oxfam international executive director jeremy hobbs said world bank staff had clearly stated they were unable to carry out their jobs and the institution was in a state of paralysis .
such investigations have spread unease among china s new rich , many of whom have operated until recently with little regulation and who frequently are suspected of buying influence and exploiting political connections .
our predecessors have laid a good foundation for us , wen said . yet we still face numerous difficulties and problems ahead , which require innovation and creativity as we press on .
one candle represented the south korean born gunman , who was also known as seung hui cho .
but joan ended up in the hospital days , primarily because of infections she developed after surgery .
additional release of iraqi pows .
atlanta , georgia cnn he s pregnant .
police said there were reports of women and children among the casualties .
my music is still true enka , just with a little more soul and rhythm , he said . and if it helps younger japanese learn about this music , then that makes me happy .
former bbc reporter clarence mitchell has given up his job with the british government to take up the role after justine mcguinness the mccanns spokesperson for the past three months stood down last weekend .
in sao paulo , some carried stalks of sugarcane used to make ethanol and a banner reading for every liter of ethanol produced , liters of fresh water are consumed , monoculture is destroying the nation s greatest asset .
kenyan media reported that marauding youths armed with spears , bows and arrows and machetes were destroying homes around the town of eldoret , near the border with uganda .
nearly a fourth of the world s mammals are threatened with extinction , a leading international conservation group said monday as it unveiled its latest global study of the problem .
as the world s top business , economic and political leaders meet in davos , switzerland , police in geneva had to use tear gas to break up a bottle throwing crowd of protesters .
all of us are in this together !
manchester city said on thursday that they were backing an . million pounds . million takeover bid led by ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra .
even the experts were stunned when they saw the data showing that the u . s . had grown fatter , not thinner , over the past years .
earlier , a witness testifying by videolink from paris recalled seeing motorcycles chasing a mercedes at high speed on the night diana died .
the diamonds will be difficult to sell on world markets , said philip claes , spokesman for the antwerp diamond council . he told belgium s rtl tvi television network the haul included both cut gems and rough diamonds which cannot be sold without certificates of origin to show they have not come illegally from war zones .
the two sides agreed to hold the military talks early this year but have yet to fix the date .
carrey spoke with cnn s larry king about his life on and off the screen .
obama also confirmed that he is keeping defense secretary robert gates in his current post .
one of the most influential figures in the world economy , former us central bank chairman alan greenspan , has warned that the good times are over for the world economy .
torre , in the final year of his contract , said his future was not discussed .
the vote different clip is a remake of an apple computer ad from , which in turn was a take on george orwell s .
here s a rundown of the players and their exploits for the film that hits theaters may .
the oscars are a ratings dud .
it also makes reference to area , part of nellis air force base , where the stealth bomber and aurora spy plane were developed .
although regulators did not specifically name microsoft s latest operating system , vista , they will look at some of its features such as desktop search .
song young moo is favored to become chairman of the joint chiefs of staff jcs , replacing gen .
the foreign ministers of south korea , china and japan will meet for exclusive talks during the asia europe meeting in kyoto next month , or during the asean ministerial talks the same month , according to park joon woo , director general of the asia pacific affairs bureau at korea s foreign ministry .
pope s message angers gay rights activists
sony has also struggled to expand beyond the young , male demographic of hardcore gamers unlike the wii , which has actively targeted women , young children and older gamers .
the attorney has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing at the ministry of justice next month .
the revelation came after the bank updated the way it calculated the country s gross domestic product gdp .
dupre or spitzer are accused of any crime .
half of voters expect the main opposition grand national party gnp to break up before the dec .
a u . s . led invasion the following october drove the taliban from power , but american and allied troops have been fighting its remnants in the country s mountainous south ever since .
the reincarnated book club will differ slightly from the original , offering just four or five selections a year with a focus on classic works , rather than books by living authors .
since then , the taliban have announced a number of new deadlines that have passed .
i think it s fairly easy to cross that line , says robin dimatteo , a professor of psychology at the university of california , riverside .
by comparison , it took from to to make a leap of the same size .
but prime minister han myeong sook is expected not to resign although she is a key uri party member .
in his weekly radio and internet address , president barack obama talked about what the government is doing about the millions of jobs lost
it is a special day because we re making a new beginning , paisley said . i believe we re starting on a road which will bring us back to peace and to prosperity .
i m extremely pleased that it was passed last night .
ferraro told cbs the early show that she would not stop raising money for the new york senator s presidential bid .
the major challenges facing theme parks in the future will revolve around demographics .
the mail , seen as the voice of britain s right wing middle class , also speculated that the rift was partly blamed on the social status of non royal middleton .
danielle prater was visiting her aunt when she looked up , saw the flames , and evacuated
he s drawn national acclaim for gliding his disabled jetliner to a splashdown landing earlier this month on the hudson river in new york , saving the lives of everyone on board .
asked what she thought about her sentencing she said it was a very delicate area .
at an age when his identity is up for grabs , he latches onto the kindness shown him by woody and quickly falls in with him and his skinhead friends .
the government was formed in with the help of the united nations , but has struggled to assert any real control .
some appeared dazed after realizing that their last hope of seeing their family members again was gone .
tech international , the part s johnstown , ohio based distributor , estimates that just , of roughly million of those valves are defective .
robert mugabe s party has lost its parliamentary majority for the first time since zimbabwean independence in .
fearing that brazil may clear pristine jungle to increase sugarcane cultivation for ethanol , greenpeace activists hung a huge banner warning against increased reliance on ethanol as an alternative fuel .
the freed sheikhs were shiite , from anbakiya tribe , the tribal leader said .
the ancient tunnel was recently discovered buried beneath rubble , a monument to one of the great dramatic scenes of the destruction of the second temple in the year a . d .
the team will assist five local workers in assessing needs in the devastated irrawaddy delta .
but many commuters prefer to ride on top of passenger cars either due to a lack of space inside or because they can t afford the ticket , which start at , rupiahs .
in a tv debate show on may , roh said it was time for south korea to reduce its dependence on the u . s . military .
the backpack was taken to a lab , where explosives specialists were examining its contents . there were a lot of nails in that bag .
the poll monitors from the organisation for security and cooperation in europe osce said there was a lack of transparency during the vote count , state media bias in favor or nur otan , and too many legal barriers to foster plurality .
the meeting followed a trip by abe to china in october the first sign of a thaw in ongoing tensions between the two countries .
former u . s . vice president and nobel laureate al gore co founded live earth , whose goal is to promote change to help the environment through entertainment .
the fed lowered its economic growth forecast for the year .
vermont governor jim douglas says there s no time to lose on this .
a catholic priest is to go on trial in vietnam accused of disseminating information to undermine the state and forming an illegal political party .
the strike is expected to suspend about flights , or percent of the domestic flights , including ones departing from kimpo to cheju .
the group said it hoped to dispel conspiracy theories about the crash .
let s not speculate , he said .
last week , russia said it had tested a ballistic missile to maintain strategic balance in the world .
where elephants weep is the tale of two cambodian american men who return home after surviving the s genocidal khmer rouge regime to reconnect with their roots but are confronted by the tragic past as well as an unfamiliar modern cambodian society .
nevertheless , in defiance of a government ban , between , and , demonstrators massed outside the royal palace in kuala lumpar , according to media reports .
badawi has been battling demonstrations against alleged vote fraud for weeks and demanded an overhaul of malaysia s electoral commission before the election .
after cologne police were alerted to the plot to attack the georg buechner gymnasium in the western district of junkirdors , they confiscated two crossbows , two air guns and a list of intended victims , laggies said .
the statement came at the close of the two day talks of top diplomats from european and asian nations .
becoming the first tour winner to be stripped of his title .
in qualifying for the world cup in south africa , the north koreans have made it through to the final qualifying stage and recently drew with their neighbor south korea
and there are those who think a beer related anniversary is nothing to celebrate .
north korea has bristled in response to lee s promised tougher stance toward the north . he took office in late february .
despite overwhelming financial and political odds , i am proud of the campaign we waged , he said .
yangon , myanmar cnn about , people led by buddhist monks demonstrated against myanmar s military junta sunday , in what has quickly become the largest anti government demonstrations since the failed democratic uprising in .
one of the results of cotte s work is a virtual restoration of the painting , an exact replica showing the original colors as they would have looked when the painting was new .
sony also hopes the ps will win some converts following microsoft s admission last week that the failure rate of its xbox console had been unacceptably high , forcing it to book billion in repair costs .
the fares of yellow and red buses will be won and , won , respectively .
the new troops will keep the level of u . s . forces in afghanistan at about , , the highest number of u . s . troops there since the october invasion .
the exodus followed israel s closing of its gaza border crossings friday to punish gaza s hamas leadership after days of rocket attacks on southern israel .
once the high showing closes on july , the exhibition travels to the chicago institute of art and the metropolitan museum in new york .
phil blissitt told the anniston star in a story friday that he bought the week old pig in december as a christmas gift for his wife , rhonda , and that they sold it after deciding to get rid of all the pigs at their farm .
the men were lucky to be along the coast of rhode island , where emergency operators have more power than most of their counterparts in america to help people calling from wireless phones .
swedish researchers looked at years of records and discovered that the number of heart attacks dipped on the monday after clocks were set back an hour , possibly because people got an extra hour of sleep .
unesco director general koichiro matsuura called for immediate action to protect iraqi cultural institutions , including libraries , saying culture can play a key role in the consolidation of the peace process .
world number two rafael nadal was routed by fourth seeded mikhail youzhny in the final of the chennai open in a quickfire minutes on sunday .
iran s foreign ministry said the remark had damaged the credibility of france , while the official iranian news agency accused paris of aping washington .
an unnamed senior north korean diplomat told interfax on wednesday that washington s request was out of the scope of what pyongyang could accept .
he rejected calls for defense secretary donald rumsfeld s resignation but complained about rumsfeld s handling of the controversy .
without consulting its members , the labor union representing workers at hyundai motor co .
i am so disappointed , i thought i could see it through to the end and come back with our guys and the colonel himself .
we ve still got ways to go , she said at a luncheon speech before the women s foreign policy group , and added , in the meantime , i can say that much of the work has gone rather well .
seattle cnn starbucks corp . said thursday it has laid off about support staff who worked at the coffee retailer s headquarters and in field operations and will leave about open jobs unfilled .
the percent approval number is a new low for bush in cnn polling , and points lower than the president s number at the start of the iraq war .
the year old beckham , who had a one hour private meeting with brown at downing street on tuesday , gave the prime minister a guided tour of his east london soccer academy on thursday .
a citizen of both france and colombia , betancourt was campaigning for colombia s presidency when she was kidnapped in .
then , fukuda would have had to dissolve the lower house and call snap elections .
please don t use force .
chevy chase as gerald ford .
the program rivals any of the so called great society antipoverty programs of the s , but will this one succeed where the others failed ?
and with the flu vaccine in shorter supply this year than before , doctors are emphasizing that the shots be offered first to the elderly and other high risk individuals .
i think people in the media and observers will make a decision as to whether these people , individuals , should be part of sen . obama s campaign , mccain said in boston , massachusetts , on thursday .
stauffenberg and his co conspirators were shot after failing to kill hitler with a briefcase bomb on july , .
the ap has obtained a copy of his convention confession .
prime ministers from north and south korea have met for the first time in years , in talks aimed at improving ties on the divided peninsula .
lutein is better absorbed when combined with a splash of oil , particularly olive oil .
putin called those remarks a kind of political erotica and compared the situation with iraq .
solti admired his ambition to take the mariinsky orchestra outside russia and share its music with the world .
los angeles cnn the screen actors guild has told its , members to stay on the job even if the union fails to reach a deal with film and television studios before their current contract expires at midnight monday .
jendayi frazer was speaking in south africa , at the start of a tour to lobby zimbabwe s neighbours to put pressure on president robert mugabe .
in addition , the colombian government monday afternoon issued a tropical storm warning for isla de providencia .
the prince has been deployed to afghanistan since december .
the rapid rise in food prices could push m people in poor countries deeper into poverty , the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , has said .
as part of its plea deal , british airways is admitting that between mid and early , it colluded with virgin atlantic over the surcharges , which were added to fares in response to rising oil prices .
authorities also said they are battling a second nearby blaze , which has already burned acres .
the measure carries out major recommendations of the independent commission .
ben gordon s five late free throws rallied the chicago bulls to a win over the cleveland cavaliers in the nba on thursday .
the south korean city of incheon has been chosen by the olympic council of asia to host the asian games in .
for me , it s a very happy day , he said .
the bbc reports north korea has tested a number of missiles in quick succession , one of which was a long range weapon which failed seconds into flight .
he was found at his workplace with a melted battery in his shirt pocket and punctured lungs and heart .
the ambitious south to north water transfer project will move water along three channels linking the wetter flood prone southern basin to parched northern climes .
algiers , algeria cnn rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the united nations headquarters in algiers hoping to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building s facade and leveled nearby u . n . offices .
taiwan s main opposition party is making its first visit to china since communist forces defeated it and took power on the mainland in .
however , sources in burma say as many as , people many of them monks who led the demos have been rounded up for interrogation in recent days .
the city government said that beginning next month , it would operate a drop in center near seoul station where homeless people can take showers .
the seven month figure has approached full year figures from the previous six years , which averaged . billion .
mugabe , who has been zimbabwe s only leader since it gained independence from britain in , was facing his toughest re election battle yet .
the film s director , stephen frears , has already suggested that he , mirren and screenwriter peter morgan would visit the queen at the palace next month .
a longtime technology journalist , gruman is more accustomed to writing about trends than starting them .
it allows the olympic committee to analyze samples retroactively should new tests to detect new substances and doping methods become available .
ms korea has charged hana bank illegally copoied software programs .
during the acrimonious court battle over his estate , nina s lawyer described their years together as almost a fairy tale and said they remained madly in love into middle age .
he said in a recent interview
she missed makable birdie putts on the front nine before finally holing a footer on that tied her for the lead and a footer on that gave her a one shot advantage .
in , about a third of high school boys smoked , but that ratio dropped to just under percent in last year s survey .
he very much wanted to do a concert , says kaye . he said , look things are so bad there , i think we ve got a message .
rome , italy cnn a general transport strike by workers in italy demanding more investment in the sector forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights and idled trains , ships and buses across the country on friday .
cnn the call girl involved in the sex scandal with former new york gov . eliot spitzer filed a lawsuit monday suing the founder of the girls gone wild video series for more than million .
iranian officials accused the pentagon of forging the video it released and said the united states timed the release to coincide with the eve of president bush s trip to the middle east .
a spokesman for the phoenix police department described the suspect , jose francisco mendoza , as a foot , inch tall latino man .
scores of insurgents have been killed over the last day during fighting in southern afghanistan , the u . s . led coalition said on wednesday .
he surmised the gator may have been a pet that got too big and was dumped into the chattahoochee , which meanders across metro atlanta and through a series of parks .
the share dow has now risen of the last sessions , matching its longest bull run in history , hit during the summer of , according to dow jones .
negotiation is going well between the taliban and the korean government , but not the afghan government , taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousif ahmadi said .
the union had earlier predicted that around , of its members would join the protest march .
mr . simba makoni is just as guilty as part of the zanu pf elite which has destroyed our country , tsvangirai said . he as an individual may have some residue of respect , but they are guilty by omission and by commission over the last years .
established in as the colombian communist party , farc is colombia s oldest and largest marxist rebel group , according to the u . s . department of state .
an investigators report entitled no medal for the olympics on labour rights cites gross violations of basic labour standards including adult wages at half the legal minimum , employment of workers as young as years old .
an official at south korea s unification ministry , which deals with north korean affairs , said he was unable to confirm the reports but questioned their reliability .
on monday , dale kreisher , spokesman at the u . s . consulate general in hong kong , declined to say whether washington was ready to lift the sanctions on banco delta asia , accused of helping north korea s money laundering and counterfeiting .
investigators were inside the building for nine hours .
the seoul central district prosecutors office said yesterday that it will form a special team to investigate allegations surrounding the illegal slot machines the sea story .
comfort women is a euphemism for hundreds of thousands of young girls , many of them kidnapped or lured by the japanese , placed in frontline brothels to provide sex to japanese soldiers .
nairobi , kenya cnn cnn reporter zain verjee was shot in the back with a tear gas cannister on wednesday as running battles erupted between police and protesters after country s opposition leader called for three days of nationwide demonstrations against the outcome of last month s presidential elections .
the landslide tore a yard gash on a mountainside tuesday and raised concern that the massive reservoir of the three gorges dam , miles km away , was wreaking ecological havoc in the region , according to the associated press .
the south korean national intelligence agency nia admitted last week to seizing mr . kim while he was in japan .
iraqi firemen in yellow helmets doused the flames with a hose , as iraqi men and boys crowded the streets .
he based the report on accounts from current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources .
investigators said thursday afternoon that they believe they know how the toddlers got out of the house , got to the pond and other details .
and by then , jack would have been the more booze appropriate age of .
some were simply informal .
one person was killed .
us comedian and tv chat show host jay leno has told the michael jackson trial that he was suspicious of the singer s accuser when they spoke on the phone .
and prompted the california highway patrol to close a two mile stretch of interstate in both directions traffic was being diverted to alternate routes .
london , england john lennon was shot and killed outside his new york city apartment after deciding he wanted to return home to see his son rather than go out for dinner , yoko ono said in an interview broadcast sunday .
castro , , temporarily handed power to his younger brother raul castro in july after undergoing intestinal surgery .
rape and brutality against women and girls are rampant and committed by non state armed groups , the armed forces of the drc , the national congolese police , and increasingly also by civilians , said turkish lawyer yakin erturk .
the unit of pearson charts reportedly paid him an . million advance for the book , which is believed to be the no . advance for a nonfiction book , second only to the million advance given to former president bill clinton for his memoir .
the supreme court won t be taking another look at its recent decision that outlawed executions for people convicted of raping children .
of the are based in the u . s . or canada , while are european .
hicks has been held at the u . s . military prison in guantanamo since january , a month after he was detained in afghanistan .
paris hilton swallowed up by a tight fitting futuristic designer space suit
the system is powered by a rechargeable lithium ion battery .
it s a point that obama agrees with .
garcia luna said the high ranking police would be forced to undergo what he called a trust test including anti doping exams , polygraphs and psychological reviews
kim mi hyun , , finished up in th place at over .
two women hostages freed by colombian farc rebels have arrived on a private jet at an airport near caracas and have been reunited with their families .
this orchestration of china s government runs in five year cycles , starting with the first congress in .
musicians from nations and orchestras come together for just a few days for a one off performance to show that it s possible for people of different race , religion , color and creed to work together to achieve a greater goal , be it beautiful music , or peace .
but the wind shifted , and the blaze set fire to two cars , a pickup and a travel trailer in the man s own yard . people around the world dimming their lights .
word of those delays caused shares in eads to drop by a quarter at the time .
the consensus estimate of economists surveyed by briefing . com was for a slight increase to , .
chinese state media had warned it would cast a shadow over ties with the us .
they want to establish an autonomous karen state in the east of burma , and to protect the karen people from what they say are abuses by the government .
dr hwang has admitted errors , but claims his work was sabotaged .
six soldiers serving with the un peacekeeping force in lebanon unifil have died after their vehicle was hit by an explosive device .
in response to mass protests in and , beijing made some concessions , namely offering to enlarge the strong election committee charged with selecting a new leader .
the incident occurred one half mile from the imam hussein shrine of karbala .
the new bill gives the government the right to intercept , without warrants , communications between foreigners that are routed through equipment in the us , provided that foreign intelligence information is at stake .
if your plan is to stay downtown , try parking your bags at the super hip ace hotel sw stark street .
gates also sketched out the challenges ahead , from iran s nuclear ambitions and the situation in the middle east to china s recent anti satellite tests and russia s arms sales .
david beckham will join italy s ac milan for two months next year to get in shape for forthcoming matches with the english national team , the serie a club and beckham s agent said on wednesday .
uzak , distant , a slow moving turkish film about a jobless man from the countryside who irritates his sophisticated city cousin by moving into his apartment , won the grand prize , or second place .
pine branches sagged with piles of snow , and cameras flashed .
on monday , hard line president mahmoud ahmadinejad blasted critics of his nuclear policies as traitors
reuters reports that the win for obama , an illinois senator , gave him straight victories in his hard fought duel with clinton to be the democratic nominee in the november presidential election .
picked up a computer generated cube between them and moved it , each responding to the force the other exerted on it .
swindle says the dead are identified as year old ryan henderson and year old chavares block .
in his first comments on the latest hostage case , karzai condemned the kidnapping , but did not say whether any deal might be possible .
she says her win over barack obama in the pennsylvania primary showed she could gather a broad base of support .
we asked the ministry of foreign affairs and trade to preserve the body well and carry it home for donation .
dubanowsky said he saw fritzl s son , also named josef fritzl , enter the cellar . he also saw the elder fritzl enter the basement frequently at night .
proceeds from that section go to winfrey s angel network , which contributes to a number of projects .
president lee myung bak urged north korea to stop its verbal attacks thursday and told it to move toward serious dialogue .
justice ruth bader ginsberg has undergone surgery for pancreatic cancer .
full compliments to burghausen . they grew in stature as the game went on and performed well against my side .
after all , we don t know for sure that intelligent extra terrestrial life has not already been discovered , but is being hushed up .
rebelo will this week move to southern portugal , where madeleine vanished on may , a portuguese police spokeswoman said .
in shanksville , pennsylvania , a memorial honoring flight s passengers and crew began at a . m . , shortly before the time the airliner nosedived into the empty field .
a court spokesman also read a statement from spears parents , jamie and lynne , which said they are pleased with their daughter s progress and with the outcome of the hearing .
the african union summit , on its second day , got down to heavyweight discussions on its only agenda item the creation of a united states of africa .
for years and more , elizabeth windsor has maintained her dignity , her sense of duty and her hairstyle , mirren said .
athletes who refuse to sign the agreement will not be allowed to travel to compete in the games from august , according to a sunday newspaper report .
ryanair spokeswoman pauline mcalester said the birds were sucked into the engine as the aircraft was coming in to land .
nearly billion times fainter than can be seen by the human eye
when i knocked on the door , the guard looked at me like i was nuts .
elections in pakistan have always taken place amid allegations of fraud , but analysts say this time the fears of slanted elections carry more weight because the upcoming vote follows a particularly tumultuous year .
youzhny was then overwhelmed as the fired up spaniard took the match with identical scores and times in the last two sets .
we started at about p . m . and it is a . m . now .
she said the site has had more than , members since its start in june .
the church runs schools in korea , including primary , middle , and high schools and colleges .
luckily i never really struggled with any kind of , i don t know , image problems or addictions .
but we got pain , too .
preliminary results from a biopsy of the brain identified the cause of the seizure as a malignant glioma in the left parietal lobe , said the statement , from kennedy s doctors .
ronaldo also paid tribute to club manager alex ferguson who fought a very public battle with real madrid last summer when the primera liga giants attempted to lure the player to spain .
another way of looking at it , you could be hit by a lightning twice .
president roh moo hyun on tour in the americas has called again for a softer stance toward north korea , saying the ideological competition between the koreas is over and that pyeongyang itself knows well that imposing communism on the entire korean peninsula is impossible .
i fear a collapse of general motors , and possibly chrysler .
about humvees , trucks , and other vehicles bound for u . s . and nato troops in afghanistan have been destroyed in daring attacks on transport terminals in northwestern pakistan .
the more people get a chance to vote , the better it is for our democracy , the new york senator and former first lady told supporters at a rally in indiana , which holds a may primary .
nicolas sarkozy has vowed to get tough on crime and immigration , cut unemployment and liberalize the french economy .
public pressure is mounting for the resignation of huh joon young , the national police commissioner general , and the blue house and uri party appear to be feeling the heat .
people shouldn t criticize women , or talk badly about them , says year old suha as she adjusts the light colored scarf she wears these days to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves . they all say we have lost our way , but they never ask why we had to take this path .
thirty kenyans including many children have been burned to death in a church , after seeking refuge from the mounting violence over last week s elections .
i would beg the americans to understand that we are their closest allies , and our men are bleeding and dying in large numbers , mercer , a former british infantry officer , told the associated press .
this is no longer an accident , ifugao provincial police chief senior superintendent pedro ganir told the associated press by telephone .
the unit contains two person cells reserved for police officers , public officials , celebrities and other high profile inmates .
these open ended questions are harder to answer than they sound , so think about your responses before the interview .
in countries like the central african republic , democratic republic of the congo and iraq where armed conflicts , food shortages and poverty devastate peace , children have become the primary targets for armed groups who see them as commodities , the agency said .
ba refused to comment on the report and said it would not speculate on the cause of the crash .
hana bank denied it yesterday had violated any contractual agreements or broken the law and said it will fight the allegations lodged by the microsoft subsidiary .
clooney s latest film , michael clayton , will be released next month .
the court , newly filled with musharraf allies , sided with him on the final legal challenge to his candidacy .
in january , people died when a train hurtling through the night at more than kilometers per hour mph slammed into a group of about workers carrying out track maintenance near the city of anqiu in shandong province .
ma ying jeou said he would like to work towards a peace treaty with beijing , but would only do so if china removed missiles pointed at taiwan .
the former prime minister reiterated his demand for musharraf to step down and for a government of national unity to take power and oversee the february parliamentary elections .
her rule of about years was the longest among ancient egyptian queens , ending in b . c .
baghdad , iraq cnn shiite militants and u . s . backed iraqi forces two sides that agreed to a cease fire last week fought overnight in sadr city , killing four people and wounding , interior ministry and hospital officials said sunday .
new york yankees outfielder hideki matsui remained out of the lineup and the batting cage with a sore left knee thursday and will be re examined friday by team doctors .
the request comes two days after the supreme prosecutors office asked for arrest warrants for four current and former top lone star executives .
shin studied in the tokyo fine arts school , the predecessor to tokyo national university of fine arts and music in japan before returning to korea three years later . the director is not only known for filming the first kiss scene in south korean cinema , but also for his years of stay in north korea .
police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse the demonstrators .
i m again very much surprised by this terrorist attack , ban said .
supporters of the measure couldn t get the votes they needed to put the amendment up for a vote .
johnston was expected to appear within hours at the office of former palestinian prime minister and hamas member ismail haniya , officials said .
acknowledging the unpopularity of the decision , roh announced yesterday that his administration will submit a bill to extend the deadline for the pullout of the troops , who are scheduled to return in december .
a new study shows it was the first time african americans had the highest turnout of any racial or ethnic group
the taliban claim that they killed afghan soldiers traveling through the country s south .
a state controlled burmese newspaper criticized the un security council for its statement last week deploring the treatment of protesters .
even japanese media usually sympathetic to korea joined an avalanche of criticism of president roh moo hyun yesterday after his televised tirade against japan s claims to the dokdo islets , known as takeshima in japan .
the pair spent wednesday exploring the muddy waters of the sacramento river basin as hundreds of people flocked to the banks to see them .
the decision was backed by a committee of eu veterinarians , officials said .
simpson and two co defendants could face life in prison over the incident , in which two sports memorabilia dealers were allegedly robbed .
john ryding of rdq economics on energy prices , taking the biggest dive in years
there are no visual clues for whether a man is fertile , but if a woman really studies a man and remembers things about his behavior , she can try to determine whether he d make a reliable mate and father .
the top five schools are the same as last year , although not all in the same order , with the university of pennsylvania s wharton school leading the rankings again .
so far , though , she hasn t succeeded in bringing such a cat to term .
the officials claimed that seoul did not add anything new to the list because the country has already been fully cooperating with international society in preventing the stalinist state from trading in weapons related items .
we will continue to work with our close allies japan , and south korea , and partners china and russia , as we urge north korea to deliver a complete and correct declaration of all its nuclear weapons programs and nuclear weapons and proliferation activities and complete the agreed disablement , casey said .
it would be extremely difficult to replicate this approach in many other countries .
the shooting came on the heels of a series of recent bomb threats directed at several canadian schools .
malik told cnn that border guards escaped and seven were killed , leaving missing .
brazil president luiz inacio lula da silva declared three days of national morning for the victims , according to reports from the associated press . witnesses said the plane skidded across a major road at rush hour .
police have arrested a wife and her husband , who was born a woman and underwent sex reassignment surgery years ago , and accused them of lying about the husband s gender to a court in eastern pakistan .
major general aye mint told an international security conference in singapore that military rulers broadcast warnings more than a week before cyclone nargis made landfall on may .
discovered in ethiopia s fossil rich afar region , the skulls have clearly modern features a prominent forehead , flattened face and reduced brow that contrast with older humans projecting , heavy browed skulls .
in a radio interview , park said he was upset that the party members spoke so harshly against the plan .
children dancing and jumping in a musical at a school in haiti s capital caused the building to partially collapse on its foundation wednesday , a top red cross official said .
now comes the hard part .
there was no immediate word on survivors .
the bank of korea and korea development institute both said yesterday that without eliminating nonviable smes the chances of faltering corporate investment picking up are slim .
north korea became subject to a raft of un sanctions , including an embargo on the sale of nuclear technology and large scale weapons .
if you don t go on to italy , you can return from helbronner point back to chamonix . the resort town , a convenient train ride from paris or nice , is packed in august but surprisingly easy and affordable the rest of the year .
it s time to reduce pumping of delta waters before we destroy the fish and wildlife species we appreciate so much in california , said mike sherwood , an attorney for earthjustice .
when should the plug be pulled on a critically ill astronaut who is using up precious oxygen and endangering the rest of the crew ?
china s mao tse tung had his little red book .
north korean patrol boats crossed the northern limit line in the yellow sea .
the white house said friday it was nominating hill as head of the state department s east asia and pacific bureau .
it is a further tragedy that the laws of the united states , in this instance , provide no remedy for the psychological and emotional losses suffered by the survivors .
the iraq war began in march of and in that year there were u . s . military deaths .
it was during this firefight that a member of the patrol received serious gunshot wounds and a chinook helicopter from the incident response team rushed to the scene , supported by an apache attack helicopter , it said . the chinook landed at the scene under constant fire , while the apache engaged the taliban forces with its mm cannon .
for example , trainee surgeons could use it to practice operations via the internet .
however , while many in the scientific community are excited about its promise , they have yet to agree on how much you need and where to obtain it .
following the weakening of the u . s . dollar and speculation that asian central banks may diversify their holdings out of the currency , park seung , the governor of the bank of korea , said the country will not shift its foreign currency reserves out of the dollar for now , yonhap news agency reported yesterday .
a high ranking delegation headed by foreign minister manouchehr mottaki will attend the egyptian conference on iraq , foreign ministy spokesman mohammad ali hosseini said in an interview with state television .
police were called in some cities on saturday to steer panicked crowds away as northern rock bank branches closed for the day .
hybrids made up just . percent of the u . s . market share for the year , but they were growing steadily even as overall sales declined percent .
the cia and the u . s . army trained terrorists and supported terrorism , and they themselves are terrorists , the parliament said , according to irna .
the doctors anguish is apparently based on the fear that more professional training for pharmacists would allow them , legally or not , to get back into the business of prescribing medicine for their customers without a doctor s intervention .
vice presidential debate moderator gwen ifill is talking about thursday night s event between joe biden and sarah palin .
the fit between the human brain protein and the bovine prion is not very good .
the u . s . troops in korea will cut the number by one third .
citing higher fuel prices , united airlines said thursday it will begin charging domestic passengers each way for one checked bag .
earlier this week , both sides in the disputed december presidential election in kenya agreed not to pursue a recount or audit of the votes .
her win gives her the larger share of puerto rico s delegates .
britain s prince william turned thursday , giving him access to a reported pound , , a year of his late mother princess diana s multimillion pound fortune .
when contacted by cnn about his possible departure , snow said , i m not making any announcement .
airbus has been hit by delays to its a superjumbo and faltering attempts to counter the success of boeing s mid sized dreamliner with its own a .
iran maintains that it was a routine communication and accuses the united states of exaggerating the incident for political purposes .
the security council is the forum to discuss issues that threaten the peace and security of the international community . what makes wars start ? fights over water . changing patterns of rainfall . fights over food production , land use , beckett said .
the following year , kamal yanni came to england to do a clinical attachment .
to his co pilot in april after claiming to see a beige missile shaped object shoot past the cockpit .
israel is expected to raise objections to the arms package , and has expressed concerns about previous saudi arms deals .
smith considered factors including the likelihood simpson would flee and his lack of known ties to the las vegas community , according to someone who spoke with smith , oesterle said .
ignore the gaudy s style neon sign out front and try not to be put off by the gaggles of tourists milling around the lobby .
use back blows . put your baby face down on your forearm and give him four swift blows between his shoulder blades with the palm of your hand .
police officials said the perpetrators appeared to be anarchists and far leftists .
reagan is the widow of former president ronald reagan , whose administration is revered by the current republican party .
he was identified as abu laith al libi , , who was on the military s most wanted list .
responding to the criticism , hill pointed out that bolton is a private citizen and has the right to speak his mind .
the dow is now up points .
perhaps you could store that information on a card and that could be used to customize clothing .
it has been an honor to contest these primaries with him .
hyundai the country s largest car firm , and its affiliate kia motors , which is headed by chung s son represent some of south korea s vehicle exports , making it a vital part of the economy .
after surviving a first half of almost total french domination , lone striker james mcfadden fired home a glorious yard drive in the rd minute to give scotland a notable double over the french .
the remark triggered outrage throughout asia .
huntsman , mentioned by some as a possible republican presidential candidate in , served as ambassador to singapore under the first president bush , and in trade posts in the george w . bush administrations .
the government that is coming is going to be much better than the one that s now leaving , kirchner said .
leading sports daily marca said x rays had shown that the year old mali international had aggravated an injury he picked up while playing for his national team in october .
a computer program synchronizes the seat gyrations .
several airports across europe were posting delays as of saturday night berlin , frankfurt , munich and amsterdam , among others , said cnn forecaster kevin corriveau .
as an american , i cannot stand it .
the meeting was due to end on tuesday after two days of talks but went on until early yesterday morning when the two delegations , who made headway in some areas but remained apart on the nuclear problem and other issues , decided to recess and return today for an additional round .
lima , peru cnn relief officials urgently appealed for more aid thursday for earthquake survivors along peru s shattered southern coast .
more than , people are confirmed dead in the earthquake .
a year old american resident earned hundreds of millions of won by selling luxury swiss watches to celebrities and the wealthy at lavish parties , although the timepieces were made in korea with some parts from china , the seoul metropolitan police agency said yesterday .
human rights activists are urging the military authorities to take a harder look at the harsh treatment of homosexuals in uniform .
al sadr s mehdi army , a shiite militia , is suspected of being involved in iraq s sectarian violence .
us president george w bush has chosen robert zoellick , former deputy secretary of state , to be president of the world bank , us officials say .
woodward says president richard nixon suspected felt was deep throat tried to get him fired five different times .
paris , france cnn first interpol unmasked his face . now it knows his name .
dallaglio , , was a world cup winner with england in and played his final game for his country as they were beaten by south africa in the final in paris .
gunmen seized margaret while the car taking her to school idled in traffic thursday in port harcourt , an oil industry center .
that attack sparked iraq s current wave of deadly shiite sunni violence .
a pair of passenger trains has crossed the heavily fortified border between north and south korea for the first time in more than years .
the comet lacks the tail usually associated with such celestial bodies but can be seen in the northern sky , in the constellation perseus , as a fuzzy spot of light about as bright as the stars in the big dipper .
they may be buying expensive solar panels and hybrid cars , but i don t see them giving up their laptops and imacs any time soon , says michael ann strahilevitz , a marketing professor at golden gate university in san francisco who studies consumer interest in green issues .
abe s resignation would mean that policy decisions regarding such matters as the budget deficit and the possibility of a consumption tax hike will be up in the air for a while , said norihiro fujito , senior investment strategist at mitsubishi ufj securities . this is absolutely negative to the stock market , he said .
the waiting list to eat at the restaurant is in excess of a year .
recovery will depend in part on what kind of plea deal is struck .
a spokesman for the president said lee felt sorry for the trouble he had caused by acting indiscreetly .
bmw ag , the industry s top luxury car company , said its global sales rose percent last month from a year ago , with , bmw , mini and rolls royce automobiles sold .
temptation is always there but now i ll avoid it the right way .
thousands of tourists have been left stranded after two blasts at bangkok s giant suvarnabhumi airport wounded four people and triggered its closure , dealing another blow to the country s travel industry .
pakistanis head to the polls on february to choose a new parliament in a vote that is widely expected to deliver a blow to musharraf s ruling pakistan muslim league party .
spain wants the entire treasure returned , but odyssey insists spain may have no right to it .
it s true to mulder and scully , who they are and where they would be this point in their lives and all of the experiences that they ve had .
still , when washington imposed an arms embargo against turkey in due to a dispute over cyprus , turkey ended all its logistical support to u . s . troops and sharing of intelligence until the embargo was lifted , said onur oymen , the country s former permanent representative to nato .
amirkhanov and lev s article , new finds of art objects from the upper palaeolithic site of zaraysk , russia , is to be published in the december issue of the magazine antiquities , a york , england based journal that describes itself as a quarterly review of world archaeology .
instead , i got my kids christmas gifts , she said .
george w . bush , struggling to control a growing crisis , apologized thursday for the abuse of iraqi prisoners by american soldiers and called it a stain on our country s honor .
the asian country has invested heavily in education as a central part of its economic future .
the board has the power to dismiss him or could choose to report a lack of confidence in his leadership .
then , some of the water is cleansed again at drinking water treatment plants and piped to consumers .
if we lost the industry , . million jobs would be infected , it could be a depression .
we hope to encourage others to give to these great organizations , pitt added in the statement .
rove intends to return to washington over the weekend , according to a white house official .
obama s giant face would be environmentally friendly , with all natural colors , so the materials could be recycled , the artist said .
the architects were not required to provide cost estimates with their presentations , but several of them said thursday that their plans were flexible enough to be feasible whether there is a demand for million square feet of office space or not .
lou pearlman will appear in court thursday , according to a page plea agreement released tuesday .
his backers say diverting money from municipal funds is an accepted practice throughout taiwan .
rescuers found the bodies sunday of three people who were swept out to sea by huge waves triggered by a powerful earthquake that sent avalanches crashing into a fjord in southern chile . seven others were missing .
clashes broke out after more than , protesters headed toward the presidential office , news agency yonhap said .
the seven year old male peacock wandered into the restaurant parking lot and perched on a car hood last week .
the ap s warren levinson is at the new york stock exchange .
all those involved in the case are from the western mexican state of oaxaca , the police chief said .
they fear the cost for building the new capital will be double or even triple the government estimate of trillion won and pose a serious burden on the country s economy .
talk of monetary union and wine quotas has given way to controversy over orgasms and innuendo at the european commission as it defends a risque internet video clip highlighting its backing for european cinema .
venezuelan officials say the bank s loans will be issued at interest rates similar to those of other international lenders .
despite being technically a state of war for decades against north korea , south korea is a country where citizens are banned from privately owning guns and where no school shootings are known to have occurred .
. not asking questions
banks and other entities owned or controlled by bank melli pose a serious threat to the integrity of the international financial system , levey said .
as word of al yawer s appointment was announced , a car bomb blew up outside the offices of the patriotic union of kurdistan , which is located just outside the green zone u . s . coalition headquarters in central baghdad .
president bush , on his ranch in crawford , texas , said bhutto refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country .
it makes them cynical , obama said .
the move raised suspicions that the communist north intended to further raise tension on the korean peninsula after its announcement tuesday of an upcoming nuclear test .
creamer needed to win sunday to finish atop the yearlong money list , something no american player has done since betsy king in .
a year old woman who sat on her boyfriend s toilet for so long that her body was stuck to the seat had a phobia about leaving the bathroom , the boyfriend said .
the hands of the doomsday clock , a symbolic gauge of the threat of nuclear annihilation , were moved for the first time in nearly four years because of the sept .
the dolphins will now be classified as critically endangered and possibly extinct but turvey said there is little chance any remaining baiji are alive .
bhutto was rushed to rawalpindi general hospital less than two miles from the bombing scene where doctors pronounced her dead .
the arabic language broadcaster said the tape was titled letter to the people of iraq .
the ruling says china must end this policy to meet its wto obligations .
ministry of maritime affairs and fisheries
he was deployed weeks ago and his fellow soldiers were sworn to secrecy .
osman was being held at the headquarters of somalia s national security service in mogadishu , and wfp officials were working to gain his release , the agency said .
iran s confirmation sunday that it has detained a fourth iranian american this one a peace activist from california seems certain to further rile relations between the two countries , already tense over iran s nuclear program .
he did not deny the allegations , which were first revealed monday in the new york times , nor did he take questions .
high ranking and right wing officials in japan , including foreign minister taro aso and ruling party policy chief shoichi nakagawa , have called for the government to start reviewing the possibility of developing nuclear weapons against the threat of north korea .
it also reported lower fourth quarter earnings though still ahead of wall street s modest expectations for the firm .
potbellied men wore shorts or underwear to show off their elaborately inked arms , legs and backs .
the statement came after japan s new prime minister shinzo abe met chinese leaders in their capital beijing the first such contact in five years .
phillies shortstop jimmy rollins .
hospital officials say the prime minister is conscious and that his condition is not life threatening .
i mean , it s the financial center and it s not the capital , but it is a symbol of the growing prosperity that we have seen in india , and the people who were the targets of this attack and this makes it unusual were mainly western targets .
on the campaign trail , the central theme was getting all combat forces out within months of taking office .
it s an age old process that scientists say has speeded up in recent decades because of global warming .
brancato told the jury that the owner , a vietnam veteran , gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted .
hammond said alligators are normally shy and will stay away from humans , but people should not walk up to the reptile if they see it , and definitely not try to feed it .
responding to questions over how seoul expects to cover the cost of doubling north korea s electricity supply , south korea s top energy official said that the government would undertake to pay whatever was needed to maintain peace on the korean peninsula and reach a successful conclusion to the six party nuclear negotiations .
one of the wives was sentenced to nine years in jail after she coaxed her own daughter and two other under age girls in the family to have sex with the man , court documents showed .
hillary clinton is scrambling to revive her bid for the democratic presidential nomination , staking everything on contests in ohio and texas next month .
it was unclear when those in the morgue died , but odinga supporters said some died on thursday .
i ve been addicted to it and keep waiting to see what s next , meilinger said .
south korea wednesday proposed that north korea start partial operation of cross border railways on a regular basis and resume defense ministers talks as soon as possible to help ease tension on the korean peninsula .
given the current credit crunch , many experts question whether automakers would be able to get necessary financing from lenders to help them during the reorganization process .
white house hopefuls are jetting across the us in last minute campaigning ahead of the biggest single day of voting ever in a presidential nominating race .
if i were running al qaeda in iraq , i would put a circle around march , and pray , as many times as possible , for a victory not only for obama , but also for the democrats , howard said , speaking on sunday , a tv show on australia s nine network .
and he ll wish barack obama success in his new home town
rajasthan police chief kanhiya lal said markets surrounding the area had been closed and law and order has been restored .
congressman henry waxman says the aig story is a lot like the one heard yesterday about lehman brothers .
the same r d center has in the past unveiled a cell phone design that used vibrations traveling around the body to deliver an audio signal from a transducer on the wrist to the ear .
while visitors will be able to see king tut s royal diadem the gold crown which was discovered on the head of tut s mummified body , they will not be able to see his gleaming golden death mask , which remains at the egyptian museum in cairo .
a police official said the killing is under investigation . but according to local reports , janatantrik terai mukti morcha claimed responsibility for the attack .
similarly , he told couples to seek marital counseling ahead of time if they re having trouble communicating .
in september , it was announced william is to train to become a full time search and rescue pilot with the raf .
koizumi saw his popularity soar thanks mainly to a push to trim public works spending and privatize the postal service .
it promises to minutes of breathing time with no clunky oxygen tank , and it sells for about .
liverpool have hit out after atletico madrid were ordered by uefa to switch next wednesday s champions league tie to a venue at least miles kilometers from the spanish capital .
segar meghani with the president elect , chicago .
the detection came amid a police crackdown on school gangs since last month .
in nearby cuzco , elevation , feet , you can have extra oxygen pumped into your room for a night .
first of all , to be manipulating human life in this way is intolerable and all civilized countries have banned it or are banning it .
south korea is proud of its heritage , which includes the invention of the korean alphabet during the yi dynasty .
tropical storm kyle just about hurricane strength , national hurricane center s stacy stewart says the storm is a threat to the far north .
all three were in the hospital with injuries from the fire .
the strike the city s first in years is thought to have cost new york up to a billion dollars .
it was unique in that it hasn t been found on the tops of sea mounts before . . . and it was over a relatively large area of about square miles , he said .
gm has about , u . s . employees . ford has about , and chrysler llc has about , .
the holocaust museum also has compiled a collection of photos , data and eyewitness testimony from its archives and number of sources , including the u . s . state department , nongovernmental organizations , the united nations and individual photographers .
such powers had existed before in other parts of britain only in wartime , it said .
hong kong s blue chip hang seng index lost almost percent in early trading before rising off the low .
a statement released after a meeting of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan and security officials did not say that such an operation would definitely occur .
the respondents chose scorsese s raging bull as the second best movie of the past quarter century , followed by ingmar bergman s fanny and alexander in third place .
although federline thought the ruling was correct , kaplan said , his goal , his hope for the future is at some point he will be able to parent the children with the participation of their mother .
sitting on a rock at the entrance of the copenhagen harbor since , she draws an estimated million visitors a year .
it s been a long time since i ve been able to shoot at home and it s just so much fun .
baghdad , iraq cnn american warplanes thursday pounded a region of iraq considered a safe haven for al qaeda in iraq , dropping bombs in the first minutes of the attack , the u . s . military said .
political leaders confrontations , da silva said . there is no progress . there are no job opportunities for the young people , and that was the cause of the crisis last year .
it s always sad when a program may have to be canceled , john travolta , who was honored with an ensemble performance award , told ap television .
the information developed over the last hours leads us to believe that she still had some kind of contact with him , said paul ciccarelli , agent in charge of the naval criminal investigative service at camp lejeune .
arsenal kept attacking despite senderos dismissal and were rewarded for their enterprise with a third goal after minutes .
saakashvili introduced the day nationwide state of emergency on nov . after police violently dispersed opposition protests in the capital .
under the contract , aey said it would supply ammunition manufactured in hungary .
bush said iran must see that there is a price to be paid for this kind of intransigence .
south korean officials express disappointment with the ambassador s comments .
one set , some candid snapshots with miley cuddling up to her boyfriend and flashing a green bra , were leaked onto the internet .
bush also said he looked forward to snow returning as white house press secretary .
animal welfare activists loaded the birds onto a brazilian air force cargo plane and flew them , miles to the country s southern coast , where a crowd of onlookers celebrated as the penguins marched back into the sea .
how possible is it ?
ap national security correspondent sagar meghani reports the military is getting into social networking , and not to share posts about how awesome or terrible wolverine is
under british law the parents of a donor conceived child do not have to declare that fact on the child s birth certificate , o clee told cnn .
the british tabloid newspaper the daily mirror reported that the wife broke down crying when she was shown a photograph , which appeared to show her posing with her husband in the panamanian capital last year .
police , in their statement , said the alleged assault took place at a business in central london , and the allegation , which remains under investigation , was received in may .
japan s troubled space program is celebrating the successful launch of the country s biggest rocket to date , the h a
that s because they re already racked by growing food and fuel costs , and bigger countries may not be able to help them survive .
but getting lost is part of the fun .
the number of refugees counted by the u . n . high commissioner for refugees grew by percent in to about . million , the geneva based agency reported .
henderson said the police had received many calls , both from the uk and overseas , in response to their appeals for information about john darwin s whereabouts since he was last seen .
kim , who is also vice foreign minister , met with new mexico gov . bill richardson , a democratic presidential candidate , and anthony principi , president bush s former veteran affairs secretary , who were visiting the north korean capital .
but the two women , said to be ill , were released in a gesture of goodwill .
in the southern city of shenzhen , more than , protestors took to the streets on sunday .
deborah kerr , who shared one of hollywood s most famous kisses and made her mark with such roles as the correct widow in the king and i and the unhappy officer s wife in from here to eternity , has died .
the chinese situation is going to be talked about all day , said scott wren , senior equity strategist at a . g . edwards sons inc . but in my mind , any pullback is a total opportunity to buy stocks . it wouldn t surprise me if we finished positive today .
the fires have killed three people , injured and burned , homes , causing an estimated billion dollars in damage .
pakistan s president musharraf a vital ally in the so called us led war on terror is under pressure to do more to stop militants crossing into afghanistan , where violence this year has soared .
australia , new zealand , the united arab emirates and saudi arabia have all reportedly moved to guarantee bank deposits .
the kospi index was up . percent to close at , . .
cctv showed bulldozers plowing through the rubble , overturning chunks of stone and concrete mixed in a tangle of steel reinforcement bars .
bus ride
the rating agency said that near term benefits for korea would be a faster growth of exports to the u . s . , and that protected domestic markets and industries would face the invigorating effect of greater competition from rising imports .
in downtown chicago and new york the top rent for office buildings in will remain at or below per square foot a year excluding service charges , with or more of office space standing empty , despite several years of economic growth .
according to the ybm language institute www . ybmedu . com , , high school students , who took the test last year , scored an average of .
a car bomb detonated monday afternoon in a busy commercial district in central baghdad , killing civilians and wounding , an interior ministry official said .
both tadic and nikolic opposed independence for the majority albanian province , which nationalists consider the cradle of serb civilization .
the party , which supports ousted former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , announced on monday that three smaller parties would join its administration .
the andromeda strain , his first major fiction success , involves an alien microorganism that s studied in a special military compound after causing death in a nearby community .
singapore plans to police only public areas .
zabell said the panel has until dec . to choose a winner , at which point it will hand the winning lyrics to the spanish parliament for a final vote .
recently , the wall street journal published an article titled , even leftists have servants now .
lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments monday morning in a u . s . federal court in tampa , florida , in another round of the case that started last year , odyssey spokeswoman natja igney told cnn .
on monday , the industry welcomed his bail .
roddick had several love games in the match , using his powerful forehand to keep nadal at bay .
but will these funds eventually exact a pound of flesh for their investment ?
the bidders , a private equity backed group named airline partners australia , refused to accept defeat , saying it would seek to appeal the regulators decision .
small countries are always badly treated .
the party views china s enduring poverty as both a social crisis and a possible threat to its power .
he said the search could go on for five days or longer .
a spacewalking astronaut did some massive housecleaning at the international space station monday , tossing out a camera mounting and an ammonia tank weighing more than half a ton .
he was speaking as the un debated a statement strongly deploring the recent crackdown on peaceful protests .
parole officers can also order polygraph tests for convicts suspected of violating the internet ban , said parole board chairman peter barnes .
they believe the rocks represent the ancient surface of mars and that studying them could shed clues on the planet s early climate .
now we re just waiting for the date and venue to be made official .
south korea s school system is long credited with mass producing dedicated workers , a key to the country s high tempo economic success .
tokyo , japan cnn with steely arms sprouting cables and wires , the wao robot looks nothing like a relaxation device .
as a result , the korea times reports , president roh moo hyun is expected to delay the cabinet reshuffle to late next month , according to chong wa dae officials . it was originally scheduled for this week .
among the non american actors nominated for awards were adriana barraza from mexico and rinko kikuchi from japan in babel .
another body , believed to be that of an eastern european soldier , was flown to australia while pvt kovco s corpse remained in a mortuary in kuwait .
were the work of a small group of renegade scientists without government authorization .
but the commonwealth ministerial action group cmag , the group reviewing the status of pakistan s membership , decided that despite these changes , not enough had been done .
the community is battling a declining birth rate , like the rest of the netherlands
he has taught in thailand , south korea and vietnam , the associated press reported .
amy winehouse has been arrested on suspicion of drugs possession , police and her spokesman said wednesday .
after crawling out , they collapsed and were rushed to hospital by miners nearby , the report said .
and as for how he feels about being so tall ?
south korea ranked fourth in the number of deaths per , persons among the countries of the organization of economic cooperation and development trailing hungary , japan and finland .
rowan williams , the archbishop of canterbury , has faced calls to resign from senior members of his church following a bbc interview in which he suggested the introduction of some parts of sharia was unavoidable .
ambassador alexander vershbow called rumors that washington is considering a phased removal of pyongyang from the list idle speculation .
ap white house correspondent mark smith will be covering barack obama s speech next hour right outside washington
grand hyatt spokeswoman karen cheung said it was business as usual at the hotel .
the blasts occurred at about a . m . in baiyaa , a mixed sunni shiite area of western baghdad , a policeman said
negotiators at the six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff struggled yesterday to keep their discussions afloat and substantive as they moved through an eighth day without a major breakthrough .
two former prime ministers , margaret thatcher and john major , are members of the order .
the final show airs at midnight sunday .
indonesia is the world s largest archipelago and is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin .
massachusetts lawmakers are considering a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage , but establish civil unions .
some truly mind blowing structures are being planned for the middle east .
women place more importance on kissing throughout a relationship , whereas men place less importance on it as the relationship progresses . .
your mother expects you home for thanksgiving and your in laws are demanding an audience with their grandchildren .
feeling betrayed yet again by christopher who had routinely vowed that he was drug free , tony made a fateful decision
chosun ilbo reports shin , who had been under strong pressure both within and outside his party due to controversy arising from his belated admission that his father had served with the japanese military police during the colonial period , expressed his intention to resign his party chairmanship during a snap extended party executive meeting held at uri party headquarters in yeongdeung po on thursday morning .
people were being stung left and right , merchant said . it was an ugly , ugly scene .
if all the missing are dead , then the death toll would top , .
hwang and roh were among the co authors of the paper on extracting patient specific stem cells featured in the u . s . journal science this may .
there have been no reports of homes collapsing , as most homes in iceland are built to withstand earthquakes , he said .
lee is to take office in february .
oil markets welcomed the news , with u . s . crude futures falling by cents a barrel in late new york trading .
a recycling firm offers the closest thing to steady employment for lin and his family . it buys what bottles and plastics lin and others salvage .
thousands of people , most of them from area universities , took to the streets of caracas in protest this week after chavez refused to renew rctv s broadcasting license , which expired last sunday .
moscow , russia cnn members of a russian doomsday cult barricaded themselves in a cave to wait out the end of the world as the cult s leader underwent psychiatric exams thursday , russian media reported .
pricing and commercial product plans are still undecided .
cnn at least four people have been killed and injured six critically after a car bomb exploded in the turkish city of diyarbakir thursday , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has said .
the number of movie goers for the warner bros . epic outnumbered crowds for the rest of the top movies combined .
meanwhile , a thick cloud of smoke rises from the iraqi desert as reports indicate saboteurs have hit iraq s strategic oil pipeline .
feeding cattle the rendered parts of cows and sheep .
a high court yesterday reversed an earlier ruling that south korean german dissident scholar song du yul had been a politburo member of the ruling north korean workers party .
it was mainly an exterior fire , although there might have been slight damage to some rooms , he told cnn after a news conference .
he is now waiting for cas to hear an appeal to downgrade his ioc expulsion to a warning .
so i shot again , she said .
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois for the democratic nomination ends this week or continues into the spring .
at world s end .
in all , , federal and provincial lawmakers were eligible to vote .
losses for the two majority owners would be about , barrels a day each .
people are often wary of dark dogs because it s difficult to read their expressions , said paul nicosi , the dog behavior specialist at bide a wee animal shelter in new york city .
the other three charges say leung kept those documents without authorization , as well as another document detailing fbi intercepts of leung s conversations with her chinese intelligence contact , known only as mao .
nbc s chuck , in which a computer geek s brain mysteriously downloads government secrets , also goes for laughs .
nearly million paraguayans turned out at the polls sunday , with two thirds of the nations . million registered voters participating .
probably more than percent of them are due to stress on the system due to the heat , she said . different pieces of equipment get fatigued and blow out , so they have to be replaced .
republican richard shelby says that would just be throwing good money after bad in an industry resistant to change .
earlier this week , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke indicated he didn t think the unemployment rate would hit .
a u . n . official confirmed the exchange thursday .
the humpback mother and her calf started moving southwest on the sacramento river at around p . m . and were about five miles kilometers outside the port of sacramento late sunday afternoon , coast guard petty officer brian leshak said .
a classified report containing the accidental killing of the italian agent will be published .
supporters point to the environmental cost of trucking produce from farms to cities , the loss of wilderness for farmland to feed a growing world population , and the risk of bacteria along extensive , insecure food chains as reasons for establishing urban hydroponic farms .
as i raised my hands toward the ceiling and then pointed them toward my head , i had to wonder
the scene sums up what s so nice about visiting northern california s lake county .
yongi kongju scores highest mark in the evaluation chart for new administrative capital .
according to cnn calculations , obama has , delegates to clinton s , .
about , homes and businesses are without power in michigan , high winds knocking down tree limbs and power lines .
on loan liverpool winger danny guthrie chipped the ball forward for ricardo gardner to fire home a deflected shot the jamaican international s first goal in nearly five years .
he added that most of the people on the bridge were women and children , and that women in nepal are not encouraged to learn how to swim .
lawmakers have overwhelmingly elected brian cowen to be ireland s new prime minister .
on tuesday , the u . s . labor department reported that wholesale prices rose by . percent last month , while analysts had been expecting . percent .
heroes is a key word here
authorities vowed to enforce penalties for the sex trade and trafficking .
and there are some radical new ideas being developed for future air and spaceports .
bush claimed the cia s interrogation program had been vital in saving lives , but denied the use of torture .
agbonlahor made it five minutes from half time when he won the ball off michael dawson after a luke moore flick on , twisted into the penalty area and finished neatly , low into the far corner of robinson s net .
a pile of sandals remains in the street , evidence of the stampede that followed the military crackdown .
however , to annex the territory and its people would , israeli leaders say , undermine the jewish nature of israel , which has a population now of million .
ban said at a press conference .
the father of all fast food chains buys . million pounds of meat a year globally and with that type of purchasing power , mcdonald s can help to reverse the trend of antibiotics overuse in animal agriculture , said gwen ruta , program director for environmental defense .
if you think being a secret agent is all just one giant adrenaline rush , think again .
he said an afghan delegation was holding talks with the taliban and had appealed to the group to not issue further deadlines as the government was keen to resolve the crisis peacefully .
but when they count up what they see , the visible objects add up to only a th of the matter that is needed to account for galactic motions .
globally , sea levels are now expected to rise more than double the ipcc s most recent forecast of . meters before the end of the century .
americans cannot look to the plight of the religiously oppressed and close our eyes or turn away , bush said .
we only found the effect for attraction , so males don t rate females in red as more intelligent , more likable , or as having a better personality they only rate her as sexier and more attractive , he says .
gnp lawmakers also said they will submit a motion to oust the head of the government information agency , kim chang ho , who is spearheading the press modernization measures .
van der veer thanked putin for helping shell secure a good agreement over the billion sakhalin project and then asked what the rules of the game were in russia , participants and a shell spokesman said .
we are satisfied with the assurances they have provided that this will not recur .
the agriculture department estimated losses at . million , still a fraction of the million incurred during last year s typhoons .
it s obama administration officials signaling chrysler will file for chapter bankruptcy protection
the ultimate indie cinematographic happening , raindance film festival started in and just hosted its th edition this october .
it has been nearly years since the berlin wall fell , but the film was credited as being the first to offer both an honest and compelling depiction of stasi oppression .
it really is an incredibly dense , very carefully researched collection , thomas venning , director in christie s books department and a specialist in signed letters , told reuters .
he was hungry , and his mother had left to go to work .
the russian was so dominant she was able to vary her game , serving and volleying occasionally and going to the net at every opportunity .
engineers built the spillway to drain water from the lake in a controlled way once it tops the lowest levels of debris blocking the river .
a un resolution passed last month accused north korea of widespread and grave abuses of human rights .
for the industry to know what the requirements will be through is very helpful , as they develop their model lines .
angry at bush and sensing he s vulnerable , democrats have put aside their traditional quarrels to strike a united stand for the fall campaign .
this is a very big message from this show .
the incident is under investigation by afghan and coalition forces .
we won t be doing that experiment again for a long time .
the joong ang ilbo reports a rush by consumers this week to purchase cases of instant noodles is the latest sign that inflation driven by the cost of oil and food is becoming a major problem .
estranged couple s home cut in half
it s true , he told afp , i think he was everything we thought a decent new zealander ought to be .
the naked middle aged man jumped into the moat , then threw rocks and splashed water at two policemen who chased him in a rowing boat , a tokyo metropolitan police official said on condition of anonymity , citing protocol .
by bush s own doctrine of pre emption , the u . s . should strike against any state with weapons of mass destruction and an irresponsible dictator .
one man was missing and were injured , nhk television said .
maybe people should leave her alone .
in deep brain stimulation , electrodes are used to deliver electrical impulses to the substantia nigra , a crescent shaped region in the center of the brain that controls and coordinates movement .
in the analysis , rosenbaum compared young adults who took virginity pledges in their teens with young people who did not take such a pledge .
i was the producer , always the producer .
the government has systematically accepted donations and has distributed the relief goods immediately and directly to the victims , it said .
it shows tom cruise , with all the wide eyed fervor that he brings to the promotion of a movie , making the argument for scientology , which it calls the bizarre th century religion .
authorities say the suspect in the killing of intern chandra levy is expected to be brought back to washington some time within the next couple of months .
u . s . private equity fund lone star on wednesday denied what are thought by some to be politically inspired claims by south korean state auditors that the fund conspired to lower the capital adequacy ratio of korea exchange bank keb to purchase it at a bargain price in late .
he used to sing at night clubs for american gis and sleeps in flophouses .
to complicate matters , hong kong s dominant tongue is the chinese dialect of cantonese , which is vastly different from mandarin , the national language of mainland china .
state officials inspected the ride friday and found no mechanical problems , agency spokesman terence mcelroy said .
olsen , who rose to fame on tv s full house , was last seen on the big screen opposite her sister , ashley , in s new york minute .
it also says he lives on chicago s south side .
rowling s , , series about a boy wizard , order of the phoenix , have been guarded with great secrecy by publisher bloomsbury .
israel justified the cutoff because of continuous rocket attacks by gaza militants .
au commissioner for peace and security said djinnit said sunday that the attack occurred in the haskanita area of darfur .
in addition , according to a survey of a group of conscripted soldiers conducted by the ministry of defense , about percent of them said they have anti u . s . sentiment .
the new study was designed to repeat the earlier work , with more mice and stricter control over how they were exposed to the radiation .
while western analysts said the system has probably been under development for several years , putin has described the test as part of moscow s response to the u . s . anti missile plan .
the israeli air force bombed the homes thursday of two top hamas military figures , killing at least one of them .
if elected , royal will become france s first woman president .
the national weather service says at least inches of snow have fallen in parts of nebraska s panhandle .
the lord our righteousness church was founded in by former seventh day adventists , according to the group s web site . since that time , many have joined who do not have their roots in adventism .
the airline says that someone who is sheila s age , height and weight should weigh lbs kg .
eight years ago , musharraf ousted sharif from power in a bloodless coup .
as a nature guide , he said , he was familiar with animals and did his best to hold down the leopard without harming it . he said he took it all in stride , but the kids were excited .
georgia rule , also starring felicity huffman , was to open in theaters friday .
when someone of that stature , with that history of great songs behind him with such a huge catalog asks you to sing something he s written , there s nothing you can do but be completely honored to perform , dillon said in a statement .
he called for prosperity to be spread to rural china . jobs should be created and a social safety net for the poor , he said .
borg , who received medical treatment at a stockholm hospital , was told not to put any weight on the leg for at least six weeks .
the president ages twice as fast while in office , according to a theory advanced by dr . michael roizen , a chief wellness officer at the cleveland clinic .
the bush administration hailed north korea s declaration of its nuclear program as a success for the multilateral diplomacy it engaged in through the six party talks with south korea , china , japan and russia .
for one , the climate risk and climate change situation has increased , the climate vulnerability has increased , von braun told reporters in beijing .
ban s visit came as u . s . officials said they had detained two brothers , one with ties to radical shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , in connection with the killings of five american soldiers in karbala in january . full story
we are learning that dogs , horses , and perhaps many other species are far more emotionally complex than we ever realized , paul morris , a psychologist at the university of portsmouth who studies animal emotions , told the sunday times .
four years after he got mad at his girlfriend , kassouf weighs pounds , down from , mostly by focusing on a few parts of his diet without changing everything .
but the presence of so many prescription drugs and over the counter medicines like acetaminophen and ibuprofen in so much of our drinking water is heightening worries among scientists of long term consequences to human health .
seasonal downpours cause dozens of landslides and flash floods each year in indonesia , a sprawling archipelago of , islands , where millions of people live in mountainous areas or near fertile plains .
when about north korea born laborers held a protest demonstration following the incident , police dispersed them .
heightened tensions prompted israeli authorities to beef up security , prompting the closures of the palestinian territories and limiting access for many young men to the al aqsa mosque in old jerusalem .
instead , they re dressed to the nines the girls , anyway in full princess regalia before heading to a poolside pirate party , complete with fireworks , to get up close and personal with goofy and all of his pirate friends aboard the disney wonder .
but despite having difficulty standing and being ordered not to swim by his doctor , strel insisted on night swimming to finish the course .
the quake struck at p . m . p . m . et and was centered miles kilometers west northwest of chincha alta , peru , and miles kilometers south southeast of lima , according to the u . s . geological survey .
a cloning pioneer regarded as a hero in south korea has resigned and apologized for using human eggs from his own researchers .
royal biographer penny junor said she did not believe snobbery would have been a reason for william to give up kate .
the demonstrators , who marched some miles from the central city of gwalior , say they have not only been left behind in the wake of india s recent economic boom , but have suffered directly from the growth , with many forced from their land to make way for government backed economic projects .
monday that more yellow dust would come tuesday night , but said later it would be delayed to wednesday morning .
the commission had gone to the villages to encourage residents to share their past with the truth commission and were led to the graves , located in lofa county on liberia s border with guinea and sierra leone .
she s writing a book about black politics that includes material on barack obama but she says she hasn t even written that chapter yet .
by some counts , the days off total could soar as high as , compared with france s and the u . s .
his book zhuan fa lun turning the wheel of the law , for example , challenges the very etiology of all diseases and denies even the microbial role in causing infections .
the yard long bridge spanned the bheri river in the surkhet district , southwest of kathmandu .
research shows kids who have a little guilt are better citizens .
the illinois house impeachment committee gets back to work next hour , planning to hear from the first witnesses against the governor accused of corruption today .
the former manchester united striker had surgery on the same potentially career threatening injury in when he was still with psv eindhoven .
paektu is the highest peak in the north , while mt .
navigating the excellent public transit system is easy
search and rescue teams combed the jungles of southern cambodia on monday night , looking for a passenger plane with people on board that crashed earlier that day while flying between two popular tourist destinations , officials said .
after civilians wounded by the errant bomb were treated , a hellfire missile was launched into the targeted house . the military is investigating the incident .
he s very saddened that someone he was in touch with committed a violent , deadly act , farrell said .
the hotel affords gorgeous views of church domes and rooftops from flower lined terraces with tables and benches .
i m long john active .
tropical storm noel weakened tuesday over most of cuba after lashing the island s northern coast , but heavy rains continued to deluge the dominican republic , haiti and portions of the bahamas , forecasters said .
speaking in a broadcast interview , obama also brushed aside a challenge from sen . hillary clinton to debate before the may primaries in indiana and north carolina . i m not ducking . we ve had debates , he said .
some democrats have ridiculed the idea of a war czar , saying that should be bush s role as commander in chief .
if you still have forever stamps you bought for cents , they re still good , but anyone buying them now will pay the new rate .
the new complex is supposed to be safer , with additional blast walls and other protection .
roh also lent strong support to chun who , under attack from the main opposition grand national party , is expected to push for a large scale reform of the prosecution in the coming days . he was quoted as encouraging chun to go ahead and take charge of the current situation without wavering .
the korean federation of teachers and educational workers union said yesterday that it would have a special welcome for the asia pacific economic cooperation forum next week
the my pikin factory s managing director and eight others have been charged with negligence . the company could not be reached for comment .
denmark s jobless rate is at . percent , the lowest in three decades , and the economy grew . percent last year .
the typhoon is very likely to develop into the worst one in recent years , said a man who answered the phone at the city s meteorological bureau . as is common with chinese officials , the man identified himself only by his surname , fu .
estrada was given a life sentence last month after being convicted of corruption following a six year trial .
the solution ? the humble potato .
it was the fourth close call involving a crocodile this year in the northern territory .
the good news if you get your regular tetanus diptheria td booster every years , you won t need an extra jab for pertussis .
but the family has decided youssif should seek treatment in the united states .
crews have searched cars and will be looking for more possible victims , but the mission has changed from a rescue to a recovery mode .
roh added that until ties between washington and pyongyang had improved considerably , it would be futile for the two koreas leaders to meet in a summit .
people s standard of english and their standard of chinese , too has been slipping appreciably over or years , says yang ti liang , who was chief justice during british colonial days but now is trying his hand as a volunteer english teacher at a youth center .
kalkan , who represents the pro kurdish democratic society party , added that he decided to take action after someone suggested that the cash strapped community needed more funds .
with shareholders clamoring for a shake up , yahoo co founder jerry yang took over as the company s chief executive last june , replacing former movie studio mogul terry semel .
the sounds of birds are missing .
tymoshenko , in a statement released wednesday , denied any disruption of the gas flow to europe .
rio de janeiro is one of the most violent cities in the world , with an annual homicide rate of about per , residents .
hunters with a taste for bush meat and the loss of habitat have pushed the tonkin snub nosed monkey toward extinction , according to the international union for the conservation of nature .
i speak to her a lot , paltrow said as she attended the premiere of her film two lovers at london s film festival .
the old north church , a beacon for paul revere s famous warning of the movement of british forces , and a symbol of the american revolution , has gone high tech with the installation of light emitting diodes , or leds .
earlier this month , a teenager figured out a way to unlock the iphone , but his method required disassembly of the unit .
kingsley s film credits also include house of sand and fog and schindler s list .
and i just want to say this , right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we are going to keep it , he added .
in a similar sign of reconciliation , mourners at virginia tech have added a rd stone representing cho s life to a victims memorial on the school s drill field .
the storm spiraled into a crisis in some areas , with authorities worried about potential loss of critical supplies .
fortunately , celeste doesn t have the bacteria in her bloodstream
in a bid to save financial markets and the economy from further turmoil , the government has agreed tonight to provide an billion emergency loan to the huge insurer , aig .
not my scene at all , laird says , and nothing i would ve ever guessed over an initial meeting and beer .
england coach fabio capello says l . a . galaxy legend beckham will play some part in the match at stade de france where manchester united defender rio ferdinand will captain the side .
rather than protecting the environment , they say energy crops destroy natural forests that actually store carbon and thus are a key tool in the fight to reduce global warming .
the airline said wednesday that people were on board the plane . so far , bodies have been recovered but only eight have been identified , federal police said .
with efforts to persuade the cult members to leave the cave so far proving futile , authorities have enlisted the year old leader to try to get them out .
when they uncovered five pornographic images , they sent stern warnings to the offenders .
police said that a year old man , who was not fully identified under korea s strict laws on privacy protections , broke into the wooden building at about a . m . yesterday , went to the second floor and set a fire that soon engulfed the structure .
chairwoman lee kyung sook countered the skepticism , saying once the public understands the big picture of the education plan , they ll realize that they don t need to worry about it .
we re doing things we can as best we can to make her happy , and perhaps launch some special items that will make her more comfortable for that extended period of time , said kirk shireman , nasa s deputy manager of the space station program .
the test was to touch all these squares in the order of the numbers that used to be there .
another day , another new prediction .
in an interview published in the sunday mirror , kate mccann is quoted as saying of the portuguese police , they want me to lie i m being framed .
stop genocide in tibet . no olympics in china until tibet is free .
of course , there are organized kids activities here too , even etiquette classes .
the six party talks , aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program , will resume around next wednesday after a four month hiatus , sources said tuesday .
but an attorney for some of the detainees expressed outrage about putting the mostly sunni muslim ex officials in prisons controlled by the country s shiite dominated government .
the party s leader , arnaldo otegi , has been in jail since june on terrorism charges .
however , other health specialists said the research was flawed and the supplements were safe to take .
while the u . n . may have ignored hope s lunar land claims for almost three decades , it is unlikely the organization will be able ignore what could soon become a question of increasing international importance who , exactly , does own the moon ?
bidders came from as far as germany to try to buy belongings from the beverly hills mansion formerly owned by the rocker and former star of the osbournes reality show .
holzman is quick to offer others credit , including producer paul rothchild , engineer producer bruce botnick and a r man danny fields .
it definitely is brain surgery and that should give anyone pause , says david charles , m . d . , of vanderbilt university , in nashville , tennessee , who was not involved in the new study .
the destruction of the peatlands releases . billion tons of greenhouse gas each year , greenpeace said .
an airport worker told the bbc the boeing pilot , named later as year old peter burkill , said he had lost all power and had to glide the plane in to land .
hilschenz declined to testify at her original trial said at
it doesn s have any leg room in the back .
at least some of the suspects were recruited by al qaeda while they were living in the middle east , the sources said .
blacksburg , virginia cnn at least people , including a gunman , were killed monday during shootings in a dorm and a classroom building at virginia tech , university officials said .
he says he s battled depression and loves to do drama as much as the funny stuff .
consumers using computer networks to send personal mail , file tax reports , or shop from home with a credit card also need confidentiality .
one new york city resident said it was all about self respect .
griffin and julann elizabeth wright were married in , and a son , anthony , was born the following year .
each candidate says the other is unfit to lead the country .
there is a very high probability that juan david belongs to the family of clara gonzalez de rojas , mario iguaran arana , the country s chief federal prosecutor , said at a news conference .
dutt is appealing his sentence in the supreme court .
in march a red canoe belonging to john darwin , then , was found wrecked on the seafront near his home of seaton carew , hartlepool in northern england .
fast walking is good for the heart .
the beatles had broken through and brought a new vitality to top , and a number of folk artists such as roger mcguinn and john sebastian were picking up electric guitars .
the tally was to , votes shy of the needed to end debate .
authorities say at least people were killed in consecutive bombings in baghdad , while at least people were killed by a female suicide bomber in downtown baqouba that s miles northeast of baghdad .
flooding inundates iowa , raising an array of public health concerns .
the others are former central bank chairman viktor gerashchenko and eduard limonov , a provocative writer who heads the banned national bolshevik party .
about feet meters to the bottom , it s even deeper than the north sea .
pyongyang had denounced the case as a calculated plot to smear north korea .
bush assailant kick starts sales for shoemaker
the meeting began friday at p . m . at the office of the afghan red cross in the central afghan city of ghazni , near where the south koreans were kidnapped on july , said the afghan official , who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to release the information .
european shares tumbled on thursday to a month low , as worries over the credit market continued to weigh , while a drop in oil prices dragged shares of energy companies lower .
my argument was that he seemed so disturbed that we needed to do something about this .
his name was not released because of his age .
this report really confirms that a lot of the bad news that we ve seen over the last few weeks is accurate .
that is a fairly good outcome , given the fragile status of young birds on their first migration , said ruoppolo .
president of the european commission jose manuel barroso
that s because when blilie , now a minneapolis engineer , was a kid her family skied here every winter , and after a year hiatus , she was determined to create some of those same happy memories for her own two children , as well as her nieces and nephews who , along with their parents , had come along for the trip down memory lane .
talabani reiterated iraq s demand that pkk rebels lay down their arms , and restated calls for a diplomatic solution .
senna s family accused almeida of pressuring senna to change his will , removing brothers and sisters as potential beneficiaries .
speaking at his first news conference since the order , musharraf restated his vow to step down as military chief once a newly installed supreme court approves his third term in office .
the row , over frozen north korea accounts , stalled implementation of the nuclear deal for several weeks .
the measures also include slaughtering pigs and dogs in the area .
i am very disappointed , he said . when i saw his face , he seemed to be at peace .
it is going to require more than rousing speeches . . . it is going to require something more because the problem that we face in america today is not the lack of good ideas .
magincalda was acquitted of murder wednesday but was found guilty of larceny and housebreaking .
the korea times reports exports are expected to exceed billion for the first time in the nation s trade history , reaching around billion , according to the ministry of commerce , industry and energy tuesday .
the death toll in vietnam s worst hit central province of nghe an rose to after eight more bodies were discovered over the past two days , said provincial disaster official pham hong thuong .
this woman tells wsvj tv that the school is out of touch with its catholic roots
however , instead of improving airport service to prevent delays and resulting demonstrations , the airport s management committee said that under a draconian new policy , protesting passengers would first be warned and then hauled off the aircraft by police .
the draft report , which will be amended following comments from dozens of governments , says emissions can be cut below current levels if the world shifts away from carbon heavy fuels like coal , invests in energy efficiency and reforms the agriculture sector .
in the world s richest countries , total spending for health care for each person is almost , dollars a year .
british troops have been based in basra , in the southeast region .
he said three were still in hospital , with one in a critical condition .
ice cover in the arctic ocean , long held to be an early warning of a changing climate , has shattered the all time low record this summer , according to scientists from the national snow and ice data center in boulder .
i expect a day will come when south koreans visit north korean tourist attractions freely by train , shin jang chul , whose parents are from what is now north korea , told reporters before departing .
he had a recommendation from a shooting club when he obtained the gun , police added , and practiced sharp shooting as a hobby at a shooting range .
gerberding said health officials usually rely on a covenant of trust to assume that a person with tuberculosis just isn t going to go into a situation where they would transmit disease to someone else .
the national institute of media and the family is out with a list of the worst and the best
troops recuperating from wounds they suffered in iraq and afghanistan were discovered to be living in substandard conditions in building , an adjunct structure at walter reed that was once a hotel .
analysts say the visible presence of u . s . troops particularly a large ground force could provoke anti american sentiment among many pakistanis .
the pictures came from a hardline sunni group opposed to coalition forces . it has been cross checked with other images taken at the time of events and is believed to be genuine .
hundreds of pakistani lawyers and flag waving activists launched a cross country march toward islamabad on monday to demand the restoration of judges sacked last year by president pervez musharraf .
he will have served more than years .
ten neighborhood residents were among those hurt , three of them critically , when a portion of the crane detached and completely destroyed the townhouse , new york mayor michael bloomberg said saturday .
gaza city cnn fighters from the islamic party hamas claimed full control of palestinian authority security agencies in gaza late thursday as palestinian president mahmoud abbas dissolved his unity government and declared a state of emergency .
exactly where the creature fits into the evolution of birds and dinosaurs is not clear .
the academy of television arts sciences , which oversees the primetime emmy awards , declined comment on the accuracy of the lists .
the voice calls on muslims in neighboring countries to do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in iraq .
about chinese students attended the relay , carrying pro china signs and heckling the few people taking a pro tibet stand .
the firat news agency reported rebel commander bahoz erdal as saying that right now , these soldiers are hostages in the hands of our forces . . . we have not harmed them and we will not .
the ambitious project masiluleke is being rolled out across the country after a pilot period that saw calls to a aids national helpline shoot up by percent , organizers say .
police raided the house and office of hanwha group chairman kim seung youn yesterday as they struggle to secure evidence to charge him for alleged involvement in battering six bar employees in retaliation for an attack on his son .
without proper water treatment facilities , water contaminated with high levels of these metals is hazardous and can possibly cause cancer .
the president as he has already stated , is closely following the various investigations now under way , the statement from sarkozy s office said .
the hand grenade and more ammunition were found in a nearby stream .
globovision s director , alberto ravell , said he was unimpressed .
milan could have been two goals up by half time after inzaghi shot weakly against the post in the th minute and later in the half floated a lob that beat goalkeeper david james but flicked the top of the bar .
halloween came early and closed hollywood s strong summer season with a record breaking labor day weekend debut .
his comment follows by a week a huge offer announced by unification minister chung dong young to provide million kilowatts of electricity for energy starved north korea in exchange for its ending its nuclear weapons development program .
reports of prisoners being tortured have been exaggerated .
the hellfire missile fired by the u . s . military overshot its intended target and struck a coalition forces vehicle , starting it and nearby houses on fire , the military said .
the precise date of withdrawal and when security would be handed over to local forces in qadisiya , the southern iraqi shiite province where most polish troops in iraq are based , are still being determined , he said .
the investigation into the attempted terror attacks in london and glasgow has become a global terror probe after an eighth suspect was arrested in australia late monday .
investors returning to the fold , looking for bargains after straight days of heavy selling .
the battle began saturday and was making slow progress sunday when it took u . s . forces eight hours to clear a path less than half a mile long .
when we called the parents of the teenagers , some of them refused to come to the station to meet them , said a police officer .
it s a rare balkan oasis a place of unspeakable beauty , sanctity and solitude .
the plane , a russian made an , crashed in a mountainous jungle area , and rescuers were still searching for it nine hours after it disappeared , they said .
the source said olmert had lodged a complaint with president abbas .
italy s draw in bulgaria on saturday was marred when visiting fans shouted fascist slogans on their way to the stadium and started rioting once they got inside , swinging belts and throwing objects toward bulgaria supporters , reports said .
the reverend al sharpton says now , more than a half century later , too many schools still are not providing a quality education
we have more than million visitors a year and of course they are very welcome still to have a look at the animals .
the number of european companies complaining about china s rampant product piracy is about the same as last year , he said .
a professional wrestling superstar , chris benoit , was found dead alongside the bodies of his wife and year old son and police are treating the case as a possible murder suicide , authorities said on tuesday .
chinese oil refiners are losing money due to low government set retail prices for gasoline and diesel that prevent them from passing on soaring crude costs to consumers .
musharraf said sharif was told by an unidentified friend of pakistan to abide by the agreement of not returning to the country before the end of ten years of his exile , the associated press of pakistan apa reported .
we ask that the media respect her privacy as well as those of her family and friends at this time , spears manager , larry rudolph , said in a statement . watch signs that spears was in need of help
tehran insists its nuclear program is meant for peaceful energy production , but uranium enriched to a high degree can also be used for weapons grade material .
dutch authorities had been investigating the disappearance of nigerian children from asylum seeker holding centers since january .
they came from somewhere in the back . they planned everything , he said of the attackers .
jerusalem cnn a rocket fired by palestinian militants in gaza on monday struck a house in southern israel , killing one woman , according to israeli medical emergency services .
but uefa officials said they need to see written reports from fandel and his team of officials and will make a ruling before the next european qualifying matches on wednesday .
in addition , opposition leader and former prime minister benazir bhutto also plans to return to pakistan from self imposed exile and take part in the upcoming elections .
cnn lies to venezuela , he said , adding that he worries that journalism is being used to present political propaganda under the guise of news , in a systematic manner .
parreira was hired months ago after resigning as brazil coach .
babies have an immature esophagus , meaning that what goes down is very likely to come back up , especially liquids .
observers at the may event marveled at the images of joseph , mary and the baby jesus , adapted from stained glass windows , that adorned the calves of lucas walther , or the feline species that peered through jungle foliage on the arms of jan bishop .
jiang xiaoyu of the beijing organizing committee said that if the reports were true then the factories involved would lose their olympic business .
back when kirk douglas and spencer tracy were on the job you could spot a newshound by his rolled up sleeves , the way he wore his fedora and his two fingered typing style with a smoke and a flask nearby .
president valdas adamkus signed the law friday .
under the headline marriage imminent , the weekly le journal du dimanche said the two would marry feb . or .
mbc reporter summoned for questioning about wiretap tape .
the angry reaction came after the foreign ministry on friday admitted it had a telephone inquiry on june from ap over kim s kidnapping in iraq but gave it no attention .
it is the product of choice for underage drinking , said michael scippa , advocacy director for the marin institute , an alcohol industry watchdog group .
we will need stricter controls as tourism grows .
industry professionals , government ministers and tourism chiefs from around the globe are currently gathering in london for world travel market , an international travel trade show .
two young boys , a mini policeman and a mini soldier sporting painted on mustaches , march stiffly and salute .
sadly , he s not protecting him for some national interest but for his own corruption cases , imran khan , head of pakistan s movement for justice party , told cnn s becky anderson in an interview in london on monday .
dear users , please note pakistan electronic media regulatory authority pemra temporarily suspended transmission of independent news tv channels till further instructions .
genson urged that more than a dozen witnesses , including incoming white house chief of staff rahm emanuel , be subpoenaed .
ivanovic , the australian open runner up , used a fierce forehand to defeat kuznetsova and claim her sixth career title .
conservationists are already planning for the re wilded group s return to china .
karzai traveled to the u . n . general assembly in new york last week , and hamidzada said that the u . n . secretary general and the foreign ministers of many countries , everyone with one voice said we need a comprehensive strategy in dealing with the taliban both military and diplomatic components .
farmers and other producers have even begun to set up roadside stalls , and bartering in public is common , she said .
justin henin opened the defense of her french open crown with a battling win over year old russian elena vesnina on sunday .
but as compass phones improve and spread , new possibilities will open up .
but less than an hour in , de carli told his support crew by satellite phone that he would not be able to complete the planned flight to the city of dourados , miles kilometers away , according to team member jose carlos bom .
foreign carmakers revs up their domestic sales networks .
the exhibition , which took in more than million just on advance sales of , tickets , includes human figures selected from the more than , statues discovered in near the tomb of the ancient chinese emperor qin shihuangdi .
we are not here to find rob blagojevich guilty of crimes beyond a reasonable doubt .
a spokesman for radical cleric muqtada al sadr said the fighting does not mean an end to the newly negotiated peace agreement .
a los angeles police spokeswoman said friday that officers at the scene determined that paramedics needed to be called but it was unclear why .
so he said the focus would be on satisfying three groups of visitors athletes , journalists and the olympic family , meaning primarily vips .
non government environmentalists blame the global spike in food prices for encouraging soy farmers and cattle ranchers to clear land for crops and grazing .
monckton testified that diana said nothing of an engagement during a telephone conversation on august .
the secular elite and turkey s generals , who have ousted four governments since , are wary of gul s islamist past and alarmed at the prospect of a woman , his wife , wearing the islamic headscarf in the cankaya presidential palace .
police raided the ranch last week after receiving reports that a year old girl had been sexually abused .
the late crocodile hunter steve irwin , killed in a stingray attack last year , will be honored with a new wildlife reserve in outback australia , the government announced sunday .
several of the ex president s closest aides will also face trial with him , on charges relating to the massacre of shias in a town north of baghdad .
she stars as a woman grappling with an unexpected pregnancy in the independent romantic comedy waitress , which has been warmly received by critics .
the sox and the rays are playing game of their series tonight , which may decide who wins the american league title .
the world bank s policy board is meeting today in washington .
stallone initially said the detention on friday was the result of a misunderstanding on his part , then later refused to answer questions about the incident .
but the opposition grand national party gnp threatened to refer the president to the prosecution for defying the election law .
ppr s unit sapardis said in a statement it would offer euros . in cash per share .
adler pulled the emergency brake and the train stopped at dekalb avenue station , where police came on board .
they vowed to stop several new plants and oppose the construction of a spent fuel dump in the area .
stems from a bitter dispute between the government of president cristina fernandez de kirchner and farmers , who oppose a tax increase she levied in march on the export of grains .
the alaska governor said in an interview with cnn s wolf blitzer that she would be willing to help if obama asked her for assistance on some of the issues she highlighted during this year s campaign , such as energy or services for special needs children .
kinnear was installed as a caretaker manager while ashley sought prospective buyers , with a price tag of around million .
an athens prosecutor charged him with using a forged passport .
his remarks came at a white house meeting with a group of north korean defectors and a japanese mother whose daughter was kidnapped years ago by north korea .
i knew she was not a great mover on clay and i tried to play deep balls to put her under pressure .
but only if the government can get financial markets to operate more normally again .
it s now or never for me sadly it has to be now , henry was quoted as saying .
he noted that some businesses , mainly smaller ones , have been forced to close or suspend production in recent months .
new delhi , india cnn nearly communist prisoners overpowered guards and escaped from a prison in restive eastern india sunday , police said .
that may indicate it was a legal text , which archaeologists say would provide insights into hebrew law , society , and beliefs .
the request had been made by the state of louisiana and the bush administration .
us president george w bush had argued against the resolution , saying its passage would do great harm to relations with a key ally in nato and in the global war on terror .
messages of support from across europe , the united states and australia have been posted on the site .
the hamandiya investigation has been examining claims a man was deliberately killed on april in the town in central iraq .
don t forget that this was a suicide bombing , he said .
oil prices hit a record high thursday of more than a barrel after reports indicated that the organization of petroleum exporting countries has no plans to increase production .
borough council president randy gartner said police officers aren t happy they have no authority to cite teens smoking around town , especially in the summer .
it was not clear how natashia hit her head or what part of the ride she hit it on .
security forces used in house telephones to ask guests holed up in their rooms to switch on lights and open curtains , so that they could provide cover , cnn correspondent andrew stevens reported .
singing nick mitchell , the sketch comedian who played a singer on american idol .
sohn said in principle he agrees the people will be the beneficiaries of the deal ultimately , but added there are some obstacles to the parliamentary ratification .
al masri is egyptian and many suicide attacks are carried out under al qaeda s direction by other foreigners such as saudis and north africans .
cnn polling director keating holland notes that tuesday s survey confirms what a string of national polls released this month have shown
opposition leader raila odinga said he and his orange democratic movement were ready to negotiate with the president without preconditions .
hundreds of thousands of secular turks demonstrated on the seafront of turkey s third largest city on sunday , fearful that the islamic rooted government is conspiring to impose religious values on society .
the attorneys filed the page motion for dismissal in los angeles superior court tuesday .
then news reports yesterday said that the gnp is preparing to replace more than half the incumbent lawmakers in park s traditional stronghold region , the gyeongsang provinces .
he unexpectedly announced late tuesday that he would unveil his project before crowds of supporters at the national assembly .
cheju province s plan to turn the resort island into a free international city is expected to get a boost , as voters approved the local government s new administrative system on wednesday .
lee is scheduled to go to the united states later this month .
when reinforcements pulled in , another guard died in the clash , which took place in the kani khal area , miles northeast of baghdad .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert says he is ready to negotiate peace with the palestinians but not until hamas rejects violence and recognizes israel .
clips of mccain making supposed age related gaffes circulate on the internet .
the foreign ministry said it was trying to confirm the ban through diplomatic channels .
there was substantial damage done to my name and reputation on a world level , he wrote . the extent of my damages is vast .
would hillary clinton visit north korea ?
the law bans passengers from using electronic gadgets as they could affect the safe operation of the plane . violators can be fined up to five million won .
now that the case of the nurses is sorted out , this is a golden opportunity opening up , islam said .
that would likely occur sunday , and into monday .
we can t believe everything ancient writings tell us , levy said in a university statement . but this research represents a confluence between the archaeological and scientific data and the bible .
us troops have launched two raids against shiite militias in baghdad , according to reports .
cnn a dutch tourist says she recently spotted missing year old madeleine mccann at a french restaurant near montpellier , mccann family spokesman clarence mitchell said wednesday .
between , and , people are believed to be held in prison camps in the communist north for political reasons , according to u . s . government data .
the budget also holds out the possibility of asking for another billion in bank bailout money .
how can you not do it ?
mexico live an average of years , according to the web site of the u . k . based donkey sanctuary charity , which founded the ethiopian clinic in .
former president kim dae jung said that he sees a possibility for an inter korean summit between president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il this year .
korea s chief negotiator , kim jong hoon , and his u . s . counterpart , wendy cutler , opened high level talks to minimize as many differences as possible .
clinton , who scored victories in the new hampshire primary and nevada caucuses , could use a win in the state to paint herself as the clear front runner going into super tuesday .
such a large quantity found in such a small area is unprecedented , the university said .
north and south korea will be jointly celebrating the sixth anniversary of the june inter korean declaration this week in kwangju .
kim s bereaved family wept as his coffin , draped in the taegeukgi , the national flag , arrived at a hospital in his hometown busan saturday night , one year after the year old translator went to iraq to perfect his arabic and earn money to continue his studies .
but investors are watching them closely for signs of a possible recovery , and markets abroad often react to swings in chinese prices .
ahead of the debate he won endorsement from a former rival for the democratic nomination , senator christopher dodd .
female voice along with the dressy dresses and chic suits , people are breaking out the botox to go to the inauguration .
the same question is being asked about automobiles .
i guess his first priority will be spending time with his fiancee and with his children , and winging his way back to the nfl and convincing the american people that he s not the monster that he was made out to be during his trial .
walters said chavez had failed to root out corrupt officials or to deny venezuelan ports and airfields to smugglers .
the storm is moving northeast , according to the joint typhoon warning center .
in san francisco , a planned waterfront closing ceremony in justin herman plaza was moved because of security fears .
so i can understand why the american people might be concerned .
shortage is always going to be a concern with organ transplantation .
the two planned to visit artists , craftsmen , museums , and youth clubs along the way .
the memorial service for the late staff sergeant yoon jang ho was held at the u . s . base in yongsan , seoul , where u . s . burwell b . bell had a monument erected in honor of the south korean last year .
, when humor university lodged a complaint on the issue claiming foul play by google .
in london , brent crude futures rose . to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
in a nation where parties are split into dutch and french speaking camps , forming a new government promises to be a complicated , time consuming undertaking .
jerusalem cnn israeli prime minister ehud olmert will ask his cabinet on sunday to approve a deal with hezbollah that would involve exchanging prisoners for two kidnapped israeli soldiers .
bogota , colombia cnn the highest active volcano in colombia erupted monday night , prompting authorities to order the evacuation of up to , people .
once formal charges are filed , a timetable requires preliminary hearings within days and the start of a jury trial within days at guantanamo bay , where nearly men are held on suspicion of links to al qaeda or the taliban .
the experts missed it , by a lot , when they estimated that consumer confidence would drop to a on the conference board survey .
jake shimabukuro s ukulele provides a delightfully plucky counterpoint to ma s soaring cello on the john lennon yoko ono hit happy xmas war is over .
the cause of the deaths was not yet known and an autopsy was expected to be carried out later saturday , the spokeswoman said . police were not yet treating the deaths as suspicious , she said .
actually , coal is bitter and unsmooth but you can chew up pieces the size of a finger .
in another , a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and , after a staged argument between the film s director and another actor , gets promoted to the starring role .
simpson was booked sunday evening on two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon and one count each of armed burglary and conspiracy to commit burglary , las vegas police capt . james dillon said .
the band broke up in when drummer john bonham died after a drinking binge .
police are investigating whether several items found in the enclosure of a tiger who fatally mauled a year old man show that the animal was attacked or taunted , san francisco zoo spokesman sam singer said wednesday .
we ve seen about a percent increase in the last four months , said jacalyn elise , co founder of thehairtrader . com , referring to the number of ads offering hair for sale posted on her site .
the international association of athletics federation iaaf on tuesday selected the south korean city of daegu as host for the world championships .
and though she won t divulge whom she s spending time with , she s clear on what she s looking for . my list is all about balance .
but now it s holding steady after losing almost half of its value against the dollar .
doctors reckon they will be able to add an amazing five inches . cm to his height in just over a year , the sun said .
wind gusts as high as mph blew snow around and diminished visibility .
odm leader raila odinga called for peacekeepers in kenyaduring a meeting with secretary general ban ki moon at the african union summit in addis ababa , ethiopia .
but the new research shows it hasn t always been so cold there .
both the ruling and the opposition parties hailed the decision as the problem has been a bone of contention along with some other issues hindering a normal operation of the national assembly for months .
the official exchange rate of the north korean currency was won to the u . s . dollar in the first half of .
after the year i ve had and the whole team has had , to be crowned sports personality of the year , it just means so much . this is the big one and this is just unbelievable .
we have an enormous amount of respect for sen . clinton , but it s now become clear members and leaders want to become part of an effort to elect barack obama the next president , union president andy stern said during a conference call announcing the union s endorsement .
in one province alone , officials estimated that up to , people would be evacuated to gymnasiums , churches and schools by friday when tropical storm mitag was forecast to make landfall .
robert machin said he had just finished walking his two boston terriers and was about to put them into his car when the truck appeared thursday morning .
poor people , many without health insurance , know that the rich have a much better chance of getting transplants than they do .
the husband of one of the divers said he was told they were in good condition , although dehydrated .
cuzco is not for sale !
that angered relatives of the people who were killed at the school .
communications with the tiny . million dash probe was broken at its scheduled deployment time , with ground control technicians unable to confirm that it had reached orbit .
it is the second contentious issue for the convention .
several are considered top contenders , including former treasury chiefs lawrence summers , robert rubin , and investor warren buffett .
the bill allows doctors to kill patients with terminal diseases who are suffering unbearably if they request it .
pope john paul got an emergency surgery because of acute respiratory problems .
in the past , lawmakers have found a way around the clause , with congress changing the salary of the office in question back to what it originally was .
the two had visited north korea and met north korea s chief nuclear negotiator kim kye gwan .
he said capital punishment was for each and every member state to decide words clearly at odds with the un s policy of opposing the death penalty .
the melee moved to an elevator and then to the lobby , where the couple threw metal planters at the two guests of the other party , causing minor injuries , police charged .
last night , the new first couple attended inaugural balls .
in march , he announced his engagement to his longtime girlfriend , stylist tameka foster .
but political rhetoric was present , according to a journalist who was there .
critics said that it was inappropriate for the opposition party to seek a presidential meeting through the nominee s personal network , not going through official diplomatic channels .
it s a mystery where it spent most of the last century , oberlin postmaster steve schultz said .
the officials insisted on anonymity and cautioned that no firm links have yet been established with the case of madeleine .
for some reason , the australian bees seem to be resistant to iapv and do not come down with symptoms .
on behalf of my family , we ask that your thoughts and prayers be with john and his loved ones .
handling customer demands and keeping up with paperwork would leave anyone frazzled , but peek , , has found a way to cope with the stress .
senate leaders have added an extra . bn funding for border security in an attempt to overcome republican opposition .
and world markets are skittish
the pro government uri party has emphasized the push by the opposition parties to impeach president roh moo hyun , which resulted in a surge in its approval ratings and a plunge in the popularity of both its rivals , the grand national party and the millennium democratic party .
the dead zone usually begins forming in the spring and stays through summer and into the fall .
bush , who had supported wolfowitz , said the departing president has made the world bank a more effective partner to world development , and added that bob zoellick is the right man to succeed paul in this vital work .
on sunday , abe staked his job on extending japan s support of the us led mission in afghanistan , beyond a current november deadline .
in his new year s press conference televised live across the country , roh said the administration is endeavoring to reduce unnecessary budget expenditures and striving to improve the tax system .
on monday , president bush will hold separate white house meetings with olmert and abbas .
hey , that s the boy i just saw on tv ! a voice shouted out from the beach .
a south korean military team returned monday from iraq after evaluating sites to send , troops , as the government stepped up preparations for the delayed dispatch .
net proceeds will be donated to homes for our troops , which builds homes for severely wounded veterans of iraq and afghanistan .
the palestinian death toll from the campaign has topped , most of them hamas militants , palestinian medical sources said monday .
the treasury chief , who will succeed blair as british leader on wednesday , pledged sweeping reforms to tackle poverty and improve health care and said he recognized global extremism would not be defeated by military force alone .
british officials expelled the four russian diplomats on monday after moscow s repeated refusals to hand over andrei lugovoi , a former russian state security agent who is a suspect in
both commerce and the planet can prosper .
smith s attorney , brian sun , also has insisted on his client s innocence .
she was arrested after corrections officers interviewed a year old girl , who worked at a restaurant where lafave had been employed since january , according to the violation report from florida s corrections department .
eva longoria parker has taken time to dish out frostys and french fries at a wendy s fast food restaurant .
opposition parties say they have raised enough candidates to contest more than half the seats up for grabs in the may th vote .
boston , massachusetts cnn northern new england should brace for as much as inches of snow as a winter storm , blamed for three deaths , blows through the great lakes states late sunday .
we are exercising particular vigilance regarding cargo transported by north korean ships , and all ships starting from or heading to north korea , he said .
he doesn t like , however , how the paparazzi use his four children .
washington cnn first lady laura bush will undergo fairly routine outpatient surgery saturday to relieve pressure on pinched nerves in her neck , the white house said friday .
mark lacroix , who lives on the th floor of an apartment building near the bridge , told cnn he saw the last seconds of the collapse .
an israeli official said olmert met foreign minister tzipi livni and defence minister ehud barak to prepare their position before meeting palestinian negotiators next week .
cnn a series of wildfires sunday in southern california led to evacuations in some areas , and killed at least one person and injured eight others in san diego county , according to officials .
at peak hours more than people cram into a carriage built for .
on thursday , susan crawford , the head of the military commissions , formally charged hicks only with providing material support for terrorism .
the prosecution already has enough evidence to substantiate their charges , so there is also no risk that shin will destroy evidence , kim jeong jung , the judge who struck down the warrant application , said .
south korean media reported on thursday that there were three or four missiles waiting on north korean launch pads , although they were not thought to be long range .
the nationwide core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food prices , jumped . percent in november compared to the same month a year ago , the ministry of internal affairs and communications said .
hugo hernandez , the executive director of the national coordination for disaster , said there were no immediate reports of injuries , but all phone lines were down .
bamggadan said the people sitting in the front of the plane were the last able to get out , because i think the emergency door was in the middle .
he said the strike was smaller than others in recent weeks .
yi had three short lived marriages .
even as bush spoke however , there was a new blow for hopes to and end to the crisis .
thompson was elected to the u . s . senate in and represented tennessee for eight years .
captain francesco totti , whose team now take a healthy lead into next thursday s second leg at the san siro , gave the home side a dream start when he slammed in rodrigo taddei s pullback in the first minute .
dick tracy debuts in the comics .
amnesty international said earlier the junta had arrested a dozen activists and buddhist monks this month , despite assurances that the crackdown had stopped .
the pension fund amounts to about trillion won and is expected to increase to trillion won by and trillion won in , according to the ministry of health and welfare .
nearly half of the respondents said they expect a slight economic slowdown which they can manage to live with thanks to the government s antispeculation measures announced last month . nine out of koreans think the current domestic housing prices are overvalued , according to a government survey .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s attorney general monday rejected a plan by opposition lawmakers to reinstate the country s ousted supreme court justices within days of parliament s first session .
the korea herald reports , in his keynote speech kwon also called for seoul to scrap the purported u . s . move to deploy a destroyer equipped with the advanced aegis antimissile system in the east sea between the korean peninsula and japan .
in addition , the explosions killed two iraqi civilians and wounded others in the downtown karrada neighborhood .
but castrale caught ochoa on the st hole to force a play off , then watched the world s best drive into a marsh on the first play off hole .
gates said undersecretary of the army peter geren will temporarily take harvey s place .
we re now up over the , mark , to , , for the first time in this cycle , and these are the highest levels of claims in any of the recessions since , except for the s recession .
bendtner complained of being struck by his gunners team mate in the second half of tuesday night s carling cup defeat by tottenham , but no action will be taken by the fa .
twelve hours later , the time the truce took effect will be marked with a gun salute at u . s . military headquarters in seoul .
however , contractors must satisfy the strict requirements of hong kong s environmental protection department .
cases have been reported in ohio , michigan and other states .
shin s lawyer , pak jong lok , said yesterday that his client has admitted to charges associated with the forgery , and gave up her right for a warrant hearing .
he is also a close supporter and student of the region s exiled buddhist leader , the dalai lama , who beijing says is a separatist .
en route to the united states , the new british leader said the world is indebted to the united states for taking the lead in the fight against terrorism .
the islamic regime in tehran strongly opposes israel s existence and frequently boasts of its ability to strike the jewish state with long range missiles .
hinckley has been allowed four night visits to his family home in virginia but wants to extend those visits to two weeks at a time and has asked that he be allowed to make one monthlong visit .
crews used search dogs and heat sensing cameras as they looked through the rubble , the associated press reported .
they said the decision to free the women was a gesture of good will toward korean diplomats negotiating release of all the hostages .
a movie version of the rosenblats story
cucumber , green onion and leeks are also common ingredients .
although it does not release official statistics of its executions , china is believed to execute more people than any other country , according to human rights groups .
the state owned herald quotes zanu pf spokesman nathan shamuyarira as saying monday many supporters did not vote during the first round on march because they assumed there was no threat to mugabe s rule .
we know that if a child is watching more than an hour of tv a day , we know there s a sexual scene in the content every minutes , then they re getting a fair amount of sexual content , chandra said .
my deepest thanks to the members of the academy for whacking me with the handsomest bludgeon in town , day lewis said as he accepted the award .
it is not known if james attended the clinic .
an aid to barack obama s transition team tells the associated press tonight the president elect is on track to nominate hillary clinton as secretary of state after thanksgiving , barring any unforeseen problems .
pearson said those were not his pants , and decided to take the chungs to the cleaners and sue .
pakistani opposition leader nawaz sharif , who was banned from taking part in last week s elections because of criminal convictions , is planning to contest the by elections . several hurdles stand in his way .
the korea times reports south korean security specialists will be dispatched to kirkuk in iraq to train their police forces on anti terrorism tactics and other security related missions .
pakistani president pervez musharraf will meet with one of his prominent critics , afghan president hamid karzai , this week to discuss efforts to battle militants who have established a haven in pakistan .
asked whether he considered the americans a sworn enemy as north korea s official media often claim , hong said , that was so in old days .
it was one of two shark attacks in australia on monday .
it said the game , initially due for release earlier in the month , will now begin shipping in north america in the week of october .
visibly distressed , he told a packed news conference that japan needed a new leader to fight against terrorism .
but some analysts believe a heavy defeat in these elections will make abe s position untenable and he will be forced to quit .
ban ki moon , minister of foreign affairs and trade , wednesday tried to dodge criticism by a top u . s . lawmaker who accused seoul of taking an apologetic attitude toward communist north korea .
jack believed the number seven was lucky . jack was honoring a merchant friend who owned seven stores that distributed jack s liquor .
the us marine corps has charged seven marines and a navy sailor with murder over the death of an iraqi civilian .
it is only now that we have learned of the enormous public support we have all enjoyed in the uk and we wish to thank everyone for their thoughts , kind words and prayers . it means so much to us all , the statement said .
they have seen gliding dinosaurs before , but never one with feathers .
sixty three percent of those surveyed say the country is ready for a female president , points lower than those who say the country is ready for a black president .
to work , the biosuit needs to exert close to one third of the pressure exerted by the earth s atmosphere , or kilopascals kpa .
the tibetan government in exile said at least people were killed by police , but local authorities and xinhua said only people died .
so he or she could be buying a new pair every six months .
concerned about the fate of the gorillas , a few rangers returned friday .
some experts believe steroids can cause paranoia , depression and violent outbursts known as roid rage .
who slams global health care , calls for universal coverage
khan , a former pakistani cricket star , had previously said he would continue his hunger strike until the supreme court justices fired by president gen . pervez musharraf are reinstated .
spectacle island has a swimming beach , five miles of walking trails dotted with gazebos , and a panoramic vista from the highest point in boston harbor .
madrid had previously bid for the summer olympics , but it was awarded to london .
officials say it will put pressure on pakistan to work harder to contain extremism .
le clezio s first novel , le proces verbal minutes of a meeting was published in and won le clezio the prestigious theophraste renaudot prize when he was just .
iraq s parliament has approved last minute changes to the draft constitution aimed at overcoming sunni arab objections .
a senior us diplomat has branded north korea a criminal regime involved in arms sales , drug trafficking and currency forgery .
taliban kidnappers and afghan negotiators resumed talks to free south korean hostages who were still alive on monday despite two rebel deadlines expiring .
portuguese star cristiano ronaldo was named european footballer of the year on tuesday , reward for his brilliant performances for manchester united as they completed the premier league and champions league double .
officials now confirm it is the wreckage of steve fossett s plane found in a rugged part of eastern california .
the man released all but two of the hostages shortly after taking them captive , but held on to a woman and the group s translator , australian media said , quoting the country s department for foreign affairs and trade .
the heat did not have an immediate comment , and shaquille o neal did not respond to a request for comment made through the team .
the defense acknowledged that their remains were found on pickton s farm outside vancouver , but denied he was responsible for their deaths .
the hecklers were escorted out of the room and shouted down by others in the audience chanting the candidate s name .
libyan officials said the two countries would sign an accord on cooperation on a military industrial partnership and another to activate what they called a previous agreement on cooperation on the peaceful uses of nuclear energy .
he said there was a sense of optimism over last month s deal on steps to end north korea s nuclear program .
a london metropolitan police spokesman said a woman was arrested at the terminal for an assault on police , but refused to disclose her identity or give her age .
fears that the british economy could cool significantly have grown amid days of market turmoil sparked by fears that the collapse of the u . s . subprime mortgage market over the summer could be dragging the country into a recession .
the hunt is part of what it calls a scientific research program , permitted under a clause in international whaling commission rules .
al shahristani said iraq s current oil production is about . million barrels per day and current export level is about million barrels per day .
but obama said the voters had rejected clinton s argument that she was more experienced candidate .
the country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world s premier tourist destinations .
massive earthquake struck indonesian coast .
at least people died and almost were injured when the train slammed into an apartment block near osaka .
he will also learn about state management and the constitution , fitzwilliams said .
yahoo shares finished last week at . .
as a former fbi agent , he followed organized crime in the united states , but was not involved in intelligence matters , said paul bresson , an fbi spokesman .
because of the physical beating they take from stranding on rocks and surf , compared to sandy beach strandings , animals die more quickly , said gales .
saying her power struggles were stalling the passing of crucial budget legislation .
the pakistani government has sent tribal elders to meet with militant leaders in the area in hopes of reviving the peace deal .
the main opposition grand national party gnp will announce its presidential candidate at a national convention in seoul , monday , at around p . m .
a roadside blast killed at least six members of an awakening council in the capital s northern neighborhood of adahmiya , the official said .
since the fighting started , there has been a spate of bombings in and around beirut including one monday evening on an empty passenger bus in a christian suburb that wounded passers by .
both roh and song are on a european tour .
a home destroyed by a fighter jet that crashed and burned .
spitzer again apologized for not living up to the standards he demanded of others but he gave no details .
what started as a college a cappella pastime became a ticket to the big time for indiana university graduates .
the prime minister of the tibetan government in exile , samdhong rinpoche , denied china s allegations .
mohamed el baradei said n . k . had time to secure enough plutonium .
mireles became the focus of a nationwide search after police found large quantities of blood in a kansas motel room where he was staying .
labor unions say there s never a perfect time , that higher wages will force south korea to shift into more sophisticated industries and that employees and korean society will be happier , healthier and more relaxed .
opening two days of talks with allied defense and diplomatic officials , gates hoped to stir discussion of forming an overarching strategy for afghanistan that could be adopted by nato government leaders at a summit next april . it was not clear that all nato members agree such a plan is even needed , and no firm decisions on a way forward were expected in edinburgh .
and not long after that , the passenger jet was brought down safely in the hudson river .
a macau official said that most of the m frozen in the banco delta asia had now been moved elsewhere .
the libyan group officially joined al qaeda on november , according to the report , called al qaeda s foreign fighters in iraq
the korea herald reports prosecutors yesterday raided the office and home of a top financial official as part of their ongoing probe into his alleged bribery case .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id the white house on sunday disagreed with senate majority leader harry reid s claim that the iraq war was the worst foreign policy mistake in u . s . history .
the cancer was detected late last month during a routine annual exam .
graham has also prayed with and counseled every american president from harry truman to george w . bush .
and even climate skeptics are starting to admit that the carbon we re pumping into the atmosphere might have disastrous consequences .
superior court commissioner scott gordon also required that spears undergo random weekly drug and alcohol tests .
scattered about are unpacked boxes .
there are fears it could impact the thousands of rugby fans heading to paris for saturday s world cup final between england and south africa . most international train services were still running , however .
any profits the spa makes will be returned to the colonial williamsburg foundation .
hundreds of hamas gunmen surrounded a fatah base in northern gaza near the jabalya refugee camp and launched an attack , palestinian security sources said .
the , additional troops deployed to iraq in january could come home by next july , but further american withdrawals would be premature , the u . s . commander there told a fractious congressional hearing monday .
her first entry into television came with the jane wyman show , an anthology series that appeared on nbc from to .
for the crispiest tempura in town , try one of the many branches of ten ichi .
reports suggest north korea is seeking large scale deliveries of heavy fuel oil in return for shutting down its yongbyon nuclear reactor .
a zimbabwe diplomat told cnn the delay in releasing the presidential results is simply to ensure every vote is counted .
in oman , authorities closed all operations at the port of sohar and evacuated the , workers , port spokesman dirk jan de vink said . watch flooded streets , damaged buildings in muscat
to raise people s awareness that adoption is another form of birth , the government will also allow two weeks of adoption leave from next year .
they landed in north korean waters .
a terrorist attack in a town near korean troops base in iraq killed at least people .
authorities closely monitor web site content in search for buzzwords such as taiwan , tibet and the banned spiritual group falun gong , web executives say .
oak grove school principal , morgan forness , says there is little that could ve been done to keep the water out of the buildings
aside from the , other north koreans are either already in the custody of the immigration office , or at the u . s .
i thought we of all people knew how important it was to give everyone a chance to have their voices heard and their votes counted .
fabio grosso scored the winning goal after france s david trezeguet missed .
i haven t seen so many smiles around this place for a long time , said project scientist ralph mcnutt . it s an incredibly upbeat , very happy situation . everybody s really enjoying this moment .
a cnn poll of polls on tuesday suggested clinton is in a position to pull off the victory over obama .
the us and china have also been part of the talks , which have been stalled for a year .
if you believe what you read , my personal safety could be in jeopardy .
ban comfortably beat shashi tharoor , the indian un undersecretary general for public information who came second .
prospective members must submit pictures and must be rated an or higher by people already in the club .
airlines must quote a total price for european tickets
there are in the united states each year , and people flock to them like religious zealots .
gabriele sandri , , was shot at a motorway service station near arezzo after police had intervened in skirmishes involving rival fans .
beijing has rich offerings when it comes to art , music , groovy boutiques and quiet temples .
the visit has prompted speculation that china is advocating market reforms for pyongyang and could also urge it to rejoin stalled nuclear negotiations .
lawmakers say they are making progress and hope to cut a deal over the weekend .
such occurrences are more indicative of a tipping point or trigger in the climate system , said sarah das , a scientist at the woods hole oceanographic institute .
the weather on earth could cause some problems
the united nations says many entities are trying to deal with the problem several u . n . agencies , afghan provincial authorities , the afghan national disaster management authority .
at least engines and firefighters were called in to tackle the height of the blaze in a disused warehouse in the east of the city .
terrorism analyst peter bergen told cnn that it is the u . s . military position that al qaeda forces are , in fact , operating out of pakistan , where they have built new training camps .
d was the next letter in line , so that was the name given to the compound .
on tuesday , the united nations formed a task force to look at the problem .
a meter surge in florida would leave the whole state covered except for a little plateau area , usery said .
the bureau is expected to announce in coming days the awarding of a billion , year contract to help create the database that will compile an array of biometric information from palm prints to eye scans .
kofic has slated films for release in the second half of , with the hd number remaining stable at .
the younger spears lives near liberty with aldridge , , and has been seen around the small south mississippi town often as her pregnancy became more apparent .
prosecutors have yet to conclude their investigation .
nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs .
meanwhile , as negotiations over korean hostages held by taliban terrorists have made little headway with two captives already being killed , the seoul government is desperately looking for the united states to help in the release of the remaining hostages by pushing the afghan government to free jailed taliban fighters .
in another step in the shift of defense responsibilities from the u . s . to the korean military , korean forces will take on the mission of countering long range north korean artillery fire this year , perhaps as soon as august , a military official has said .
therapists generally define sexless marriage as having sex less than about times a year , and they estimate in couples are in such a relationship .
down in the polls , sen . john mccain on monday called on pennsylvania to help him score an upset over sen . barack obama .
south korean stocks opened higher friday as bargain hunters scooped up blue chips following steep losses in the previous session , analysts said .
astro boy , another cartoon icon , was named last november as ambassador for overseas safety .
dubai , united arab emirates cnn a saudi blogger arrested in december could be freed soon , a spokesman for the kingdom s interior ministry said wednesday , but no details of any charges against him were released .
it could be the most consequential day so far in the race to the white house .
hundreds have registered their names already and are ready to go and we have hundreds more on the waiting list . each is anxious to be the first to be sent .
atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick faces criminal charges and a possible prison sentence for allegedly participating in an enterprise that trained pit bulls for death matches in which spectators bet on the outcome , federal prosecutors announced tuesday .
dubai cnn a court in dubai sentenced two men wednesday to years in prison for the rape and kidnapping of a year old french boy .
but for tech companies like apple charts , fortune no . , up a phenomenal places on the list , it s still a long way to the top .
it came days after the house approved a binding withdrawal deadline of august , .
however , the diet is being increasingly shunned by people who live in the med as the convenience of fast food gains popularity .
reuters reports bush gave mccain the red carpet treatment at the white house , a day after mccain sealed the republican presidential nomination with victories in four states .
about , now , as firefighters struggle to get ahead of a raging fire that s moving dangerously close to heavily populated parts of santa barbara .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
embattled illinois governor rod blagojevich loses another perk
second , treat organ donation as expected not heroic .
on friday , the contract settled at . a barrel , up cents .
how to afford childrens school tuition and health care costs robbed just three percent of sleep , the survey said .
the korea times reports chung dong young , chairman of the governing uri party thursday stepped down to take responsibility for uri s crushing defeat in the local elections which led to a landslide victory for the main opposition grand national party .
the korea herald reports the nation s consumer confidence index fell to a six month low in april , as fast rising crude oil prices and the strength of the local currency reduced optimism among consumers , a government report showed yesterday .
second seed rafael nadal has been crushed by argentine david nalbandian in the quarterfinals of the madrid masters .
about journalists from the korean sbs network are in baikonur to cover the flight .
the three days of rioting that followed left people dead and , injured .
we re live at the white house with ap correspondent sauger magoni .
the six refugees included four women , who allegedly said they were victims of sexual slavery or forced marriages .
at first i rejected it , but then i realized i have to do it .
campaign this week with a call for women to send their underwear to the myanmar embassy in ottawa .
a young man from utah asked , what makes you any different than other politicians ?
we will take it from somewhere else if we have to .
stockhausen was born in the village of moedrath near cologne in western germany on august , .
the european union welcomed gul s election , calling it a positive step in the country s campaign to join the bloc .
the agreement calls for the north to complete the disablement and declare all of its nuclear programs by the end of the year in return for additional energy aid and a lifting of sanctions by the united states .
james bond has two new bond girls .
a . m . et and was contained by a . m .
the powerful blast ripped the front off the shop and shattered car windows on the busy street outside .
south korean unification minister chung dong young said the issue would be discussed before the next round of talks , which is set to take place in november .
according to de telegraaf , the letter said madeleine was buried north of the road under branches and rocks , around six to seven meters off the road in a barren and deserted landscape .
he struck a familiar theme one he pressed during a nato defense ministers meeting this week , when he urged the allies to follow through on their promises to help secure and rebuild afghanistan .
al maliki s logic is for the government to do what it wants and the way it wants , said sheikh salah al obaidi , a top aide to al sadr .
the faded papers hint at stark details in the lives of nazi concentration camp inmates .
the rituals at mina commemorate abraham s stoning of satan , who is said to have appeared three times to the prophet to tempt him .
we often share ideas about politics , policy and language , patrick said in the statement .
atlanta , started rm auto international two years ago , hoping to meet the demand for american cars in lithuania .
this is an area which is near the city of mosul , which is again , also where insurgents remain active despite security gains in the rest of the country .
they agreed with white that the skulls age and appearance strongly support genetic evidence that modern humans arose in africa between , and , years ago and not at multiple locations in europe , africa and asia as some researchers suggest .
absent from mccain s remarks to california veterans was any mention of the new grim death toll released monday , u . s . troops in the war zone he just visited .
the prosecution will verify the truth through a fair probe .
san rafael , calif . based autodesk , with just over , employees worldwide , is about half the size of yahoo .
the security council s recommendation will then be passed on to the general assembly for endorsement .
even though the maker of the plane said a defective cover plate had to be replaced by the end of , mechanics failed to do so during a routine checkup , the air force said .
the undercarriage , left wing and left engine of the aircraft were severely damaged , as if it had skidded across the ground .
the prohibition of financial transactions and capital inflow is regarded as the most powerful punitive measure since it has been cited by pyongyang as one of the main reasons for boycotting six party talks and pressing ahead with its reported test of a nuclear device .
political parties are still run as top down organizations , although yoo and other reformists try to break what they call boss politics .
the poll of likely democratic caucus goers and likely republican caucus goers was taken friday through monday and has a margin of error of . percentage points for each party .
some people managed to safely flee , but the dead and injured had become trapped on a stairway as the building toppled , said ali karahan , chief of istanbul firefighter department .
in addition , the rate of breast cancer has doubled or tripled in countries like japan , singapore and korea , according to the report .
at winfrey s store , the real draw for some die hard winfrey fans is oprah s closet , a dark wooden armoire filled with clothes and shoes that winfrey herself once wore or kept in her own closet .
the european parliament has approved a damning report on secret cia flights , condemning member states which colluded in the operations .
the nine hour event began with blessings by native american shamans and ended with jolie valente , son of the late dino valente of quicksilver messenger service , singing his father s song get together .
ayurveda , an ancient hindu healing method , has seen a resurgence as india vies for a share of the lucrative asian medical tourism market by offering traditional massages and beauty treatments to wealthy tourists .
however , while calling for wide ranging reforms in the delivery of primary health care , the report notes that it isn t always a matter of government expenditures .
tanner has said that she saw the man walking away from the area of the mccann s apartment but at the time did not realize the relevance .
with the move by the united states we will also fulfill our action for action principle and resume the disabling of the yongbyon nuclear facilities and allow inspectors from the united states and the iaea international atomic energy agency to resume their responsibilities , the statement said .
kim , who works at a police station in yongsan said his coming out was involuntary after some fellow policemen read some private information he had saved on his computer .
unmin spokesman kieran dwyer said the helicopter was carrying u . n . staff from several countries , and their identities will be released tuesday after their families have been contacted .
the korea herald reports the two koreas yesterday touched up last minute preparations for the test run of the two cross border railways .
the lab used a technique aimed at detecting exogenous testosterone as opposed to the male sex hormone naturally contained in the body .
and the infectious enthusiasm of sommelier jon allen he ll pour you a taste of any of his wines by the glass .
in , pyongyang asked tokyo to return the crew of a north korean boat who had sought asylum in south korea after docking at a port in western japan , but tokyo allowed them to leave for the south via taiwan .
new york ap what caused much of broadway to go dark as contract negotiations between theater producers and striking musicians collapsed , silencing virtually every musical ?
oh wan su , a senior supervisor at the provincial education office , said , as soon as we conclude the investigation of the principals , teachers and students , those responsible will be heavily penalized .
tuxtla gutierrez , mexico cnn a donkey is doing time in southern mexico for assault and battery .
capital input and productivity , however , won t play a major role in reining growth potential , it said .
the beehive
ruling uri party chairman shin ki nam will likely bow to intense pressure from his fellow and opposition lawmakers to step down after he confessed to his father s pro japanese activities before korea s liberation .
the initial quake knocked down buildings , caused landslides , and cut power , water and transportation lines .
larijani told a news conference in tehran
. not learning from your mistakes
at the beginning of world war ii , as the nazis tightened their grip on europe , the u . s . government allowed millions of jews to resettle from their homes in poland and russia to southeastern alaska , along the panhandle .
it represented a percent rise from last year s figure of . billion , while sales rose percent to billion .
coroners estimate the woman s remains had been there since , when she stopped making payments on the house in the coastal town of roses in the northeast catalonia region .
his label , chess records , is a midwestern precursor to sun records , located behind a storefront with rotating vinyl logo on chicago s south side .
the student s identity was not revealed .
hoare won pound million , which at the time was worth about million .
an anonymous letter claiming year old madeleine mccann s body is buried under rocks in deserted scrubland was sent to newspaper de telegraaf and passed on to the portuguese policia judiciaria .
thaksin was deposed in a military coup on september , and is currently living in exile in london .
one nifty device that does support sdhc , as well as three other memory card formats , is the ultra portable pocketcinema v projector with stereo speakers .
this release could be a new start , a break in the ice and the release has been well propelled forward by chavez , said stone . the important thing is that we build momentum so everyone can be released .
police are also trying to track down a red vehicle that was at the scene .
dan rather filed a million lawsuit wednesday against cbs , alleging the network made him a scapegoat for a discredited story about president bush s national guard service .
of the housing and financial markets , he said , the whole system became inebriated .
she would only give her family name , liu .
and as this technology advances , so do people s concerns over its true effectiveness .
in his letter of resignation published in the newspaper , he cited his critical health condition and said , it would be a betrayal to my conscience to accept a responsibility requiring more mobility and dedication than i am physically able to offer .
and the store did not say why al fayed was questioned , other than he attended an interview with police to categorically refute an allegation widely reported in the media .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said the capture was an act of war , but hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah insisted the two would only be returned via talks .
saddam hussein told do not blame no one else .
he spoke shortly after the leader of the key opposition party conceded defeat in an election that focused on immigration , welfare and taxes .
i use an oreck xl .
believe me , we feel bad for everybody out there , said token booth clerk patrick jarvine , who was working late sunday at the times square station .
singing u gave a private concert in the , seat somerville theater last night .
the facilities include a five megawatt nuclear reactor , a reprocessing plant and a fuel rod fabrication plant all located in yongbyon .
the vice president decides when we go to war
villagers say no babies have been injured during the ritual , which is practiced by muslims and hindus in musti village in the district of solapur , in the state of maharashtra .
he suggested information exchange centers in moscow and possibly brussels as a way to strengthen the washington moscow national security relationship .
but a later internet message today said the first message didn t come from zarqawi s group .
campbell had been teaching english at the divine word college in albay province s legazpi city , southeast of manila , since october .
digg . com , one of the most popular sites on the web , is bracing for a possible legal battle over refusing to remove stories containing a single digit code that lets people crack hd dvd copyright protection .
you know the moment it happened i was kind of in that space of , wow , this is a , you don t know , you just really don t know what s given and what s not given , he said .
two people were discharged from meriter park hospital after treatment for minor injuries , spokeswoman mae knowles said .
the country said it was stopping dialogue after south korea failed to apologize for remarks one of its generals made this week .
it was conducting antiterrorism operations in nine other west bank towns , including ramallah and bethlehem .
our greater concern would be if the elections are postponed indefinitely , he said .
it s a great fantasy and it happened . it s bigger than fiction , said stone .
stone and bush started their freshman years at yale university together , but stone said he didn t graduate with bush because he went to vietnam .
federal prosecutor monika harms said the three had trained at camps in pakistan and procured some kg , lbs of chemicals for explosives .
baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber killed at least people and wounded thursday by setting off an explosive vest in a crowd mourning the deaths of two sons of a sunni arab tribal leader , the iraqi military said .
tourists fly to lukla and trek to the everest base camp at about , feet , meters
meanwhile , investigators searched wednesday for two men who were allowed to jump off the shortly before it erupted into flames , police said .
falwell is survived by his wife , three children and eight grandchildren .
you can t always believe the pundits and prognosticators .
church rules say that the holy synod should set a date for the election of an archbishop within days of a leader s death .
the agency s spokeswoman , melissa fleming , said that its board of governors generally saw the accord as a breakthrough in efforts to end the standoff .
you also don t risk being woken by a neighbor clambering past to get to the toilet .
mark lacroix , who lives on the th floor of an apartment building near the bridge , told cnn he saw the last seconds of the collapse .
the party s defeat is also expected to ignite intra party and bi partisan debates on the possible regrouping of politicians late this year ahead of the presidential election slated for december next year , political observers said .
in a news conference reilly said , continued investment in research and development is required for korea to stay ahead of china .
the military detained the lawmaker , nayyes jassem mohammed , on saturday in salaheddin province , iraqi provincial officials said .
south koreans se ri pak , mi hyun kim and hee won han have been tearing up the tour .
many obliged , shuttering shops or rushing home from work , and surrendering the streets to protesters who set fire to banks , shops , gas stations and more , pakistani media reported .
chelsea had to come from behind at the mestalla stadium , where david villa put valencia ahead in just the ninth minute .
it s everything you can wish for , and it s over in a flash , mirren said from the red carpet .
they include aristotle , socrates , locke , rousseau , darwin , marx , freud and thomas jefferson , who famously counted the pursuit of happiness as an unalienable right in the declaration of independence .
she says markova got the coat back on february .
the office of iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki blamed sunni extremists for the monstrous crime .
early exits polls indicated obama scored big with new democratic voters in the state while clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the final days of campaigning .
the colombian government estimates farc is holding around hostages .
keeping up with the rising cost of living and credit card debt were top concerns preventing people from falling asleep , according to the results from compsych corporation , which surveyed employees of companies it serves .
although ruddock would not disclose his nationality , he did say the man was not an australian .
the country will apply stricter standards to achieve its goals , he said .
separately , we are discussing a memorandum of understanding with libya but that would not affect this case , he added .
up to half a million people have camped out in the southern city for nearly a week , hoping to get home for the holiday .
the ruling is a victory for secularists who fear the country is moving toward islamic rule that would undermine their western way of life .
they have openly said so , said kim mi gyong , a guide at the victorious fatherland liberation war museum in the north korean capital pyongyang which commemorates the korean war .
seoul , south korea cnn a south korean abducted more than years ago has reportedly escaped from north korea .
yet it is at home where the trend has been most pronounced , and where the process could go into reverse if a rule demanding a set number of korean language films be shown is dropped under a planned free trade deal with the united states .
television series , also makes the cut .
miami beach , florida based aey inc . is under criminal investigation by the government for allegedly misrepresenting what the company was providing the afghan security forces .
park se ri , who started the day in the third place , tumbled all the way to th after a disastrous over and shots for the tournament .
economic growth appears to have been moderate during the first half of this year , despite the ongoing adjustment in the housing sector , the fed said . the economy seems likely to continue to expand at a moderate pace over coming quarters .
protesters broke into the us compound and briefly set part of the embassy alight .
he added that while the country has a growing middle class , it does not have the spending power of japan .
german billionaire adolf merckle , one of the richest men in the world , committed suicide monday after his business empire got into trouble in the wake of the international financial crisis , merckle s family said tuesday in a statement .
it was agonizing , i pulled it from one side , but it would come back on the other .
but hickel was unfazed in his speech , saying the route would unlock hitherto untapped natural resources
the blasts were so strong six houses and several shops were damaged .
tristan albatrosses are one of species of albatross in the world .
crucially , it could mean that such research is no longer dependent on using cells from human embryos , which has proved highly controversial .
the beijing city government stopped giving out new rickshaw licenses a few years ago , so most are illegal but police generally turn a blind eye especially if a foreigner is on board .
but they were able to identify some dna from the original animal , and paabo and his colleagues were able to determine how it broke down over time .
the new round of six nation talks on dismantling north korea s nuclear program beginning next week will recess during the apec summit , a foreign ministry official said yesterday .
i m proud to be standing here not just with these women , but with all of you different races , different age groups i m sure , democrats and independents alike because you believe , she said .
rapid population growth has put enormous pressure on agricultural systems that have been pushed towards unsustainable farming practices in order to cope with demand .
his national front coalition won of the seats at stake , or less than percent , the election commission announced in releasing preliminary results , according to state news agency bernama .
but until this measure is approved and becomes law , the judges have the independence not to pay heed to the recommendations of the judiciary chief , jamshidi said .
obama was happy to talk about workouts and how it s too cold for basketball outside .
police said about , demonstrators were in the streets in cities across the nation .
former vice president al gore endorsed democratic presidential candidate barack obama on monday , urging americans to reject what he called the bush administration s legacy of incompetence , negligence and failure .
obama also said he would repeal the bush tax cuts for the wealthiest percent of americans .
president roh moo hyun yesterday replaced the ministers of trade , justice , agriculture , and information and technology as part of a partial cabinet reshuffle .
but most of those planes are relatively small , in the short haul category of a learjet
broadcasters argue that they re only giving people what they want .
if the plate is approved , florida would become the first state to have a license plate featuring a religious symbol that s not part of a college logo .
in one of the most detailed accounts yet of monday s assassination attempt , a guard described how he killed fugitive rebel commander alfredo reinado before the president returned from an early morning walk on the beach .
however , charles s wife camilla stayed away .
the theory is that light hits the blood vessels behind the knee , which kicks off a chemical process that resets the brain s clock .
courjault voluntarily provided the samples when he was questioned after reporting the discovery of the bodies in his balcony freezer .
but none of them concede that their midlife musings and second guessing ever actually escalated into a crisis .
ap auto writer tom krisher in detroit on the news that s breaking just one day after chrysler informed dealers they re being let go , and this isn t the end of it
its earliest parts were built in the second century b . c . by the emperor qinshi huangdi , who connected existing battlements as he conquered his rivals and created the first unitary chinese state .
after being sworn in as your duly elected president of kenya , i will personally lead our country in promoting unity , tolerance , peace , and harmony among kenyans .
although the cult members are exchanging letters with kuznetsov , they are mistrustful of his intervention because they believe he is acting under the influence of the russian government , guseynov said .
this is the best publicized secret base in the
the body of bbc broadcaster alistair cooke , who died aged in , was among those used in the racket .
joining obama in the midst of the candidate s two week swing through the nation to talk about his plans to revitalize the economy , gore praised obama as someone who could mobilize people , young and old , who had never before taken part in politics .
he told xinhua he blindly followed them .
since the dialogue between the two koreas isn t working well , i can do my part to resolve the current stalemate in the relationship , kim said in an interview with mbc radio .
abu ghraib prison abuse prisoners as the way of dealing with enemy .
the cause of the crash is under investigation .
those fires threaten more than , homes .
monitoring equipment confirmed an eruption , but authorities do not know whether it has produced a column of smoke or spilled lava , marta cavache , an official with the colombian institute of geology and mining , told the radio station .
the boeing passenger plane had flown from taipei to naha , okinawa s capital , with passengers on board , public broadcaster nhk said . an engine caught fire three minutes after the plane landed , nhk said .
reagan will remain hospitalized for a few days until doctors are satisfied with her progress , drake said .
in what is considered retaliation , china has now banned imports of pork from several us suppliers .
he said if militants stopped firing rockets , then israel will immediately hold its fire , so there is no need for negotiations .
the pro opposition korea times quoted an expert on diplomatic and north korean affairs in seoul as saying the minister s remarks reflect his negative view toward the communist north .
frances pavick of atlantic highlands , n . j . , calls brady s unconventional approach a miracle .
the xinhua report on the monks arrests said the men used a homemade bomb , then ran away from the scene .
new york cnn an abyssinian cat from missouri , named cinnamon , has just made scientific history .
i m confident that at the end of the day i will be properly exonerated .
a billion reduction sounds like a lot , until you realize it s only one half of one percent of the total spending package
korean deep sea fishing vessels threatened in the persian gulf .
troops made an attempt to open a third front in the wanni region by advancing south , army officials said .
i m sure that having the option of euthanasia actually gives people the courage to go on day after day .
they shouldn t be suspicious . underage gymnasts have been a problem since the s , when the minimum age was raised from to to protect young athletes from serious injuries .
relations between president roh moo hyun and the governing uri party were aggravated by roh s contentious nomination for the post of constitutional court chief , and following his withdrawal of the nomination , both sides seem to be preparing to bid each other farewell .
plame s identity as a cia operative was exposed in july after wilson publicly challenged a key argument in the bush administration s case for the invasion of iraq .
the large chinese and indian minorities have become increasingly angry .
sharks are the top predator in the ocean and are vital to its ecosystem .
london , england cnn women can influence the gender of their child with what they eat before they conceive , according to new research that lends scientific support to age old superstitions about pregnancy .
siddique added that even though music was repressed , it wasn t forgotten .
with votes still being counted , former new york mayor rudy giuliani who has staked his bid for the party nomination on florida was trailing in third .
he said , now we have released the two women as a gesture of goodwill following demands from the international community and human rights organizations , the afghan government should also now fulfill its responsibility and accept the taliban s demand for the release of their prisoners .
yongi kongju in south chungchon province was picked as new administrative capital .
the plan is for students to devise mini greenhouses like the two she left behind at the international space station .
the inch by inch device runs microsoft windows xp on a processor of up to gigahertz .
a significant equipment failure at a substation west of miami triggered tuesday afternoon s blackouts around southern florida , affecting , customers , a florida power light official said .
seattle cnn amazon . com said wednesday its holiday season was its strongest to date , with nintendo wii game systems and the harry potter and the order of the phoenix dvd among its top selling products .
emergency teams have once again begun evacuating residents of the flood hit city of new orleans as a new hurricane heads towards the us coast .
qayyum said government legal experts were finalizing the changes and that they would be announced before musharraf lifts the emergency on saturday , but provided no details .
between , and , videos and reels in vaults were damaged , said ron meyer , chief operating officer of universal studios , the associated press reported .
of americans support pullout of us troops stationed in korea .
meanwhile , in southern iraq , allied forces rained artillery and rockets on iraq forces and crossed the border from kuwait .
the meat which experts say is safe to eat if cooked and hides were distributed to native american groups .
we had good pace , moved the ball around very well , created a lot of chances and thoroughly got what we deserved tonight , said derby manager billy davies .
the us , the eu and the iaea have called on tehran to return to negotiations on its nuclear program . the eu and washington want iran to abandon its scheme , which they suspect is a cover for a nuclear weapons program .
so it is at sears , which has shed , people during the s , as more and more of its customers have migrated to new competitors like wal mart .
if the bush administration had hopes that cracking down on north korea s illicit money laundering activities in macau last fall would bring pyongyang back to the nuclear negotiating table , kim jong il dashed them once and for all with his field trip to china , he said .
president roh said n . k . could have a right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
in recent weeks human rights groups and a number of hollywood personalities , including steven spielberg , have stepped up criticism of china s record .
she suggests clearing the therapy with a doctor , even before heading out for that massage .
we are going to create a new and simpler tax system and give the american people a choice .
it classifies the ganges river dolphin as an endangered species .
afghan president hamid karzai has issued a decree asking the country s election commission to set a new date for the country s presidential election .
she will face no . justine henin in the quarterfinals at a third consecutive major , having lost to her at the french open and wimbledon .
the pressure is growing on zimbabwe s president to step down
all but one of the states that perform executions use the three drug mixture .
the faa is taking action against southwest airlines for a failing to follow rules that are designed to protect passengers and crew , said nicholas a . sabatini , the faa s associate administrator for aviation safety , in a written statement .
hamid karzai said misguided policy objectives of unnamed countries or organizations were continuing to fuel violence in afghanistan , although he was confident al qaeda chief osama bin laden was no longer within its borders .
london , england cnn british airways has apologized to passengers after a report revealed the airline lost more luggage than all other major european airlines last year .
asked if she thinks she s the best fit , kennedy told the times , well , i wouldn t be here if i didn t think i would be the best .
drug maker is buying a key rival pfizer paying billion for wyeth , and that tells traders deals can get done in a recession .
the vote is expected late today .
north korea demanded yesterday that south korea halt its joint military drills with the united states .
during his seven scheduled hours in albania , bush was spared the sort of protests that greeted his visits to germany and italy .
in early trading monday , the dow dropped . to , a fall of . percent , but managed to just claw into positive territory by the end of the day by . points or . percent .
i don t know .
singapore , thailand , malaysia and indonesia
guseinov said specially trained negotiators have arrived on the scene to talk with the cult members .
well , that s unless you screw up and then it s going to be , what s up with the half white guy , huh ?
since my visit to north korea should coincide with the national consensus , i will change the schedule to june and coordinate the plan with the government .
prosecutors said they are searching for a man who broke into open safety deposit boxes in an abm amro bank in the city s diamond quarter .
but japan believes they and others could still be alive in the north .
most of the european forces , nato forces , are not trained in counterinsurgency .
christopher hill , the chief american nuclear negotiator , said earlier saturday that he planned to brief kim on the issue in working groups .
they join a bridge club .
it predicted that the billion bilateral trade volume between korea and the us would expand significantly under the fta .
. not sending a thank you note
she said the president s eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
obama calls on illinois governor to resign
music blared and the crowd of , stood and cheered .
the attack set off a wave of sectarian violence between shiites and sunnis , who were suspected of perpetrating the attack .
officials say one of ten children is still in the hospital in littlerock after drinking windshield wiper fluid .
yoo is releasing his seventh album rebirth of ysj in asian countries , including china , hong kong , taiwan and mongolia , this month .
even as i said it , i realized i had misspoken , obama said .
he said drug traffickers have contributed to the increase by pushing other bands of criminals into new lines of business .
zeckhausen s goal is to help the mothers be effective role models , especially when it comes to eating .
a chinese ministry of public security official said the suspects have confessed to two arson incidents that killed people in the tibetan capital of lhasa , according to the state run news agency xinhua .
current law stipulates that a company pay three times more than the normal registration tax if it buys real estate in seoul in the first five years after its incorporation .
i don t think parliament will accept having people like him or others currently in the parliament .
the home side added a second six minutes after the break when defender claudio cacapa was left unmarked to powerfully head home emre s well taken corner .
tours of duty for members of the u . s . army will be extended from months to months effective immediately , defense secretary robert gates announced wednesday .
i have not gone public with the names because i do not want to have an adversarial position with general musharraf .
the report of the blast in kabul came on the same day that a coalition soldier was killed in afghanistan s south , the u . s . military said .
less than . percent between abstainers and heavy drinkers .
but ko was replaced by yi in march after russian officials accused him of the unauthorized removal of technical manuals from the star city cosmonaut training center near moscow .
it was unclear where the bomb was placed .
the plan is viewed as a way to raise farmers incomes , promote big farming and speed up urbanization .
researchers in china , meanwhile , are working with rabbits as surrogates for cloned pandas , which are about the size of a stick of butter when they re born .
california attorney general jerry brown has asked the state supreme court to overturn voter approved proposition h , which bars gay marriage .
barclay , , was told about the wedding earlier in the year and assumed it was to take place in .
we re talking about or people in each camp .
the institute released a paper on the european union s stance on human rights issues in the north and pyongyang s reaction to the outside pressure .
the usgs classifies earthquakes of magnitude . to magnitude . as light .
it s a miracle , really a miracle to find it alive after all this time , the town governor of ghardaia , yahia fahim , told national radio .
the heart stopping encounter with an irritated elephant occurred barely minutes after we had driven into the corbett national park india s finest tiger reserve in the foothills of the himalayas in search of the big cats .
snl has even added a thursday night weekend update special to capitalize on the increased audience .
beijing is believed to have high hopes that a ma victory in the presidential elections would help lead the way to eventual reunification of the rivals , which split amid civil war in .
her editor gave her a camera because she wanted to cover the operation , vincent said , but she was also sympathetic to the association as she wanted to host one of the kids .
hours later , a sunni was shot dead elsewhere in the city .
child soldiers were on the agenda for a u . n . security council working committee friday .
i was up there , laughing my butt off , so
this is the latest in a series of rallies accusing thaksin of abuse of power .
it is the third case in british columbia in the last three years .
farmers , for example , have increased their incomes and more people have been able to remain on the land because of improved crop varieties , irrigation , fertilizers and pesticides which have increased the yields of farm lands .
while in europe , paris is leading the skyscraper revolution
he expressed optimism that countries involved in the nuclear talks can be more flexible and reach a compromise over the issue .
writer director jeffrey blitz spellbound isn t going to win any prizes for originality , even if it s true that this plaintive comedy about a stammerer recruited onto the debate team is based on personal experience .
australian prime minister john howard has announced that he will contest elections for a fifth term in office .
the runoff election pits incumbent ken cockrel jr .
in october , raw materials jumped . percent year on year in the aftermath of the won s plunge during the asian financial crisis .
cerberus chairman john snow said cerberus plans to keep chrysler s management team in place and give it the freedom to implement its restructuring plan .
doctors and nurses treated the injured in a large tent .
with a side built around the mercurial skills of the brazilian playmaker kaka , the good cop bad cop midfield partnership of andrea pirlo and gennaro gattuso and a wily , experienced defence marshalled by alessando nesta and maldini , milan always had the quality on paper to compete with the best .
the supreme public prosecutors office acknowledged the yesterday that it is developing a system that could track criminal suspects by their internet protocol , or ip , addresses , but said it would not be used for round the clock monitoring of certain web sites .
bread , the stooges , carly simon , queen and many other artists graced by the distinctive e logo .
elections are scheduled sometime around the turn of the year after musharraf s term as president expires , as well as his army chief position .
in , the number of flights for carriers of the eu and korea will increase to each .
john musker and ron clements , who co directed the little mermaid , aladdin , and hercules will co direct the movie .
at least , homes and other buildings have been destroyed .
their arraignments have now been rescheduled for may th .
the dow jones industrial average plummeted points on wednesday due to credit market fears the fifth largest decline this year .
opposition parties say the current caretaker administration is biased and the elections will be rigged in favor of the pro musharraf ruling party allegations musharraf denies .
compared with a , ton yield for the hiroshima atomic bomb .
william hazzard , a professor of medicine at university of washington in seattle .
afghan officials said the operation is not linked to rescuing the hostages .
a group of whales that became stranded on a remote coastline in southern australia were battered to death on rocks before rescuers could save them .
no topics outside of iraq were discussed , he said .
in an interview with norwegian broadcaster nrk , he said he would not make a fresh bid for the white house .
lee was the first south korean fisherman in the north to return home .
taiwan has marked its national day with a military parade for the first time in years , in a show of strength apparently aimed at china . fighter planes flew above the capital , taipei , and , troops showed off military hardware through the city .
to say that siena and florence have always been competitive is an understatement .
it will be something no one else has done before .
george was brave he took them on and he s not even a foot high , gay told the associated press .
he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said .
it added , we declare that we will not be bound to the cease fire treaty .
endeavour s seven crew members include teacher astronaut barbara morgan , who trained
some environmental groups are wary of some of the climate change caveats to the decision , saying it weakens protection for the animals .
in what appeared to be a move of political desperation the main opposition grand national party elected rep .
you have a real choice in this election .
yuriy lutsenko , the leader of yushchenko s party , said it was ready to back tymoshenko as prime minister after the coalition is formed .
photographs of adolf hitler taken by a british secret agent just before the start of world war ii were published on thursday .
undersecretary general radhika coomaraswamy told the u . n . security council this week that in addition to being pressed into service , children in several countries are also killed , maimed , abducted and raped and denied access to humanitarian groups .
a lebanese lawmaker from the hezbollah party called for an investigation into the killings but also urged protesters to return home .
lee and kim co founded lk e bank in .
the shooter was holding as many as people hostage inside the church when officers arrived , authorities said .
his attacker was not detained .
however , washington and the afghan government have officially ruled out a prisoner swap despite calls by seoul to be more flexible .
the year old is suspected of ordering jeong in hun , a jongno councilwoman , to gather as many voters as possible and compile a list of former uri party members and personal information about them needed for the registrations .
why is steve jobs so sickly thin ?
when asked at primary school what my father did , i was unable to find an answer .
the awards are voted for by the head coaches and captains of all countries .
a ministry spokesman , general mohammad zahir azimi , told afp that this was ahead of a routine operation which will launchin coming weeks .
again , the scientists performed mri s while these students looked at photos of the objects of their affection .
china has said that only people have been killed during the protests , and that all were innocent and killed by rioters in lhasa .
atlanta , georgia cnn an iranian american woman detained in tehran is being held illegally and has been repeatedly denied access to an attorney , iranian nobel peace prize winner shirin ebadi told cnn on friday .
attendants , wearing moss logo t shirts , handed out color coded armbands to hundreds of the faithful in a line that looped around the store s corner .
we are all going to die here , nyunt said . but not because of the cyclone . we will die because we have no food .
she says she reads the local papers , usa today and the new york times .
witnesses and victims have said in some regions gangs of men are terrorizing people with machetes .
the area is traditionally one of the world s major sources of opium and its derivative , heroin .
the korea herald reports brothel owners and prostitutes face prison sentences of up to seven years and heavy fines , while pimps can be jailed for up to years .
in it , a hand squeezes a display that is . millimeters , or . inch , thick .
in , eto was forced to resign his cabinet post as minister for coordination after saying japan did some good things when it ruled korea as a colony between and .
as described by a newsweek reporter with special access while working on a post campaign special , workers in obama s headquarters first detected what they thought was a computer virus that was trying to obtain users personal information .
a report by a fact finding commission headed by former supreme court justice jose melo also found the military complicit in the deaths .
zane tapped into a market that craves her honest , unvarnished perspective on sexuality .
the taliban could not be reached for comment about the fate of the captives and about the reported talks and extension of the ultimatum .
nineteen u . s . troops were killed in iraq in may , the fewest killed in any month since the war started .
pakistani and afghan political and tribal leaders say they want to open a dialogue with taliban insurgents .
every one of them should fill out a donor card .
it will be early in the parliamentary term , rudd told reporters in brisbane .
according to the lead author , dr . paul ridker of the brigham and women s hospital in boston , massachusetts , the pharmaceutical company had no input in the study s design and didn t see the final data analysis until the study was submitted for publication .
gunshots could be heard , but the origins were unclear .
so far this year , hillary clinton has maintained an edge among roman catholics , many of them the hispanic and working class white voters who have been among the most loyal members of her base .
on monday , the national assembly failed to approve bills aimed at reforming the deficit ridden pension fund .
watson , , told police his new bride appeared to panic feet underwater and that he looked into her eyes and saw her eyes were wide open but there was no response , townsville coroner glascow said in his inquest findings .
he boarded a flight to los angeles soon afterward , police said .
the netherlands is depicted as a submerged land with only minarets peeking through the waves in an apparent reference to its religious tensions .
in the second case , two males were detained for setting fire to a motorcycle shop on march , which resulted in five deaths including an month old boy and his parents , according to xinhua .
he later admitted to being chester stiles .
why do you come to the academy awards when the world is in such turmoil , kidman said .
on north korea , bush is embracing lee s get tough rhetoric against its communist neighbor .
it happened just five days after lohan was booked in connection with a may drunken driving charge
in , mrs johnson had a stroke that affected her speech .
south korea blames dozens of deaths every year on the storms , mostly of elderly people and those with respiratory problems .
mccain s campaign has said it is buoyed by its internal numbers not showing up in public polling .
with over billion in revenue for the first half of our fiscal year , we have strong momentum to launch some terrific new products in the coming quarters , jobs said in a statement .
japanese diplomats told hills that one of the defamatory aspects of his book was his claim that masako s daughter , princess aiko , was conceived by in vitro fertilization , kyodo said .
with preparations under way for next month s summit meeting both countries are eager to prevent the issue scuppering the recent improvement in sino u . s . ties .
using a scalpel to cut off the tumor would also have been dangerous as the patient s tumor was attached to an important vein .
a united nations disaster assessment and coordination team is on stand by to assist the government in responding to humanitarian needs if required , the statement said .
a former police officer accused in the videotaped beating of a man in the french quarter after hurricane katrina was acquitted tuesday by a judge who heard the case without a jury .
even as recently as the th century most of the sea shanties referred to them as she and i recall in my youth ships owners always telling stories about why a ship was like a woman .
but much remains to be done , she cautioned .
a year old japanese woman whose sudden divorce in a virtual game world made her so angry that she killed her online husband s digital persona has been arrested on suspicion of hacking , police said thursday .
she smiled for the cameras as her boyfriend , industrialist jason winters , wheeled her into the theater .
palm sunday commemorates jesus christ s triumphant entry into jerusalem , and is the start of the church s holy week , which includes the good friday re enactment of christ s crucifixion and death and his resurrection on easter sunday .
brooklyn district attorney charles haynes said the scam was like something out of a cheap horror movie .
we need a bit of confidence and a bit of clarity to come back into the financial sector now .
about of respondents to a mainichi newspaper survey said the next premier should not visit the shrine .
we re in good shape , bouloux assures his patient .
shim s narrow three story museum exhibits hundreds of erotic artifacts , from indian carvings and tibetan statutes to chinese folding screens and korean paintings .
it includes rooms thought to have held mummies and idols , lead archaeologist oscar rodriguez told the associated press .
chapel hill , north carolina cnn democratic presidential candidate john edwards said thursday his wife s cancer has returned but his bid for the white house will continue .
to find your hidden money , go to http www . missingmoney . com , an official database for the naupa that has records from most state unclaimed property programs .
near where he lives in gujarat , one of the most prosperous states in india , thousands of rural villages lack electricity or struggle with an intermittent supply at best .
that s the ap s robert reed .
they said the animals also were able to direct the arm around obstacles to ensure safe delivery of the food , which included small items such as grapes and marshmallows .
that lifted morgan stanley no . , merrill lynch no . , and goldman sachs no . into the top for the first time .
david beckham has been recalled to the england squad and is set to win his th cap in the prestige friendly international against france next wednesday .
it traces what the great thinkers of western philosophy have thought about happiness .
attendees here remained curious about what news apple will announce at tuesday morning s keynote , scheduled to be delivered by apple vice president philip schiller .
the report also estimates about million workers around the world have jobs , but they are not paid enough money .
one day i say , if i can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , i will have definitively the proof that originally leonardo da vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , said cotte .
he s the guy who s weakened us . he s the guy that s increased the number of terrorists in the world . his policies have produced this vulnerability the united states has .
i think we should be more sensible , he said .
the game will be played in philadelphia , weather permitting
richard shelby , the top republican on the banking committee , tells fox news sunday
a record that i m going to continue to defend , because i think it s a good strong record .
george w bush attended the ceremony in washington , the first time a sitting us president has appeared in public with the exiled tibetan leader .
the unnamed male calf was born to a dolphin named jade , who is being helped in her nursing duties by the mother daughter team of chesapeake and shiloh , the aquarium said in a statement issued tuesday to announce the birth .
i heard people shouting and crying from the interrogation room and then i saw an army medical surgeon carrying people away , said the woman .
robotics technology developed by german company tronical gmbh in partnership with gibson guitar corp . enables gibson s newest les paul model to tune itself in about two seconds .
said it targeted a group of armed men who were linked to a location from where a qassam rocket had been fired earlier .
if the data on the copier s disk aren t protected with encryption or an overwrite mechanism , and if someone with malicious motives gets access to the machine , industry experts say sensitive information from original documents could get into the wrong hands .
devastating floods are believed to have destroyed up to percent of the north s farmland , south korean officials said .
some of the myanmar migrants flee their country to escape armed conflicts between ethnic minority rebels and the myanmar army , and others for lack of economic opportunity in their impoverished country , one of the poorest in asia .
she was his fourth wife and the couple had no children .
president barack obama has called a summit to get some ideas today , and associated press correspondent mark smith is live at the white house to tell us about it
the man described as a sole surviving gunman from last month s deadly attack on mumbai , india , has asked pakistani official to send legal help .
thank you , mark smith , live at the white house .
president bush endorsed sen . john mccain for president on wednesday , saying the presumptive republican nominee has the character , courage and perseverance to lead the country .
on new year s eve , tokyoites head to their neighborhood temples to hear the temple bells chime at midnight .
a broker helped more than chinese nationals get fake high school diplomas , then register and pay for college classes they never took , the seoul immigration office said yesterday .
louisville fire spokesman salvador menendez says they expect to find even more people killed , or sent to hospitals by portable generators
people couldn t park their cars in the portico where you had to go through a metal detector , he said , explaining one of the measures .
jay leno on nbc tonight .
men serve a mandatory month military service during which dozens of soldiers sleep on the same floor .
the court in chad also sentenced two people from chad and sudan to four years in prison .
canadian niagara hotels charged the three with trespassing at their sheraton on the falls property during a september , , protest .
it s like , that guy s a knucklehead . . . a terrible , horrible really bad knucklehead .
waterloo , ontario based rim didn t announce a price for the bold , nor agreements with specific carriers . it said the phone would be available from various carriers this summer .
globo tv showed footage of the dead snake , which weighed about pounds kilograms .
u . s . embassy spokeswoman mirembe natango told cnn by telephone that the iraqi u . s . joint commission met and is proceeding with its work on the matter .
south korea and the united states have agreed to deploy an infantry brigade of about , infantrymen stationed here to iraq , officials said on monday .
we believe that the boycott doesn t solve anything , jacques rogge told reporters saturday on this caribbean island .
the beauty of the system is it needs very little energy to go around rocks , so unless you re landing on a surface that looks like a bed of nails , it should be fine , bruhn says .
trafficking is the movement of women from one place to another for the purposes of sex .
as soon as it hit , it exploded into flames , a witness told cnn affiliate wesh news .
even the very modern buildings around the central plaza are totally destroyed , vallejos said , calling pisco a city in crisis .
martin luther king first made his way into my consciousness around , his was not a flattering image .
chelsea had been expected to start in style even though they lacked the liked of injured frank lampard and didier drogba , but the norwegians had different ideas .
they included anti aircraft weapons , sniper rifles , more than machine guns and pistols , grenades and a surface to air missile launcher and platform , the statement said .
salem is accused of involvement in the mumbai bomb blasts in which killed people and is currently facing trial over the attacks .
perhaps his best known work concerned capturing the dna of dinosaurs and bringing them to life on a modern island , where they soon run amok
abe had been facing growing calls to quit since his party lost upper house elections in july , and opinion polls showed he was increasingly unpopular .
, vershbow said that north korea is a criminal regime and the u . s . cannot remove sanctions as a political gesture when the regime is engaging in dangerous activities such as weapons exports to other rogue states .
one of them picked up the land mine hidden under the ground and then they gathered , abdulkadir told the associated press . another child took it and threw it against a wall and it went off .
some scientists for decades have advanced the hypothesis that millions of years ago , human ancestors began walking upright because it used less energy than quadrupedal walking , gaining advantages in things like food foraging .
to help banks gain access to capital , to strengthen the financial system , and to unfreeze credit markets , and restore confidence in our financial system .
the arrest by communist chinese police of a group of north korean refugees in beijing led to a scuffle with south korean diplomats and prompted the foreign ministry to file a protest over the incident .
but rooney s arrival led to a frenzied spell of six goals in minutes , the england striker netting either side of a darren fletcher effort as the european champions kept spirited gamba resistance at bay .
dropped to in the october december period from a five year high of in the preceding quarter .
although we don t have a good explanation for it , children seem to grow fastest in the summer and slowest in the fall , says joseph gigante , m . d . , associate professor of pediatrics at vanderbilt children s hospital in nashville .
we called local authorities in ternate and coastal areas to warn them of a potential tsunami , said fauzi , a seismologist who goes by only one name , adding that it turned out to be a false alarm .
a hospital in a town near the epicenter was also reported damaged , and some wings have had to be evacuated , he said .
london , england cnn britain s queen elizabeth ii opened the country s parliament tuesday in a traditional ceremony .
the findings , to be published in the may issue of the journal of sexual medicine , strike at the notion that endurance is the key to a great sex life .
terrie light stands outside oakland s stunning new modern cathedral in a first of its kind garden that honors victims of clergy sexual abuse .
cnn has projected that hillary clinton will win big in puerto rico .
normal weight people typically underreport too , but by about .
two teenage girls in western australia have been sentenced to life in prison for killing a friend to see whether they would feel remorse at the deed .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni has met the palestinian prime minister , salam fayyad , for the first time since he took office last month .
in an interview on cbs face the nation , obama talked about the changes that are taking place in the way the war is being fought in afghanistan , and in helping pakistan to defeat the extremists who are a threat to that country s stability .
russian president vladimir putin has said he believes relations with britain will develop normally despite what he called a mini crisis after tit for tat diplomatic expulsions condemned by london as completely unjustified .
the authors found fewer deaths per year after a tax hike and fewer deaths per year after a increase .
i believe him to be honest .
as of p . m . sunday , turnout was running percentage points below the turnout of .
two years ago , of the top billionaires were from the united states . this year , there are only four .
a russian headmaster said on monday a court has fined him half his monthly wage for using pirated copies of microsoft software at his school in a case president vladimir putin has called utter nonsense .
mr . law provided the police with a statement regarding his denials of allegations by a paparazzi photographer against him and made his own allegations concerning the photographer , shear said .
when defreitas discussed his radical brothers with the informant , he made it clear they were not arabs , but from trinidad and guyana .
the food will blast off along with south korea s first astronaut after being approved by russian space authorities , the yonhap news agency reported .
then in , needing protection from gawkers , the grahams moved into little piney cove , a comfortably rustic mountainside home she designed using logs from abandoned cabins .
combined forces command will be dismantled and replaced by a consultative body between the two separate national commands .
to prove the assertion , they presented the kfa s general assembly s attendance list and employee payment receipts , which contained forged signatures .
of course , things can get lodged in a baby s throat occasionally .
also near baquba , gunmen set up a fake police checkpoint just west of the city saturday evening and killed three iraqi civilians and wounded five others , the official said .
more than half the world s diamonds are traded in antwerp s gem district , a maze of tiny streets hugging the main train station .
originally , taejon was the self proclaimed hopeful to become the nation s open source paradise but the city failed to present the application ahead of the deadline .
kabul , afghanistan cnn nato has warned residents of villages seized by the taliban in southern afghanistan to take cover before an operation is launched to recapture the lost ground .
french authorities detained another trader on march as part of the case but released him without charge the next day .
president roh , korea should be a stabilizer for east asia .
bad boss position on feedback
but , after regnault denied kader keita and hatem ben arfa with fine saves , he called on both juninho and benzema midway through the second half .
earlier this year , he was accused of infringement of the national election law and perjuring his former aide when he stood for an assembly election in .
earlier , indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono said the search was still ongoing for the missing .
the speculation arose after he offered to resign tuesday , amid mounting criticism over leaking classified documents detailing a conversation between himself and his north korean counterpart , kim yang gon .
tehran , iran cnn new video on iranian government run tv networks sunday showed two of the british detainees being held in iran .
i think that she said , my god , on seeing her boyfriend dying . at the same time she was rubbing her stomach , she must have been in pain .
the last such ivory auction happened in .
initially , zemari bashary , a spokesman for afghanistan interior ministry , said the blast from the suicide bomber caused the casualties , but a witness disputed that report .
el badri also said the cartel isn t having any discussions about increasing production , the journal reported . opec , which supplies about percent of the world s million barrel a day oil habit , agreed to boost production by , barrels in september , but the move did little to calm oil prices .
this year marks the th anniversary of normalization of ties between china and japan , and we should take in hand this important opportunity to develop china japan relations , li said .
a decision was taken yesterday that they no longer have a right to participate in the political process or take part in the upcoming elections unless they end the mehdi army , al maliki said .
in his native south korea he is best known for brooding , soulful performances in romantic films and tv dramas .
in order to understand how your work is quantified , you should be speaking the same language as your boss .
eikenberry extended the rd brigade s tour by days , until another unit could be identified to replace them .
i kind of feel bad for her , said shelley wade , a dj at new york city pop station z . she looked really nervous .
presidential spokesman cheon ho seon said the ruling is interpreted as a guideline urging the president to shut his mouth .
golf s young bloods set to storm
the bomber is thought to have travelled by bicycle towards his intended target , in the town of mussayib .
the dallas world aquarium n . griffin st . offers marine life from around the globe in its , gallons of water .
many of them i didn t know . krall applies her mellow voice and piano playing to the lighthearted you couldn t be cuter .
un secretary general kofi annan says israel and hezbollah have accepted his offer to mediate in the dispute over two captured israeli soldiers .
like those modern frogs , beelzebufo had a wide mouth and powerful jaws , plus teeth .
it was not clear how old the photograph was . watch wolf blitzer s report on the video raquo
it s a perfect danish scene where small is beautiful , sustainability is just common sense , and a favorite word , hyggelig , takes cozy to unknown extremes .
but iraq denies that , saying pkk leaders are hiding out in rugged mountain areas along the turkish border that are not controlled by iraq .
amazon introduced its most recent version of the kindle just months ago
dan garretson , an analyst with forrester research , said he sees the automotive technology sector growing rapidly , with sales of devices like mp players , dvd players and satellite radios hitting a cumulative million units by .
other duties for the congress include naming a successor to zhu , who is expected to hand over his post as china s top economic official to wen jiabao , a longtime protege .
the bbc reports up to protesters are reported to have died in the chinese crackdown .
tronical has offered its powertune system online and through retailers in germany since march , according to the company s web site .
iraq s government says it has begun an investigation into the alleged abuse of more than detainees held by iraqi security forces in baghdad .
each party routinely dogs the other s candidate with opposition research quietly fed to the news media that offers practically point by point rebuttal to the claims of the day .
she says her gut told her that her daughter s doctor didn t have the right diagnosis .
he actually knows all of these children and all of the teachers of the bus , said social welfare secretary esperanza cabral , who talked with ducat on the phone . he has been a donor to the daycare center and to the school .
the drugs said to be found in the home are a synthetic form of testosterone , gupta said .
when the records sell , he gives each of his musicians a new cadillac , neglecting to mention that it came out of their royalties .
woods agent at img , mark steinberg , said the decision to end the relationship one year early was absolutely mutual .
russia has a lost a brilliant reformer .
sixty nine islands were completely flooded and a further islands half flooded .
they re lower in early trading today
the agency said kim had paid an unofficial visit to china at the invitation of president hu jintao .
authorities deployed a total of , police to shield the talks venue from protesters and , riot police guarded the hotel to inspect all vehicles and individuals entering the building .
a spring storm dumps heavy rain , baseball sized hail , and high winds across the southeast .
daisy o clee , a spokeswoman for the agency , said that of more current concern is the lack of legislation surrounding fertility treatment .
dozens of people gathered wednesday in el dorado for a candlelight vigil for her .
officials at a japanese nuclear power plant have reported malfunctions caused by monday s strong earthquake near the town of kashiwazaki .
it widened and lengthened existing runways and widened runway shoulders to allow the plane to maneuver .
the department has cited hundreds of teens since the law took effect , but no one has incurred more than three violations , said cpl .
when in rome , do as the romans do .
two other doctors are being questioned about the case but are not in custody
today , the online thief could be anyone with net access after a quick buck .
despite their interest , the studios will proceed cautiously .
the security council cannot micromanage political elections in any country , he said . they have expressed their view , and we take note of their view .
the people who live in new delhi s slums are some of the city s maids , drivers , street vendors and day laborers .
and everywhere in this city , there are billboards with the smiling faces of the mentally disabled promoting the games .
the letters of censure , the highest administrative punishment an officer can receive , will be filed in the officers official military records , the marine corps said .
the shrine honours japan s war dead , including people convicted as class a war criminals after world war ii
under pennsylvania law , teens face penalties only for buying tobacco products including up to hours community services , a fine , and suspension of their driver s licenses for up to days , state health department spokesman richard mcgarvey said .
individual bankruptcies soared fivefold in the last five years to more than , in , up percent from the previous year , according to the japanese supreme court .
the first mobile phone powered by google has gone on sale in the uk
the vehicle belonging to the suspect in the killing of a pregnant marine was found outside a motel in north carolina , police tell cnn .
the site s creator , astronomer phil plait , was blunt in his condemnation of the doubters , whom he calls conspiracy theorists .
i think it s really more of a younger man , younger woman s game .
but minority leader mitch mcconnell said demanding a withdrawal while u . s . commanders are claiming progress in pacifying the iraqi capital would hand a victory to the al qaeda terrorist network , which has taken root in iraq .
presidential candidates pledged to reduce unemployment , address the widening income gap and take other steps to revive the country s sagging economy thursday on the third day of official campaigning for the dec .
tacoma , washington cnn at a time when she really needed a miracle , annamarie ausnes found one in an unusual place .
only two stories have led to defamation cases .
the families accused sudan s government of providing support , including money and training , that allowed al qaeda to attack the cole while it was in the harbor of aden , yemen , on october , .
officials credited well attended conferences and trade fairs for the increase , singling out an ongoing gathering dedicated to cultural tourism that has attracted more than , visitors .
israeli and palestinian sources reported a second israeli incursion in southern gaza , near khan yunis . according to palestinian security sources , three palestinians were killed .
it was incredibly stupid of me , the man said in monday s edition of swedish tabloid aftonbladet . i want to apologize to denmark , sweden and the referee for my inhuman behavior , he added .
moreover , the decline in animal part exports from canada coincided with the economic meltdown in much of asia .
the reason we came out in the storm early , early , is that we knew there would be no lines , michael mcgrath , , of boston , said as he stomped along partly shoveled downtown sidewalks .
the company s partners include big hardware companies toshiba and samsung , which are planning to make players for the discs .
she has played six other men s events , making only one cut in south korea .
the statue was stolen december , eight days after madoff was arrested in new york on suspicion of operating a billion ponzi scheme .
gibbs went on to say that howard was not in a position to be overly critical .
because the couple side stepped the provincial courts when they parted ways , their unusual resolution could pose a problem later , said prak phin , a lawyer for legal support for child and women in the province .
the door to a lawsuit being filed is always open until the fans are taken care of and dr pepper has done the right thing , soriano told cnn .
analysts say li ning has a different strength , with its base in the smaller and less urban markets , where brands like adidas and nike have not spread .
the film was well received , though the victory sunday was something of a surprise .
polish troops now primarily train iraqi forces and renovate schools and hospitals .
magdeburg , germany ap a bus carrying a group of senior citizens came off a highway in eastern germany on monday and plunged down an embankment , killing people , authorities said .
charles wife camilla planned to throw a more private bash on saturday at the prince s rural estate , complete with a performance by sexagenarian rocker rod stewart .
her family owns a home across the state line in kentwood , louisiana .
tavares said he could not immediately confirm how many people had been injured , but globo tv reported dozens were hurt .
clooney made his way over to the lemonade stand wednesday afternoon after shooting scenes for leatherheads , a movie about the early days of professional football that he is directing and acting in .
new delhi , india cnn india s soccer captain , bhaichung bhutia , has refused to carry the beijing olympic torch during its run in the indian capital later this month to protest chinese authorities crackdown on recent protests in tibet .
police said all of his victims had multiple gunshot wounds , most to the upper body and head .
french president nicolas sarkozy has started his first official visit to the uk the day after it was reported that an auction house is to sell nude pictures of his new wife .
the government announced these and other anti inflation measures thursday after an emergency meeting of economy related ministers , presided over by president lee myung bak at cheong wa dae .
every week for more than a year of his travels , jay lenstrom , the chief executive of chicago based radiate group , got stuck for several hours at charlotte douglas international airport in north carolina . he tried to make the best of it .
in the chilean capital , santiago , a bomb exploded outside the branch of a u . s . bank in an act believed to be a protest against the war , police said .
citing planned south korea u . s . military exercises , pyongyang told seoul over the weekend that an inter korean ministerial meeting at the end of this month will be postponed .
the kurdistan workers party , known as the pkk , has fought turkish troops in the country s heavily kurdish southeast for decades .
water burst the banks of the coastal city s famed canals , leaving the landmark piazza san marco under almost a meter of water at one point , news agency ansa reported .
he said most of those arrested in the riots were already known delinquents .
the dollar slumped versus the yen and fell versus the euro .
their three children accompanied them on the flight , but didn t exit the terminal with them .
henin won the latest battle in the most fierce rivalry in women s tennis with a quarterfinal victory over the seventh seed .
many of those myanmar migrants who do make it to thailand , many illegal workers , wind up being abused by their employers .
two more playoff games are scheduled for tomorrow in both conferences .
other state officials have declined to speculate on the possibility of survivors .
the torch will be carried about the city on thursday , and officials there have vowed not to cut the km course despite threats of pro tibet protests .
many questions remain about that approach .
a power struggle threatens to paralyze the nuclear armed country at a time when its economy is in tatters , and it faces more of a militant opposition .
trade in human bones and skeletons is banned in india and medical students are asked to study bone structure with skeletons made of fiber or plastic .
registration for election in april is began .
the official title would be assistant to the president for iraq and afghanistan policy implementation , the official added .
violence continued in iraq on wednesday when at least people mostly recruits looking for work were killed by a suicide bomber in the northern town of talafar .
classic radio flyer wagon updated for . world
one survivor says a woman in the home was moving a hot kerosene heater when it exploded last night .
the year old will miss the season opening community shield clash against chelsea at wembley on august and the start of manchester united s title defense against reading at old trafford a week later .
they would also be europe s leading market for electronic trading of exchange traded funds and securitized derivatives , and europe s leading fixed income market thanks to borsa s interest in the mts platform .
utility spokeswoman aletha player said an investigation is ongoing , and provided no details of the failure . she said power was expected to be restored by p . m et .
the full scale verbal war is escalating into a legal battle , with both sides threatening to sue each other .
he s the nicest dog i know , said jones , , of oakland , california . it s hard to understand all the fear .
as well as china , cuba and north korea , the list highlighted other countries where internet freedoms are restricted belarus , myanmar , egypt , ethiopia , iran , saudi arabia , syria , tunisia , turkmenistan , uzbekistan , vietnam and zimbabwe .
casey sheehan , a year old army specialist , was killed in an april battle in baghdad . his death prompted his mother to found gold star families for peace .
gorbachev is featured in a car , a vuitton bag at his side and the berlin wall in the background .
did it fall off ?
it was the first court ruling in serbia related to the systematic killings of up to , muslim men and boys in srebrenica in the final months of the war in bosnia europe s worst atrocity since world war ii .
president roh moo hyun has bowed to pressure from washington despite the promise he made to the nation last year to pull the contingent of south korean troops out of iraq this year , issuing a sincere apology for reversing his stance .
critics have denounced the program as a violation of human rights .
the taliban released the french woman , celine cordelier , on april , and the man , eric damfreville , on may .
the legislature voted to with abstentions .
they are the country s top five domestic construction businesses .
the implications of the experiment could be vast , said ucl , which described the event as the world s first transatlantic handshake over the internet .
women took seven out of high income job openings , such as medical doctors and corporate executives last year , according to the national statistical office .
the panel voted for the total prohibition by with nations , including many islamic countries , abstaining .
the issue of apologizing for policies that helped make the continent s original inhabitants its most impoverished minority is a highly divisive one in australia .
the north magnetic pole , which has steadily drifted for decades , has picked up its pace in recent years and could exit canadian territory said larry newitt of the geological survey of canada .
with seconds to spare , year old shang tian zhu bolted out of his school as it crumbled to the ground in last month s massive earthquake .
it s perhaps this relationship between band mates that is laid open in the song a whole lot of leaving , a song that clearly invites the country music influence onto the album .
the israelis had no information about casualties .
in a statement friday , reported by pa , james parents said that he had attempted to kill himself several times already .
however , there was cause for fresh hope monday after the military junta which rules myanmar decided to accept aid from its neighboring countries .
officers from london s metropolitan police arrested people on suspicion of drug trafficking and money laundering , a police statement said .
sopranos actor acquitted in cop killing
, so that he will suffer , said the mother of another of pichushkin s alleged victims .
national guard troops were posted at qualcomm stadium , home to the nfl s san diego chargers , as it became a temporary home to , to , fire evacuees , according to the mayor s office in san diego .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
in regard to the financial crisis , which powell called the candidates final exam , powell said mccain appeared unsteady in dealing with it , while obama had excelled in handling the situation .
nearby they found the draft of a novel titled cannibalistic instincts , said the official , who spoke on customary condition of anonymity .
at the moment , they are on the ground there , said alexandre essone , a monuc public information officer in kananga .
the quake was centered off hokkaido s east coast , about miles northwest of tokyo , miles below the sea surface .
in return for opening up to tourists , the stalinist state gets badly needed hard currency .
what drives the business boom is an increase in the earning power of japanese women , according to air group , a company that owns a chain of host clubs .
with his popularity battered by his support for the iraq war , labour is expected to suffer significant losses in thursday s vote .
we don t see any linkage whatsoever between this case and any other ongoing cases that may have been in the news recently , said state department spokesman sean mccormack , apparently referring to the british sailors and marines who were seized by iran more than a week ago .
the south koreans are members of a church group and came to afghanistan to perform volunteer medical aid .
the two said their talks focused on security issues .
an employee in one moscow company said building managers had been going round offices on tuesday ordering staff to turn off lights to save energy .
the korea times reports the majority of the voters want the next president to revive the economy , with an economic philosophy of prioritizing growth over redistribution .
her mother and brother found dead in their south side chicago home yesterday .
he also dismissed allegations that he cannot be trusted to hold free and fair elections as totally absurd .
city saturday in an attempt to overthrow the government .
a few details were based on the columbine massacre , when gunmen eric harris and dylan klebold killed people and then turned their guns on themselves .
record breaking high temperatures also killed romanians , one man in macedonia and another man on the island of corfu , officials said , while firefighters , soldiers and volunteers battled wildfires across a tinderbox southeastern europe .
washington lifted that designation in october , but plans to push for an agreement allowing the other parties to check whether pyongyang has revealed all of its nuclear secrets , secretary of state condoleezza rice said last month .
jon , it is a forest of red arrows here .
president barack obama , in his weekly radio and online address , says his .
ran has rejected un calls to stop uranium enrichment as unacceptable , after a report said it had missed a deadline to suspend its activities .
when will ferrell s president bush meets tina fey s sarah palin
haha , the senator back to his old form on the cbs late show .
president tarja halonen called the attack shocking and tragic .
at the united nations , meanwhile , the security council said it strongly deplores the violent crackdown by myanmar s military rulers and called for a genuine dialogue between the government and the pro democracy opposition .
teams will be allowed one time out and the referee will brandish a blue card , which will send off errant players for a minute suspension .
through the campaign , the professors will publicize problems and possible damage the project could cause , he added .
hen harriers are some of the most at risk birds in the united kingdom with fewer than breeding pairs in england , according to the royal society for the protection of birds .
kimmitt said a member of the u . s . backed iraqi civil defense corps was also killed in a separate attack .
the national association of broadcasters is opposed , arguing that stations drive listeners to buy music at concert tickets .
we ve taken the number of crystals on the ball from to crystals .
china s chang e orbiter will use stereo cameras and x ray spectrometers to map three dimensional images of the lunar surface and study its dust , ap reported .
the nts said thursday investigators from its seoul office paid unannounced visits on tuesday and wednesday to gangnam s star tower , where lone star korea is headquartered , to collect documents related to the fund s domestic business dealings .
deputy prime minister and finance economy minister kwon o kyu said the latest measures will lead to an additional outflow of billion per year .
some analysts suggested the president could name an interim military governor and house speaker nabih berri hinted that he might postpone elections .
senior state department officials told cnn that negroponte will convey to musharraf how seriously the united states views his imposition of emergency rule and will suggest he rescind it .
the company has acknowledged sharing information about shi with chinese authorities .
it is united s first title since and their ninth since the inception of the premiership .
oklahoma quarterback sam bradford becomes the second sophomore , in as many years , to win the heisman trophy .
lawmakers are expected to grill him next week over his ethics and job performance , but they have no right to endorse or veto a cabinet nomination .
a major issue to be decided is the so called entry into force how many of the eight countries considered capable of having nuclear weapons would have to sign to make the treaty become effective .
heston is survived by a son , a daughter and three grandchildren .
the world conservation union places the total population of the dolphins at , to , .
but the beloved device might soon be headed for the technological dustbin .
tokyo was known as edo until , but it s hard to imagine that this high rise , high tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete .
also , the army has struggled to entice soldiers and marines not to leave the service .
after assuming the chief s job , flinchum posted a message on the university s web site spelling out what the campus community could expect from his department .
genetic material from the woolly mammoth and other extinct animals has never been properly stored in high tech freezers like those at the san diego zoo , so their dna has long since disappeared from the planet .
di marineo s web site said the suspect led police to the body , which was buried in a forest under a few centimeters of earth .
after hours of haggling , the animal lovers paid more than , yuan , for cats .
visibly furious , veterinarian fissiha gebre ab turned to other farmers and their beasts of burden nearby with a harsh admonition don t you know the saying that a farmer without a donkey is a donkey , because he has to carry the burden himself ?
dodd this morning on the cbs early show .
san juan , puerto rico cnn animal control workers seized dozens of dogs and cats from housing projects in the town of barceloneta and hurled them from a bridge to their deaths , authorities and witnesses said friday .
on friday , as the regulations stipulated , i informed ioc members of my decision and i will be a candidate for a second mandate , added rogge .
in beirut sunday , a car bomb exploded in the christian sector causing some injuries , witnesses and tv stations reported .
i m that kind of a person .
tiger woods moved straight into the thick of the battle towards the top of the leaderboard when he launched his challenge for a third british open title running on thursday .
korea recognized as a growing market in the foreign car industry .
baker told the members of the jury six women and five men diana may have been on the contraceptive pill and that evidence she was poised to get engaged to dodi on the night she died was contradictory .
at gmt , the pan european ftseurofirst index was down percent , at , . .
covina police chief kim raney described it as a pressurized tank attached to another tank filled with accelerant .
all warplanes returned safely to their bases in turkey , the military said .
it was the second day in a row that the karrada district was hit by bombs .
raj told the court he is male , but a court appointed panel ruled that raj is a woman , whose breasts and uterus were removed in sex change surgery .
chae dong wook , the prosecutor in charge of the lone star probe , told reporters thrusday he will soon issue a statement to provide background information on what he said was a misleading report by the daily .
if intelligent life forms do exist on other planets , and they try to contact us , tarter will be among the first to know .
muehe , who grew up in the former communist state and saw his own early career marred by stasi informants , told german newspapers this month that he was suffering from stomach cancer .
steelers qb ben roethlisberger said he feels more relaxed than he did in his first super bowl three years ago , while kurt warner of the cards .
south korea revised the election law last august to allow foreigners voting rights .
metropolitan police said some clips were not released , to protect the identities of members of the public .
yongbyon is the site that houses north korea s core nuclear facilities , believed to have been producing weapons grade material for atomic arms .
israeli authorities said none of the approximately detainees members of abbas fatah party had been implicated in deadly attacks against israelis .
it s day of a sales pitch from the nation s automakers who are looking for congressional backing for billion in emergency loans .
the picture , sent to the drudge report website , shows obama wearing traditional african dress during a visit to kenya in .
it was mostly chaos and confusion all over the place , he said . he described the neighborhood as quite a shantytown with lots of ramshackle houses .
, british troops are expected to return home in months , rising to , by christmas .
they did not give any details explaining their decision and could not be contacted .
twenge , the author of generation me
analysis found that compared with people in the study with normal body weight and a low belly measurement
lohan s lawyer , blair berk , said it would be inappropriate to comment on the case .
he vowed to return to challenge musharraf s bid to extend his rule .
consumes one tenth as much power
the objects they describe in their new paper show an extraordinary repertoire of incised carving on mammoth ivory plaques and carving in the round , including representations of women and large mammals , and geometric decoration on bone utensils , they write .
if the technology proves successful , subscribers with small dishes will connect to the internet at speeds many times faster than what is now available over residential cable or dsl services .
more than people were packed into a container measuring by meters .
. sommelier
the united states has softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a program to develop highly enriched uranium and to having provided syria with nuclear technology , key questions that have left the negotiations stalled for months .
the lpga tour will offer three fewer official events in , the latest result of the global economic downturn and its affect on sport all over the world .
it is speculated that the nec might issue a warning against roh instead of concluding his remarks as a violation of the law , sources said .
waldheim is survived by his wife , elisabeth , whom he married in , and their three children .
an official says the business incorrectly prepared a supplement that was given to the horses .
the troops and tanks , which moved in overnight , have cut gaza in two , and have surrounded gaza city .
the u . s . military has conducted operations there in the past and has frequently come under fire .
kim had reportedly been planning to speak out saturday on the nd anniversary of his return to korea after his kidnapping by the national intelligence agency under then dictator park chung hee .
libyan officials also allegedly raised the matter during former british prime minister tony blair s trip to tripoli when a major gas deal was announced .
passengers and crew members teodoro said .
pakistan opposition leader benazir bhutto was placed under house arrest monday , a day ahead of a planned march protesting president pervez musharraf s declared state of emergency .
reconnect with your spouse
the ruling coalition tuesday proposed tanami , , now governor of japan bank for international cooperation , to head the bank of japan .
the chain consulted widely with scientists and environmental pressure groups , including environmental defense , in drawing up its new policy making document .
auto sales have been hit hard by tight credit and the struggling economy .
the battles are the worst internal violence since the end of lebanon s civil war in .
the captured pirates were being held aboard the north korean vessel , the navy said .
they viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights .
tom lantos , chairman of the house of representatives committee on foreign affairs , described attempts by the japanese to deny the use of sex slaves as nauseating .
in tuesday s vote the house of deputies comprising clergy and lay members rejected a resolution to refrain from nominating gay bishops or developing rites for the blessing of same sex unions .
it s a city that has had such a special history in a short period of time , said scientist vladimir markov as he watched a procession of red robed russian orthodox priests bearing icons outside st .
the world must quickly take concerted action against terrorism and deny extremists the chance to carry out a nuclear attack , u . n .
baghdad , iraq cnn a legal debate and reconciliation politics have delayed the scheduled executions in iraq of three saddam hussein era officials and the hiatus is causing an uproar among iraqi officials .
but do such pledges work ? are pledge takers more likely than other teens to delay sexual activity ?
president bill clinton has unveiled a . billion five year program called empowerment zones which is designed to revive america s troubled inner cities .
jim did not want to distract in any way from the very important task of gathering information about my vice presidential nominee , so he has made a decision to step aside that i accept , the presumptive democratic presidential nominee said in a statement .
i will make a commitment that al gore will be at the table and play a central part in us figuring out how we solve this climate change problem , obama said .
vick faces up to five years in prison when he is sentenced dec . in the federal case .
the pentagon did not dispute the figures , but said it was reviewing arms deliveries procedures .
worse , disney has extended health benefits to the live in partners of gay employees .
and lourdes , madonna s daughter from her previous relationship with dancer carlos leon .
this is just one of those things that happens when it happens , bach said in an interview . we reached our conclusion early this week and because it s a financially meaningful issue we had to announce it immediately .
the military said troops destroyed homemade bombs and nine booby trapped structures , including an empty school complex , during the first three days of the operation , which began tuesday .
blackwater resumed its normal operations of providing security to u . s . civilian authorities in iraq on friday after a hiatus sparked by concerns among iraqi and u . s . government officials over last weekend s shootings .
the same survey found almost half of americans ages to turned to the internet as their major source of election news in .
people should be given the right to choose .
the council presidency rotates monthly among members , based on alphabetical order in english .
the dp s kim hong up , a son of former president kim daejung , beat an independent in muan shinan , south jeolla province .
george w . bush said the troops will be brought back to the u . s . duty stations in europe and asia .
you see the guys out there , they play with that relentless effort , you know , just killin themselves out there uh , for the team and for each other .
references to risky behaviors included both words and photos , the authors said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki demanded sunday that the cleric disband his militia , which waged two uprisings against u . s . troops in , or see his supporters barred from public office .
while the core of downtown dallas has always been a thriving business district , it only recently began to attract visitors after p . m .
israeli defense sources told cnn they believed tuesday s attack may have been part of a larger operation to abduct another soldier .
after several hours of shooting outside the controversial lal masjid red mosque a ceasefire was negotiated .
michael utley , a former stockbroker from west yarmouth , massachusetts , who survived being struck by lightning while golfing , has tracked cases since of people hit while talking on cell phones .
but they were holding a chinese language newspaper and pointing to a photograph of a man .
i was not able to play my best tennis but it was a good warmup , nadal told reporters .
however , the liberal udp has appealed to voters to give more support to its candidates so that the party can effectively check the government and its party .
percent of voters cast yes ballots on the new system while percent opposed the idea .
united states is willing to open an office in pyongyang conditionally .
free doritos at the office today ?
the notification was made hours after the first shipment of , tons of heavy fuel oil out of , tons arrived in north korea in accordance with a six party talks agreement made last february .
russia , the world s biggest producer of natural gas , supplies europe with more than percent of its imports mainly via pipelines that cross the former soviet republic of ukraine .
late monday night , several hundred people massed again at the place de la bastille in paris , breaking windows in nearby shops and starting street fires .
shin jeong ah , a former art professor who at the center of a degree forgery and influence peddling sandal , apologized yesterday for causing trouble .
vlasic then attempted to break the year old world record but failed with all three attempts at . .
this would be the biggest cut in u . s . force levels in the region since the vietnam war .
the government will add the city of uiwang and parts of daejeon city to its speculation zone list next week , the latest in a series of recent moves to curb property price rises this year .
the taliban leadership decided to delay releasing the two female hostages from sunday to monday , the source told the korea times .
under the february deal signed by the two koreas , japan , china , russia and the us the north agreed to shut down and seal its yongbyon reactor within days in return for aid .
romney s camp , however , is focusing on the voters who have committed to him and not those who are still undecided .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s upper house of parliament on wednesday voted to reject the government nomination for bank of japan chief .
emory also is creating a fellowship in the dalai lama s name to fund annual scholarships for tibetan students who attend its undergraduate and graduate schools http edition . cnn . com education emory . dalai . lama . ap index . html
gambari visited burma twice after the violent suppression of protests .
they accuse the new , three month old government of coming to power through illegal means .
then it became clear to me that i had to stop the match . we have to set an example and show that violence from players and spectators is not acceptable .
cnn a severed foot the sixth in months washed up on the shore of a canadian island on wednesday , police said .
campaigning in tokyo , abe acknowledged that he and the ruling liberal democratic party would be fighting a very tough battle in the polls .
the news of the , mark came on the same day that iraq s national security adviser urged americans to be patient with the progress of the war , contending that it is well worth fighting because it has implications about global terror .
are due to be admitted to the north atlantic treaty organisation in after being formally approved by all current members .
the nissan then pushed forward into another vehicle .
who should head the country ?
gunmen rampaged through a series of targets in the indian city of mumbai killing indiscriminately and taking hostages at two luxury hotels .
walsh said even in ideal conditions , it would take the gorillas decades to bounce back .
an unidentified man was killed and about , people sought shelter wednesday in tabasco s oil rich capital of villahermosa , the state government said in a press release .
the latest body was found about noon under the rubble of a destroyed home near the army warehouse where the blasts took place , strazimiri said .
beijing has even launched its own official electronic magazine , the chinese scholar .
one of those rockets struck near a college , killing one person , according to the israeli military and emergency medical services .
villarreal are now breathing down their necks after a comeback win over deportivo la coruna .
nowak , , had earlier posted a , bond on charges of attempted kidnapping , battery and attempted burglary of a car with battery .
london , england cnn princess diana s relationships with two muslim men provoked an outburst from her mother , who called her daughter a whore , paul burrell , the princess s former butler , told an inquest monday .
the fringes of typhoon wipha lashed northern taiwan , where schools , offices and the stock market closed .
to date , cyworld s minihompy streaming music sales amount to more than million songs , or million in revenue .
ancient semitic script is notoriously difficult to decipher .
rahm emanuel has accepted barack obama s offer to be white house chief of staff , obama said thursday .
which presley performed in his film live a little , love a lot , has been drawing brisk sales and heavy radio airplay since it was released there as a single last week .
the deadliest attack in the au s three year mission happened overnight , injuring at least eight people and leaving some au peacekeepers missing , said au spokesman assane ba .
and procter gamble are driving the peatland destruction because the companies account for a significant volume of global palm oil use .
this is what they trapped it in .
no casualties were immediately reported , but rescue teams were on standby , forest official mozharul islam said in khulna .
the summit will seek to establish reform measures to assure global prosperity in the future and would be the first in a possible series of such meetings designed to implement the measures .
the number of people killed in the violence remained in dispute .
the admission could also have a ripple effect throughout the sports world , particularly for the investigation into alleged doping by other high profile athletes .
fed s decision to slash its lending rate by a quarter point over the weekend wasn t enough to offset investors concerns over the credit turmoil ahead of the opening session of asian stock markets .
the dalai lama is hailed in much of the world as a figure of moral authority , but beijing reviles the nobel peace prize laureate and claims he seeks to destroy china s sovereignty by pushing for independence for tibet , where the dalai lama is considered a god king .
cnn at one point in jared hutchins young life , the beatles were a big problem .
the jihadists have been squeezed out of the restive anbar province to the west .
meanwhile , members of the western backed parliamentary majority were holed up thursday inside a beirut hotel meeting in emergency session .
francois bayrou , a centrist candidate mining the middle ground , is steadily gaining .
the year old is the son of a democratic state lawmaker in tennessee .
the case is one of several hanging over chirac , who had kept investigators at arm s length while he was president by using the immunity that comes with the post .
a vehicle pileup on a freeway south of los angeles left more than people injured , five seriously , the accident occurred shortly before a . m .
the suicide tourist shows ewert lying in a rented zurich apartment , where an employee of the clinic prepares a lethal dose of drugs for ewert to drink .
there s not a country in the world where the list of martyrs is as long as it is in colombia , said carlos gutierrez , head of the cut labor umbrella organization that represents colombia s , unionized workers .
he went on to win the pulitzer for editorial cartooning in .
some percent of south koreans think the government enacted romanization system does not reflect the original pronunciation of hangul properly , a survey conducted by the yoido institute , a think tank of the opposition grand national party gnp showed yesterday .
a rolling two day battle began with a militant attack on afghan outposts .
program staffers , acting on their own , have tried to contact the woman s relatives in russia .
the raids took place last week at tokyo sinku , a vacuum pump manufacturer , and nakano corporation , an export agent , on suspicion they illegally exported vacuum pumps to north korea via taiwan , shinya yamada , an investigating officer at kanagawa prefecture police , told cnn .
leaders vow to tackle economic crisis
very few people can stay with a goal for an entire year , he said .
there s nothing sexy about a well lit room .
your child could be physically harmed by someone he or she encounters online and later meets in person , said online security expert benjamin halpert on thursday as he addressed a group of security experts at the cyber crime summit in kennesaw . watch and learn more about cybercrimes against kids
bhutto was placed under house arrest earlier this week to prevent her from leading a march from lahore to the capital , islamabad .
in japan , the nikkei closed the day up one percent .
defeat would have been harsh for liverpool who were much improved on their champions league defeat to besiktas and took the lead through a steven gerrard free kick after seven minutes .
surveillance on his family slackened in the mid s amid widespread food shortages .
fuel is being diverted for other training flights , yonhap quoted a military source as saying .
economic theory suggests that better human capital is an important source of growth .
as soon as spectators saw what she was doing , they immediately mobbed her , hitting her with flags , said brad kesler , an american tourist who was there to watch the start of the relay .
the reality is that sometimes policymaking in washington can become a little bit too ingrown , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois .
the last time it was at percent was from june to june .
i caused political confusion over prime minister fukuda s coalition proposal , ozawa told a news conference . i have therefore decided to resign from my post as president .
the international olympic committee will use newly developed drug testing procedures to retest samples taken from athletes at last summer s beijing olympic games , the ioc said tuesday .
the probe come as kim man bok , director of the national intelligence service nis , admitted responsibility for leaking excerpts of his talk with kim yang gon , one of key aides of north korean leader kim jong il , during a secret trip to pyongyang on dec .
thursday , a gazprom spokesman said on russian state television the company had actually increased the deliveries to the rest of the continent .
the newspaper said that if territorial issues were thrust to the forefront of bilateral relations , the two nations would face a dilemma in addressing other issues .
present were major executives of commercial banks , including kookmin , shinhan , woori , citibank and korea exchange bank , along with securities and insurance firms like mirae asset securities , samsung securities and hyundai marine and fire insurance .
and we will even be in a position where we may be able to regenerate entire segments of the skeleton , and restore patients who have really severe injuries .
matching its lowest ever level .
the real ira , which broke away from the mainstream provisional ira to protest the northern ireland peace process , ultimately claimed responsibility .
ross suspended , while bbc executive quits over abuse calls
in donetsk , jadson scored a hat trick in a one sided match , opening his account in the nd minute , with willian making it five minutes after the interval .
a record number of presidential candidates are running this year .
the internet survey of more than , adult united states online consumers was conducted in january .
as a result , they are treated either as tools or numbers , rarely as human beings .
in just one aspect of the construction , million cubic meters of soft marine mud must be dredged from the seabed and replaced with million cubic meters of sand excavated from other marine locations .
in a rally , newport news he called on supporters to get out the vote
las vegas police spokesman jose montoya said the victim in the accident was wearing a helmet , and it was not known if drugs or alcohol was involved . no tests have been done .
he adds he expects the economy to remain in shambles throughout .
hill was recently nominated for u . s . assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs and is also washington s top envoy to the six party talks on the north korean nuclear crisis .
here s our shirley smith
music and voiceover , montalban whispering soft corinthian leather as it was soft corinthian leather , and now montalban has died at in home in southern california .
that move will take , vehicles out of production .
it is a scenario that prodi s senate foes have said they want to avoid .
washington cnn charges have been dropped for two marines accused in the killings of iraqi civilians in iraq , the u . s . marine corps said thursday .
he wants to make the entire assembly process more modular with easy to replace body panels .
excluding commissions paid to advertising partners , yahoo posted sales of . billion , slightly lower than the . billion in sales that analysts polled by thomson reuters expected on this basis .
cnn two people are dead , are injured and dozens of construction workers are believed trapped in a collapsed roadway tunnel after chile was rocked by a magnitude . . earthquake wednesday , officials said .
senior gnp officials fear that candidate hopefuls who did not make it might leave the party and run as independents , which could divide conservative voters .
the robot analyzed a patch of soil in gusev crater and found it unusually rich in silica .
it was the seventh time this year that mbc has apologized for ethical scandals and the contents of a broadcast .
we are not dealing with our grand , grand , grand , grandmother , but perhaps with our grand , grand , grand , grand aunt .
briton paula radcliffe defended her new york marathon title in style on sunday to become only the second woman to win the race three times .
palestinians in jericho appeared to have low expectations from monday s meeting .
the padded envelope exploded at an office belonging to capita plc , which administers the pound us daily fee meant to cut down on traffic in central london and collects television licensing fees .
so where possible , he s using recycled materials and reducing the number of parts .
the official said the bush administration is mindful that israel must maintain its qualitative edge in the region .
the price of both the hardware and software will fall if and when sales grow .
it is thought the rebels were from cleric moqtada sadr s mehdi army , but its officials in baghdad blamed rogue elements out of his control .
for whom another fab four classic
the telecast did not shy away from the controversy , opening with a string of news and interview clips about conner s woes .
both claimed they were rammed by the other .
quoting the defense ministry , the korea times reports south korea will establish an integrated operation command of the army by , as part of efforts to build a more future oriented armed forces .
but much else of what you need is just meat and potatoes knowledge , things you can learn in a semester or less by taking the right course .
the korea times reports unions , management and the government monday reached an agreement on the new labor reform bill .
but he wasn t and dragged me to a tiebreaker in the first set .
along with windmills , aero has one of the world s largest solar power plants .
the united states needs to convince iraqis that they will have full sovereignty and are no longer under occupation .
, rape and other human rights violations that continued throughout the period were committed by the same group of men who conducted the actual attack , it said .
britain s population is about million .
lost beatles track could finally be heard
choi sung of the ruling uri party on sunday also say that the u . s . deployed strategic nuclear weapons to a u . s . base in chunchon , kangwon province , in .
so that becomes a big issue in the movie . he didn t get rid of saddam then and the son has to be feels that he has to act stronger than the father because of emotional reasons and there s a lot of father son subcurrent in the movie .
bono , garth brooks and sheryl crow will be there for barack obama and their fans . plenty of other big names , too
the zoo made safety upgrades and recently resumed the public feedings .
a documentary featuring images of the car crash in which princess diana died should not be shown because of the distress it will cause her family , britain s opposition conservatives said on monday .
government affiliated institutes are walking away from the deficit ridden national pension scheme in pursuit of higher returns and stable fund management .
the sights and sounds of hatred , prejudice and genocide .
no one knows for sure what the maximum lifespan will be , but according to hazzard , the burden is on those that say we ll live to be older than on average .
officials from the cia , fbi , state department and others listened to the tape and feared it could be copied and edited by other militants for use as propaganda , officials said .
according to a recent cnn opinion research corporation poll , percent of americans say bush s presidency has been a failure , while percent aren t happy with the democratic led house either .
the federal transportation security administration is investigating the incident .
north korea has test fired a short range missile towards the sea of japan , according to reports from the region .
the huge turnouts were staged to pressure prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s government , which nominated a presidential candidate deemed by the secular establishment to be islamist .
the apparent calm did not stop the buzz .
baghdad celebrates first public christmas amid hope , memories
helpless , the daily burden is now on shada .
jakarta is now on the highest alert level , said sihar simanjuntak , an official who monitors the many rivers that crisscross this city of million people . the floods are getting worse .
japanese space officials say the satellites provide an important means for the country to independently collect intelligence , and say improvements in the satellites capabilities are in the works .
these days , for republican sen . john mccain , age is no laughing matter .
it was the first spacewalk for tani since his year old mother was killed in a car accident outside chicago just before christmas .
heart disease is the world s top killer , claiming some million lives a year .
it was the striker s fourth goal of the season he was also on target in the victory against west ham at the weekend .
simpson was arrested at his hotel room at the palms casino resort in las vegas , where he was staying while attending a friend s wedding , las vegas metropolitan police capt . james dillon told reporters .
new photos showed the exposed bright substance present only in the top part of the trench , suggesting it s not uniform throughout the excavation site .
there seems to have been little reaction to a report that u . s . services sector contracted sharply last month .
japan s nikkei index climbed to close up . percent at , after closing flat monday , and hong kong s hang seng was up . percent to , . .
minister of foreign affairs and trade ban ki moon called japanese ambassador shotaro oshima to his office in central seoul , to protest tokyo s move to have its high school textbooks describe dokdo as japanese territory , reports said .
gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . military commander in iraq , is scheduled to testify before congress beginning monday , and he is expected to tell lawmakers the troop buildup is producing results .
diana s month relationship with khan ended around the same time she started seeing fayed in july .
in addition , cnn exit polls showed late deciding voters choosing clinton by a wide margin , percent to percent .
washington , lafayette and others in formed the society of the cincinnati , a group devoted to maintaining the revolution s ideals , and eagle badges were given to members .
the u . s . and british embassies issued warnings to employees and tourists on sunday , instructing them to avoid downtown athens and other major cities until rioting subsides .
last july , seoul and washington reached an agreement to transfer the partial u . s . responsibility for guarding the security area to south korean troops .
the number of prisoner deaths in iraq and afghanistan known to be under u . s . investigation or already blamed on americans rose to on wednesday , including two additional deaths being scrutinized by the cia s inspector general as congress put new pressure on the bush administration to disclose everything it knows .
eyewitness enos luphahla said the guard was unlocking the gate when people began pushing forward .
the renowned low fat , high fiber diet has decayed into a moribund state in its traditional regions , according to the united nations food and agriculture organization fao .
but mccormack cautioned against jumping to any conclusions on the intended target .
an agreement is likely to be reached in a few days , as the price micron proposed is not that different from what hynix expected , the unidentified executive said .
the fishermen are little known victims of the cold war .
nk will continue six nation negotiations with patience .
iran is the world s fourth largest oil exporter and opec s second largest exporter .
sherchan was in good health and was descending from the summit , chetri said .
schwarzenegger returned graz s highest award , its ring of honor , which was given to him by city officials in .
each time the state of alaska raised its alcoholic beverage tax , fewer deaths were caused by or related to alcohol , according to the study that examined years of data .
that s because his wife jennifer was in labor and they were rushing to the hospital .
podesta , chief of staff under president clinton , is president and ceo of the center for american progress , a left leaning think tank that he founded .
mansour al turki told ap in a phone call , they had reached an advance stage of readiness and what remained only was to set the zero hour for their attacks .
as a royal air force officer during world war ii , clarke took part in the early development of radar .
iraqi police said say two policemen were killed in the blast and at least five civilians were injured .
witnesses told wkyc the shooter had been suspended for fighting earlier this week .
passengers flying with british airways have been advised to check flight information regularly before traveling to the airport .
according to government statistics , there were , murders in more than per day .
the institute plans to take students bird watching , rafting in a nearby river and on a tour to an invasion tunnel north korea dug under the dmz in the s .
powell said he was concerned about what he characterized as a recent negative turn of republican candidate sen . john mccain s campaign , such as the campaign s attempts to tie obama to former s radical bill ayers .
that may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick backed hair is part of his signature look on mad men
roh said north korea s stability should not be shaken in the process of opening and reform , and also noted south korea is firmly committed to helping north korea in its bid for economic revitalization .
detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi has said she is ready to co operate with burma s military junta .
korea banned u . s . beef imports in december after an isolated case of mad cow disease was found in the country .
residents living near the headquarters told public broadcaster nhk they often heard drums beating from the compound .
they want dickens to be thought of as fun .
oil futures blasted to a new record near a barrel tuesday , gaining momentum as investors bought on a forecast of much higher prices and on any news hinting at supply shortages .
opponents complain of the environmental impact , noise , pollution , and destruction to local property a third runway would create .
the storm was weakening with winds of up to mph kph , but forecasters still warned of flooding and landslides as it looked to brush by tokyo later in the day .
his knack for blending science with entertainment culminated in his most famous dinosaur novel that went on to be a movie blockbuster
chung was absent for more than two months after being jailed following his april arrest and entering a hospital for a health exam .
elections , spoke two days after militants showed their muscle with the deadliest raid on israeli troops since may , and as a palestinian policeman and a farmer at a jewish settlement died in fresh gaza violence .
pedro feliz singled home the go ahead run in the seventh and lidge closed out his perfect season to deliver to the city its first major sports championship in years .
tickets to a baseball game or to a rock concert are examples of this kind of emotional motive .
australia s conservative prime minister slammed barack obama on sunday over his opposition to the iraq war , a day after obama announced his intention to run for the white house in .
chung dong young finished a distant second in december s presidential poll , in which former seoul mayor lee won a landslide victory .
on wednesday , brazil will face uruguay in sao paulo , and peru will play ecuador in quito .
obama on saturday offered an outline of his economic recovery plan to create . million jobs by , saying american workers will rebuild the nation s roads and bridges , modernize its schools and create more sources of alternative energy .
at least people were taken to local hospitals , according to minneapolis fire chief jim clack . see photos of the disaster raquo
palestinians had urged israel to raze the synagogues and an official said on sunday they would do it themselves .
a plan to cut the number of its troops in south korea by one third by the end of will force the south to shoulder more responsibility for defending itself against any north korean military aggression .
capricious , mercurial or just unlucky ?
but analysts say noticeable changes won t occur until or as korean companies still enjoy a solid technological leadership .
leroy cain , the lead flight director in mission control , assured reporters friday that engineers had concluded any damage was considered minor and posed no safety hazard .
. not targeting your r eacute sum eacute to the position
it s a live investigation and we are working with the police .
based on the same data , , people are missing in the irrawaddy delta , which has a population of nearly six million people , villarosa said .
their dilemmas may sum up the state of language learning in hong kong , where business and government leaders worry that young people are falling into a linguistic limbo .
apple inc . chief executive steve jobs said earlier this year urged the world s four major record companies , including emi , to start selling songs online without copy protection software , known as drm , for digital rights management .
the us appears to be moving the goalposts in the fta game .
he was due to be released last september in miami , florida , and petitioned the court to send him to panama , which has requested his return to face murder and corruption charges there .
south korean trade minister kim hyun chong described the agreement as the most important event between the two countries since their signing of a military alliance in .
u . s . army maj . gen . benjamin mixon , commander of multi national division north , believes u . s . counterinsurgency efforts in vietnam and latin america offer precedents for the strategy he is now pushing in this region of iraq .
this crime committed in other country s territorial waters is nothing but brutal piracy that could be committed only by samurais of japan in defiance of international laws , the official korea central news agency said .
no embassy official was seriously hurt , latif said .
the ap s marsha dunn reports from cape canaveral that today s space walk is the biggest challenge for the hubble repair crew
in the summer , moscow asked for a delay in talks among south korea , north korea and russia on extending the railway .
but the danger is that a nine year old fails to appreciate the irony and sees the bimbo as a cool role model . then the game becomes a hazard and a menace .
after a rough campaign battle between them to be the party s nominee in november s election , romney offered conciliatory words to mccain a week after dropping out of the race , calling him an american hero .
britain s defense secretary on monday announced the deployment of , extra troops to afghanistan to tackle the threatened taliban spring offensive .
the year old actor , known for his role as sulu on the star trek sci fi tv series , was the first to pay for a marriage license in west hollywood early tuesday .
potatoes are nutritious , too
biologists hope to get the whales back into the pacific ocean , where food is more plentiful and the salty water can heal their wounds .
about people were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment , but fire control teams were on the scene and bringing the blaze under control , he said .
there were individual acts of bravery by lone soldiers , he says , but a complete breakdown among the officers .
when she comes back now will be a bit later than she planned .
days earlier , abe had staked his job on extending japan s naval support for the us led mission in afghanistan beyond a current november deadline .
in the hugely popular game , players score points by swapping gems to form vertical and horizontal chains .
tonight , a source told the associated press the president didn t learn about the bonuses until late thursday .
it s anything but the first time supporters have caused trouble for teams by throwing things from the stands .
many analysts expected a quarter point reduction in the fed funds rate .
agency for international development usaid said on wednesday it will be obliged to halt food shipments if world food program wfp officials are made to leave the country .
she slides onto a mat on the floor and begins warming up with help from the instructor , stretching her knee and leg muscles to the side .
on wall street , everything is just about even .
merrill lynch , the world s largest brokerage , on thursday posted a fourth quarter loss of nearly billion after writing down some . billion worth of investments and trades slammed by the ongoing credit crisis .
the group is the brainchild of american idol judge simon cowell , who saw a potential market for an international , popera style act after the soaring success of the andrea bocelli sarah brightman duet time to say goodbye con te partiro .
she says that while the sports and fitness industries have led the way in wearable technology , producing shoes with built in pedometers and active wear with integral ipod controls , the fashion industry is currently lagging behind . view image gallery of futuristic fashions
the resignation sparked speculation over whether rove will soon join the campaign of a gop candidate .
reports out of canada that actress natasha richardson remains in critical condition after a serious skiing accident in quebec .
diarra has already missed several games with a muscle problem , but his absence would further weaken a real squad who have players injured , including several leading internationals .
if someone commits suicide bombing to protect the honor of the prophet muhammad , his act is justified , the minister said , according to reuters news agency . iran has stepped up its protest over the knighthood awarded by britain to salman rushdie , whose novel the satanic verses outraged many muslims .
the support marks a sharp increase from the early days of the campaign and may be a big factor in south carolina , where as many as half the voters in the democratic primary will be african americans .
it s now back over open water with reduced winds of miles an hour .
the bomb attack killed at least others , doctors said .
jankovic won her eighth career title after overcoming a brief lapse in the second set against the th ranked russian , who won the stuttgart tournament in .
earned argentina a victory in mexico s aztec stadium on the way to the title .
police arrested steven morgan outside a convenience store miles away from the site of wednesday s shooting at wesleyan university .
one pensioner , wiping make up from her face after taking part in a display of traditional folk dancing in a beijing park , said she was very happy . thirty years ago , we would never have thought that we could host such an event , she said . china was not strong enough to host the olympics , but now we are .
there have been a number of past cases where soldiers were ousted from the military after being discovered to be gay , but yoojung s case marks the first time a soldier has voluntarily announced his sexuality and demanded discharge .
the very fact that jesus had an ossuary would contradict the christian belief that he was resurrected and ascended to heaven .
but percent of oxford university s students come from state schools .
chinese officials say the parade was aimed at strengthening hong kong s relations with the people s liberation army and boosting patriotism in the former british colony .
the trio will be replaced in the women s draw by canadian aleksandra wozniak , taiwan s su wei hsieh and colombia s catalina castano .
the bold , a high end model that further demonstrates the company s desire to make tools for both work and play .
i don t want to just show up and give one of those whoop dee do speeches and get everybody whipped up , she said .
at least died as a joint police army convoy was hit by two suicide bombers and a roadside bomb early on sunday as it was traveling through the mountainous region near the pakistani afghani border , an army spokesman told cnn .
the men were linked to a vehicle that police think was used by one of the attackers who threw a grenade at the convoy late thursday , causing bhutto s campaign bus to come to a halt , said a senior investigator who spoke saturday on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the investigation .
the virus has been spreading quickly westward , with officials fearing it will soon reach the west coast .
as bumblebee , you must fight decepticons , transform into a car , race around an open ended city , protect a teenager who holds the key to finding the allspark and so on .
repairs could take three weeks , vice general manager lin jen hung said , but quality would improve daily .
these people , categorized as taking a rest without any intention to work , are among the economically inactive .
cnn the largest political protest in nearly a decade erupted in malaysia s capital city , kuala lumpur , saturday with riot police aiming water hoses and tear gas at thousands of protesters gathered to demand electoral reform .
although you may be tempted to join the crowds in a spot of cushion throwing after a particularly exciting bout , bear in mind stadium authorities frown upon this kind of exuberance .
according to the la times , gates raised doubts about countries that have sent significant numbers of combat troops to fight in the south , often in the face of widespread opposition at home .
last year a member of the disbanded group posted a video of a quirky performance of the days of christmas on youtube .
the strike has silenced and darkened broadway stages since it began november .
jamie pittman and
a sketch performed by a mixed group of foreign english teachers and koreans in pusan has cast a shadow over the volunteer and extra curricular activities of english teachers working in korea .
sources in washington said south korean civic groups opposed to a free trade agreement between south korea and the united states are planning to stage a protest rally near the venue of negotiations , scheduled next month in washington .
defense secretary donald rumsfeld said he couldn t imagine the circumstances that might be necessary to invoke the draft .
and all cities will find themselves in increasing competition with each other
he agreed that , as a result of such calls diana , decided not to talk to her mother again .
prime minister thaksin shinawatra called the poll in a bid to silence calls for his resignation . thaksin has downplayed suggestions he was about to step aside to end the mounting political crisis .
because of these challenges , more than , chinese factories have gone bankrupt this year , said lan hailin , professor of business strategy with the south china university of technology in guangzhou , china .
the final five nominees in each category or six , if the vote is close enough will be unveiled on july .
earlier , medical evacuations from the city s superdome stadium were disrupted after reports that a gun shot was fired at a rescue helicopter .
the leaves of turnip pickled in paste turnip changachi are very good to eat during the three months in summertime and the salted ones turnip chanji are endurable in wintertime , yi wrote .
some people are seeking legal advice and medical information , and many younger victims believe that they can warn others about their accused attacker , counselors say .
it s a struggle for accommodations , said gilbert omeke , the school s head teacher .
new delhi , india cnn a bomb ripped through a packed movie theater in northern india on sunday , killing at least six people and wounding at least others , authorities said .
major changes include the partitioning of seoul into different areas for different bus routes , a new fare system , a linking system between buses and subway trains and introduction of a special lane restricted for buses .
it came as pakistan deployed more troops in the area , fearing holy war after the storming of the militant red mosque last week left dead .
south korea saw the talks as an opportunity to bring the north back to the stalled international talks , but the north was reluctant to go beyond the economic aid offered from the south , shunning discussion on the nuclear issue , south korean officials said .
seven hundred to , people were on the bridge when it gave way , budha said .
president elect barack obama has reportedly informally offered a job of attorney general to eric holder , who s a former deputy ag .
for some , the failure was more than a professional concern . some of the firefighters their own homes have burned up , he said .
authorities believe the kidnapping came from year old clemens tinnemeyer owing millions of dollars to drug dealers involved in the meth trade .
these days , consumers are getting ready for the launch of the blueye by sk telecom a matchbook sized projector that simply plugs into your handset to screen mobile videos .
johannesburg , south africa cnn u . s . pop star madonna s attempts to adopt a malawian child hit a snag after the court appointed official on the case was refused permission to travel to britain .
the us had previously favoured a controversial plan to build a new base on a nearby coral reef .
the bill melinda gates foundation .
the foreign ministry said yesterday it has found no evidence that north korea is preparing for a nuclear blast test , saying it has neither detected signs , nor received such information from u . s . intelligence authorities .
and viacom has opened a chain of adult playgrounds called block party , where adults play virtual reality games .
contrary to some urban legends and media reports , electronic devices don t attract lightning the way a tall tree or a lightning rod does .
charles turner , a music composer who was recruited as a spy , took the photos at the wagner festival in bayreuth , germany , in , where he joined hitler s entourage , his son david turner said .
taiwan s ruling party said last week it would not accept a place on the torch relay if the flame entered or exited the island via mainland china or hong kong and macau , which are special administrative regions ruled by beijing .
norway s thor hushovd of credit agricole was second with german erik zabel third for the milram team .
pentagon officials said that u . s . military weapons specialists have found at least a dozen scud missiles several hundred miles off the coast southeast of yemen in the indian ocean .
this shootdown shifts the paradigm for defensive capabilities .
meantime , barack obama had trouble closing the deal with primary voters .
for two years , zapeta has had two attorneys working pro bono one on his immigration case , the other trying to get his money back .
obama s appearance at the apostolic church of god was his first address to a church since he ended his membership at trinity united church of christ , where he had worshipped for years , following inflammatory remarks there by his former longtime pastor and others .
up to , people were camped on a hill behind gizo , a town of about , , said alex lokopio , premier of hard hit western province .
the nation is seeing a growing number of illegal cremations being conducted at places other than government designated crematoria .
zadroga , who was stricken with brain and respiratory aliments after spending close to hours sifting through debris at the world trade center , died in january .
the bandwidth will be assigned to the companies in march , when the government finalizes the licensing process .
their testimony came during the third day of simpson s preliminary hearing in clark county justice court , which will continue wednesday morning .
hours after strolling the red carpet in a strapless black dress , paris hilton traded her designer duds for a jail issued jumpsuit .
lauderhill , florida cnn a year old boy beat a toddler to death with a baseball bat because she was crying while he was trying to watch tv , authorities said .
among the writers were such series veterans as mike scully , john swartzwelder , david mirkin and jon vitti . watch groening talk about the fun of cartoon violence raquo
for most of the trading day in new york , its main indices were flat but by the close the dow , nasdaq and s p were all down by . percent , . percent and . percent respectively .
park s camp has insisted on maintaining current regulations , while lee s camp has called for the party leadership to change the rules to better reflect public opinion .
thousands of tourists attempted to leave the resort of cancun , but some were unable to get a flight .
that concerns michael consantino , whose still healthy son goes to the new york high school where people have gotten sick , many of them after coming home from spring break in mexico
rice was referring to recent comments made by iaea chief mohamed elbaradei , in which he criticized us rhetoric about iran .
but his illness reminded voters a new president could be asked to fill several vacancies of retiring justices on the closely divided court .
while most students could find him in his office , working past midnight , unraveling the puzzles of how water travels around the globe , he understood that the mind needed rest .
yet , in a relatively short period of time , humans and their technological arsenal have driven most shark populations to the verge of extinction .
malherbe and van der merwe said in their statement they had acted without malicious intent when they participated in making the video .
the standard poor s is also down points .
the united states accuses iran of fomenting terror attacks worldwide and pursuing a nuclear program that could lead to the development of weaponry .
despite a weekend of negative coverage following his controversial remarks about some small town americans , barack obama appears to be holding steady or making gains in the next three primary states , according to a just released poll .
meanwhile , the korea herald reports north korea offered carrots and sticks of its own saturday after the u . n .
comedian russell brand , , and talkshow host jonathan ross , , have been at the center of a row after they attempted to contact comedy actor andrew sachs for an interview on brand s weekend radio show earlier this month .
the elusive commander was in charge of day to day military operations for the taliban and , according to isaf , his death has struck a serious blow to the resurgent taliban in the region .
in , when the british broadcasting corp . aired a short documentary on the same subject , archaeologists challenged the claims .
four briefing rooms and a separate office for news transmission will be set up in seoul and gwacheon , and one briefing room in daejeon .
i can t stop touring , and i won t , he says emphatically . i believe i have a responsibility to play for people .
the meeting is the result of pressure from washington which has been warning iraq s leaders to work harder on unity .
they also raided seven other places including the homes of five lone star officials including yoo hoe won , ceo of lone star advisor korea , and chung huh joo , representative of hudson advisor korea , and hudson advisor s document storehouse in paju , kyonggi province .
in south korea , the korea composite stock price index , or kospi , fell . percent to , . by early afternoon .
it s the first molecular evidence of this link between birds and dinosaurs , said john asara , a harvard medical school researcher , whose results were published in friday s edition of the journal science .
the gnp has failed to incorporate the changing security environment of northeast asia in the post cold war era into its policy platform .
the year old was earlier arrested at a hospital in the capital , phnom penh , and taken to face the panel of judges .
and while the serial infidelities of the females does ensure a broader genetic mix to help the survival of the endangered species , it comes at a cost , the zoological society of london zsl said on wednesday .
the same kind of things that make the suburbs an interesting place for children to live .
she would help my father prepare his messages , listening with an attentive ear , and if she saw something that wasn t right or heard something that she felt wasn t as strong as it could be , she was a voice to strengthen this or eliminate that , said her son , franklin , who is now the head of the billy graham evangelistic association .
long rumored to have two children by brad pitt on the way , jolie confirmed the news during a side by side today show interview with black , her kung fu panda co star .
he was going to be a she and so we can go by she out of respect to her , guerrero told the ap .
white house press secretary tony snow will step down from his position as early as next month , sources inside and outside the bush administration told cnn on friday .
to randomly say ok , let s take all the samples from from the tour de france and put them all through testing processes . . . it s futile , it s expensive and it s not going to serve the purpose in the anti doping fight of today .
south korea and china reached a tentative agreement tuesday aimed at cooling off a dispute over who has historical claims to an ancient warrior kingdom .
since july , poland has seen a steep increase in the number of asylum seekers crossing into the country , many from chechnya
the evidence is not enough to prove russia played a role , but it indicates a possibility , defense minister jaak aaviksoo told the associated press by telephone .
the declines were led by the banking industry , with the mining and oil sectors also suffering .
in pakistan tested a homemade ghauri medium range ballistic missile that the u . s . believes originated in north korea .
a genetically engineered version of a natural body chemical that plays a major role in bone growth .
new mapping techniques show how much land would be lost and how many people affected by rapid sea level rises that are often triggered by storms and earthquakes , a u . s . geological survey led team determined .
the ending has come for harry potter .
he said afterwards that alonso , who finished fourth , had not spoken to him since saturday , adding i don t know if he has a problem .
scientists have identified what they believe is the largest octopus ever seen , hauled from the depths near new zealand s remote chatham islands .
they will try their best to prevent any kind of intervention , said gi hyung keum , spokesman for the south korean ministry of culture , sports and tourism .
che stars oscar winner benicio del toro in the title role , for which he won a best actor award at this year s cannes film festival .
us tv networks showed pictures from a video apparently made by the islamic state of iraq , an umbrella group which says it has the two soldiers .
he was nominated for ten oscars , but only won once , one acting award , two honorary oscars .
and not just to resume the same old tactics of talking for the sake of talking .
in washington on tuesday , armitage testified before a congressional hearing of course we re going to have direct talks with the north koreans .
california is clearly up for grabs now . . . unless one or the other gets annihilated , i think they go on to many more tuesdays .
each country will increase the number of participants in the program to , per year by , and , by , the leaders agreed .
campus administrators are waging an all out campaign against binge drinking to protect school facilities from drunkards according to the korea times .
we will hunt down the criminals and confront them , prime minister fuad saniora vowed in a televised speech tuesday evening .
fatah and hamas are working to build a unity government , but tension and fighting between the two factions have left the future of the palestinian government unclear .
hodgkin s disease is a cancer of the lymphatic system .
until now , the focus has been on raising awareness of global poverty and encouraging activists to lobby congress to devote more money to the cause .
abe infuriated the international community in march when he said there was no evidence the women were forced into sex slavery .
the associated press has reported that million to million could be unfrozen by authorities in macau , a semi autonomous territory of china , following the department s action . it could take weeks to release any money .
i think it s really important that all of us pick ourselves up , clean ourselves off , and get ourselves back in the game .
un world press freedom day , to be marked on thursday , has an alarming message that too many journalists are being killed for what they do .
sir , do you have some bread ?
the u . n . resolution requires all member states , in accordance with their national legislation , to prevent the procurement of missiles or missile related items , materials , goods and technology from north korea , and the transfer of any financial resources in relation to the north s programs for weapons of mass destruction .
during the roundtable discussion at yale university , clinton became teary eyed a moment that harkened back to her much talked about display of emotion on the eve of the new hampshire primary when she was introduced by penn rhodeen , a public interest lawyer who worked with clinton when she was in college .
as a candidate , barack obama promoted hybrid cars .
while the u . s . bomb is equivalent to tons of tnt , the russian one is equivalent to tons of regular explosives .
i ve traveled with senator clinton and uh , to a lot of places in the world , uh , i think she is extremely knowledgeable on the issues , i think it s a good team and i think it s a very wise choice .
the row stems from accusations that gonzales concealed from congress a political motivation behind the sacking of the federal prosecutors .
russia s vera zvonareva pulled off a big upset on wednesday as she beat sixth seed amelie mauresmo of france in their kremlin cup opener .
it was only a week ago the rebels attacked an army detachment in southern sri lanka killing six soldiers .
the heaviest arctic blast in nearly three decades has coated the normally sunny city .
world leaders rushed to congratulate president elect barack obama as incumbent george w . bush called his win a testament to hard work , optimism and faith in the enduring promise of our nation .
as the elections near , all indications are that once again the people of zimbabwe will not be able to freely exercise their civil and political rights and vote for the candidates of their choice , the nongovernmental organization said in a page report .
gasoline now costs . on average for regular grade ?
it is increasingly clear , that at present , when it comes to the most demanding tasks in the most challenging parts of afghanistan , only a small number of key allies are prepared to step forward , browne told the house of commons on monday .
guerrillas have stepped up attacks in the final weeks before the election , defying the presence of some , coalition troops and the afghan national army .
next moment i had moved onto a flattish exposed area of snow with nothing by space in every direction , hillary wrote .
washington cnn there is deep concern about the possibility of a terrorist attack in the united states this year because al qaeda may be recruiting and giving explosives training to europeans , many of whom can enter the country without a visa , the director of national intelligence told congress .
might also be a contributing factor .
the staff will also do all they can to provide one on one care when needed for special needs kids , she says , even logging their food allergies into the computer .
the government has formed a high level committee to tackle crucial diplomatic and security issues between seoul and washington as the nations begin negotiations on the reduction of u . s . forces in korea , the national security council announced yesterday .
but since then the team s performance has been poor , including a scoreless draw last month with the maldives in a world cup qualifier .
national tax service commissioner jeon goon pyo was summoned by the prosecution thursday for questioning over his alleged acceptance of bribes and his ensuing attempt to cover this up .
before the clashes began , bhutto said members of her political party were arrested across pakistan on wednesday without any provocation .
iranian officials have not put in any additional requests to visit the public platforms at ground zero , police spokesman paul browne
we need to win in pennsylvania and tomorrow , with your help , we will win , mccain said , pounding his fist on the podium at an event in moon township .
, jackets and around uh , over , sleeping bags .
he said the direction and shape of the holes indicated they were cut from the southern side and no attempt had been made to hide the breach , as would be expected in the case of a north korean infiltration .
there have been calls for crews to be armed or for ships to have a military escort .
barcelona , as roma , schalke and fenerbahce also have made it to the quarterfinals , but premier league clubs will dominate friday s draw .
above the quartet is a high window .
i will continue to preside over pre inquest hearings until lord justice scott baker takes up the appointment in june .
north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan and u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill met for four hours on monday evening for talks and dinner at the waldorf astoria hotel in new york . they left without any comment to waiting reporters .
russian th seed youzhny played
inside the lab , the students were given a description of a fictitious person described as industrious , cautious and determined , and then rated that person s presumed personality traits .
the billion video game industry , forecast an operating profit of billion yen . billion for the year to march , exceeding a consensus of . billion yen in a poll of analysts by reuters estimates .
they are family members of three south korean soldiers two of whom died in the north , while the other returned to south korea early last year .
the sardar bhagat singh college in lucknow , the capital of uttar pradesh , india s most populous state , awards bachelor s degrees in engineering and management .
the company said air cargo services are to continue .
bright matonga , zanu pf s deputy information minister , also rejected reports of a deal .
when it was over , players and coaches streamed out of the dugout and mobbed price , eventually falling to the ground in a cluster that continued to grow when others began leaping on the pile .
the new project has a different goal
pennsylvania votes april while indiana and north carolina vote two weeks later on may .
he also promised almost . billion in increased spending on old age pensions , workers compensation and other forms of social security .
roh made the instruction during a meeting with his senior aides at the presidential office .
research , including the future and origins of culture , language , tool use and language in ape species , was brought to a standstill , officials said .
he says the feds should look into whether any crimes have been committed now
south africa is a leading producer of gold and platinum and has some of the deepest mines in the world some over two miles underground .
the preliminary report , dated friday , showed south korea held billion in equities , billion in long term debt , and billion in short term debt .
water flowed through the crack into a nearby fjord and from there into the sea , leaving behind a dry lake bed littered with icebergs , scientists told chilean state television tuesday .
the candidates were crisscrossing iowa , appearing at rallies , house parties , restaurants wherever voters can be found .
to invest in social infrastructure , such as school dormitories , child care facilities and geriatric institutions .
gerry mccann said he and his wife , kate , had taken strength from the spiritual outpouring around the world .
my captors tell me that very promising negotiations were ruined when the hamas movement and the british government decided to press for a military solution to this kidnapping , and the situation is now very serious , he said .
ingrassia joined dow jones in as a reporter in the journal s chicago bureau , and served as chief in various bureaus .
russia s decision to begin shipping nuclear fuel to iran followed a u . s . intelligence report released earlier this month that concluded tehran had stopped its nuclear weapons program in late and had not resumed it since .
all of which underscores the many problems with cloning technology .
both have been involved in breakthroughs in screening for hiv and efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus .
beijing , china cnn two cargo ships collided on china s yangtze river wednesday morning , killing at least sailors , the state run news agency said .
georgia department of natural resources spokesman ben johnson said the hunt for the gator would resume thursday or friday once the media buzz and local spectator interest has calmed .
however , kim did not rule out the possibility that the patient could have ordinary bacterial pneumonia .
a federal investigation looked into the leaking of plame s cia identity to journalists .
mccann declined to comment on lohan s blood alcohol level .
this prompted a senior us senator to call for all toys being imported into the country from china to be inspected .
fighting in baghdad continued through the weekend after al maliki issued his call for the mehdi army to disband .
occupied east jerusalem was placed out of bounds by a bellicose israeli campaign to decree the divided city off limits to palestinians in the west bank and gaza and to claim it as israel s eternal , undivided capital .
italy s transport ministry demanded the strikers return to work wednesday because of damages to the community , but the truck drivers said they would continue striking .
like all his classmates , insoo s main means of communication with his buddies is text messaging .
klages , , has begun a quest to discover who porulski was , and how her family came to be the custodian of his remarkable artistic legacy .
paramedics tried to revive him but failed and he was declared dead at the cafe , it said .
the prime minister has faced calls for his resignation in the wake of saturday s polls .
clinton and obama both planned to stump in indiana on wednesday , following clinton s decisive win in pennsylvania .
the typhoon with winds of up to m per second made landfall at on wednesday , the xinhua news agency reported .
they were granted amnesty last thursday by iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , who said they were freed as an easter gift and in respect for the recent anniversary of the prophet muhammed s birth .
and the countries are partners in international efforts to persuade north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons .
often produced by the same manufacturers
the stylish star was showered with confetti as he held his no . jersey up to his gray suit .
the rise immediately followed remarks by bank of korea governor lee seong tae about the currency yesterday .
the couple has donated million to help kids affected by the war in iraq , the education partnership for children of conflict announced wednesday .
earlier , olmert also met with bush , explaining to reporters that this visit was different because we re going to have lots of participants involved .
the drug enforcement administration said the street value of the drugs is , for the cocaine , . million for the heroin and , for the ecstasy .
at the same time , competition from mcdonald s new coffee offerings and dunkin donuts u . s . expansion has heated up in recent months .
a group of four north korean defectors tried to seek asylum by entering a south korean school in beijing on tuesday , but they were arrested on the school grounds by chinese security officers .
the so called surge of additional troops this year , she said , made an undeniable dent in curbing violence and restoring security in the country .
what s done is done .
turkey suspended its military ties with france last year after the french parliament s lower house adopted a bill that would have made it a crime to deny that the armenian killings constituted a genocide .
the ibm pc was introduced to the world years ago at a press conference in new york on august , .
argentine striker carlos tevez completed his move to manchester united on friday , the premier league champions said .
the u . s . department of agriculture estimates that half of yellowstone s bison herd is infected with the bacterium .
the poll is non binding but , barring a major surprise , correspondents say ban looks set to take the top role .
another , people were axed in .
the afghan government has said it will not release prisoners , because it could encourage more kidnappings .
cnn international s business editor todd benjamin says the activity is all based on the belief that the u . s . is in recession .
some said democrat barack obama would raise taxes if elected , while said republican john mccain would also .
welcome to pompeii .
clinton reported raising million in all of march , according to campaign finance reports filed last weekend .
if we are not to win the tour this year , we will come back next year , he said . but you know vino , he has never been stronger than when things become harder .
quoting u . s . officials who were briefed on the talks , the post reported beijing was considering other measures to influence north korea .
earlier , another senior ministry official made clear his opposition to a possible u . s . pre emptive strike on north korea in the event of no breakthrough being made in the multilateral talks .
blueberries contain polyphenol compounds called anthocyanins and proanthocyanins that may play a role in preserving memory .
the remainder are to be fitted with devices to reduce the level of fumes which escape when vehicles fill up .
it s the first time that vitamin d has been linked to breast cancer progression .
repeated efforts to reach jamal jafaar mohammed for comment through the parliament , through the ruling shiite muslim coalition and the badr organization the iranian backed paramilitary organization he once led have been unsuccessful .
video footage shows her exiting the vehicle after the blasts .
caffeine is dangerous during pregnancy , li said , because it can cross through the placenta to the fetus and can be difficult for the fetus to metabolize the caffeine .
it company executives offered varying explanations for the email disruptions , but agreed they were not a result of standard technical problems .
in a japanese town bearing obama s name , jubilation took a few minutes to translate from the group of american teachers to the local crowd , which also cheered o ba ma !
it is also demanding the removal of the american nuclear threat to the region .
she allegedly went to the airport early february , donned a wig , glasses , hat and raincoat , and followed shipman from baggage claim to the parking lot .
the us maintains north korea must end all its nuclear activities , whether for making weapons or producing energy , to receive aid and diplomatic concessions .
the main u . s . envoy to the talks , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , has said the experts would take steps that would require the north to take at least a year for the reactor to be restarted .
already the slowdown has cost us tens of thousands of jobs in january alone .
the flight had taken off from urumqi , the capital of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region .
japanese girl born to indian surrogate arrives home
the refugee agency reports that monetary considerations , including lack of work in syria and expired visas , are cited by percent of refugees as why they are returning to iraq .
vehicles on all portland roads were required to have snow chains , kgw said , but drivers were advised to stay off roads completely .
the discussions were boycotted by the opposition , who are also unrepresented on the new committee .
critics have also challenged roh s economic policies , saying he raised taxes , created higher unemployment and caused real estate prices to soar .
u . s . stocks slumped thursday as the treasury considered buying stakes in struggling banks .
about elderly people from all areas of the community on thursday threatened to push for another impeachment motion against president roh moo hyun unless he apologizes for his recent comment in support of scrapping the anti communist national security law .
space elevator would take humans into orbit
suri cruise is the most popular kid on the playground .
acting us cia director john mclaughlin says there s no proof that iran officially sanctioned .
while drivers of conventional gasoline powered vehicles complain about higher fuel prices , clients of the san francisco garage are investing big bucks to make their green cars even greener .
police used water cannon to disperse the militants who left a trail of destruction in the harbor city , just days before chancellor angela merkel hosts the group of eight g leaders in the nearby resort of heiligendamm for their annual meeting .
at present we have a tether which is made of carbon nanotube , and has one third or one quarter of the strength required to make a space elevator . we expect that we will have strong enough cable in the s or s , tsuchida said .
if you re going to find common ground .
the relay received warmer receptions over the weekend in argentina and tanzania .
but there were tricky and difficult issues the family had to suddenly confront , as several aid organizations quickly offered their services .
chief government negotiator martha karua , asked about the negotiations at the nairobi airport , said , all i can say is that the talks are progressing and that a substantive agreement has not been hammered out .
turkey s private ntv television quoted foreign minister abdullah gul as saying reports of a cross border operation were false .
the core cpi was lifted by a . percent jump in energy prices .
the belgian top seed was forced to dig deep , saving five of russian sharapova s six break points in the final set , and of overall .
there were thousands of responses and amnesty international was born .
wade refused to identify the officer but said the person had been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of the investigation .
nokia , the world s top cell phone maker , said about incidents of such overheating had been reported globally , but none had involved serious injuries or property damage .
inflation hit a peak of . percent this year , while real estate and stock prices also have soared , posing a challenge to policymakers whose options are limited by china s continued controls on the currency and capital markets .
torre moved from one storied franchise to another , getting a three year contract .
producer george stevens wants to hear music more fitting for a presidential inauguration than for a hip hop or rock concert .
in a report , the korea economic research institute , which is affiliated with the federation of korean industries fki , predicted that if the north korean nuclear issue is not promptly dealt with , it would trigger an ebb in national confidence and cause an outflow of foreign investments , reducing growth to . percent .
in shanghai , where the special olympics is taking place , the city government canceled vacations for flood control workers and was drafting plans to drain competition sites , the agency said .
amnesty international has welcomed the country s reform of death penalty laws and allowing foreign journalists greater freedoms , but said they were overshadowed by a hardline crackdown of peaceful dissent .
she scored in the th , th and th minutes to become the nation s leading scorer of all time in world cup play with goals .
while cholla was not eligible to win any cash prizes , he obtained a special mention , del favero said .
the ftse itself was up . points at . .
asia s top oil importers join forces to eliminate the premium added to their purchases from the middle east .
south korea maintains a mandatory draft system under which all able bodied men over must serve in the military for to months .
thaksin a multi billionaire who bought manchester city football club last year said he intended to stay out of politics now he is back in the country .
neither shoe hit the out going president .
once transmitted to earth , the frames were assembled into a single image that reveals a bewildering array of galactic shapes and colors .
heads up if you re parents or grandparents , or in a nursing home .
a hurricane watch remains in effect for honduras west of limon , for the caribbean coast of guatemala , and for the entire coast of belize .
but the keeper covered herself in glory in the nd minute when , with the germans ahead , brazil were awarded a penalty when cristiane was brought down .
on june , the u . s . government will implement the full requirements of the land and sea phase of the western hemisphere travel initiative whti .
army chief of staff kim jang soo may be nominated as the new defense minister and lee jae jeong , senior vice president of the national unification advisory council is tapped to be the new unification minister .
according to poll results by the public opinion foundation last week , percent said stalin did more good than bad for the country compared to percent who believe the opposite .
maliki hopes that by announcing such a large release in one go it will help win over more members of the sunni community and undermine support for the insurgency .
north korea revived old accusations that south korea has consistently resisted , and hampered efforts to improve inter korean ties .
that s mean , that was mean , one companion says off camera , addressing the alleged puppy thrower by his last name .
in the coastal districts of bagerhat , barisal and bhola , residents said the storm flattened thousands of flimsy straw and mud huts , and uprooted trees and electric poles .
he was a loner , and we re having difficulty finding information about him , said larry hincker , associate vice president for university relations .
i saw after working in military technology i wanted to do something more civilian , more useful so i decided to switch to solar energy because it is similar to infrared detectors , tsuo recalls .
we ve got to bring florida home in our victory column , and you need to do it between now and november the th and get our vote up .
he graduated from the academy of visual arts in tilburg , holland in and set up his own studio in rotterdam the following year .
meryl streep , who plays a suspicious school principal , sister aloysius , in the film , was nominated in the lead actress category .
the girl swam by moving like a dolphin and would sometimes paddle with her bound hands .
the stop and question power would enable police to interrogate people about who they are , where they have been and where they were going , the sunday times said . police would not need to suspect a crime had taken place .
and buried beneath its weight .
other cases working their way through state courts have so far reached differing conclusions .
by naming a date , bryza appeared to put up pressure on saakashvili to act .
it will not pose a threat to aircraft or people on the ground , but it may put on a show .
born in ulster county , new york , and raised in brooklyn , leona helmsley worked as a model and at other part time jobs .
beijing , china cnn german chancellor angela merkel is expected to push for tougher global action against climate change and ending human rights abuses in darfur in meetings with top chinese officials on monday .
pakistani president pervez musharraf picked at least seven allies thursday to fill posts in the caretaker government , according to state run media .
the film showed eight men standing against a pkk flag with mountains in the background .
it is just a non binding declaration and we have no plan to review our policy of allowing therapeutic cloning , the ministry s manager kim heon joo said .
medieval masons used lime in their mortar , so did sattui . in the old days , lamps were made by hand , each a little bit different , so are his .
mills , , was shielded from photographers by a man holding a large black cloth as she entered the building .
microsoft said it would cooperate fully with the commission s investigation and provide any and all information necessary .
the ambitions of some americans are limited by failing schools and hidden prejudice and the circumstances of their birth .
i wanted to stay away from oh , put your hands all over me type thing , because i haven t experienced that yet so the fact that i would sing it would be really dumb plus i don t feel comfortable singing stuff like that , sparks , who turns in december , said with a giggle .
the ap s mark lavie reports from tel aviv that the stand down opens a window for diplomats
it s not the person that has been appointed , it s the appointee .
the mumps vaccine
beaded lamps , surfing inspired prints and mod furnishings make for six appealing and spacious rooms .
the two envoys are expected to sign the trade pact later in the day , a deal would allow direct shipping links across the taiwan strait and would further expand the number of weekly passenger flights from to .
the ap s mike grossia reports that there is a prediction that low gas prices could be with us for a while .
several carried banners , including one that said save the kids , with drawings of children s faces .
the security forces seem incapable of stopping this carnage , and in some cases , they actually stand by while the killing goes on , lone said . for sure , international assistance is needed .
that number is higher than it was two years ago , when percent of whites and percent of blacks felt the same way .
thanks to today s amendments , the good old days of liberal strippergate will be a thing of the past .
toto has been a pioneer in high tech toilets fitted with pressurized water sprayers a standard fixture in japanese homes .
two days later , the republicans seeking the gop nomination will debate the same top issues of the day . read the cnn political ticker for up to the minute reports from new hampshire
gazprom responded by saying they were not to blame .
i d like to dedicate this to the man himself , che guevara , said del toro .
seven of the planes have crashed , one in serbia in .
the casualties included both passengers in the train and others who were waiting on the platform , police said .
thailand has been in political turmoil since the military led a coup against thaksin and his legally elected government while he was out of the country last september .
jakarta , indonesia reuters an eight year old indonesian boy died after being attacked by a komodo dragon in a national park in the east of the country , an official said .
her parents , shambhu and poonam , hid her after a circus apparently tried to buy the girl , according to a report in the hindustan times .
on the day that bush announced he would create a national intelligence czar and counterterrorism center to help prevent another terrorist attack , kerry said the self described war president was not acting fast enough to protect americans .
microsoft had leveraged its pc monopoly in which it is unfairly advantaged .
charisma is a tricky thing .
the associated press reported that officials said at least people had been killed and injured .
however , more than seven out of supported the continued presence of u . s .
after sitting on the couch for five months my passion and motivation is even stronger than ever , she said .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved this material may not be published . rewritten or redistributed .
bush also said he was confident of persuading nato members to back u . s . missile defense plans , which includes building bases in member states poland and the czech republic .
the government is estimating that , structures were damaged or destroyed , leaving , people homeless , weber said .
park jae seung , the head of the committee , insisted on keeping the guidelines .
diyala military operations command .
but it said it was not known to which tribe they belonged .
bank melli goes to extraordinary lengths to assist iran s pursuit of a nuclear capability and ballistic missiles , while also helping other designated entities to dodge sanctions , said stuart levey , under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence .
north korean leader kim jong il was at pyongyang s airport sunday for hu s departure , china s official xinhua news agency reported .
olsen portrays one of the dealer s customers , who winds up kissing kingsley s character .
this is the first time that the main bourse market value has exceeded the , trillion won mark .
it s possible that you d find a more sympathetic jury , certainly a more pro gun jury .
ma s nationalist party has said diverting money from municipal funds is common for taiwanese local leaders , and is approved by government auditors .
the mccanns were named as official suspects in september by portuguese investigators .
christopher dodd and patrick leahy , said friday that clinton should rethink her chances of overcoming that deficit and consider folding her campaign .
officials say at least people were confirmed dead after the plane skidded off the runway in strong winds and driving rain on sunday .
that report also forecast that temperatures could rise by . to . celsius . to . f this century .
cnn most people are vaccinated against pertussis as kids .
the move is intended to help spur the domestic cartoon industry , the agency said .
on june wednesday , the north acknowledged publicly for the first time that it has a nuclear weapons program .
a u . s . soldier and two civilians were wounded .
rahman , a christian for years , was charged with rejecting islam and potentially faced the death penalty .
only the pyramid s base or the superstructure , as archeologists call it was found after a foot high mound of sand was removed over the past year and a half by hawass team .
when asked about the discrepancy , state department spokesman sean mccormack was vague , calling it an incident involving a cargo ship that was contracted by the u . s . department of defense to transit u . s . department of defense materials . . . through the suez canal .
the ap s steve gutterman reports from moscow
the korea times reports the number of civilian posts in the ministry will increase on a gradual basis , as part of efforts to reform the army dominated military .
the attacks have also
precise casualty figures were not available but two afghan officials said more than people had been killed , including at least police . a dutch soldier also died , and three others were wounded .
by guaranteeing month periods of rest and re training between tours in iraq , and by increasing the size of the us army and marines , it is believed that gates hopes to avoid much more serious problems a few years down the line .
mcclaren is keen to include gerrard at the heart of his side .
chicago news station wls reported saturday that julian was not with balfour when he was detained .
i will not take it as a complete sign until we ve seen that disablement , but obviously disablement is an important step forward .
tama merchandise abounds , empty train carriages are now full and the line is no longer facing bankruptcy .
see where and how these rulers lived , harrison ford s deep voice beckons just before double doors swing open into a labyrinth of galleries displaying more than ancient egyptian artifacts .
latest offer we see is for more than , .
it is necessary to restructure the court .
i expect the death toll to rise , as there still victims trapped under the concrete , said dang van tam , director of central can tho general hospital .
it said it was vital to keep watch for new threats like the emergence in of sars , or severe acute respiratory syndrome , which spread from china to countries and killed people .
the army sources gave no details on how the protesters died but said the situation is gradually coming under control .
the year old actress is citing irreconcilable differences .
from his beginning as a a week san francisco , california , radio singer , griffin moved on as vocalist for freddy martin s band , sometime film actor and tv game and talk show host .
the department of health and human services has declared a public health emergency as a precautionary tool , to insure we have the resources we need at our disposal to respond quickly and effectively .
britain and russia have each expelled four diplomats in a spat over the murder and moscow s refusal to extradite the chief suspect in the case .
a missing pair of pants has led to one big suit .
because the time for change has come , you know it !
according to the ministry , about , foreigners are residing here with the d visa japanese investors ranked first with , , followed by chinese with , .
old cities , especially in america , will continue to decline , creating social and racial problems .
police violently dispersed a number of opposition rallies organized by kasparov s group this year , and kasparov was jailed for five days after a rally in moscow last month .
other nearby buildings have been evacuated , officials said .
a majority of the american visa applicants said they were frustrated with korean staff for their lack of kindness during interviews , according to a survey , which sampled people in seoul .
he recently got an official diagnosis
since the march balloting , there have been numerous reports from tsvangirai s party and church groups about kidnappings , torture and other violence , including the deaths of opposition party members .
most pakistani nuclear weapons use highly enriched uranium , it noted .
illinois department of transportation spokesman mike claffey said , trucks were out clearing snow sunday .
meanwhile , crash rates increased . percent in the rest of the state , where the school schedules had not been adjusted .
the manufacturers only try to persuade customers to buy the product by creating a desire for it .
maradona , later this week , will be assisted by carlos bilardo who will fill the post of director of football as argentina bid to clinch qualification for the world cup finals in south africa .
the hostages have been held for several years by the left wing revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known as the farc for its spanish acronym .
the vehicle displayed two holes in the metal grille in the front .
some officials at the russian embassy in seoul were reportedly discontented with lee s overseas visit schedule in which russia is placed last of the four powers .
the mayor of the japanese city of nagasaki was shot dead in a brazen attack tuesday by an organized crime chief apparently enraged that the city refused to compensate him after his car was damaged at a public works construction site , news agencies reported .
two south koreans from the group have already been killed by their captors .
during the raids , dubbed operation summer solstice , the fbi seized more than , cds with a claimed market value of million .
a deep sea fishing trip was out of the question for cynthia white , a year old retiree from fort myers , florida , who spent hours before the storm watching waves break against the resort s famous rock arch .
wu did not produce any evidence to back up the claims but said china would release proof later .
a second person died later , police said .
visit the whale watching center in depoe bay to learn the best spots to view the grays .
if you ve gone this far , book a ride to milford sound , the glacier carved fjord about five hours from queenstown .
some on wall street said the free fall including a percent decline in represents the best buying opportunity for starbucks shares in years as sales comparisons against year ago results get easier later this year .
the move does not mean the case has been closed , prosecutors said .
five days later , she was eating normally and was sent home .
we re still several years away from having in vitro meat be available to the general public .
last week , organizers rolled out the red carpet for athletes arriving at the special olympics in shanghai , china .
it is also the worst start by any defending champions . united lie th in the table , trailing their neighbors by seven points and chelsea by five .
her friends all watch sex and the city , and even her mother has heard of california and new york .
afghan girl begs for bread , prays for help
business leaders also called on the constitutional court to deliver its ruling promptly , saying the country s exports and foreign direct investment would shrink should the situation continue .
the korea times reports police on wednesday beefed up security around the islam mosque in seoul after some people , agitated by the death of the south korean hostage kim sun il on tuesday in iraq , made threats on muslims .
i could not possibly make him come from the usa and not play him , capello said at a news conference tuesday .
a marine biologist steve o shea had provisionally identified the specimen , caught at a depth of more than meters , as haliphron atlanticus , a bright red , jelly like species of octopus not previously found in the south pacific .
two weeks after the devastating quake , survivors are huddling in cardboard shelters in desperate , unhygienic conditions , said doctors without borders spokesman francois dumont , speaking from the village of guadalupe .
a former steamboat port , irvington is reestablishing itself as the hub of the state s northern neck .
sprinters or weightlifters , on the other hand , have muscle rich in fast twitch , type ii fibers .
more than billion people live in low lying areas where a sudden surge in sea level could prove as disastrous as the asian tsunami , according to new research presented on thursday .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of leading us conservative evangelist , jerry falwell , in the town of lynchburg , virginia .
power companies cannot predict when they ll get all the lights back on .
the impact , known by scientists as k t , threw so much dust into the atmosphere that the resulting darkness killed plants that many dinosaurs relied on for food .
the case captured headlines around the world , with bloggers debating whether web postings constituted cheating .
the supreme prosecutors office said it sent some investigators to the keb headquarters in uljiro in downtown seoul early in the morning and searched finance departments and the office of the bank s president , richard wacker .
harry is supposed to have made the remarks in in an airport departure lounge as soldiers waited to go on a training exercise .
blair replaces the quartet s previous envoy , former world bank president james wolfensohn who last year resigned in frustration at the lack of progress .
chinese president hu jintao has arrived in the us for the start of a state visit which will focus on trade relations between the two countries .
the charity had said the children were orphans from sudan s war torn darfur region and were being taken to foster families in france .
enya celebrates winter
the former president has been hospitalized twice at yonsei university s severance hospital in seoul earlier this year due to pneumonia like symptoms .
it has been down more than points since the opening bell ?
beijing s continuing distortion of history is no longer tolerable , said rep . woo sang ho , spokesman of the governing uri party .
details of the plan are still being worked out by his economic team , obama said , but he hopes to sign the two year , nationwide plan shortly after taking office january .
he said he would put together a special task force to help deal with the problem and called on the international community to help .
the death comes amid great turmoil in the country s real estate industry .
but in new york , the statement did little to ease pressure on the markets with the dow jones closing down around points .
her first hand experience of the divide between the healthcare available in richer countries , and that on offer in poorer ones , has given her the impetus to try and narrow the gap .
the world no . won against the unseeded frenchman , who was playing his first final in a top tier tournament .
two islamic militant groups fighting indian rule in kashmir have denied any involvement in the attacks .
another brother , shahnawaz , died mysteriously in france in .
of the latest discoveries are from the countryside .
investigators also have interviewed tattoo artists about the motives of their customers .
the remaining troops would be used to train iraqi military and police forces , provide backup for iraqi troops and protect supply lines for british , u . s . and allied troops who remained .
the news came as the main opposition party in zimbabwe said its leader had won the presidential elections , an assertion the country s information minister disregarded as an attempt to wreak mayhem and panic .
we need to get these guns off the street and we do not allow people to run around and randomly shoot people , he added .
earlier that year president bush labeled pyongyang part of the axis of evil .
a bit of a problem here , and we understand it is not fatal for the obama appointee for treasury secretary the man who would oversee the irs supposedly forgot to pay some taxes .
there is something of an after dinner joke here .
he was released in in exchange for agreeing to years of exile in saudi arabia .
stamos arakas , the florist , said that he and his wife , paula , tried to match the color of the hydrangeas with a picture glatt had given them , but explained to her that the colors might not look the same .
the producers of an off broadway show are giving away free tickets to anyone who can demonstrate his or her chastity .
bao , , and xia , , married in a civil ceremony in march .
exiled russian multi millionaire and critic of russian president vladimir putin , boris berezovsky
michigan governor jennifer granholm says the auto industry crisis is urgent
organizers said about , people took part in the march , which has been held every year since on the sunday before june . police put the figure at , .
his billions gave chelsea massive spending power to win two successive premier league titles under jose mourinho and accelerated the trend of foreign ownership in english football .
prince , , became chief executive of citigroup in october .
she has wins to just one for meunier lebouc , who won the state farm classic last year .
puerta s collapse overshadowed an impressive start to the new campaign by the uefa cup holders .
greenpeace said increased brazilian ethanol production could cause social unrest because most brazilian sugarcane ethanol operations are run by wealthy families or corporations that reap most of the benefits while the poor are left to cut the cane with machetes . graffiti reading get out , bush !
a baby s growth is based on a combination of her birth size and the size she s genetically programmed to be
she told police she only wanted to talk with shipman . watch what it takes to become an astronaut
japan s beleaguered pm shinzo abe has started campaigning for upper house elections , knowing that a heavy defeat could propel him from office .
senior officials from north and south korea will hold talks today after a month hiatus to discuss the ever intensifying standoff over pyongyang s endeavor to develop nuclear weapons and normalize the inter korean dialogue .
they are believed to be ground to ship or ship to ship missiles with a range of some km .
sarkozy divorced his wife of years , cecilia , in october . the couple had been dogged by persistent rumors of infidelities on both sides and said the divorce was by mutual consent .
according to a new quinnipiac university poll , both democratic candidates beat mccain by a gap well outside the margin of error .
police said there were unconfirmed reports of six people injured .
but in britain , where the ioc is due to meet on tuesday , trade unionists said tougher action was needed to make sure that the olympic games in london were not tarnished by similar accusations .
the korea times reports that veteran financier david eldon , the only foreign national on president elect lee myung bak s transition committee , said sunday that south korea should take a more friendly attitude toward foreign investors to attract investment .
in response , critics say the korean government may become the first in the world to decide the admission standards of private institutions .
obama criticized mccain s stance on the war and said , we can t keep on spending money that we don t have on a war that should have never been fought and should have never been authorized .
societe generale bank shares fell nearly percent to . about monday , according to the associated press .
details about college enrollment and employment rates will have to be disclosed and mergers and acquisitions among schools will be allowed .
all this latest economic news may be rattling those folks with good jobs and good credit .
do whatever it takes to end crime
any woman who s ever watched sex and the city has at some point tried to guess which of the characters she s most like .
a famous call for american independence from britain .
two other officers from the ministry headquarters and bereaved family members also left for the war torn country by way of dubai .
i was told i needed to come to the u . s . embassy for an interview and bring a doctor s letter stating i was fit to travel , sseruma , hiv coordinator for charity christian aid , told cnn .
jon , it s another record drop in house prices .
he says he has a church paid salary of , but lives more lavishly than that .
suspicions about the diversion of the rice aid have lingered for a long time following a series of statements made by north korean defectors .
what s going on in there .
burrell , who returned to britain from his home in florida to give evidence , was the first star witness of the london inquest , now in its fourth month .
gusmao , who won four medals at the pan ams , was ranked th in the world in the meter freestyle .
london metropolitan police said there were approximately arrests for a range of public order offences .
john davis says he shouldn t have to pay a ticket for driving along the shoulder of a boston highway .
at the dawn of the new millennium , the u . n . population division forecast that . billion people would inhabit the earth at mid century but a new revision of the estimate projects a lower population of . billion .
the locks and the arkin upset
chelsea football club owner roman abramovich is also a major player on this list .
in addition , bush and vice president dick cheney will testify in one joint private session before all commission members , with one commission staff member present to take notes .
in the first minutes , the dow up points , nasdaq ahead .
gm has suffered falling sales , a drop in market share and high labor costs .
they should also provide products and services that support adaptation and mitigation of climate change .
nine former and current employees of kia motors and related companies were indicted yesterday on charges of illegally transferring core automobile production technology to china , prosecutors said yesterday .
bush shrugged off fresh attacks from chavez , his primary south american adversary .
korea s newfound hero , hines ward , a half korean who won the most valuable player in this year s super bowl , said he expects to learn more about his heritage during this trip to the country of his birth .
though most of crichton s books were major best sellers involving science , he could ruffle feathers when he took on social issues .
president bush s last state of the union will focus on iraq and the economy , but he also will say he is entering a congressional fray over earmarking taxpayer dollars , administration officials said .
that compares to million new cases in , the report found .
aramco is the world s largest oil producer , located on the country s east coast .
the film has prompted protests in other parts of the muslim world .
the only attorney for the teens who has been publicly identified did not return calls from cnn , and his assistant cited the gag order as the reason .
the clinton camp , in particular , had been pushing for a re vote because it believed the new york senator would have done well , and it viewed the re vote as an opportunity to narrow the lead that obama has built up in the delegate count .
ex the police detained him for questioning .
at a larger demonstration in istanbul , about marchers organized by the small communist party of turkey chanted down with american imperialism and get out rice .
an iraq court on sunday sentenced three former aides to saddam hussein , including the man known as chemical ali , to death by hanging for their role in a s genocide campaign that that killed up to , kurds .
one of the pilgrims , nasir sultan , told the associated press the explosion threw him out of the vehicle . i could see lots of burned bodies , he told ap .
an armed standoff is over at a georgia motel .
khan s party has campaigned for an independent judiciary .
the newspaper reported that north korea is also likely to repeat demands for a lifting of u . s . financial sanctions and to be taken off the list of terrorist sponsor countries when the six party talks reconvene .
some counties remain entirely dry , banning alcohol sales altogether , and . beer is still sold in six states colorado , kansas , minnesota , missouri , oklahoma and utah , according to modern brewery age magazine .
the decision to make public this man s picture was not one which was taken lightly , said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol s trafficking in human beings unit .
the senior officials stressed that the flights are carrying only supplies for lebanese forces , and the u . s . military has no intention of involving its troops in the fighting , which began sunday .
coach ottmar hitzfeld was delighted with his side s seventh win as they remain the only unbeaten side in the bundesliga .
but it s an issue that raises major privacy concerns what one civil liberties expert says should concern all americans .
putin was asked about comments attributed to former u . s . secretary of state madeleine albright suggesting that siberia had too many natural resources to belong to one country .
most model results indicate that known technological options could achieve a broad range of atmospheric co stabilization levels over the next years or more , but implementation would require associated socio economic and institutional changes , it said .
some fishermen and environmentalists believe the sharp decline is related to increased water exports from the san joaquin sacramento river delta .
admit that it exists ?
democrats overwhelmingly approve of the choice , with two thirds of independents agreeing and republicans split evenly on the pick .
the things that worry us most are anything which stops a dog from breathing , walking or moving freely , kisko said .
it is the first time seoul officials have acknowledged that a north korean spy posing as an asylum seeker has reached the south .
the territory has been run by the united nations since , when nato carried out a bombing campaign to drive out serb forces and halt the killing and expulsion of albanians during a two year separatist war .
the reverend carl moeller says there are only about , gaza christians left .
dramatic moves by the bush administration .
the fbi is investigating whether the saudi arabian government funneled money to associates of two of the september hijackers .
martine dardenne of the green party , told reuters before the vote
the bombing is the latest to hit sri lanka since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
the main orbiter will stay in position for about a year , the associated press reported .
the paris court faulted the company for carelessness .
ronaldo heaped praise on the teammates who helped him score goals in all competitions last season , a remarkable total for a wide player .
you can walk in and ask about sexual functions .
the seoul metropolitan police agency said wednesday that it detected the organized school gang , seoul yonhap , comprised of students from smaller gangs in schools and urged them to voluntarily disband .
analysts say the arrest is a major victory for indonesian security forces in their fight against islamic militants .
u . s . denied north korean proposal for mutual disarmament talks .
they don t want to stick out their necks , by spending heavily on player production , until they re assured that the most popular movies are available on discs .
two weeks after the births , doctors still won t permit skin to skin contact .
the new bases can deploy about rodong missiles with a range of up to , kilometers and ssn missiles with a range of , , kilometers , the report claimed .
one girl , angela , , told human rights watch she was told to shoot a friend when she joined colombia s farc guerrillas . watch children drilled for war in the mud
korea s birthrate fell in to the lowest level on record , and among the world s lowest , as fewer women opted to get married and couples waited longer to tie the knot , a government report said yesterday .
yeltsin s body will remain on public display until wednesday afternoon , when it will be taken for burial in a state funeral at the novodevichy cemetery on the outskirts of moscow a break from the tradition of burying kremlin leaders in red square .
turkey has threatened to extend its military campaign against the pkk into northern iraq , claiming its fighters are hiding in the rugged mountain region . it says the u . s . and iraq are not doing enough to stop cross border attacks .
he father cried , and the son soothed him .
police say the bombings may have been suicide attacks .
it s just another day at work for the year old man , who has been disposing of the bodies of three or four children , rich and poor , in the polluted waters of the yamuna or in the equally dirty river bank every day for the past decade .
he said the best solution to tackling extremism was to end what he called the dictatorship rule of incumbent pakistani leader pervez musharraf .
however , deep brain stimulation also has a correspondingly greater risk of problems , such as infection , because of the complicated surgery , according to the study published tuesday in the journal of the american medical association .
however , a senior u . s . official said some officials had expected ahmadinejad to announce in his speech sunday that iran had put those centrifuges in place .
a gas tax holiday , government backed mortgages they re all part of an economic revival plan that a top aide to gop sen . john mccain described tuesday as big and ambitious .
japanese vice foreign minister itsunori onodera announced the incident at an international seminar for african and asian delegates to the international whaling commission .
report by the european chamber of commerce in china adds to mounting complaints that beijing is violating world trade organization commitments by trying to nurture chinese companies at the expense of foreign rivals .
but prominent japanese scholars and politicians routinely deny direct military involvement or the use of force in rounding up the women , blaming private contractors for any abuses .
the white house welcomed king abdullah s decision , but national security council spokesman gordon johndroe stressed that this is obviously a matter for the saudi arabians and king abdullah .
at least , people died in the . magnitude earthquake which struck south of the city of yogyakarta . countries around the world have promised aid for the devastated region .
a few hours earlier , three people were killed and injured in the rusafi district of central baghdad when a motorcycle rigged with explosives blew up , the ministry said .
but , the officials say , the degree of what might be in the works and timing of any potential attack remain unknown .
at the same time , there are internet cafes and hour bookstores , and you d be hard pressed to meet someone who doesn t carry a cell phone .
blackwater contractors are part of the estimated , plus employees of private security firms who are working in iraq , guarding diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials .
he said he was duped into believing that kuo was working for a taiwanese business that would hire him .
fossett was born in jackson , tennessee , but grew up in california , where he attended stanford university , graduating with a degree in economics in .
dubbed one vote , the bipartisan political push aims to get president bush s successor to commit to taking concrete steps to combat hunger and disease while improving access to education and water across the globe .
stocks jumped in the first moments of trade wednesday as investors pushed the dow over the , level after better than expected economic figures and good corporate earnings .
it apparently showed young men , including the six suspects arrested , firing guns as they shouted allah akbar god is great .
obama has , delegates to clinton s , , according to the latest cnn estimate .
the bedroom is your own private sanctuary , but beware what message you re sending by using it as a display case for your hobbies .
asked directly about chavez s latest taunts , bush refused to mention chavez by name , a common practice .
police on st . lucia said a man drowned in a river while trying to retrieve a cow .
defense ministry spokesman mohammed al askari said the arrest of al masri , also known as abu hamza al muhajir , was confirmed to him by the iraqi commander of the province .
investigators are struggling to understand the killing rampage that left two rural alabama communities in shock
told interrogators he was trained by let , indian authorities said .
the government said there s no evidence of north korea s possible underground unclear test .
they are the arteries that keep mumbai s economy ticking , rattling million people a day to offices , shops and factories .
the communist authorities in beijing have promised to carry out an investigation .
um , the concubines , the slaves who bore children for their male masters ?
that museum closed april and drew a total of about million visitors in years .
the united states has accused communist north korea of developing nuclear weapons and the north has heightened its defenses and accused washington of planning to invade .
it is the first time an english club has won the tournament in its expanded form while united did triumph in the old intercontinental cup in with victory over palmeiras .
even coming from somewhere that had a horrible winter , it was still very enjoyable , said angela wagner , a year old physician from northern indiana . i had been in the heat wrap and the sauna and the whirlpools .
the cat s owner insisted the feline hadn t been exposed to any drugs or possible poisons .
bush also told abbas he was open to the idea of restarting mideast peace talks to stabilize the situation and will do anything to move the peace process forward , johndroe said .
a safe haven in pakistan s tribal areas , operational lieutenants and senior leaders . it could not immediately be learned what the missing fourth element is .
soggy southern california is bracing for a second frigid storm system lurking out in the pacific .
atlanta s turner field baseball stadium again was the worst .
it was centered about km miles northeast of bitung , a city on the northern coast of sulawesi , and the same distance south southeast of general santos , mindanao , philippines .
tristan albatrosses are one of species of albatross in the world .
sony issued a public apology friday for a violent video game that features a bloody shootout inside an anglican cathedral , but it did not address the church of england s demands that the company withdraw the game .
emile lahoud s presidential term is set to end friday at midnight p . m . et .
cyclist , cancer survivor armstrong to have th child
the destruction of human embryos , whether to acquire stem cells or for any other purpose , contradicts the purported intent of researchers , legislators and public health officials to promote human welfare , the pope said .
on that note , it should be emphasized that the area in which the cameraman was hurt is an area in which ongoing fighting against armed extreme and dangerous terrorist organizations occurs on a daily basis .
there are professions where charisma bubbles and boils and leads to success , and others where it doesn t make much difference .
they include knowing the country s first prime minister or when european settlers arrived in australia or what the opening line of the national anthem is .
traders pinned hopes on bargain hunting to buoy markets later in the day .
as far as bird life , it is a dead zone , said steve ebbert , a biologist at the alaska maritime national wildlife refuge , whose , mostly uninhabited islands include the aleutian chain , of which rat island is a part .
gay and spearmon s coach , lance brauman , was released from prison on tuesday after serving a year for embezzlement and mail fraud .
presidential candidates on friday headed for south korea s central region , which has traditionally provided a key swing vote , as the campaigns underdogs struggled to challenge the conservative frontrunner , who is extending his lead ahead of the dec .
he said officials would also try to find experienced negotiators .
the sooners crushed missouri in the big twelve title game .
cnn a few seconds could have made all the difference in the fate of a family who spent three days lost in the snowy california woods , according to the helicopter pilot who found them .
if we can t put the blame onto the child , then someone has to accept the responsibility .
he says it shouldn t disqualify him to head the treasury department , which includes the irs .
dallas has more restaurants per capita than new york city , says john crawford , president and ceo of downtown dallas , a private organization that serves as downtown dallas leading advocate .
the remarks came a day after george w . bush called on president roh moo hyun to reconfirm the pentagon plan to relocate a brigade from the u . s . army s nd infantry division to iraq .
with its glassy touch screen , powerful graphics , crisp sound and tilt feature , the iphone is more than a smart phone for some users
such as the ar rifle , the civilian version of the military s m
the aircraft is owned by local airline el sam and leased by the malila company , congolese transportation official rashid patel said .
following a speech tuesday by south korean president roh moo hyun in which he said japan might be asked for further compensation for atrocities committed during the colonial era , foreign minister ban ki moon said that yesterday the comments pointed up the need for japan to take more faithful measures to address the issue .
when a ceo is perceived to have charisma , his business performs better .
naps may take care of our bodies , but how about our souls ?
cnn it s happened to all of us you print something from the web , and all you get is a sheet of paper with nothing but a url or something equally useless .
she coolly eyed guests as they wandered in and out of the restaurant .
at one point , the emerald was listed for sale on ebay for a buy it now price of million .
andersen says her kidney started working faster in ausnes than the hospital expected .
inside the studios of rctv the sole opposition aligned tv station with nationwide reach disheartened actors and comedians wept and embraced in the final minutes on the air .
the president s national security adviser , stephen hadley , cia director michael hayden and director of national intelligence mike mcconnell told congressional committees what the administration knows about
its peanut butter is not sold directly to consumers , but distributed to institutions and food companies .
the dancing penguins of happy feet beat out cars for feature length animation .
one was dead on arrival at a military hospital , while the other two died of their wounds there .
share communications information with rivals within days , taking an appeal to an eu court that it lost last september .
said lavrov the president putin supported the american side s understanding that it s necessary to tone down the rhetoric in public statements and concentrate on concrete business .
but the women have plenty of satisfied customers .
the six gulf arab countries , all u . s . allies , do not recognize israel , but qatar maintains low level ties to the jewish state .
nine more women were attacked tuesday .
a docking cable allows it to connect with an external keyboard , mouse and monitor .
the police spokesman said cars , a library and car dealer s showroom had been set on fire in villiers le bel .
the force about men , all of them swiss catholics are known for their colorful uniforms .
since then , north korea has pulled out of the international atomic energy agency and has threatened to restart reactors stilled by a u . s .
it was a difficult decision , said tove paule , president of the norwegian olympic and paralympic committee and confederation of sports .
north korea often has tried to drive a wedge between south korea and its chief ally , the united states , by dealing with the two nations separately and saying only koreans can resolve tensions on
cheema said the bomber apparently was unable to get through security to attend bhutto s rally , so he carried out the attack as she left the rawalpindi park .
the korea times reports the government plans to monitor the nation s online communities every month , to crack down on an increasing number of personal information dealers within the virtual world .
about . million koreans are internet addicts .
the best attempt at measuring education across countries to date has been made by robert barro , an economist at harvard university , and lee jong wha from korea university .
new york cnn a street sweeping truck roaring down a bronx street sucked up a dog and killed her as her owner held the leash .
since then , the mines have been the the subject of several films .
korea s first astronaut , yi so yeon , was moved to a hospital in moscow for recovery sunday morning after safely landing on the kazakhstan steppe saturday evening .
that s music to the chief s ears
bush s life bigger than fiction
bhutto , , was killed thursday in an attack that involved a gunman and an explosion in rawalpindi , outside of the capital islamabad .
. ask to be disconfirmed
u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte is scheduled to arrive in pakistan on friday for weekend meetings with musharraf and other pakistani officials .
the regime says all but people have been freed , but amnesty said were still in custody .
announced monday that the search is on for the internet giant s next ceo .
the movie is much more convincing when it sticks with place and process and lets the emotions take care of themselves .
secretary of state condoleezza rice criticized the chinese government thursday for sentencing human rights activist hu jia to jail and said the united states soon will launch new human rights talks with beijing .
the pakistan people s party ppp is home to assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto and is now led by her widower , asif ali zardari .
greece s conservative prime minister won re election sunday with a diminished majority in parliament after a financial scandal and devastating forest fires that killed more than people last month .
the travel ban came one day after the prosecutors raid of yang s home and the office of a construction company run by her mother and a social welfare center in seoul at which yang worked .
world no . woods has endorsed gm products around the world for the past nine years and has been heavily associated with the buick brand in the u . s . , canada and china markets .
the probe will use stereo cameras and x ray spectrometers to map three dimensional images of the surface , and to study the moon s dust .
this will help you understand , among other things , how your company raises and allocates capital .
it was the first significant turkish ground offensive into iraq since the overthrow of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein , and it ended after iraqi and u . s . officials urged turkey to make the foray as brief as possible .
israel rejected the saudi led peace plan when it was launched in but gave some aspects a cautious welcome when it was endorsed by moderate arab states earlier this year .
world bank president robert zoellick has said the surging costs could mean seven lost years in the fight against worldwide poverty .
the brothers were both commissioned officers after training at the royal military academy in sandhurst .
it was a contrast to asia where a region wide selling frenzy saw violent losses .
imploding the cooling tower is an exceptionally important psychological step given that the highly recognizable shape of the structure is synonymous with nuclear power plants .
locals who unearthed the remains from a mass grave in the village of pandarwada say the bodies were secretly buried .
sars spread to other countries from hong kong after an infected mainland chinese medical professor passed the illness to seven other people in a kowloon hotel last month and they , in turn , carried the disease to singapore , vietnam and canada .
labelling the commercial sexual exploitation of children a form of terrorism , the united nations child welfare agency unicef has called for a global effort to stamp out the trade .
the north then took steps to restart a nuclear reactor , expelled u . n . monitors and withdrew from a global nuclear arms control treaty .
glowing jellyfish earns nobel prize
shedding the tight confines of his old restaurant display tank , george was driven to maine by peta members and was returned to his natural habitat on the ocean floor saturday , the organization said .
some experts said the intrusion of the camera was not worth the benefit .
the company expects charges between million and million related to the closures , including a charge of million in the third quarter .
the landmine monitor report , released in geneva by the international campaign to ban landmines icbl , also said that south korea reported , mined sites within its territory , including about , mines in the southern part of the demilitarized zone dmz and in the military control zone mcz , a heavily fortified area dividing south and north korea .
south korea international park ji sung scored his first goal for manchester united since returning from a knee injury , as the red devils blitzed fulham saturday to shave arsenal s premiership lead to one point .
bush said he was sure an african american would someday hold the office he has occupied for eight years , and he is certain more changes will come .
the operation required extensive planning to prevent collateral damage and to prevent the use of any area for attacks into baghdad and against coalition forces , according to the news release .
he was top scorer in last season s champions league , helping milan to avenge their loss to liverpool in the final .
a whisk , an electric light bulb , bubble wrap .
and he ordered the parents to go through joint co parenting counseling and barred them from using corporal punishment on the boys .
in the republican address , wyoming senator john barrasso says the white house is ignoring an energy supply that could be used alongside wind and solar power
this is not a time for conventional thinking or outdated dogma , but for the fresh and innovative intervention that gets to the heart of the problem , british prime minister gordon brown said .
i expect to do next week all the things i did last week . and the week after that , and next year at the same time , she said .
he has a definitive way of doing business that will do us well , powell said wednesday .
a source close to her management team says winheouse sought that order in order to keep the photographers meters from her new home .
obama on sunday spoke with voters in the rural southeast ohio town of nelsonville . he credited green jobs with helping reduce dependence on foreign countries for oil , but said such towns face difficult economic times .
the voluntary recall applies to certain sony . ah lithium ion cell batteries made in japan and sold around the world in laptops made by hewlett packard co . , dell inc . and toshiba corp .
then in , the japanese destroyed it and built an art museum in its place .
preparations had begun for a state funeral , the family mausoleum was put in order and passes were handed out to the media for a memorial service after his heart briefly stopped .
however , members of iraq s ruling shiite islamist bloc say many of the dead were civilians taking part in prayers .
but he warned that a lack of proper attention could undermine it .
kovac said she found hawkins suicide note and called his mother .
the bodies , measuring between five and feet long , have been found washed up on the banks of the chambal river since early december , according to conservationists and officials .
embassy in seoul yesterday disputed an article published by the washington post , which indicated the united states had misled asian allies about nuclear exports by north korea .
ibm selected intel s processor for the system chiefly because it was the only bit processor available that had an bit bus .
obama s father died in a car accident in nairobi in .
un au brokered talks opened late last month in the libyan coastal town of sirte without several prominent rebel leaders .
two others were killed in the ambush .
john confirmed ownership of klara and edda belly dancing in a statement on his web site .
the actor , however , denied the allegations on wednesday .
upton s former principal creig tyler remembered her as a well rounded student .
sadr is a radical shiite cleric whose followers staged bloody uprisings earlier in the year , but have since quieted down .
the detroit media partnership employs more than , people , cnn affiliate wdiv tv reported .
search efforts were suspended on saturday because of heavy rain that flooded rivers and creeks .
thousands of venezuelans have taken to the streets of caracas in protest to the president s decision to close the country s oldest private tv network .
if you average the poll of polls ap ipsos , usa today gallup and cbs new york times obama leads clinton percent to percent , with percent unsure .
prosecutors say simpson and his co defendants walter alexander , clarence stewart and michael mcclinton committed kidnapping because they intended to hold or detain the two alleged victims using a weapon .
rain bands were already rolling on shore in the yucatan even though the storm was more than miles away .
chief u . s . negotiator lee wendy cutler also said the two countries reached or almost reached an agreement in more than sectors .
ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active .
soriano wasn t bothered that fans voted bonds to start over him .
there were up to , protesters in vienna , according to organizers , and two government ministers joined thousands of swedes in their calls for the protection of civilians in iraq .
clinton led sen . barack obama in published polls going into the primary , the biggest remaining contest of the democratic presidential race .
britain s press association said the couple were staying in the hotel after leaving a drug rehabilitation clinic in essex , east of london .
it expects the first one to be delivered in mid , pushed back from by the manufacturing delays .
we find ourselves in a position where taxpayers must bear the burden and the risk for greed and irresponsibility on wall street and on washington .
but the leading content companies are getting almost too big to buy , making expansion into distribution a more attractive alternative .
they are not off this list , hill told reporters in sydney , which is hosting the annual meetings of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum .
seoul stocks rose to a record high yesterday on heavy foreign buying buoyed by the news that moody s investor service has placed korea on review for a possible rating upgrade .
but it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts that out of many , we are truly one .
this is the last way that the family wanted dan s life to end but he was , as those who know him are aware , an intelligent , strong willed and some say determined young man , pa reported james parents as saying .
the public record is clear that certain members of the senate judiciary committee have already reached conclusions about the matter under investigation and the veracity of the testimony provided by the justice department to date , john dowd , goodling s lawyer , said in a letter to the committee s chairman , sen . patrick leahy , d vermont .
the team said the documents were mid term defense plans and most were classified as second or third level confidential documents .
otherwise , kim would become army chief of staff , sources said .
our olympic officials should not be imitating the chinese regime by muzzling kiwi athletes who might be disturbed by some of what they see in china , locke said .
witnesses and journalists in the city also say ethiopian and somali forces are indiscriminately shooting at anyone , fearing no consequences from the weak government in mogadishu .
fonda made her broadway debut in in a short lived play called there was a little girl .
washington is balking at suggestions by the eu that any agreement to replace the kyoto protocol on global warming should require developed countries to cut their emissions by to percent of levels by .
he said the us could not close its eyes to the plight of the religiously oppressed .
hillary and bill clinton are again teaming up on barack obama this time saying the first term u . s . lawmaker , whom they have derided as inexperienced , would be a strong running mate on a democratic presidential ticket headed by the former first lady .
it s the second set of confidential papers from the british government to be left on a train in less than a week .
negotiators from pyongyang and washington met in geneva over the weekend . wrapping up the two day meeting , u . s .
among other items in the treasure trove of ancient objects is a . meter . foot marble statue of neptune , dated to the first decade of the third century after christ .
the volado is light in flavor , the seco stronger and the ligero has a distinct aroma and is slowest burning of all the leaves .
later , as the couple left the hotel , delorm said he raised his eyebrows
deaths as thai police , protesters clash
police said about children between and years old spotted the black suitcase floating in the pond , clark said .
we re making good progress toward achieving that peaceful
the flight , which lasted more than an hour took a series of dramatic dives , allowing the professor to experience second spurts of weightlessness .
for nightlife , rock star cui reeled off a few clubs where he likes to go for live music new get lucky bar , nameless highland and cd cafe .
he may have low polls , but he s going to be around .
john mccain campaigns in missouri , and barack obama is in florida where early voting starts today .
communist china recently repatriated seven north korean refugees who entered an international school for south koreans at yantai , shandong province , the foreign affairs and trade ministry in seoul said monday .
hong s involvement in the scandal came to light through a report of a minute tape recording of a secret discussion between hong , then president of the joongang ilbo , and lee hak soo , vice chairman of samsung group s corporate restructuring office .
you may know your stuff , but technical prowess won t get you to the top unless you can express yourself in written and spoken words to a variety of audiences
at the same time , the city of fargo is still looking for volunteers to finish sandbagging dikes , because the red river is now expected to crest at a record high in the next couple of days ?
part of the pillar also fell on the boy , he added .
a hospital spokeswoman said the year old man died after the rocket was fired over the gaza border .
at least other people were wounded , including the policeman s wife and two relatives who were soldiers , the security officials said . five other soldiers were also wounded , including an officer .
alison silva had asked the jury to award him , , which includes medical bills , lost wages and punitive damages .
zimbabwe president robert mugabe has warned against outside influences in next month s run off election , likening one american diplomat to a prostitute and threatening to oust another from his country . zimbabwe cannot be british , it cannot be american .
but palestinian officials charged that the new deaths jeopardized their efforts to expand the truce in gaza to the west bank .
moved by the tales he reported of poor families , he sometimes asked his colleagues to give money to them .
when all the families have received the money , a deal will be announced , likely within the next six hours , and a declaration by the families will be sent to the high judiciary council which will then be authorized to take the appropriate decision on the medics , the spokesman said .
baghdad , iraq cnn the islamic state of iraq a sunni insurgent coalition that includes al qaeda in iraq issued a statement monday saying it is holding three american soldiers and warning the u . s . military to call off its search .
northrup s solution always take someone with you who will ask the questions you are afraid to ask .
if they were having , like , a little argument , and i d be like , yeah , and they d be like , you stay out of this , you re only years old , and i m like aw .
the mdl runs across the middle of the demilitarized zone and is also referred to as the armistice line , following the ceasefire after the korean war .
, and opec wanted to send a message to consumers that we care , he said .
we just need a president who s ready on day one to turn the economy around and become commander in chief and get our country back on the right track . clinton said tuesday
known as greenhouse gases because they retain heat in the atmosphere , carbon dioxide and several other gases are thought by many scientists to be contributing to climate change .
equally effective could be legislation to limit the use of cars in the major industrial cities , where photochemical gases in summer and acidic smogs in winter have been getting consistently worse .
fed up , many middle class chinese are traveling abroad over the three golden weeks to avoid the hordes at home .
miles blogged on the web site of beaumont hospital in royal oak , michigan .
google inc shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday , rising sharply to after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions .
mbc said it had not been decided whether lee would appear .
car sharing programs like flexcar have spread rapidly in gridlocked cities from london and los angeles to tokyo .
oh , sure , you may think fall is a long way off .
the nation is the most influential media group in east africa and has its origins in two papers set up to give the region a distinctive , national voice as kenya and the surrounding countries geared up for independence .
nowak , a navy captain , and shipman were both in a relationship with navy cmdr . bill oefelein oaf line , another astronaut , according to a police report of the incident .
president roh accepts the constitutional court s ruling against his capital relocation project .
the rest of the wilkins ice shelf , which is about the size of connecticut , is holding on by a narrow beam of thin ice .
security council unsc , while issuing a strong warning on the north s suspected move to extract more fissile material for nuclear weapons .
one key challenge the new secretary general inherits from annan is trying to get the sudanese government to accept a joint un african union peacekeeping force in darfur .
but it points out that women have been reported as attackers in the russian breakaway republic of chechnya and in india , iraq , pakistan , the palestinian territories , sri lanka and turkey .
islamabad , pakistan cnn on the day she died , benazir bhutto planned to hand over to visiting u . s . lawmakers a report accusing pakistan s intelligence services of a plot to rig parliamentary elections , sources close to the slain former pakistani prime minister told cnn tuesday .
australian pm john howard has written to the indonesian president to protest against the release of radical muslim cleric abu bakar ba asyir .
most of the osu donors give blood four or five times a year .
schism created
at least people have died in the operation , which is being overseen in basra by iraqi pm nouri maliki , a day after he vowed to re impose law .
gambari on thursday briefed u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , who had sent him to myanmar , formerly known as burma , in the wake of the military s crackdown on peaceful demonstrations .
the korea times reports seoul and beijing agreed on monday to hold the next round of six party talks on north korea s nuclear problem as early as possible , confirming pyongyang s will to resolve the issue through multilateral dialogue .
he also barred the exes from making derogatory remarks about the other party and the other party s family or significant other during the case .
he got treatment in new york on monday , then went to miami to join his wife , who gave birth to the couple s second daughter .
after tuesday s court appearance , lindsey said his appearance was in support of nowak like we would any employee at nasa if they were to get into this situation .
pressed on why the new position is being created now , after more than five years of war in afghanistan and four years in iraq , the official acknowledged that implementation and execution is as important as policy development .
prosecutors say the alleged kidnapping operation was a breach of italian sovereignty that compromised italy s own anti terrorism efforts .
an international team of earthquake specialists says indonesia faces another potential giant quake in the near future .
it is thought that inertia the physics theory stating that matter retains its velocity along a straight line so long as it is not acted upon by an external force will cause the cable to stay stretched taut , allowing the elevator to sit in geostationary orbit .
a red cross spokeswoman in the badly damaged town of gizo said food and medical aid was arriving but many people were still camping in the hills .
cnn authorities in azerbaijan recently uncovered a radical islamic terror plot against the u . s . embassy in the capital , baku , prompting the facility to close its doors to the public monday , azerbaijan and u . s . officials told cnn .
nato said it had observed no women or children being brought out of the targeted compound .
kallman summoned a couple of the troupe members to los angeles , where he offered them a record deal .
while some have praised the adverts for bringing the issue of anorexia out into the open , others believe it could act as a trigger in some people already suffering from the disease .
things will get better , that much is certain .
high oil prices , growing demand , flawed trade policies , panic buying and speculation have sent food prices soaring worldwide .
asha was not a religious person and was in the top of his medical class , focusing on neurosurgery , his brother said .
the triple olympic gold medallist fought off competition formula world champion lewis hamilton , who finished second , and third placed swimmer rebecca adlington to scoop the prize .
he said that as far as he knew , they have not made such a statement .
nasa s budget request for is . billion .
when you have elections , the appetite of authorities to enforce laws is reduced , adario said . but the federal government has to step in and do its job .
meantime , bush is urging americans to remember those in uniform this christmas .
i tried to give an explanation of what happened , but they wouldn t accept it , he said . but this is something that should not in the least affect my continued participation in the tour .
a munitions compound in the northeastern section of the sangin district after taliban insurgents fired guns and rocket propelled grenades at afghan and coalition forces conducting a security patrol .
champions real madrid made a winning start by coming from behind to beat neighbors atletico in front of , at the bernabeu , while promoted real murcia beat real zaragoza in their opening fixture .
last week , rice authorized the u . s . embassy in syria to talk to to the syrian government about the flow of iraqi refugees , but made clear it was not the start of a broader conversation on iraq .
annan on friday asked for both president mwai kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga to give their negotiators clear instructions so that we can more swiftly to a conclusion , sources with annan s team said .
one of the men was shot dead by police in a raid on an alleged militant hideout in a poor area of the city .
tens of thousands of lebanese have taken to the streets to protest against syria s military and political group on its tiny neighbor since a huge bomb killed lebanon s former prime minister rafik al hariri in beirut last week .
yammer , for instance , claims to have better security than the free twitter , and it charges a small per head fee .
obama has countered by taking aim at clinton over her acceptance of money from political action committees , her health care plan and her washington experience .
england head coach fabio capello is rd on the list , boosted by his own private art collection , with manchester united manager sir alex ferguson at number .
the heat generated by the extraterrestrial impact likely melted much of a glacier that once covered the great lakes region , sending a massive flood down the mississippi river , the study said .
still no firm word whether john mccain will take part in tonight s presidential debate in mississippi .
asked for a reaction to putin s comments , a foreign office spokesman in london told reuters we continue to look for a willingness from the russian authorities to work constructively with us to bring this crime , committed in the uk , to justice in a british court .
the airline had earlier suspended lisa robertson pending an investigation into reports she had sex with fiennes during a flight from the northern city of darwin to mumbai , india , on january .
the u . s . is not considering bilateral contact with north korea .
blagojevich could be impeached by a legislative committee as early as next week .
marines will not be taking part in the peninsula s largest annual u . s .
when the police s special swat unit entered the high school they found the gunman unconscious and in critical condition in the lower lobby of the building with a gunshot wound to his head .
the top of the mountain is black . . . that goes out about a half mile from the summit , vulcanologist brad scott said .
her latest period of house arrest began in .
these will likely be held in pyongyang , kilometers miles from the demilitarized zone , or dmz .
while south korea has recently owned up to what it says was unauthorized dabbling in plutonium extraction and uranium enrichment by a group of scientists , the revelations on uranium metal production were new .
it is the latest twist in an ongoing dispute between gazprom and ukraine s naftogaz ukrainy , which normally receives natural gas from russia .
perry klebahn , timbuk s ceo , acknowledges that target wasn t technically wrong . the onus was on us to talk to target and get them to say ok , in this particular case , to grant us a license .
the pentagon has censored an audio tape of the suspected mastermind of the september attacks speaking at a military hearing cutting out khalid sheikh mohammed s justification for waging jihad against the united states .
she walks around and is searching for the baby , but the responsible persons for the zoo say this is normal . it will continue for three or four days . it s a normal situation .
i never thought it would personally happen at my school .
the fbi web site , which lists bulger just beneath osama bin laden , says the irish american gangster also is wanted on extortion and drug and money laundering charges linked to organized crime in the boston , massachusetts , area .
tiger was looking to gain some more time , and certainly it was an opportunity for gm to reduce its spending with everything going on .
president elect barack has a full slate of pre inaugural events today , including a star studded concert this afternoon at the lincoln memorial .
ban joins a number of other asian contenders , including thai deputy prime minister surakiart sathirathai and jayantha dhanapala from sri lanka .
champions real madrid maintained their superb start to the spanish season with a victory over slumping valencia in the mestella on wednesday night .
jets targeted the kurdish rebel pkk in areas near the border .
today to qualify as rich you need million in annual income , or million in net worth .
ex some people believe they may be reincarnated in the form of an animal .
a helicopter swooped into a village in southern greece to rescue residents trapped by flames on monday one of dozens of fires that have torn through village and forest across the country , leaving blackened landscape in their wake . the fires have killed people over four days , destroying everything in their path .
the country s highest court has issued a ruling upholding the draconian national security law and even accused the leadership of the ruling uri party of trying to strip the country of its last defense measures against the communist north .
they give mccain a solid lead over clinton , according to the new york times cbs news poll .
officials want to make sure security officers are alert to the possibility of female bombers and to familiarize themselves with behavior patterns that such attackers have used in the past .
korea express , one of south korea s leading logistics firms , will sign an agreement with the libyan government next month to take over the remaining construction for the world s biggest waterway project .
we are going to need to find a way that is reasonable and fair and not an amnesty to deal with the undocumented workers who are here , chertoff said .
crisis averted at the white house
the party s chairman , kim geun tae , who asked roh to discuss the nomination issue four times but received no reply from the president , felt he was being ignored , party sources said .
under the revised family registration law , each family member will be separated from hoju the head of the family and usually the father through an individual register book .
the raids in urumqi , the capital of the xinjiang uighur autonomous region , also netted about pounds . kg of explosives , eight detonators , two explosive devices , and some propaganda materials for holy war .
about ministry officials have been ordered to improve their working attitudes , with obliged to undergo a three month training program .
california first lady maria shriver on sunday endorsed sen . barack obama for the democratic nomination for president , becoming the latest member of the kennedy clan to line up behind the senator from illinois .
after the radio transmission , one of the iranian boats dropped white boxes into the water in front of the u . s . ships , the officials said .
while castro s recovery has been evident in an increasing number of editorials published in cuban newspapers , he has not shown signs of resuming his power over the communist island . watch castro stand , chat with visitor
bell wears size shoes , pants with a inch inseam and shirts with inch sleeves .
on saturday , senate republicans foiled a democratic bid to repudiate bush s deployment of additional combat troops .
it claims that children are approached in public places by military recruiters and civilian brokers who have been promised cash rewards by the military .
from the northeastern u . s . city of augusta , maine .
the democratic primary season ends tuesday when montana and south dakota cast their votes .
however , staff then lost track of the drugs and suitcase during the exercise , a spokeswoman for tokyo customs said .
he was arrested tuesday at his home in texas and was also taken to kuwait , the military said .
rumors spread by cell phone text messages predicting imminent attacks by one group or another were heightening tensions , he said .
the vast majority of them are just ordinary people who ve seen something unusual and thought that they ought to tell someone about it , clarke has said .
some , barrels a day of oil are pumped at prudhoe bay , about half of the total north slope production .
you can see some of them right now .
a three year metropolitan police inquiry in britain concluded that diana was not pregnant or about to marry fayed , and that the crash was caused by paul , who was drunk and speeding .
the rival states began a four day meeting in pyongyang on tuesday , their first high level contact in seven months .
though beijing encourages internet use for business and education , it tightly controls web content , censoring anything it considers critical of or a threat to the communist party .
a provincial intelligence official in iraq s kurdish city of dohuk said the shelling set orchards and farmland ablaze , but no casualties were reported .
the ordered banned u . s . exports to syria , except for food and medicine , allowed the u . s . treasury department to seize the property of syrians involved in terrorism and banned flights between the united states and syria .
the u . s . food and drug administration will officially consider revising the labels at a meeting next week .
protesters , mostly supporters of the ousted thaksin , have been holding nightly rallies in bangkok since early june .
four years to the day after standing on the deck of an aircraft carrier and declaring major combat operations in iraq were over , president bush on tuesday vetoed a war spending bill that calls for the start of a withdrawal of american combat troops from the conflict .
lee also said he will bolster seoul s strategic ties with the u . s . to help resolve the nuclear issue .
ford chairman and chief executive bill ford made the comments in a leaked memo that was subsequently formally released to the press .
it was china s latest attempt to demonize the exiled tibetan spiritual leader in the eyes of the chinese public , which is strongly supportive of the olympics .
unlike some of your contemporaries , you re not a famous partier and haven t been arrested for drunk driving .
the accident occurred shortly after p . m . p . m . et when dozens of cars were on the bridge .
unless you get immediate assistance the risk is , you fall into severe malnutrition and eventually death , so unless our supporters come in immediately for this , we fear that is what is going to happen in the country , said jakob mikkelse , the program s nutrition and education chief .
several thousand protesters opposed to thailand s military run government have clashed with police in the capital , bangkok .
the national accord and reconciliation act establishes that the president , vice president , prime minister and other ministers will form the government s cabinet with the addition of two deputy prime ministers who will be appointed by the president .
the cause is still under investigation but several downed power lines were found in the area , he said .
if these numbers hold , that s gotta be bad news for john mccain .
serb jankovic , who had saved five match points in her battling second round victory over sweden s sofia arvidsson , will now face the winner of the final quarterfinal between russian duo dinara safina and vera zvonareva .
if the bacteria is not killed and it becomes resistant , it can leave the individual and go to somebody else .
the lady who was there threw some plastic chairs at the snake , but you ve got to remember that this is about kilograms pounds of aggressive muscle , rose said .
the supreme court yesterday disclosed the finalized details of the new registration law , promulgated last month to replace the hoju system beginning in .
in the outstanding british film category slumdog was joined by the award winning hunger , which documents the life of ira hunger striker bobby sands , the comedy thriller in bruges , mamma mia !
six people have already been charged over the protests , according to police .
hussein said he was proud he eluded u . s . authorities who searched for him for nine months after the u . s . led invasion , piro said .
every sports team has an athletic trainer on hand to get athletes into shape and to prevent injuries .
after the couple s arrest on sunday , raj insisted the sex change operation made him a man , and he married tariq to save her from the arranged marriage .
prince charles has suggested to him that it would not be fair to keep kate hanging on if he was not prepared to marry her sooner rather than later , it quoted a royal insider saying .
the pakistani president said he had declared the emergency to stop the country committing suicide , because the country was in a crisis caused by militant violence and an unruly judiciary .
venice , italy cnn brad pitt and his partner angelina jolie are ready for another child , the actor said sunday as he was promoting his new film .
the walkway can be found in the woodland area which was designed by th century landscape gardener capability brown .
he started with a shotgun , then turned to a pistol .
enemies won t test me , mccain says
during tuesday s hearing , a judge read the charges and not guilty pleas were entered for porter , who appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , shackled at his wrists and ankles .
and obama has selected california rep . hilda solis to serve as secretary of labor , a washington based labor official for a major union told cnn .
a handful of parked cars and two men were seen from up above one planted next to the chopper , another peering skyward through binoculars from an estate driveway .
the groups will perform defensive security tasks during the operation , the u . s . military said .
second group of north korean defectors arrived in seoul .
the troops are based mainly in iraq s more peaceful south , where they help maintain security and train iraqi forces .
taliban insurgents reportedly killed another male hostage early tuesday , seoul time , and threatened to kill more unless the afghan government releases imprisoned islamic terrorists .
the situation is contained within the peninsula hotel , philippine defense secretary gilberto teodoro told cnn .
the new quinnipiac survey show obama leading in florida to percent .
the online demonstrations in virtual locations including china s tiananmen square , cuba s revolution square and north korea s kim jong il square were taking place to mark the first online free expression day , reporters without borders rwb said in a statement .
i ll let you know where to go .
when all the reductions are added up , citigroup will have reduced its workforce by , from a , the banking giant employed at the end of .
the korea times reports ju dong chan , who is in charge of pyongyang s project for special zones , made the remarks on wednesday at a ceremony to mark the shipment of the first made in kaesong products .
i am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that i will be the republican nominee for president of the united states , mccain told supporters tuesday night .
to the people , they offer an opportunity to speak with anonymity , making cyberspace almost impossible to regulate despite a slew of high profile arrests since march .
based on the report , the secretariat will decide whether or not the case goes before the un security council .
civilization as we know it is beginning to unravel around us and an increasing violence is a primary cause .
topshop reportedly paid the catwalk queen some million to design the sequined tops , skinny jeans and flower print dresses for the masses .
it s a fundamental question , said tarter , the real life inspiration for jodie foster s character in the movie contact .
the us and north korea have had very good talks aimed at normalizing relations between the two nations , the top us negotiator has said .
the fear is that melting ice from greenland and other arctic areas could cause sea levels to rise enough to flood low lying cities , such as shanghai , china , and new york city , displacing millions of people in the process .
with ohmynews , we wanted to say goodbye to th century journalism where people only saw things through the eyes of the mainstream , conservative media , said its editor and founder oh yeon ho .
forty three suspected north korean defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing yesterday .
authorities say there have been as many as arsons in the city in little more than a year s time .
now it is all smiles for prax sanchez
the closure comes less than three years after it opened the staff member center in bundang , south of seoul , in .
as lee , a former ceo of hyundai construction and engineering , admitted his wrongdoing , his party rival rep . park geun hye and anti gnp parties are assailing the leading presidential aspirant .
many doctors and pharmacists seem unaware of this wrinkle in the approval process .
no contest to two counts of driving with a blood alcohol level above . percent and one count of reckless driving .
survival international said the indians are in danger from illegal logging in peru , which is driving tribes over the border and could lead to conflict with the estimated uncontacted indians now living on the brazilian side .
enforcement varies but usually takes the form of fines to discourage extra births .
he is challenged by his father and he wants to outdo him , he wants to be stronger than him .
and jordan s king abdullah ii warned that neighboring nations would not be good peacekeepers for iraq because they would be too tempted to meddle .
a member of the nato forces serving in southern afghanistan has been killed by a bomb blast .
at home , the new president will try to correct some lingering headaches from the kirchner term
much ado about nothing cnn affiliate ktla tv in los angeles reported that hilton went to her grandparents home in the benedict canyon area of beverly hills .
shipman drove away and found police , who located nowak at a bus stop .
among the reasons , he said , are that al qaeda has targeted islamic army of iraq members and that their goals are divergent , with the islamic army in iraq being more willing , in some circumstances , to deal with the united states instead of al qaeda .
however , sunlight is unreliable and several factors influence its ability to induce vitamin d production , including
but it s not the only one hailing the qualities of the dirty spud .
bad kissers have little chance of getting to second base .
he is also shown bounding up stairs two at a time .
i had one guy from mexico , and he wanted to surprise his girlfriend by proposing marriage with a ring under the northern lights , said eder from his office in whitehorse .
at their th apec meeting there , ministers reaffirmed in their joint statement the utmost importance attached by apec economies to the successful conclusion of the doha development agenda dda negotiations by the end of with an ambitious and overall balanced outcome .
when police stopped them , the two boys did not seem to think they had done anything wrong .
the korea times reports seoul stocks extended their steep loss , plunging below the , mark , following a bear stearns shock that smashed shares on wall street last friday .
on thursday , nato members decided not to allow georgia and ukraine to begin the process towards membership , recognizing strong objections from moscow .
obama announced on thursday that his resignation from the u . s . senate is official as of sunday .
iraq s former interim prime minister accused prime minister nuri al maliki of fomenting sectarian violence plaguing the war ravaged nation .
the government proposed bills , which have been pending for two years , require companies to turn nonregular workers they have hired for more than two years into regular workers .
a year old man is being held for trial on charges stemming from arsons from early january through early february , including a massive fire that severely damaged row homes .
gizo was only km miles from the epicentre of the . magnitude quake .
his remarks came hours before u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari met with myanmar s military leader , senior gen . than shwe , the associated press cited a foreign diplomat as saying on condition of anonymity .
summer came a little early , because this is a summer style opening .
the communist youth newspaper juventud rebelde had only a short story sunday reporting that the collision took place at a railroad crossing near a bridge in the small town of veguita , in yara municipality .
i mean , i m here to get a deal , but it s pretty fun chatting with people .
goulet had remained in good spirits even as he waited for the transplant , said vera goulet , his wife of years .
this guy s name , little guy actually , is obama , too .
libby was convicted tuesday of lying and obstructing an investigation into the bush administration s actions leading into the iraq war .
the gigabit capacity is double the size of the largest flash memory now on the market .
the united states is the world s largest energy consumer in terms of total use , and fluctuations in demand there can have an outsized impact on international
the source , who did not wish to be identified , said the academy should make it a policy to start announcing the top finalists on its own every year .
richard feachem warned that india has overtaken south africa as the country with the most hiv positive patients .
mccain had amassed , delegates before tuesday , according to cnn estimates just shy of the gop s magic number .
three of the top closers , you may have noticed , are south korea s byung hyun kim , japan s hideki irabu and seattle s kazuhiro sasaki .
and they re dying at an older age .
the images were said to have been filmed during a party at her london home .
humans would not survive in the wild alone
as concerns about the economy top the worries of republican voters , giuliani s launched an ad that touts his fiscal record as mayor , and he s been touting his plans to cut taxes .
the remaining birds are being killed a process expected to take hours , the agency said .
if in perusing the newspaper late at night you see an ad for the car of your dreams , call a huntington loan officer .
the leader of britain s liberal democrat party , nick clegg , told british broadcasting corp . that brown seems to do the right thing late in the day when he is forced to do so because of public opinion .
the woman was sentenced to lashes and six months in prison for violating the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man before the rape .
gay has competed on five of the championships first six days and had complained of fatigue and a left hamstring twinge .
if buying fresh cut cantaloupe , refrigerate or surround it with ice .
in his speech monday , wen repeated beijing s opposition to efforts by taiwan activists to make the island s de facto independence permanent .
the olympic flame arrived in australia wednesday morning following a relatively incident free run in indonesia .
the most obvious purpose of advertising is to inform the consumer of available products or services .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert told his cabinet that the palestinian government s platform includes problematic elements that cannot be acceptable to israel and the international community , like the right to resist , the use of terror and the non recognition of israel .
unicef and the smurfs joined forces two years ago to raise the plight of ex child soldiers in africa .
women who have been raped are systematically rejected by their families and society .
the riaa doesn t know the identities of those it targeted in its most recent round of lawsuits , but plans to discover them through court issued subpoenas .
the two sides have no other choice but to choose between agreement and breakdown this week as u . s .
international health experts have been dispatched to pakistan to help investigate the cause of south asia s first outbreak of bird flu in people and determine if the virus could have been transmitted through human contact , officials said sunday .
it is feared the death toll will rise , with several others reported missing .
he pleaded guilty and agreed to help prosecutors in an effort to avoid the death penalty .
and millie the springer spaniel s canine view of life in the white house as told to then first lady barbara bush
pollack was no stranger to the academy awards .
it was under yeltsin and after the collapse of communism that the christ the savior cathedral , which was blown up by soviet dictator josef stalin , was rebuilt .
on tuesday , abc is airing back to back premieres of wipeout p . m edt and i survived a japanese game show p . m . edt , with a domestic edition of hole in the wall coming this fall on fox .
durrani also said it is totally and utterly incorrect that elements of the pakistani military are sympathetic to al qaeda .
juno , a sardonic comedy about a pregnant year old who becomes a cautionary whale for her classmates , has rolled out to more and more theaters , picking up rave reviews and oscar buzz along the way .
jorge ramon arnesto soza , executive secretary of the national system for the prevention , mitigation and attention of disasters , said the death toll was likely to increase as reports came in from remote areas .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
scholes and giggs have both recaptured their best form in united s outstanding season and gerrard has been a key figure as liverpool have again showed themselves to be accomplished performers in europe , reaching the last four in the champions league , where they will tackle chelsea .
space tourist richard garriott has arrived at the international space station for a day stay for which he paid the russian government an estimated million .
blackwater said its employees acted in self defense .
it is by far the most heinous and horrible thing that you can possibly imagine on there , he said , according to the associated press .
ucc took the korean market by storm in , and its popularity has stretched well into .
the nation s top immigration policymaker said monday korea needs to prepare for a multicultural and multi ethnic society as the number of foreigners will account for . percent of the population by . korea immigration service commissioner han sang dae told the korea times that by , the number of foreigners here will top . million .
and have you noticed what s been going on in women s golf ?
people from calabria have a very strong presence in germany but so far they had kept a low profile , trying not to attract attention .
soaring food prices were largely blamed for pushing consumer inflation up to . last month , from . in december .
the stadium speakers pumped out local singer chung su ra s popular hit you can do anything to add to the humor .
entertainer jennifer hudson and her sister julia are already really following the shooting deaths of her mother and brother . now they may be facing yet another loss .
dutt , , was cleared of conspiracy charges in the serial blasts in india s financial capital of mumbai , but was found guilty of unauthorized possession of an automatic rifle and a pistol .
officers used pepper spray and pushed several demonstrators to the ground when they tried to march onto a blocked street .
most of the customers of these children are members of their own junior and senior high school peer groups .
the others are chemistry , physics , literature , peace and economics .
it estimates some million people will have died or been lost to the labor force by next year .
the director was the first american to take the palme d or since quentin tarantino won for pulp fiction in .
the canfield family has run the santa cruz attractions since , when laurence canfield bought a controlling interest in the seaside co . , which operates the boardwalk .
sao paulo , brazil cnn at least prisoners died early thursday after inmates broke out of a cellblock and set a fire in an apparent attempt to settle scores with a rival gang , brazilian media reported .
obama s rule changes would save . billion barrels of oil through , but they also could cost consumers an extra per vehicle .
but ufo logists say that s just the cover story
in australia , the all ordinaries index closed with a . percent slide .
if we have actionable intelligence on al qaeda operatives , including osama bin laden , and president musharraf cannot act , then we should , obama said . that s just common sense .
established in , gome said it had stores last year in chinese cities
we d like to pray for youssif and his family . can you ask if they will accept this ?
the jerusalem post article cited an israeli army radio report quoting a senior official in jerusalem that a senior member of the president s entourage claimed bush and vice president dick cheney thought military action was called for against tehran .
the group that sponsored the immigration is the international fellowship of christians and jews , based in chicago . it says it wants to help jews flee such persecution .
opposition candidate morgan tsvangirai , who announced sunday that he was dropping out of the runoff , took refuge monday in the dutch embassy in harare .
the worst of the nation s credit crisis may have passed , u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson said wednesday , though he acknowledged rising gas prices will blunt the effect of million economic stimulus checks .
i think i played pretty well all day , wie said .
the euro surpassed its previous record of . set on april .
though sir david frost doesn t see his interviews with former president richard nixon as an intellectual rocky
arshad declined to comment on the number of militant corpses found inside the mosque , stressing the need to clear the entire complex before discussing those exact figures .
while the house has voted to impose a punitive tax on those bonuses , and a similar approach has been proposed in the senate , federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke says he wanted to sue to stop the bonuses from being paid , but he was told not only were they contractually mandated , but if they lost in court , they would have to pay several times those amounts .
the bush administration should work with korea on the relocation of troops with care and consideration , mr . richardson told participants at a world economic forum roundtable discussion .
marsha wienert , state tourism liaison , said more japanese visitors are not returning to hawaii after their first trip in favor of new , cheaper destinations , such as taiwan .
he had a best seller in with a man without a country ,
meals rejected by everyone is a popular nickname for mres , which stands for meals ready to eat , those brownish polymer pouches filled with precooked food and snacks .
the move might lead regulators to unfreeze a portion of the money .
yes , we will , they chanted at one point .
prime minister stephen harper unveiled the new motion on thursday . harper is under pressure to withdraw canada s troops from afghanistan after the deaths of soldiers and a diplomat .
security council to map out punitive measures against pyongyang .
brown said that because there is no forthcoming co operation , then action has to be taken .
the idea for the arctic seed bank dates to the s but only became a possibility after the international treaty on plant genetic resources came into force in , the norwegian government said .
when conditions are uncertain , charismatic bosses spur subordinates to work above and beyond the call of duty .
this year is going to be a very important and crucial year , important year for afghanistan people and government .
the militants reinforced their positions with additional fighters and also started firing from an extensive trench line located throughout the village , it said .
nato s role in afghanistan will also be on the agenda at the two day summit .
though michelle obama s ancestors had to come through the ordeal of slavery , her children are sleeping in the room of presidents , said brinkley .
the car that carried the bomb is now a pile of twisted , smoking metal .
eight days after the poll , the country s election commission has yet to announce the results .
opus coming to an end
sommeliers know everything about wines , from the vineyards they were pressed in to the best entr eacute es to pair them with .
moments later , a second shot hit austin in the head .
the attack happened in mangora , located in the swat district where pakistan recently deployed , troops to maintain law and order .
investors are reigniting wall street s rally this morning , after hearing the government s plan to help banks get as much as one trillion dollars in bad assets off their books .
zero is one of a number of concepts that have shaped the course of the world so fundamentally that we would not recognize modern life without them .
the accident resulted in a kilometer mile traffic jam that lasted for several hours .
that s why the intelligent person does not absolve them , the british people and all peoples of the crusader alliance from responsibility , for they are the ones who elected bush , blair and their allies and supported them in their aggression against afghanistan and iraq , he said .
their castro street camera store soon becomes a focal point for the booming gay community , and it s not long before milk makes the first of several unsuccessful runs for district supervisor .
without the south korean government s creative ideas and persistent negotiating efforts , reaching the agreement of the six party talks would have been very difficult , chung said in september , referring to seoul s offer to provide million kilowatts of electricity to pyongyang and efforts to arbitrate between north korea and the united states .
barack obama , the first days our series continues this morning with a reality check on all the expectations for the new administration .
she is expected to recuperate for six weeks after the operation .
lee is a member of the party .
previous carbon dating of sacsayhuaman revealed that the killke culture constructed the fortress in the s , said peruvian archaeologist luis lumbreras , former director of peru s national culture institute and an expert on cuzco s pre incan cultures . he was not involved in the dig .
he said this would weed out genuine travelers from those being used as drug carriers .
among the dead were members of islamic jihad , hamas and fatah .
didn t ibm dominate the mainframe computer industry ?
the zoo kept the lifeless panda in cold storage overnight and will conduct an autopsy to establish the cause of death .
bolts of lightning struck near the peaks of two separate mountains within minutes yesterday afternoon , killing five climbers and injuring six more .
chavez also noted that previous venezuelan educational systems carried their own ideology .
the page report was censored by the pentagon before being officially published on saturday .
passengers and crew were transferred to another vessel , authorities said .
yeltsin s coffin was carried to its final resting place on the shoulders of russia s elite honor guard .
he said rhys meyers had chatted with everybody who wanted to meet him back stage , and was drinking nothing more threatening than a big mug of milky tea .
hospital chief executive officer rick castrop in a statement said , we reviewed the medical and patient accounts of the patient after she was named in a newspaper story about clinton s stump speech .
even if she does write another book , it is unclear whether some of the main characters , including harry , would play a part .
guiding light , which came in with a leading nominations , tied another cbs soap opera , the young and the restless , for drama series honors .
meanwhile , police in the eastern city of lahore said another bombing suspect died wednesday in custody there .
fortis was down . percent at . euros but santander was up . percent at . euros .
the shooting appeared to have been planned out in graphic videos posted on internet file sharing site youtube .
a california man sold his year old daughter to an year old man for cash , beer and meat
the light seen today as the cosmic microwave radio rays has traveled for more than billion years to reach us , nasa said in a statement . within this light are infinitesimal patterns that mark the seeds of what later grew into clusters of galaxies and the vast structure we see all around us .
north korea protested recent bush administration financial sanctions against its companies .
president roh moo hyun is besieged by the controversy over a free trade agreement with the united states .
under the landmark february th agreement , north korea agreed to shut down and seal its yongbyon reactor within days in return for energy aid and other incentives from the us , china , south korea , japan and russia .
on the contrary , it is penalizing innocent athletes and it is stopping the organization from something that definitely is worthwhile organizing .
clearly , having a working toilet is a priority for us , so some of these things that we didn t need for the next six months or so could wait , said payload manager scott higginbotham .
the fbi this week released new details that the agency hopes will jog someone s memory .
they never eat more food than their bodies need .
inflation in communist china hit an year high in january after rising price pressures were exaggerated by fierce snow storms .
called navimon , the game requires a cell phone that sports both gps and an internal compass .
the pope spent a few minutes privately with each of the five or six victims , some of whom were in tears , lombardi told the associated press .
karr was not handcuffed on the flight and took a glass of champagne in his business class seat .
his comments came just months after he urged the international community to recognize the revolutionary armed forces of colombia as a legitimate insurgent force rather than a terrorist organization , as the united states and european union consider it .
london , england cnn a london department store has started selling coffee for a shot .
i failed my boy and that hurts the most .
because manufacturing accounts for slightly less than one fifth of the economy , the overall index figure would be consistent of annual gdp growth of . percent , according to the napm .
earlier , musharraf declared his new term as a civilian leader a milestone in the transition of pakistan to the complete essence of democracy .
he said the manuals also included details of guerrilla style war operations .
erdogan flies to washington on nov . for talks with president bush that could be key to whether turkey carries out its threat of a major military incursion .
participants at a nasa sponsored conference on the hazards of comets and asteroids smashing into earth the planet probably would be hit about once each millennium big enough to release about megatons of explosive energy .
the last defending champions to fail to get past the group stage some of china s worst floods in years have killed at least people , and made thousands more homeless in a devastating start to the wet season .
pakistan s supreme court thursday lifted the exile imposed on former prime minister nawaz sharif , ousted from power eight years ago by musharraf in a bloodless coup .
the u . s . federal reserve on wednesday cut a key interest rate for the second time in just over a week , reducing the federal funds rate by a half point .
last thursday , a panel of the japanese provincial council passed an ordinance bill to designate feb .
it is so painful to me to know that i bought into this system for so many years , and casey paid the price for that allegiance .
but then a large shoot , a bit like an asparagus , grows out of the top of the tree and starts to spread . you get something that looks a bit like a christmas tree growing out of the top of the palm , he said .
after no one stepped forward , the gunman shot the hostage , he said .
the united states might have new direct consultations with north korea during the current three week recess in the six party talks on ending the north s nuclear ambitions , top american negotiator christopher hill said .
our first priority at the moment is to stop the contagion at other countries including in eastern europe .
new york cnn amy winehouse won t be performing at the mtv video music awards , or anywhere else in the united states anytime soon .
torre , who took over the team to start the season , made his decision after traveling fom new york to the team s spring training complex in tampa .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe criticised the short range missile launch , calling it a provocation that defied the un , and could destabilize the region .
my phone rings at in the morning , says garr , and this woman says is this teri garr ? because i ve been sleeping with your boyfriend since august .
a mortar landed and went off meters away in an open field outside the compound where the press conference was being held , said u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe .
another person in a separate case who slaughtered poultry in nearby mansehra , miles away , also tested positive for the disease , he said .
republicans say she has worked well with them during her eight years in the senate , despite disagreements on some major issues .
among democrats , sen . hillary clinton of new york wins the most support , with percent of likely democratic caucus goers backing clinton and percent supporting sen . barack obama of illinois .
david is looking forward to going to la but he wants to end his career at real madrid on a high note first , by winning the league .
about defendants were in the courtroom that day to take part in a monitoring program for domestic violence offenders .
shabelle journalist aweys osman yusuf said sharmarke s car was in the middle of a convoy and it appeared that his car was the target of the attack .
a second patient who had been treated there was transferred wednesday to another hospital , he said .
myanmar radio and television mrtv announced that shipments from bangladesh , china , india , singapore , italy and thailand arrived thursday at yangon s international airport .
tuesday s concert in pyongyang is part of an extended asian concert series that has already taken the orchestra to taiwan , hong kong , shanghai and beijing .
we are more than just a sand and sea and sex destination , said george michaelides , chairman of the cultural and special interest tourism association .
tensions are high with election results delayed and the mdc claiming it has defeated president robert mugabe .
roshini raj tells nbc s today show that she s not surprised swayze , whose been fighting pancreatic cancer , is back in the hospital .
karzai and other dignitaries escaped unharmed from sunday s assault during a ceremony in kabul marking afghanistan s victory over the soviet occupation of the country in the s .
israel has reopened its border with gaza , allowing deliveries of humanitarian aid
benicio del toro won cannes best actor prize for che , steven soderbergh s four hour plus epic about latin american revolutionary che guevara .
tuesday s explosions on commuter buses on a busy mountain highway northeast of beirut stoked fears of turmoil as the country prepared to mark the assassination of hariri , the nation s most prominent politician and the leader credited with rebuilding the country from the destruction of the civil war .
if you criminalize legal advice , which is basically what they re going to do , then it has a terribly chilling effect on any kind of advice and counsel that the president might receive .
nevertheless , the associated press reported that thaksin was adamant he would not return to politics .
however , the campaign is over .
the ship was on a day cruise from alexandria , virginia , to charleston , south carolina , evanson said .
all the decor had to be light so as not to weigh on the year old iron structure .
but police said on thursday that the videos showing an angry cho ranting and pointing guns at the camera added little to their investigation .
he said it affected production of only cars and that work at the plant would resume monday .
more than people died in two similar pipeline explosions in lagos in , and at least died in december .
u . s . aircraft struck targets in two shiite districts of baghdad on monday , with iraqi officials reporting at least dead .
going into the vote she led the polls in pennsylvania , a delegate rich state , but analysts said mrs clinton needed a big victory to keep her campaign alive .
that way , facebook doesn t have to default to their or the made up word themself , as it had been doing .
siljander vehemently denies the allegations in the indictment and will enter a not guilty plea , said his attorney , james hobbs .
dozens of shiite pilgrims were killed sunday in baghdad when a car bomb exploded near a minibus that was part of a stream of traffic bringing pilgrims home from a religious ceremony in the holy city of karbala , police said .
police said he took his own life .
the move by the president , who remained neutral throughout the republican primary process , comes after a victory in texas that gave mccain more than the , delegates required to claim the gop nomination .
the sources said the two countries are close to reaching an agreement to establish two separate commands replacing the current combined forces command after south korea regains wartime operational control of its troops from the u . s . military .
the art of those commercials is not to be mean , but it s actually for the guys to like each other , jobs said .
meanwhile , government officials repeatedly stress that the economy will achieve percent growth .
benjaminson and colleagues sliced up muscle from large goldfish and placed them in a vat of nutrient rich liquid .
cuba also defends north korea , branding the resolution as geopolitical .
a summer day hike , my husband said .
he writes gritty books about his experiences as a founder and leader of the street gang , the crips .
in the early s the most common os in non apple pcs was cp m , developed by digital research in pacific grove , california .
obama addressed a rally in the town of reading , pennsylvania .
meshaal is a complicated , calculating man .
hillary clinton and barack obama essentially tied for the lead in the democratic race in iowa and mitt romney and mike huckabee neck and neck in the republican race in the hawkeye state .
estimates that more than of large u . s . companies work under the stars , at least in some aspects of their business .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
as far away as tokyo , miles south .
the prince appeared in uniform alongside around other sailors , soldiers , marines and airmen at the parade , which took place on edinburgh s famous royal mile .
it s a huge loss to australia he was a wonderful character , he was a passionate environmentalist , he brought entertainment and excitement to millions of people .
on thursday , labour said brown had won the support of of the party s lawmakers and declared nominations closed .
we ll start with this hour s swearing in of eric holder as ag and the ap s jerry bodlander on capitol hill
we re now so profoundly interconnected that it will be the case things will enter into the human population and will spread globally , said wolfe .
the suicide bombs went off in a busy vegetable market , by a bank and by a police station in the mainly shia city , iraqi police said .
the money is now expected to be claimed by north korea , removing a key obstacle to the stalled deal agreed in february in beijing .
the discovery offers a new method to trace geological and biological events linked to colossal meteorite and comet strikes and strengthens the theory that some terrestrial atmospheric gases and organic compounds originated in space .
protesters threw rocks and set fire to buildings , and security forces used tear gas in response .
none of those measures are still in effect .
seoul city said yesterday it will levy . billion won . million in back taxes on an affiliate of general electric korea for its purchase of six office buildings in seoul since .
the people will understand why the government will have to send in law enforcement forces .
currency dealers forecast the korean currency may extend to gain further on weak investors sentiment for the greenback after the rate hovered around won mark for some time .
we re also very impressed by the variety and ingenuity of the submissions across all categories , ranging from health to energy , education and the environment , she said .
now anyone can enjoy the chapters labeled titans of tears , misery squared and watkins favorite
parreira s resignation takes effect on may .
ceremony boycott by heads of state and government , as well as royalty an idea that has gained the support of many french .
gates expected to stay on as obama s defense secretary
power generators and truckloads of ice and water were being sent to the counties , according to the governor s office .
a pentagon spokesman admits the report will show that not many if any of the benchmarks for progress have been met .
have slipped through a greenpeace flotilla of protest craft under the cover of darkness .
clinton trounced obama on tuesday , carrying west virginia by a point margin .
villarosa spoke to reporters last friday during a visit to bangkok in neighboring thailand .
jamal jafaar mohammed won a seat in iraq s council of representatives in the u . s . backed elections of december .
and work with other countries as appropriate in support of the agreed quartet objectives .
it s not open the public , so cnn talked to a handful of tech bloggers , who will be covering the event .
but the meeting which began a day after the u . s . federal reserve made a surprise . point rate cut as it struggled to calm roller coaster financial markets , a move that drew mixed reaction in davos was racked with recession anxieties to the last .
the on board computer coordinates commands to the satellite s various instruments and then downlinks the scientific data to the ground .
hundreds of hectares acres of forest land have been destroyed since , he said .
bp discovered the leak around a . m . tuesday , beaudo said .
bonis , , had spent hours playing nintendo co . s new video game in which players simulate real movements . bonis had been playing simulated tennis .
the youths threw bottles , cobblestones and firecrackers at police and set fire to cars and street barricades .
chicago , illinois cnn democratic presidential candidate barack obama says he disagrees with a supreme court decision striking down the death penalty for child rapists , telling reporters wednesday that states should be able to execute people for heinous crimes .
ap white house correspondent mark smith joins us live with that part of the story
they urged the south korean government to take part in international mediation efforts together with the united nations to produce a peaceful resolution to the crisis .
they said he speaks english with an american accent and often wears a baseball cap , and they are appealing to anyone who got to know him during his time in the city to come forward .
the campaigns want to bank the votes and election workers want to ease the crowding on election day .
airports were closed again last night , and greyhound passengers were forced to camp out in stations in portland , oregon , and seattle .
the meeting was aimed at boosting abbas and isolating his rivals , hamas , after their takeover of gaza .
he was elected to the house in and is the fourth highest ranking member of the chamber s democratic leadership .
the plane apparently struck a building . video footage from the scene showed visible flames at the crash site and a tam sign visible on the building .
in a speech at the gwanghwamun culture forum at the sejong center for the performing arts , yu in chon , the minister of culture , sports and tourism , said those who have their own philosophies , styles and originality will step down voluntarily .
investors are reigniting wall street s rally this morning , after hearing the government s plan to help banks get as much as one trillion dollars in bad assets off their books .
during that time , massamino will have to remove screws from the space telescope s imaging spectrograph , in order to revive the module that s been dead since a power failure years ago .
the vatican has urged all catholics to stop donating money to amnesty international , accusing the human rights group of promoting abortion .
the british born author , who moved to sri lanka in , has written more than sci fi books , including
the company plans to close some offices , centralize purchasing , and eliminate positions that duplicate functions , especially in management .
no charges have been filed , but judge claudia matteini ruled there were serious indications of guilt that warranted keeping the three in jail for up to a year while the investigation continues .
from midnight all unregistered phones will have their signals blocked , a move thai officials hope will prevent their use as improvised bomb detonators .
brewer said she wants models to be educated on nutrition and designers to encourage healthful lifestyles . watch stick thin models strut the runway
vice president dick cheney said sunday it will take painful concessions from both israelis and palestinians to achieve the bush administration s vision of a palestinian nation alongside israel .
but failing to doing so , he said , would be a betrayal of the memories , hopes and dreams of the victims .
earlier , moussa jaafar , the survey director , was in a car driving through a shiite neighborhood in northwestern baghdad when gunmen opened fire on his car , an interior ministry official said .
obama spokesman robert gibbs , traveling with the senator in iowa , said howard s words were misguided .
under one rough rule , if the economy contracts for six straight months it is considered to be in a recession .
two soaring , light drenched white rooms with little in the way of embellishment but a pair of striking art installations .
according to the report , the united states is considering a plan against north korea to neutralize pyongyang s nuclear capability with overwhelming use of the u . s .
and in a carefully worded rebuke , he used both humor and some pointed jabs to blunt russia s sharp attack against u . s . foreign policy a day earlier .
in new york on friday , the dow jones industrial average fell . , or . percent , to , . .
it was the honorable course , given the losses we are now announcing , rubin said of prince s resignation in an interview with the associated press .
brown filed suit against murphy in los angeles superior court on wednesday , seeking to legally establish his paternity and seeking unspecified child support for the month old girl .
fire marshals were at the scene trying to determine the cause , but trooper bruce morris told the ap the fire did not appear to be suspicious .
harvey died saturday , surrounded by family , at a hospital in phoenix .
base workers , risking imprisonment , came forward to tell us how government contractors allegedly used area as a secret dumping ground .
marco maia , said he believes mechanical failure was behind the crash .
los angeles , california cnn flicks from female directors are flooding today s theaters more than ever , and the movies are as diverse as the women themselves .
they are very appropriate to bring us into the new century , chen said .
the state department announced the policy change a day after officials offered a new estimate of the burgeoning cost of processing the mountain of passport applications .
if we can t put the blame onto the child , then someone has to accept the responsibility .
the korea times reports south korean security specialists will be dispatched to kirkuk in iraq to train their police forces on anti terrorism tactics and other security related missions .
the u . s . banned ivory imports in , and the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora effectively outlawed trade in elephant tissue in .
peter lee , a civil servant , said he also took to the street this year because of ma s remarks .
there s no doubt that the deadly attack on india s financial capital last month was planned inside pakistan , secretary of state condoleezza rice told cnn on sunday .
the korean olympic committee , seoul s governing body , said yesterday that its president , kim jung kil , and his north korean counterpart , mun jae dok , struck a deal on the sidelines of the th annual assembly of the asian olympic council in guangzhou , china .
the best deal in town is a cremolada a crushed ice beverage made with passion fruit , strawberry , orange , or pineapple at papa mo s milk bar .
multinational drug manufacturers are opposing the korean government s plan to allow only cost effective drugs to be covered by national health insurance .
two women hostages were freed monday afternoon as a result of face to face talks between a two member taliban delegation and korean officials .
it s not the whole of it .
but weaknesses in the satellites capabilities have led to criticism that the program is a waste of money and , with better data available on the commercial market , that japan will continue to be dependent on washington for its core intelligence .
president pervez musharraf also stays in the city .
the plaintiff in the case was a male , who sued kuwait s interior ministry for refusing to write the names of five women , including his own wife , into the parliamentary electoral rolls last year .
in the bloodiest single incident , iraqi soldiers died when a suicide attacker drove a fuel tanker into an army base in mosul in northern iraq .
newspapers across europe have reprinted caricatures of the prophet muhammad to show support for a danish paper whose cartoons have sparked muslim outrage .
the ringleader believed the informant had been sent by allah to be the one to pull off the bombing , according to a federal complaint . watch how the feds allegedly foiled the plot
the dow jones industrial average now down better than a percent at points , that is still better than the session lows though it s just a hundred over , .
beijing , china cnn chinese and taiwanese officials agreed thursday to set up permanent offices in each other s territories , in the first formal talks between the two sides in almost a decade .
we have focused too much on a security first and inter korean cooperation later policy for the past years and consequently have failed to catch up with the changing environment , rep .
pavarotti had surgery for the cancer in july in new york and has not made any public appearances since then .
prime minister nuri al maliki , who had vowed not to leave basra until his government reclaimed control of the city , called al sadr s statement a step in the right direction and said he hoped it would help to stabilize the region .
maximum wind strength was mph at p . m . et .
rescuers have had no contact with the missing men since the mine collapsed august .
the punishment for those convicted of genocide under estonian law is from years to life imprisonment .
defense minister franz josef jung said friday that the , german troops already in afghanistan fulfilled germany s mandate , and that he felt the country was doing enough to support the nato mission .
the father is casey aldridge , a pipe layer from liberty , mississippi .
but its mini constitution also required that it pass an anti subversion law .
yearly inflation in the nations that use the euro hit a new record high of . percent in march , the eu statistical agency eurostat said monday .
however , both sides appear to have conflicting expectations .
she told the times she spends most of her time doing nothing but eating and sleeping .
we can t yet say if the target was the bodyguard or the politician he protects , camacho said at a nationally televised news conference .
the assassinations have been aimed at preventing stability and the rule of law , he said .
climb up the inside of brunelleschi s th century dome and admire the views from the cupola .
for starters , according to jones , the stuff can be sold for home or industrial use or buried harmlessly in landfills or abandoned mines .
the national transportation safety board planned to begin an investigation tuesday , the sheriff said .
israel on sunday rejected africans most of them reportedly from sudan s darfur region who had illegally entered the country from egypt , a government official said .
human rights watch hrw says children as young as are beaten or threatened with arrest to make them enlist .
these areas of the brain , while little known to most people , are helping scientists explain the physiological reasons behind why we feel what we feel when we fall in love .
the day i m able to explain to you north korean thinking is probably the day i ve been in this process too long , he told reporters .
it is one of the biggest bailout packages in the history of the global lending organization .
us airways which is still struggling to fully integrate with america west had the highest .
big names like pets . com , living . com , furniture . com and many others simply folded .
moves to punish china over its handling of violence in tibet gained momentum tuesday , with a novel suggestion for a mini boycott of the beijing olympics by vips at the opening ceremony .
mcqueen s non negotiable asking price was million plus , he didn t feel like spending four months shooting in the philippine jungle .
leading the pack , a male bonding movie , friend , pulled in . million people in seoul on a surge of nostalgia from the and something male audience .
the announcement of the deal coincides with a state visit by french president nicolas sarkozy to china .
fellow principal gene simmons told fans the group would play as a trio , and turned the show into a tribute to his ailing bandmate .
officials in seoul expressed disappointment at washington s refusal to accept their request .
the average cup of coffee has hundreds of different chemical compounds .
senior us officials have singled out iran for criticism , a day after giving a progress report on security in iraq .
and the lead over tampa bay after a pasting over the rays last night .
the rok , or the republic of korea , is south korea s official name .
the solomon islands government declared a national state of emergency , as the prime minister held meetings with his impoverished country s aid donors about getting help .
a single bullet helped end the nursing home rampage that left eight people dead in north carolina .
we finally got it something that brings relief to all us who ve reported in the region .
but whatever the reason , five helicopters have now been lost already this year with the us admitting at the weekend that the other four had been shot down .
if by two o clock today gmt , the taliban are not freed , then some of them will probably be killed . our patience is running out .
acting president goh kun said wednesday that south korea will push ahead with its troops dispatch .
suharto ruled with an iron first for years and was accused of endemic corruption and human rights abuses .
bicycles and rickshaws were strewn about the streets , with pools of blood nearby , in the northwestern city of jaipur .
many international historians contend the deaths amounted to genocide , but turkey says the mass killings and deportations were not systematic and that many non kurds also died in the chaos of war .
inter played the last minutes a man down after defender nicolas burdisso was sent off with his second yellow card .
isaacson and the editors of time picked the scientist as their well received person of the century in , and today isaacson s book is on top of the new york times best seller list .
these companies can t go into the credit market and buy all the money they need to keep their operations going .
john mccain of arizona held a narrow lead in state polls over mitt romney , the former governor of neighboring massachusetts who has poured tens of millions of dollars of his personal wealth into the race .
the authorization to pour more troops into gaza came just a day after prime minister ehud olmert said he would let the army do whatever necessary to halt the rocket fire .
we will try to , uh , yep , have a relationship that s respectful and where you guys feel like you re actually getting answers .
really , it s not much more than what interests me , and or what i detect in my travels to be interesting to the most people .
madrid , spain spanish climbing specialist iban mayo became the latest rider to fail a drugs test after it was revealed he had tested positive for epo during the tour de france , it was announced by his saunier duval team on monday . the year old , who finished th in the tour behind compatriot alberto contador , has been suspended by his team .
the carrier , based in chicago , illinois , said the fee to check a second bag will be each way .
it remains to be seen what role , if any , thaksin will play in a future government .
more than , people were ordered to evacuate ahead of the storm , typhoon nabi , which brought winds of km h mph , and up to . m in of rain .
sydney residents had been told to steer clear of the city centre and main roads were shut for bush s motorcade .
in , the two countries agreed to consolidate u . s . military installations scattered across the peninsula into two hub bases in pyeongtaek , gyeonggi province and in the daegu region .
columbia had been scheduled to land at kennedy space center at a . m .
in other recent asian legs of the relay , a large number of chinese students have attended .
after his visit , detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi was allowed to issue a statement for the first time in over four years and to meet members of her party .
san simeon , california
our customers can rest assured that their mercedes will also in the future meet the most stringent requirements in terms of safety , comfort and effortless superiority , and that they will do so with exemplary green credentials , said daimlerchrysler chief executive dieter zetsche .
further , service providers have yet to show they can provide attractive contents and services instead of re runs of their programs on fixed line channels .
the taliban are demanding germany withdraw its , troops from afghanistan , something berlin has
you cannot make a cigar like a cuban cigar in another country . why ?
dan tower , men s gift editor there s going to be so much sizzle at ces about the latest greatest and hi def and wireless and home theater and stuff that at a personal level i will enjoy seeing , but as a matter of practicality , in terms of a gift , some of these things really don t hit the mark . so i really want to see products that you could probably see under the tree in or that you could get for fathers day .
bhutto s remarks were welcomed by another former prime minister , nawaz sharif .
drive down any downtown street and it s clear that food is definitely a big part of big d .
railway workers began putting down their tools at p . m . gmt tuesday , and they expect to be joined hours later by transport staff in paris , the agency spokeswoman agnes grisoglio said .
bill and i were talking again about matters other than the future of our relationship .
will my baby stop breathing ?
driven by the plate beneath the indian ocean , the entire coastline is flexing , as the earth literally bends .
the twin spacecraft , launched in october , are orbiting the sun , one slightly ahead of the earth and one behind .
he had stopped taking the medication three days before the competition , but small amounts were still detected .
the couple divorced in because of irreconcilable differences .
furnishing dealer kapil kumar todi said he chose the name because that s what came to my mind , according to the paper .
a lot will depend on earnings and economic data . the fear of recession in the world s biggest economy hasn t gone away .
a rescuer who tried to help diana after her paris car crash said thursday that the princess spoke as she lay in the wreckage , repeating the words oh my god over and over .
a government official told ap that argentina , ecuador , spain , peru , venezuela and japan have offered aid as well .
the bush campaign has unveiled a new tv ad in which mccain shows his support for bush .
the idea is to acclimatize to the new time zone as quickly as possible .
cambodian s prime minister said tuesday he was severing ties with his adopted daughter , who is a lesbian , but appealed to people not to discriminate against gay people .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the information is classified as secret .
political and militia leaders say they have made progress in talks to curb the violence that was sparked by the bombing of a major shiite shrine .
she flashes her wit to kill it .
if this trend is left unchecked , the domestic job market in is feared to face its worst situation since the foreign exchange crisis gripped the country in late .
saakashvili claimed . percent of the vote , while opposition leader levan gachechiladze had percent , central elections commission chairman levan tarkhnishvili said .
in a youtube clip , palin tells ziegler maybe she should have answered .
the statement , posted on prime minister ehud olmert s web site , said olmert decided to accept a proposal from security advisers to open the corridor .
marin requested that kerviel be charged monday because , under french law , a suspect may be held for only hours without charge .
some studies in singapore show that those who ate curry once a week had better memory scores , he said .
they were placed there under a security alliance after japan was defeated in world war ii .
protestant democratic unionist party leader ian paisley was sworn in as the northern ireland assembly s first minister and key player martin mcguinness of sinn fein will take on the role of deputy first minister .
the orson welles classic the story of a wealthy young idealist transformed by scandal and vice into a regretful old recluse was again rated the best movie ever wednesday by the american film institute .
gas is up significantly , as we head toward memorial day weekend
in hailing obama as a possible vice president , the clintons are reaching out to him and , perhaps more importantly , to his backers , whose support she would need to defeat republican presidential candidate john mccain in the november election .
vick , a standout at virginia tech who was the first player chosen in the nfl draft , is one of pro football s highest profile and highest paid players .
police dispersed the crowd by firing into the air .
democratic senator charles schumer reminded senators that calls for gonzales s resignation had come from senators in both parties .
sydney , australia cnn a teenage boy was killed in a shark attack tuesday morning off australia s eastern coast , health officials said .
marsha garces williams filed a petition for dissolution of marriage on march in san francisco superior court , citing irreconcilable differences .
japan will not apologize again for its world war ii military brothels , even if the u . s . congress passes a resolution demanding it , prime minister shinzo abe told parliament monday .
a total of . million shares will be bought for , won apiece , the company said in a statement .
soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry muslims rallied in pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access of youtube over a trailer for wilders film .
says spokesman john dreyer with a shrug
the report concluded that the sudanese government bore responsibility for the abuses committed by the official popular defense forces militia and the abu gasim faction .
but a source close to the band told the times ronnie and keith have been smoking on stage for the last three decades and they re not going to stop for the next two .
with domestic anger flaring over japan s fresh claims to the dokdo islets , the foreign ministry yesterday summoned the no .
so far , the billy graham evangelistic association says it has received tens of thousands of birthday greetings .
before the leg began , teams were also briefed on the pirate threat by graeme gibbon brooks of maritime intelligence service dryad maritime .
the pundits have counted us out , mccain told supporters , again .
in all , weber said , tons of aid and emergency housing units were being shipped into the area .
however , the white house confirmed that bush landed at the al asad air force base , located just west of baghdad in the anbar province .
for the uninitiated , a bezoar is a hairball .
it features a newly developed compact , high efficient honda fuel cell fc stack in a spacious saloon body .
fishermen from around the united kingdom demonstrated in central london on tuesday to demand their government s help in coping with soaring fuel prices .
a subsequent investigation by france s bureau of inquiries into sea accidents blamed lack of maintenance and corrosion aboard the tanker as the main causes for the spill .
her defense attorney had asked for a revised sentence of less than years in prison .
the dead included four men , two women , a child and another person , sao paulo s state security department said in a statement .
reports of a series of instances of violence were coming from kisumu and kakanega in western province , an area where violence earlier this month had abated , icrc spokesman bernard barrett said monday .
need for cooperation there are no words strong enough to condemn this act of heinous crime , pakistan foreign minister khursheed kasuri told reporters . it has underlined the need for cooperation .
cnn prince harry paraded alongside his fellow british servicemen in scotland wednesday , as he attended a memorial to service members who have died in afghanistan .
the number of claims that were filed are still indicative of a job market that is struggling , and shows that people who are out of work will find it even harder in coming months to land a new job .
state media said at least two people died and more than were hurt as a result of the latest seismic jolt , which came as chinese officials warned that dams in the province damaged in the original quake were in danger of bursting their banks .
most polyps are not dangerous , but over time , they can turn cancerous .
troops armed with hard rubber clubs were patrolling the center of the georgian capital to enforce the state of emergency .
if a neighboring country is providing a safe haven for terrorism . . . we have rights under international law and we will use those rights and we don t have to get permission from anybody , said erdogan , who was due to meet uk prime minister gordon brown on monday in london .
there has been no claim of responsibility for the bombing , which took place just after sherpao completed a speech to a rally of his political supporters .
many of these dissident groups have been online for a decade , and they haven t really subverted anything .
estimated at percent per decade is a natural part of aging , says carol ann paul , who conducted the study when she was at the boston university school of public health .
if we are forced to take an offer directly to your shareholders , that action will have an
brown , , lives in southern california .
it was born out of purely creative reasons , producer david heyman told the times . unlike every other book , you cannot remove elements of this book .
it is the first annual rise in the birthrate since the millennium effect , when the number of births rose . percent to , .
rats are excellent swimmers .
new british foreign secretary david miliband , seeking to quash speculation that london may distance itself from washington over iraq , insisted on sunday the united states was still britain s number one ally .
japan is the only place in asia that has it .
but malaysia s internal security department demanded the word be removed , saying only muslims could use it .
even curvy aretha franklin was known mainly for her one of a kind voice .
pentagon officials have described their war strategy as shock and awe , saying they planned to drop times the bombs in the opening days of the air campaign in iraq than they did in the first gulf war .
under saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man s permission to travel or have surgery .
currently she doesn t have a lawyer , and i feel they re doing this to isolate her and deprive her from her basic rights , al lahim said .
american wayne chandero was impressed , standing inside the church of the nativity on manger square .
she also said that recent comments by putin and other russians had not been helpful to relations and had obscured positive developments and cooperation on a wide range of issues , including the fight against terrorism and halting the spread of weapons of mass destruction .
in addition to mars odyssey , the national aeronautics and space administration is also collecting data with the mars global surveyor spacecraft , which has recently taken pictures of dust storms on the martian surface .
the high living hilton and richie have routinely made headlines with their behavior and the legal repercussions that followed .
unofficial results showed ernest bai koroma of the opposition all people s congress apc comfortably ahead in freetown and the north of the ex british colony , which contain about half its . million voters .
the recording ends with screams and a woman s voice , followed by an explosion .
the forecast for this winter is a continued quiet sun , in general , he said .
new unemployment numbers are increasing expectations that an economic recovery could kick in before the end of the year .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
they have to get away from this big bonus system which encourages their managers to take risky bets , instead of engaging ordinary commercial banking activities .
most of the country s leading pro democracy activists are in jail , many in connection with anti government demonstrations in august and september .
in it , the year old says the attack had originally been planned for september .
the national assembly will hold confirmation hearings within days of roh s formal nomination . a majority of a quorum of the assembly must vote to confirm such nominees before they can take their seats .
pyeongchang is decided as the korea s candidate of hosting the winter olympics .
us president george w bush said the killing was horrific , while a host of lebanese politicians blamed syria for the bomb .
goody , the daughter of drug addicts , readily admitted that she used her illness and other publicity events to generate enough money so that her children would have a better life than she did .
but eventually some new ethos will replace those values and will be as widely accepted
pakistan voiced similar protests , telling the uk envoy in islamabad the honor showed the british government s utter lack of sensitivity .
kim will be in seoul thursday to present himself for the state auditors investigation and will hold a press conference the following day to explain missing details on his employee s death , according to sources .
despite strained relations over japan s imperial past and its interpretation of that history , the two leaders found common ground in discussing the north s nuclear brinkmanship .
the previous five such events raised more than million .
yet deep differences remained over a u . s . missile defense plan for europe .
this was a big deal i think that it has surprised everybody , vatican journalist delia gallagher said .
the foundation says it will cover all medical costs from surgeries for youssif to housing costs to any social rehabilitation that might be need for him .
there were rumors prisoner william charles morva , accused of killing two people while on the run , had entered the blacksburg campus .
the bullet from the h k usp . caliber handgun penetrated the left side of the jet s fuselage but did not hit any crucial wiring or instrumentation , the tsa said .
that no longer includes travelers from the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , the republic of korea , and the slovak republic
i don t care that they can see through me , because they can see me anyway .
japan worries about playing at the north korean stadium for the qualifying match of the world cup .
riots from haiti to bangladesh to egypt over the soaring costs of basic foods have brought the issue to a boiling point and catapulted it to the forefront of the world s attention , the head of an agency focused on global development said monday .
kyodo said the leg was believed to be that of an adult but other details were unknown .
government spokesman bright matonga said the ruling was the right judgment because it allowed the electoral commission to complete a thorough review of results , the associated press reported .
at a convention attended by nearly , delegates , all ten provinces declared they endorsed mugabe as candidate for the march poll .
the point gain for obama and the point drop for clinton are both within the poll s sampling error , so although the survey appears to indicate some movement toward obama , we cannot say for certain that he has gained any ground since last week , said cnn polling director keating holland .
about experts were to meet on april for an initial assessment at unesco headquarters in paris .
the money was funneled through other nonprofit agencies to hide its origin , according to wood .
other hospitals were on alert .
among the details of tuesday s agreement
hackett , the general manager of professional game match officials limited , says he has left a message with liverpool manager rafael benitez apologizing for the blunder .
lee said the current security situation is very grave , even comparing it with the financial crisis in when south korea was enrolled in the imf tutelage program . the korea times is quoting lee jong seok , deputy chief of the national security council , as saying it is inevitable for the united states to reduce its troops stationed in south korea due to the changing security conditions around the world .
as an added precaution , the spacewalkers were advised not to point any nonessential lights at the solar wing in question to prevent power generation .
north korea has ended a week of feverish speculation by finally confirming that its secretive leader kim jong il has been in china .
the joong ang ilbo reported that park , who is , ended the final round of the tournament on sunday at the mission hills country club in rancho mirage , california , with a three under par to finish at , or under for four rounds .
friday classes also are canceled at the school s dekalb campus .
they described cards for the lover s day as obscene , and a violation of mainly hindu india s cultural ethos .
and finally , in , mcqueen told apocalypse now director francis ford coppola to shove off when he was offered the lead .
mounting hunger and increasing evidence of severe malnutrition is evident and the capacities of humanitarian agencies to meet these needs is under severe strain , particularly as pledged funding remains undelivered , the u . n . chief executives board said in a communiqu eacute .
the questions were not gender specific , said corty . but he said prior research has shown men and women want foreplay and sexual intercourse to last longer .
one of the men threatened personnel at the museum s front door with a pistol and forced them to the ground , police said , while the other two men went into an exhibition room and stole four oil paintings by paul cezanne , edgar degas , claude monet and vincent van gogh .
enron filed for bankruptcy in december after investigators found it had used partnerships to conceal more than billion in debt and inflate profits .
they will need clean air to breathe .
but according to reuters news agency he appeared to be shunned by delegates .
darwin , a prison officer and former teacher , was declared dead by a coroner in , months after he went missing .
james , who played rugby for england under s , was a university student at the time of his injury last year .
most travel companies in the region subscribe to iaato , the international association of antarctic tour operators , which sets guidelines to manage tourism here .
the us said insurgents were killed and anti iraqi elements captured .
the attack at the air base at anuradhapura began at a . m . with rebels infiltrating the base in the country s north central province .
hello kitty , invented by sanrio co . in , has been popular for years with children and young women .
u . s . attack helicopters armed with missiles killed al qaeda gunmen friday in and around a village southwest of khalis , a volatile town in the province , the u . s . military said .
earlier , authorities identified iraqi doctor bilal abdulla , , as one of two men who rammed an explosives laden suv into a terminal at the airport in glasgow , scotland , saturday , a british source said .
a senior portuguese detective has been appointed to bring fresh momentum to the controversial investigation into the disappearance of british girl madeleine mccann .
after having cordoned off the area , they opened the package with bomb disposal equipment , only to find the battery operated device inside .
the american medical association says that off label prescriptions account for up to half of all those written .
when rising gas prices coincided with a baby on the way for lucas and naomi smith , they knew they had to make some quick changes help keep life affordable .
but john bolton , the former u . s . ambassador to the united nations and onetime chief of the state department s arms control division , called the reported draft a very bad deal .
the , foot snowcapped volcano on new zealand s north island put on a stunning display before dawn , shooting red hot rocks , glowing ash and debris thousands of feet into the air .
the bus was coming from the beach resort of mar de ajo on its way to san miguel , outside the capital of buenos aires , according to a sign on the bus .
ma has acknowledged his comments might have been rash and frivolous , but insisted there was no massacre .
rescuers found at least dead in the chinese district at the epicenter of the magnitude . earthquake tuesday , while heavy rain , collapsed bridges and damaged roads complicated efforts to get troops and aid workers to the worst hit towns .
the storm had been expected to hit haiti directly but veered toward the dominican republic , apparently catching residents off guard .
the government had insisted it preferred a commercial solution to nationalization .
a co defendant , walter alexander , faces similar charges in an investigation dillon has called dynamic and ongoing .
the herald newspaper said that at least owners and managers of shops and gasoline stations had been arrested for overcharging wednesday , bringing the total to , .
korea university is considering dropping its bid to run a u . s . style law school to protest what it calls an unacceptable student quota .
former player john anderson told press association that success was the key to ashley winning back the fans trust .
there s much too much satellite relay and not enough face time .
the official said logistical details for christopher hill , assistant secretary of state , were still being worked out .
three south korean executives and eight filipino laborers with daewoo engineering and construction were kidnapped thursday following a shootout at a power plant construction site in southern nigeria .
another etc company , dallas based amtech , can install systems using digital cash , which would afford complete privacy .
twenty years ago , the plaza in front of seoul city hall was filled with tens of thousands of protesters risking tear gas and injury to fight for a democratic future .
the blast killed at least people and injured , a baghdad police official said .
however hard we try , there is a possibility of a failure in reaching an agreement because of reasons either on our side or the american side , kim told a korea broadcasting system radio interviewer .
in our focus report , bob dody examines the plight of u . s . cities in the s and what s being done to revive them .
the president and president elect walked together along the colonnade by the rose garden before entering the oval office together .
two men on a motorcycle used water pistols to spray acid on girls walking to school wednesday in the southern afghan city of kandahar , blinding at least two of them , military spokesmen said .
but it did produce plutonium , enough to make a few bombs and to test fire a nuclear weapon months ago .
the bush administration has until the end of this year to submit to congress a draft for trade remedies to meet the june , , expiry of its trade promotion authority .
the rising popularity of text messaging on mobile phones poses a threat to writing standards among irish schoolchildren , an education commission says .
our goal is always to maintain a purely democratic system for the submission and sharing of information and we want digg to continue to be a great resource for finding the best content , adelson said .
clear across the country , john mccain is stumping hard in virginia , once a safe state for the gop , now a toss up .
according to the scenario , a magnitude . earthquake had struck near the coast of chile , sending a tsunami racing across the eastern pacific .
the agreement had been linked with an earlier decision by indonesia not to share samples of the h n virus with foreign laboratories , citing intellectual property rights .
an influential republican senator has called for the withdrawal of some , us troops from iraq by the year s end .
blacksburg , virginia cnn virginia tech students reacted with disgust , anger , shock and fear thursday to the paranoid multimedia manifesto that student gunman cho seung hui mailed the morning of his monday killing spree .
he also played a supporting role in monster s ball , among other films .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon last week deplored the acts , urged all parties to stop hostilities , and said all parties must adhere to international humanitarian law , which prohibits military attacks against civilians .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice is holding talks with her israeli counterpart amid fresh diplomatic moves to advance the mid east peace process .
five are said to be in critical condition .
with a little creativity and internet savvy , a person can find anything from blog postings to news stories that might include personal details and whether people are telling the truth about their age and where they ve lived .
the constitutional court started reviewing the special law on capital relocation .
now , with , hotel rooms under construction in the city a growth of more than percent that crunch could ease ever so slightly in the coming months .
the group , army of islam , blamed hamas militants for kidnapping two of its members tuesday morning while they were leaving a gaza mosque after morning prayers .
police had said they believed the abduction of the boy may be linked to the grandfather s drug dealings with mexican nationals .
daubed beneath her was the slogan
however , there is nothing new about the selling of american assets .
hurricane force winds are some miles from the center of the storm .
a group representing foreign and afghan aid agencies said that international and afghan forces have killed at least civilians this year , including women and children .
andrew morton , author of tom cruise
google partnered with the x prize foundation for the moon challenge , which is open to companies around the world .
he woke the family up extra early , shouting , let s go !
initially , the man gave police several different names but was clearly the man in the newspaper photograph , chamblee police told cnn . a search of his person found a new zealand driver s license bearing the name nai yin xue .
mattar said tuesday the court accepted the appeal and will hold the first hearing november in dubai .
there have been a number of high profile deaths related to heart ailments in football in recent years .
a city bus drops you off a mile from the park visitor center , or take a shuttle or tour bus right into the park .
a singer known for her sultry voice and s hit in america pata pata .
grylls , , is the host of discovery s man vs . wild in which he demonstrates extreme measures
and he makes a covenant with this man that he will say yes to everything no matter how ridiculous it is .
even the moderate amounts that help prevent heart disease
they escaped the murderous rage of genghis khan who lost his favorite grandson at the battle for bamiyan s red city in , and razed the entire valley in revenge .
during the primary season , former baptist minister mike huckabee appealed directly to evangelicals as one of their own but in opinion polls conducted early in the primary season , those voters preferred either democrat to the former arkansas governor .
pitt and jolie , with children in tow , were in venice to talk about his film on western outlaw jesse james .
one of the children , richard rosewarne , , was quoted in the taranaki daily news on wednesday as saying george fought with the pit bulls to keep them off his year old brother , darryl .
lee byung hun s arrival in the packed auditorium at a london screening of his latest film , the good , the bad , the weird , causes a well behaved sizzle of excitement to run through the largely female and asian audience .
the picture warnings will replace the existing written warnings which warn smokers in brief , bold phrases about the dangers of smoking .
but on the west coast , the summer of is merely another birthday for the santa cruz beach boardwalk .
a terror alert has been expanded to korean deep sea fishing vessels in the persian gulf as the government has received information that an unidentified islamic terrorist group is targeting the fishermen .
doing so would likely create huge problems for civil aviation throughout latin america s largest nation because congonhas is a key hub , but prosecutors called the move essential to ensuring air safety .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
beverly hills chihuahua was barking up the right tree with movie goers , who put the disney comedy at no . for the weekend with a million debut , according to studio estimates sunday .
at a business hotel in shiga prefecture in western japan , a man in his s was found dead thursday morning by employees who noticed a strange smell coming from his room , according to national broadcaster nhk .
the move follows battles in karbala and other cities between the mehdi army and badr organization , the armed wing of the supreme islamic council of iraq hostilities that left more than people dead and scores injured .
both presidential candidates are claiming to have played roles in getting the administration and congress to agree on a tentative billion financial bailout .
she was released from custody because she was admitted to the hospital , police said .
the person killed was a year old stuntman , the beijing news reported , citing a local fire commander .
elsewhere at least people died and others were hurt in a suicide truck bomb attack in northern iraq .
the find is important because it adds to the understanding of the th dynasty , which lasted from , b . c . to , b . c .
to persuade another company to produce the instant film .
indicating that ties between seoul and tokyo may be cooling over the tokto islands territorial dispute , foreign minister ban ki moon said that south korea would rebuff any attempts by japan to lay claim to the jagged set of rocks in the east sea sea of japan .
on saturday , the team spent more than two hours at the park .
the taliban seized two other germans and five afghans last week .
until two years ago , air india allowed an attendant s weight to vary within . lbs kg of a specified limit .
kim had reportedly been planning to speak out saturday on the nd anniversary of his return to korea after his kidnapping by the national intelligence agency under then dictator park chung hee .
oslo , norway cnn a dwarf crocodile in norway was recuperating tuesday from a kidnapping ordeal that included having his mouth taped shut , an aquarium director said .
filming on the sixth potter flick , harry potter and the half blood prince , began in september .
new mexico s high school dropout rate is , north carolina is .
how come your factories and reactors are working day and night while you re asking our factories and centers to stop its facilities ?
mega blockbusters of that helped fill studio coffers included a quiver of spin offs of established characters as well as a bevy of sequels to previous hit movies that the studios were keen to cash in on .
what this means is that no u . s . citizen or private organization will be allowed to engage in financial transactions with these persons and entities , secretary of state condoleezza rice said . in addition , any assets that these designees have under u . s . jurisdiction will be immediately frozen .
the team is particularly interested in the grevy s zebra , an endangered species whose numbers have dropped to only about , .
and john b . bellinger iii , who was the national security council s top lawyer until january .
the seoul metropolitan government is suing mbc television over a report it aired alleging the mayor and other city officials rigged the competitive bidding for the city s recently installed bus pass system .
at least nine bombings in and near the northern iraqi city of mosul on wednesday were aimed at freeing hundreds of inmates from an iraqi prison , iraqi and u . s . military sources said .
they are particularly concerned that the toughened financial regulations could cripple lenders , which are heavily exposed to home buyers .
they feel a sense of remorse over it .
concerns have been simmering over rising food and fuel prices that many analysts expect to worsen next year , kuppusamy added .
the nine man , three woman jury delivered a note to court officials early tuesday afternoon , warning they were unable to reach a unanimous verdict in spector s case .
more than , google employees from more than offices worldwide , with the help of an advisory board , will whittle down the massive list to finalists .
gang members apparently attacked the helicopter thinking it belonged to the police , vianna said .
later that year , he accused the junta of making absurd excuses to keep political opponents in prison .
their biocatalytic process converts co into basic hydrocarbons c methane c ethane and c propane
the preparations were detected after the reclusive communist state refused to take part in a fourth round of six party talks this month on ending its nuclear ambitions and said it would never give up its deterrent .
tehran recently arrested haleh esfandiari , one of four iranian americans detained in tehran , on the suspicion of conducting activities against the iranian government , an accusation dismissed by washington .
she then became one of an estimated , people who have failed to show up for deportation .
the un believes gaza s . m inhabitants face serious hardship and one of its officials said unheated hospitals were having to rely on generators for operations .
all of iraq s other neighbors as well as egypt , bahrain and representatives of the big five u . n . security council members have agreed to attend .
he said he would take responsibility for the errors , but claimed he had been deceived by junior researchers .
meanwhile , it says the economy shrank at a . annual rate at the end of last year .
with a little practice , you ll become more skilled at maintaining focus and can add more short meditations to your day , whenever you need revitalizing .
the united states has had no diplomatic relations with north korea since the country was created after world war ii , when korea was split into a communist dominated north and a u . s . backed capitalist south .
what accounts for this ability to survive to such old age , and to survive so well ?
the actor is the most high profile among people , mostly muslims , found guilty in the bombings trial , one of the world s longest running court cases .
the united states has informed south korea that it would cost billion won to billion won million to million to move the c i military command system .
in a dispatch monitored by south korea s yonhap news agency , the north s official news agency , kcna , said the reported u . s . reinforcements were a serious development that can only be seen on the eve of war , and that our people and military will react with strong self defense measures .
as earth s next door planetary neighbour , it has the advantage of location and is also thought to be similar in composition to earth , rather than being a gas giant like jupiter .
police said thursday that the boy had confessed to shooting the two men with a . caliber weapon .
stone is part of an international delegation expected to fly by helicopter as early as sunday into the country s eastern jungles , an area the size of france , to collect the captives
among the guests expected at the presumptive nominee s ranch in sedona are florida gov . charlie crist , louisiana gov . bobby jindal and former massachusetts gov . mitt romney , one of mccain s former rivals for the gop s presidential nomination .
there were no reports of any afghan civilian injuries , the coalition said .
there was no immediate word on casualties in the city north of baghdad .
forces korea usfk , but the number of american soldiers stationed here is not as important as the quality of their services , said roh in a special interview with the yonhap news agency .
but having analyzed the inscription , pfann , who made a brief appearance in the film as an ossuary expert , published a detailed article on his university s web site asserting that it doesn t read mariamene at all .
finally tonight at gmt
luis figo famously had a pig s head thrown at him on his first return to the nou camp following his move from barcelona to real madrid in .
when hiv positive winnie sseruma was invited to speak on the subject at the united nations in new york last june , she never expected that her condition would prevent her from obtaining a visa .
there are up to , aids related deaths in south africa every day and free condom distribution is a crucial part of the government s efforts to combat the spread of the epidemic .
he said north korean officials said at the time that pakistan had conducted a nuclear test in the face of u . s . warnings not to , but no sanctions had been imposed in return .
the poll of polls does not have a sampling error .
madrid , spain cnn a drummer for the swedish pop group abba has died after an apparent accident at his home in spain , a civil guard spokeswoman said monday .
the monarch can give the honor to anyone she chooses without advice from government ministers .
china s top policy making body , is made up of nine members of the member politburo , which will also be named sunday .
the korea online newspaper association , which includes most of the country s vernacular dailies , said thursday that it is considering bringing google to court .
it has got to be checked through later but his brother has phoned to tell us it was very successful .
the u . n . mission in nepal said it lost contact with the helicopter about p . m . gmt .
the statement coincided with the beginning of talks between the two allies on another sensitive issue moving u . s . troops further south away from the tense border with north korea .
clinton also won arizona , arkansas , oklahoma and tennessee , and the larger share of the delegates in those states .
combining the teams will need approval from relevant sporting bodies . officials from the two sides are scheduled to meet in the north korean border town of kaesong on december to work out the details of fielding a joint team .
berens owns and operates panther ridge conservation center , which provides homes for exotic cats , authorities said .
gough island , a british territory almost midway between argentina and south africa , is a place of stunning natural beauty .
after a battery of tests , doctors determined that the incident was caused by the tumor .
like a chemist , the spacecraft mixed the soil with water brought from earth into a beaker the size of a teacup and stirred it .
salaheddin gov . hamed hamoud shekti in a public announcement thursday from the askariya mosque .
critics , however , say the system does nothing to prevent clean skin terrorists those like shoe bomber richard reid who were not on terror watch lists from entering the united states .
the meetings would help improve chances of a successful meeting later this month with japan , russia , south korea and china in six nation talks aimed at ending the north s nuclear weapons program and improving relations between north korea and other countries , hill said .
a expedition to the same stretch of jungle dubbed by conservation international as a lost world because until then humans had rarely visited it unearthed scores of exotic new species of palms and butterflies .
macau , china more than million in disputed north korean funds was transferred from a blacklisted macau bank thursday , an official said , signaling a breakthrough in a dispute that has held up the north s pledge to shut down its nuclear reactor .
the blast was so powerful , it caused the bus to slam into a nearby store .
defense attorney fred duchardt , who claims sexual abuse during montgomery s childhood led to mental illness , asked the jury to spare his client s life .
a spokeswoman for microsoft said the units sold for a base price of , .
rice said the united states has a one china policy and that the administration does not support independence for taiwan . she called taiwan s referendum to join the united nations under its name a provocative move .
flight , headed to charlotte , north carolina , may have experienced a bird strike , according to faa spokeswoman laura brown .
but protesters picked up the pink colored pamphlets and made a bonfire of them , state news agency the press trust of india said .
the chief economist of standard and poor s david wyss tells the ap there will be dramatic up days and down days for a while and you could get caught in the buying .
hangzhou zhongce has denied that , asserting that the design did not include a gum strip .
the agency said the two sides agreed to resume six party talks involving north korea , south korea , the us , russia , japan and china , in july .
that truce was blamed for an increase in attacks on u . s . troops over the border in afghanistan , as taliban fighters were able to prepare , train , and reconstitute weapons supplies without interference from the pakistani government .
tim , we re told a list is circulating at the summit with nearly items in all that would improve market regulation , opening up to scrutiny some of the complex financial instruments behind the current crisis .
former british prime minister tony blair said the support of donors needed to be repaid in the coming months with steps to create a lasting settlement .
fema director david paulison said friday that his agency is sending teams to areas hit by the storms .
the joong ang ilbo reports president roh moo hyun has told professors and students in france that korea needs more friends around the world and suggested the united states holds too much sway over his country .
roadblocks have been set up to prevent the soldiers being moved from the area .
but colombians are preparing for more difficulty
sheikhly said the iraqi government has allowed blackwater to again operate in the streets of iraq because , otherwise , u . s . troops would have to be pulled from the field to provide security .
a bell tolled times to commemorate all of those killed by cho seung hui last monday in the deadliest shooting incident in modern us history .
no problem if you weren t one of the correspondents in the east room for last night s presidential news conference ?
beach hotel
a native rapanui woman told authorities she witnessed the theft sunday at anakena beach and saw kulju fleeing from the scene with a piece of the statue in his hand .
nicholson was last politically active during george mcgovern s campaign against richard nixon , and he points to his beliefs at that time in explaining why he left that realm of the public eye .
treasury secretary henry paulson , speaking at the national housing forum monday , said the united states is aggressively pursuing relief for struggling subprime mortgage holders .
i m not going to throw a figure out here . what he said is , he wants a plan big enough to deal with the large challenges we face .
analysts say zimbabwe s main opposition movement for democratic change mdc is too weak and divided to pose a political challenge to mugabe , who has been in power for years .
karzai , appearing on cnn s late edition , said he will meet with musharraf after he meets with president bush on sunday and monday in camp david , maryland .
the un and african union condemned the sudan s government .
gen . james cartwright , vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , told reporters at the pentagon that the window to accomplish the mission could begin in three to four days .
they re opting instead to demolish parts of the mosque s perimeter to allow people barricaded inside to escape .
concerns remain high about fraud in voter registrations in several states .
in a nationally televised interview with the state run korean broadcasting system last night , he also displayed his strong belief in a free trade agreement fta with the united states .
a jury took less than three hours to convict alexander pichushkin of the murders , most of which occurred over five years in a sprawling southern park .
makoni s campaign marks the first public challenge to mugabe s grip on power from within his own party .
in mid november , co founder jerry yang stepped down after failed attempts to improve the company s performance .
but in recent months , scientists , private agencies and even the british government have said biofuels could do more harm than good .
the , iraqis would be included as part of , refugees worldwide permitted under u . s . law to resettle in the united states each year .
al zawahiri said bush was addicted to drinking , lying and gambling and that the american people are the ones who chose him twice , out of greed for the muslims treasures and in animosity to them .
the team , which published its findings in the journal of the royal society biology letters on wednesday , included researchers from the united states , britain , japan and china .
the white house this morning says letting the auto industry fail would be nothing short of irresponsible
president elect barack obama says now is not the time for half measures when it comes to righting the economy .
survivors described how the plane smashed through a wall and broke up , before bursting into flames .
but in seoul , the situation appeared more positive as the top u . s . envoy here emphasized washington s willingness to talk one on one with pyongyang .
costa rican police are investigating claims by two photographers that they were shot at by bodyguards at the wedding of supermodel gisele bundchen and new england patriots quarterback tom brady .
the international community should work with the cuban people to begin to build institutions that are necessary for democracy and eventually this transition ought to lead to free and fair elections , bush said at a news conference in rwanda during his five nation tour of africa .
ninth circuit court of appeals decision means that kim gyeong jun , currently in detention , is likely to arrive in korea in late november .
an eu spokeswoman said michel was not trying to broker a deal , but was in kenya to collect first hand information .
designed to last up to five years , the trial was stopped after less than two because endpoints set by an independent oversight committee were met , the study says .
prosecutors sought the arrest warrant late saturday for kim , a u . s . educated fund manager , on allegations of stock price manipulation and the embezzlement of . billion won us . million from investors .
beatification is the last formal step before sainthood , the church s highest honor for its faithful .
united nations secretary general ban ki moon said in a statement he was deeply saddened by the loss of life and the destruction suffered by the people of myanmar and pledged to mobilize international aid and assistance as needed .
the new system is expected to replace most analog broadcasting within six years .
meant to quash any hopes protesters may have of staging anti government demonstrations during gambari s visit to yangon which has been at the center of a violent crackdown by the ruling military junta the witness said .
the clark county coroner s office was examining the body to determine the cause of death , according to tmz .
seven crew members of a spanish charter company and a belgian pilot were also detained , according to french television reports .
police cordoned off a two block area around the crime scene sunday morning , wheeling out bodies as neighbors gathered on the sidewalks to watch the investigation on a tree lined street just two blocks from the police station .
the flight center is home to the largest organization of scientists and engineers in the united states , according to nasa .
in the latest ministerial talks on jeju island , the unification minister chung dong young urged the north to return to the nuclear disarmament talks as soon as possible , stressing the implementation of the sept .
helen hunt s directorial debut , the romantic comedy then she found me , premieres at september s toronto international film festival .
load of explosives with enough power to blow up a skyscraper was delivered to a local news service by an unidentified man who said he found them in a garbage can in suwon .
the government began receiving applications for the new h visa , which will allow ethnic koreans from china , russia and the former soviet union states to stay and work in korea for up to three years on a single entry basis or five years on a multiple entry basis .
chopped cardboard , softened with an industrial chemical and flavored with fatty pork and powdered seasoning , is a main ingredient in batches of steamed buns sold in one beijing neighborhood , state television said .
prosecutors say lo piccolo , who is in his s , was vying to become cosa nostra s top boss with another fugitive , matteo messina denaro , a younger boss from western sicily .
former prime minister nawaz sharif has arrived in pakistan to a jubilant welcome after seven years in exile .
ahmadinejad said iran s first step in the field of space technology had been taken wisely and precisely , irna reported .
in , two students killed people at columbine high school , in littleton , colorado , before both committing suicide .
the boy , who was not identified , was arrested saturday on first degree murder charges , lauderhill police spokesman lt . mike cochran said .
cattle prices plummeted the day the show aired , and kept heading south for two weeks , in what beef traders called the oprah crash of .
former korean ambassador to washington hong seok hyun returned to seoul saturday to face a summons over his alleged involvement in a campaign fund scandal .
a local official said that thousands of people had sought refuge in mosques and other safe places .
i think the pope is trying to limit god s world view and stands in grave error by doing so , said marianne duddy burke , executive director of dignityusa , which campaigns for openly gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender catholics to be accepted fully by the church .
prompting officers to search the internet , where they found uploaded video of his hazardous riding .
whether they get off will depend on further denuclearization , added hill , the assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs .
he is scheduled to be sworn in feb .
rewritten or redistributed .
a senior police official said activity in the area had intensified and security forces were taking necessary action .
security council adopted a resolution , condemning pyongyang s missile launches .
general motors , ford motor and chrysler llc
pakistan is vital to our success in afghanistan , de hoop scheffer said .
if it is confirmed , mayo will be the third rider to have tested positive on the tour .
thai newspapers report that the new cabinet decided to give the leaders of september s coup additional pay on top of their monthly military salaries .
the owner of an american cargo ship being held by pirates off the coast of somalia says a u . s .
the plan has been met with strong opposition from university officials , with some national assembly members also saying the figures are hard to comprehend .
kimchi derived from the need to preserve vegetables through the harsh korean winters .
the case has drawn outrage in australia after it was revealed that nine males who pleaded guilty to the second rape were paroled or had their sentences suspended by a judge who said the victim had probably consented to having sex with them .
lonelygirl , ok go and other youtube sensations will get an opportunity to walk down a virtual red carpet .
in all , , species are threatened with extinction , more than last year , iucn said .
christopher hill will fly to beijing later in the week as he tries to keep the six way talks from falling apart .
south korea s foreign minister has won the support of the security council s five permanent members in an informal vote on the next un secretary general .
bhumibol s birthday is a national holiday in thailand and has become a day of nationwide tribute to the man who is the most influential figure in modern thai history .
moore said his former roommate knew cho because the two went to the same high school .
field s research shows touch lowers output of cortisol , a stress hormone .
the world s no . automaker announced in december that it was hoping to sell . million vehicles in the u . s . in and predicted a jump in global sales to . million vehicles because of strong sales in emerging markets such as china and russia .
other injured were taken to a nearby hospital , junaid qureshi , director of operations for pakistan railways , told cnn . he said the number of casualties is expected to rise .
nevada highway shoots across the high desert landscape in what seems like an endless straight line .
in rural areas , the law allows for a second child under certain circumstances .
federer told officials at the kooyong classic on monday that he became ill after arriving in australia last friday from his training base in dubai .
both even have genes for a tail , even though it s not switched on in humans .
former lebanese president amine gemayel expressed his sadness , saying ghanem was a very close friend of mine , and adding that his death will have political implications .
shepherds from across the world joined their spanish colleagues to lead flocks of sheep through the streets of downtown madrid on sunday in defense of ancient grazing routes threatened by urban sprawl and manmade frontiers .
almost , american troops have died in the war , a painful toll that bush acknowledges in his remarks .
so what did it for the man who will become america s th president ?
despite her reluctance to be a public personality herself , ruth graham met many of the powerful and famous through her husband who was a spiritual adviser to presidents for decades .
the people were thirsty to listen to music and to have fresh young artists , said afghan star host daoud siddique .
she doesn t want to hear about your disappointment in mcdonald s .
branson said fossett s wife , peggy , had written to him to say she was returning to nevada for one final search but the likely fate of her husband was beginning to sink in .
celebrities in aids benefit concert in south africa .
once mickelson hit the ball it just came off perfectly , he said he couldn t see it through the branches .
child malnutrition rates have jumped from percent before the invasion four years ago to percent now , and there are two million internally displaced people , many of whom have no or little access to food rations .
he said people are coming back to their villages , they re planting their crops for the summer season , the monsoon will come and wash all the saltwater out of the ponds .
maria elena lopez , a vice minister of tourism , reported a percent increase in foreign visitors this year compared with the first three months of , but she did not provide further data , according to the communist party daily granma .
chinese premier wen jiabao has met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe in tokyo , at the start of a summit hailed as a sign of improved relations .
foreign workers make up percent of the million strong labor force in malaysia . unemployment in the country is about . percent .
the ap s marsha dunn reports from cape canaveral that today s space walk is the biggest challenge for the hubble repair crew
the grim record came despite lower death rates in recent months , which were not enough to offset death tolls that topped during three months in the spring .
a fuel tanker packed with explosives detonated wednesday at a gas station in western baghdad , killing at least people and wounding others , the iraqi interior ministry said .
a day earlier , the newspaper reported that the informant worked for french intelligence .
this is one reason why booking hotels is becoming more and more difficult and expensive for american tour organizers .
in vietnam , officials were evacuating , people , as typhoon hagibis neared the nation s southern coast , days after unleashing deadly landslides and floods in the philippines , the associated press reported .
marcus allback opened the scoring within a minute of kick off , but swedish hearts were in their mouths when juris laizans equalised after minutes .
las vegas , nevada ap after nearly years , california s classic rock group the eagles may soon release their first album of all new music .
the names of the new defendants have not been released yet .
but university of california scientists who switched birds beaks through a little egg tinkering had more than avian oddity in mind
u . s . military academy researchers studying documents note the continuing predominance of saudis among foreign fighters .
bowling in altoona , getting on buses and going around to different parts of the state including harrisburg . . . you have a feeling that the crescendo is starting to build , he said .
authorities said the damage could take months to repair , and that it would cause the worst disruption for bay area commuters since the loma prieta earthquake damaged a section of the bay bridge itself .
putin , a black belt , said friday that he and yasuhiro yamashita , a world and olympic judo champion from japan , have made an instructional video together .
tanya rider left work at a fred meyer grocery store in bellevue on september but never made it home .
senate majority leader harry reid said if the president refuses to change direction , america risks being bogged down in iraq for years , not months .
iraqi officials said the bombs hit villages , leaving one woman dead , while the pkk reported seven deaths .
the year old ivanovic , seeded seventh , beat former wimbledon champion sharapova in just minutes , sealing victory with an ace on the first match point to become the first player representing serbia to make the final of a grand slam event .
it is an issue with morality .
a korean appeals court overturned a lower court ruling and ordered the u . s . based lone star funds to pay the city of seoul . billion won million in taxes and penalties .
as well as functionality , mccann predicts that mass customization will emerge as a major trend in clothing .
washington cnn even infants can tell the difference between naughty and nice playmates , and know which to choose , a new study finds .
this year , the american cancer society estimates , , people will be diagnosed with melanoma and , will die from it .
there are approximately , north koreans working in russia s maritime province , including construction workers in vladivostok .
both are celebrating their th anniversaries , one of them tonight .
she didn t attend a luncheon with her husband at u . s . president george w . bush s maine vacation home over the summer , citing illness .
heston , known for portrayals of larger than life figure including moses and ben hur , was suffering the late stages of alzheimer s disease .
in a nationally televised address broadcast from ankara , prime minister tayyip erdogan blamed terrorists for the blast , but offered no evidence .
the civilians were driving down from the holy city of karbala in an unmarked , unprotected vehicle at p . m .
authorities are currently conducting dna tests to confirm his identity .
when caught in the central province of hubei , heng apologized for mistreating workers but denied blame for the death of the mentally impaired man , a hubei newspaper reported . i felt it was a fairly small thing , just hitting and swearing at the workers
they were conducted at local mosques , in an area , of course , that was virtually flattened by the giant waves that washed onto the coastline on that december day four years ago .
cnn s david mattingly said the scope of the damage did not appear to match last week s collapse of a three story concrete school that killed more than people
roh expressed concern over the korean people who speak in support of the u . s . more proactively than u . s . citizens .
stiles was a distant friend of the girl s family , de meo said .
with the latest presidential tour his third this year roh will become the first korean president to visit greece , romania and finland .
the grand national party had accused roh of electioneering in his speech .
the video concludes with images apparently taken from the identification cards of the two soldiers .
ji yai shin of south korea held off karrie webb and an ailing paula creamer to win the adt championship on sunday by one stroke after a final round two under .
north korea should immediately invite nuclear experts to begin sealing the facility , the us state department said .
the torch was expected to arrive in beijing early monday aboard an air china flight , allowing the government a brief respite before the relay sets off on a problematic , month long world tour .
in recent months , afghanistan has seen a surge in deadly attacks targeting police officials and american and coalition forces .
we have to do more prevention work and to inform the people about the virus so they can do more to keep away from it , said chinese vice health minister liu qian .
everybody is eager to know more about the south koreans , chun said .
pro democracy protesters took to the streets of myanmar in august after the government raised fuel prices as much as percent .
the exit polls are based on surveys of voters in mississippi s democratic primary .
the relationship break up of britain s prince william and longtime girlfriend kate middleton sparked a media frenzy sunday , as the country s newspapers speculated on the reasons behind the split .
the fees that would have been paid will be deducted from his bbc contract , mark thompson , director general of the bbc , said in a statement .
with the u . s . auto industry s immediate fate now resting on the amount of money that congress place in their begging bowl , it s worth noting that cash alone is not going to save them in the long run .
swede henrik stenson still leads the order of merit with . million euros .
the korean national railroad says tests of south korea s self designed bullet train , the g , have turned up serious flaws that could push back the target date for its rollout on the seoul jeolla province line .
a u . s . missile overshot its target and struck a troop vehicle , injuring two u . s . soldiers and two iraqi civilians , and setting houses on fire in eastern baghdad , the military said .
what if she lied to her husband about the monthly phone bills , as high as ?
it was a labor day weekend for the record books at a florida hospital , where a woman gave birth to the state s first set of sextuplets .
speaking on condition of anonymity , the official said that while the attorney general looked at the papers , rahman did not need to be detained .
relying heavily on massive airstrikes recommended by the military chief , lt . gen . dan halutz , olmert pledged to his people that israel would crush hezbollah and force return of the captured soldiers .
indonesia has suffered from a string of transportation accidents in recent months , including an adam air plane that disappeared in january with more than passengers and crew on board , and a ferry sinking in late december in which hundreds died .
the primera liga side said on their web site they had reached an agreement to sell the year old international to the european champions but did not reveal the fee .
he built schools and hospitals , created organizations such as the himalayan trust and worked tirelessly for primarily the nepalese , but also for third world causes .
in the summer , moscow asked for a delay in talks among south korea , north korea and russia on extending the railway .
five men have been charged under anti terrorism laws after a series of police raids in the central english city of birmingham last week , according to news reports .
he killed himself after the rampage .
the nation s late founder and first president , kim il sung , led pro independence guerrillas .
bhutto told the security forces don t stop us , we are not the enemy .
and what about the tattoo of on his arm ?
however , in the world s poorest nations , spending on health care for each person is only thirteen dollars a year .
more than people were initially trapped after the explosion , the agency reported . a rescue operation lasted until just after midnight on tuesday , according to the news agency .
which came into effect today replaces the written green i form and allows travelers under the vwp to enter the u . s . without a visa and stay for up to days .
putin also suggested that in the absence of a real threat from iranian and north korean missiles , the u . s . plan could be an attempt to spoil russia s relations with europe .
actor comedian eddie murphy publicly acknowledged on friday having fathered a child out of wedlock with spice girls singer melanie brown , who brought a paternity suit against him earlier this week .
the patient really was told that he shouldn t fly , she added .
the deal was made in february but was then stymied by a financial dispute .
cnn the united states sunday praised the iraqi government for helping to secure the release of eight turkish soldiers abducted by kurdish rebels two weeks ago during a battle that heightened tensions along the iraq turkey border .
the japanese government has hit back in the history textbook war , announcing that it will scrutinize history textbooks from countries , including south korea , china and the united states .
south korea has expressed its willingness to back north korea s move to join the international monetary fund imf and the world bank .
this is completely driven by the plunge in the dollar , said greg gardner with oliver wyman , publisher of the harbour report on automotive manufacturing activity . it is untenable to produce at a much higher cost in germany .
reports said the poles , from the szczecin area of northwest poland , had been due to return home on tuesday after two weeks on pilgrimage in spain and france .
the attacks and their targeting of the united nations drew international condemnation .
the ruling will follow president roh moo hyun s appointment monday of former high court judge chung ho young as the independent counsel for the lee case .
bush spoke in the egyptian resort city of sharm el sheikh on the final day of his middle east trip , which he began in israel on wednesday .
paris , france ap french president jacques chirac said in an interview with three newspapers that iran s possession of a nuclear bomb would not be very dangerous and that if it used the weapon on israel , tehran would be immediately razed , according to a newspaper report .
sending arab and muslim peacekeepers to iraq is one possible strategy to reduce violence there , but the head of the arab league said monday that s not possible while americans are in charge .
this democratic congress and the house armed services committee will not let the president get away with saying whatever he wants without checking his facts anymore .
it also follows the death of bhutto , who was killed at a rally in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital islamabad , on december . .
about workers from the united electrical , radio and machine workers of america have conducted what they call a peaceful occupation of the republic windows and doors plant since friday , when the abruptly announced layoffs were supposed to take effect .
the court said the original convictions in were based on confessions obtained by torture .
the costs of cutting greenhouse gases and who will pay for doing it are likely to be the key issues at a major u . n . backed climate change meeting of scientists and diplomats in the thai capital this week , participants said sunday .
we have assigned a working group in ghazni province to work on the issue and we are serious about what we are doing , he said , declining to give further details .
the million year old plant eater , discovered in the sahara desert , was to be unveiled thursday by the national geographic society .
although the grand national party has been making political hay with its push for tax reductions , the party s lawmakers have been proposing some huge spending increases , according to an examination of pending or proposed legislation by the joongang ilbo .
cnn a hijacker armed with explosives took australian tourists hostage on a bus in northwest china wednesday , before police shot him dead , media in both countries reported .
two goals in as many minutes put sevilla in command , luis fabiano heading home in the th minute and freddie kanoute adding the third .
to have it repaired .
oil had been higher throughout the day , but spiked late afternoon after comments from an opec official .
really , it s not much more than what interests me , and or what i detect in my travels to be interesting to the most people .
sources close to the transition have said obama is interested in some continuity at the pentagon because he is entering office while dealing with two wars in iraq and afghanistan as well as the international financial crisis .
by the way , we learn this morning the president elect will whistle stop his way into d . c .
the death of salih saif aldin in the service of our readers is a tragedy for everyone at the washington post . he was a brave and valuable reporter who contributed much to our coverage of iraq , said leonard downie jr . , executive editor of the post , was quoted as saying .
prime minister nuri al maliki , who has been overseeing the operation in southern iraq , has ordered militants to surrender their weapons by saturday .
manchester , england maltese international michael mifsud sent manchester united crashing out of the english league cup by scoring twice as championship side coventry city pulled off a surprise victory at old trafford .
walking the th anniversary of the march independence movement , president roh moo hyun demanded yesterday that the japanese government offer apologies and further compensation to its korean victims .
believed to have once covered the entire structure
nepal s maoist rebels ambushed soldiers .
the shard contains five lines of text divided by black lines and measures by centimeters , or about inches square .
the quake was felt as far as away as malaysia and singapore , where several office buildings were evacuated .
akitaka saiki , deputy director general for asian affairs at japan s foreign ministry , is leading the japanese delegation .
days earlier , his party blocked government efforts to extend a naval mission in support of u . s . led operations in afghanistan .
the daughter in law called huo , whose animal loving friends then sent out an internet alert last friday .
the latest victim is believed to be year old sim sung min , one of the remaining south korean hostages .
two people died tuesday when thai police clashed with thousands of anti government protesters who barricaded parliament and prevented lawmakers from leaving .
adults with well developed immune systems can usually fend off the virus , but children are particularly vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention .
she listed murphy as the father on the birth certificate .
chungtak , a student of sociology in a new delhi college , was crowned miss tibet in at a contest in the northern indian town of dharmsala , home to a majority of tibetan exiles and the seat of their spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
we don t have children and don t plan to have children , she says , so they are our children .
they have been arrested for damaging the diplomatic relations between nepal and china , said civilian security officer jaya mukunda khanal .
in london , april brent crude fell cents to settle at . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
archeologist finds , year old hebrew text
spears hit a parked car on august , , and left without notifying the owner .
inter milan midfielder maniche is the surprise absentee from luiz felipe scolari s man portugal squad for euro .
the page lists his interests as chinese literature and the most american of pastimes , baseball .
on the upside , royal bank of scotland , which remain s j . p . morgan s top pick , gained . percent and was among the top gainers on the dj eurostoxx index .
the national flag was lowered to half mast at a . m . at beijing s tian anmen square as , people watched the ceremony , state run media reported .
his dream is to run in two hours and three minutes and to be the first to do that .
and you re like , i got a lot of faith in our guys , and i , you know , we re gonna win this thing .
she s followed by julia roberts and last year s top earner , reese witherspoon .
the bombs exploded within about meters . mile of each other in jaipur s old city , which is frequented by tourists .
factoring in shipping time , expedited service usually takes about three weeks .
cheney was an aide to her father during the campaign and now is vice president for consumer advocacy at aol .
according to the national statistical office s population report , korean women on average gave birth to . children in , down from . a year earlier .
dine at the acclaimed oceanfront baleen restaurant , and spice things up with the tantra lovers island escape package
we are equal , our relationships are equally valid , we have an equal right to marriage .
but it still has all those awkward , gawky , surly teenage years ahead of it .
this is not the first cross species cloning experiment that resulted in a birth .
most young women feel like they want somebody to know that someone did this to them .
prime minister gedi has survived two previous assassination attempts using bombs in recent years .
under my plan , his taxes will not go up .
they left the bahamas late monday night , said obie wilchcombe , a member of the bahamian parliament .
dida has made a mistake but his error did not hinder anyone , not celtic , nor any player , said galliani .
meanwhile , international nuclear monitor mohammed el baradei ended a brief visit to the north without meeting kim gye gwan , the chief negotiator for the six party talks .
troubled diva amy winehouse is also scheduled to sing , if her doctors allow it .
other factors also might make avoiding that area a good idea .
it s the first university appointment the winner of the nobel peace prize has accepted , the university said .
bloodletting that led to record breaking lows on shellshocked asian markets eased monday as europe reined in earlier losses to contain the damage .
but the bomb , placed in the building s toilets , caused little damage and there were no serious injuries .
defending champion nadal worked hard for one hour , minutes to beat close friend and th seed feliciano lopez .
based on these factors , the , respondents classed london heathrow and chicago o hare as the world s most hated .
we have an effective transit contract . without natural gas , some ukrainians could be in for chilly days and nights .
the shrinking number of spawners
he has reached three other major finals , losing to roger federer twice at wimbledon and once at the u . s . open .
among those , percent were heterosexual contacts , and percent were homosexual .
the fed is providing special emergency financing for up to billion in bear stearns assets .
the first british leader to visit sudan since independence from london in , blair took a tough approach with bashir and his officials but said rebel groups must come to the table too .
the dalai lama said the demonstrators had the right to their opinions , though he called for nonviolence .
last month , al zawahiri , in an audiotaped message posted on several islamist web sites , voiced his support for hamas leaders who maintain control of gaza after a split with fatah , a more moderate palestinian faction .
he told me he initially miscalculated . . . president bush s intentions . he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in . . . a four day aerial attack , piro said .
the official conceded that besides the united states and japan , pakistan was among the countries that had provided information to seoul on the north s nuclear capabilities .
for years , the maoists carried out an insurgency to replace the monarchy with a republic . the violence claimed , lives .
the movie is rated pg for irreverent humor throughout .
the washington area s transit system is telling passengers to expect extraordinarily long lines for rail cars and buses .
the people in the building at the time of the fire fled to the rooftop and were able to leave safely after the heat and smoke subsided an hour later .
if so , the number of stranded travelers will surely swell .
the six party talks will be held on july as china , acting as host country , is now discussing to finalize the date with the other five nations , a government official told the korea times on condition of anonymity .
human skin cells have been reprogrammed by two groups of scientists to mimic embryonic stem cells with the potential to become any tissue in the body .
if the obama stay at home vote is largely african american , that will affect democrats chances on the ballot in several southern states and could take states like virginia off the table completely , holland said . it might even hurt democrats in states where the party relies on heavy turnout in large urban areas , such as pennsylvania and ohio .
but some people appeared to believe that it was part of the performance .
us and iraqi forces are conducting a massive search for three soldiers missing since their patrol was attacked south of baghdad on saturday .
while the format is novel , analysts say getting consumers to adopt it will be a tough sell for consumer electronics and record companies .
federer and nadal are among the top seeds with a first round bye in the hamburg masters .
beauty was important to her , as you all have indicated to me , and we want her to look beautiful when she is placed in her final resting place .
while al zaidi was still screaming in another room , bush said that was a size shoe he threw at me , you may want to know .
tripoli , lebanon cnn six lebanese soldiers were killed during intense fighting as the army battled again saturday to rout militants from a palestinian refugee camp north of tripoli , a military spokesman said .
he was referring to communist party control over individual leaders , not an attempt to limit the party s unrivaled hold on power .
it is rare for a high ranking government official to openly express concern about the won dollar movement .
third committee , which deals with social and humanitarian issues , adopted the resolution expressing concerns at continuing reports of systematic , widespread and grave violations of civil , political , economic , social and cultural rights in north korea .
and in one corner they got around , maybe , five or seven people , and they started beating them so bad for almost five minutes , and then they took them and put them in trucks .
internet search leader google inc . posted a first quarter profit that soundly beat wall street s estimates , news that may assuage concerns that online advertising might succumb to a u . s . economic downturn .
roh expressed concern over the korean people who speak in support of the u . s . more proactively than u . s . citizens .
the plenary session was delayed until a . m . on friday after assembly speaker park kwan yong could not physically reach the podium to begin the voting session .
the parliament was the th for the southeast asian country , a constitutional monarchy , since its independence in .
time warner cable and viacom worked thursday to finalize details on an agreement that will allow twc customers to continue to watch programming on viacom s mtv networks , said twc president and ceo glenn britt .
the cabinet today will likely approve the proposal , to take effect july .
security council plans to discuss the north korean nuclear issue next week .
i was scared in iran as a jew , he
despite the united states providing . billion in military and economic aid to pakistan , a key u . s . ally , the government accountability office said it found broad agreement . . . that al qaeda had regenerated its ability to attack the united states and had succeeded in establishing a safe haven in pakistan s federally administrated tribal areas .
as punishment , both state parties were told that they would not be represented at all when the party officially nominates a presidential candidate at the august convention in denver , colorado , and they are challenging those sanctions .
once he returned to the u . s . , rose approached blackhawk , a provider of military and law enforcement gear , with an idea to create clothes with built in tourniquets .
mourners fled from gunfire at a cemetery and families ran for cover on the streets , as shootouts between rival drug gangs and police killed at least in rio de janeiro , officials said .
there are two audiences here china and congress , one official said .
although , researchers caution , the verdict is still out when it comes to the long term effect of these programs on cognition .
but the white house is trying to downplay the figures .
he also flew in support of operation enduring freedom , which centers on afghanistan .
several places are scheduled to reach that level soon , and fcc officials and phone companies say the deadline is still attainable .
massive snowfalls wrecked crops and killed millions of livestock .
in the film , kay is killed for having an affair with dr . garrigan , amin s physician .
the president of the breakaway somalia region of puntland has been critical of le gouil for traveling without government consent in the area to work
in another posting , irna called the updated estimate a necessary and positive step in tehran washington relations , but undoubtedly is not sufficient .
i m taking care of him with the little i have , but he needs milk and clothes , his wife , ana de palomino , was quoted as saying on andina s web site .
president bush surveyed the huge chunks of concrete and twisted metal saturday and pledged the federal government would eliminate roadblocks and cut through paperwork to rebuild the bridge as quickly as possible .
thomas beatie , a married man who used to be a woman , has told america s abc news that after giving birth to susan on june he did not go back on the male hormone testosterone so he could have another baby .
speaking in cairo , she said the us would have to assess its options should north korea s threat be carried out .
craig , idaho s senior senator , is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . his seat is up for re election in .
in islamabad , british high commissioner robert brinkley was called to pakistan s foreign ministry several hours earlier .
the previous record was a mere . million for a carat diamond in , christie s said .
in recent days , top vatican officials have said a preventive war against iraq had no legal justification and could spark an anti christian campaign in the muslim world .
prosecutors are seeking to arrest the head of a subsidiary of the american equity fund lone star on charges of tax evasion , embezzlement and breach of trust , a senior prosecutor said yesterday .
deputies are searching along the south santee river near myrtle beach , south carolina for a missing year old new york girl .
north korean spokesman hyun hak bon said pyongyang wanted to be given a light water reactor to make up for the graphite moderated reactors it was being pressed to give up under the deal . light water reactors are much more difficult to use as a source of plutonium with which to build nuclear weapons .
they recanted those confessions once they returned to britain on thursday .
president bush won t listen to the nobel laureates or his own director of the national institutes of health , who all support embryonic stem cell research . most importantly , president bush won t listen to the overwhelming majority of americans who call out for stem cell research .
porn used to be relegated to a video hidden in the bottom drawer , or a magazine under the mattress .
the gap also could contribute to a loss of interest in space exploration by the u . s . public and congress , and that could diminish the resources allotted to the space agency , said w . henry lambright , a political science professor at syracuse university .
more trains were running and there were fewer traffic jams thursday after the french government proposed negotiating with transport unions striking over pension reforms .
one thing s for sure , alonso won t be at mclaren next year , a senior figure at another team told reuters at the hungaroring .
the reality tv star and relentless publicity seeker spoke with barbara walters by phone sunday , a day after releasing a statement saying she hoped the media would focus on more important things than her day jail sentence , according to abc news web site .
though chef todd immel , who trained under the great gunther seeger , one of the top toques in the united states , plays it safe here , the setting alone is worth the price of a meal .
inspired by macau , singapore scrapped its decades long ban on casinos and is now building two gambling resorts , due to open in the next three or four years , at a cost of nearly billion .
officers found thanh and three accomplices cooking tiger carcasses , the thanh nien daily reported .
hackett won olympic gold in the , at sydney and athens and also helped host nation australia land the x m freestyle relay title in front of home fans in .
more than dead bodies discovered in a town of southern baghdad .
the jurors began deliberations yesterday morning and returned their decision about five hours later .
gravitational effects of the two celestial wobbles might have forced a large asteroid to break away from the asteroid belt and smash into earth .
i advise myself and the islamic nation not to follow individuals and countries , he said . everything should be seen in the light of islam .
in the spring i thought i would retire .
time for au revoir , producer cameron mackintosh told the audience at the curtain call as he thanked the cast and all the great , fantastic casts we ve had before .
las vegas , nevada cnn microsoft corp . and harrah s entertainment inc . introduced a high tech interactive bar table wednesday that lets patrons order drinks , watch youtube videos , play touch screen games and even flirt with each other .
wawrinka , who won his only atp title last year , was out for three months earlier in with a knee injury but pushed nadal harder than any of his opponents at the weissenhof this week , breaking the top seed three times .
it s followed closely by the economic meltdown that will test his leadership . two other political sagas
they can try to spin a point loss into whatever they want , clinton campaign spokesman howard wolfson said on the same program . but the fact is , sen . clinton won a resounding victory .
several major streets and bridges along the route also were closed during the ceremony .
the people who bring the dogs are also responsible for paying for the food , she says , but as taiwan s economy has gone into decline , donations are drying up .
ola toured with abba in , and , the official web site said . together with bass player rutger gunnarsson , ola is probably the only musician to appear on all abba albums he was one of the most frequently used swedish session musicians during the s .
the ministry s personnel affairs committee selected candidates for layoff or demotion after evaluating the working attitudes and accomplishments of its officials in the past two years .
she arrived at the police station thursday in a chauffeur driven mercedes .
in an attempt to free korea s youngsters from the notoriously competitive battle to enter universities , the transition team of president elect lee myung bak announced tuesday its three stage measure to overhaul education policy .
the cabinet will discuss it and it s a lengthy process , government spokesman mohammed shareef said by telephone from the capital , male .
the next round of nuclear negotiations were originally set to open this week but were postponed due to an objection from north korea .
a member of the french green party was restrained by police after attempting to grab the torch from the first of paris s torch bearers , former world metres hurdles champion stephane diagana .
one country where the worldwide financial crisis is taking a toll is iceland
the satellite , which has a medium transmission capacity , will help improve internet , television and telecommunication transmission in vietnam .
a palace official said the emperor was in the palace , but it was unlikely he saw the nude swimmer .
for its work in iraq , a government auditor said on wednesday , in a move that could cost the contractor tens of millions of dollars a month .
meanwhile , one of chavez s two ex wives urged venezuelans to reject the slate of proposed constitutional changes that would greatly expand his executive power .
fortune , which tracks the performance of the world s top companies , said slim has increased his net worth by billion so far this year based on the market value of his companies listed on stock exchanges .
more than , hiv infected people have been found in korea to date more than of them have died .
interest rates will be eyed on thursday with the european central bank expected to hold rates at . percent , while the bank of england is forecast to raise rates by basis points to . percent .
the pledge might calm the jittery north korean leadership but could trigger a backlash from conservatives who back the party for its hostile stance toward the stalinist country .
the billionaire sports tycoon has decided instead to press ahead with his own plans for the north east giants under current manager joe kinnear .
seoul strengthens the screening process for high ranking officials .
the incident occurred at p . m . noon et in the kajaki region of southern helmand province , where afghan and nato forces are trying to neutralize taliban guerrillas and complete an important hydroelectric project , reuters reported .
in all , four total aftershocks rattled the area tuesday , all of them above magnitude . , according to the u . s . geological survey usgs .
she said the accused had sought to target facilities visited by americans , such as nightclubs , pubs or airports .
stockholm , sweden cnn olympic meters champion jeremy wariner ran a personal best of . seconds at the dn gala meeting on tuesday to equal fellow american quincy watts as the third fastest man ever .
pollack died of cancer monday afternoon at his home in pacific palisades in los angeles , surrounded by family , said agent leslee dart .
information from him tipped police off to the others saturday , yash said .
a plucky jack russell terrier named george saved five children from two marauding pit bulls , but was so severely mauled in the fight that it had to be put down , its owner said wednesday .
israel claims militants in gaza have fired hundreds of rockets into israel , prompting the idf to launch retaliatory strikes .
malaysia s government has intensified efforts to portray opposition figure anwar ibrahim as a political turncoat , days ahead of general elections that will determine whether he poses a legitimate threat to the ruling coalition .
there are about , u . s . troops stationed just outside this city of more than , people .
that remark was an apparent reference to leaders of hamas , which won a majority of seats in the palestinian legislature in .
before the latest flight into chad , the unhcr and its partner groups were taking care of , sudanese refugees in camps in eastern chad and some , from central african republic in the south of the country .
for many , the adt week was filled with drama , starting with annika sorenstam s final tournament on the lpga tour
it isn t clear when jiang plans to give up that post , but it too is expected eventually to go to hu , already his deputy on the panel .
hundreds of south korean residents near u . s . military bases have decided to file a lawsuit alleging the bases cause noise pollution , according to civic groups on monday .
year old honored by obama ain t got time to die
if paterson selects kennedy , it would mean the continuation of a kennedy legacy in the senate that began years ago with the election of her father , john f . kennedy , as the junior senator from massachusetts .
protests are continuing in the tibetan populated areas of communist china , with state run media saying one policeman was killed in the latest riot .
earlier this month , the wwf highlighted the impact that global warming is likely to have on antarctic penguin colonies .
putin s new role and his position as head of the ruling united russia party raise questions about how much power medvedev will actually have .
pasni is km west of the port city of million people where about were killed on the weekend .
on october , pyongyang said nuclear inspectors were no longer welcome at its facilities .
the obama aide said the president elect respects and admires gen . scowcroft s bipartisan , pragmatic approach to foreign policy , adding that obama looks forward to continuing the dialogue with gen . scowcroft as well as other key republicans , democrats and independents
mcewen needed the help of his predictor lotto teammates to get back to a fast moving bunch and popped up in typical style in the final kilometer to pip the other sprinting big guns .
in his opening commemoration speech , he said , let s try to send a korean to space as soon as possible . . .
the storm canceled hundreds of flights at airports in chicago , where midway airport measured inches of snow sunday morning .
much of the disagreement between washington and moscow over missile defense in europe has centered on the question of when iran s missile program would reach the stage where it could threaten all of europe and the united states .
our mission on the other side of the world
archeologists removed the mummy from his stone sarcophagus in his underground tomb , revealing his shriveled leather like face and body .
there is a , reward for information leading to an arrest .
in the inter korean meeting held at the north korean city of kaesong , however , pyongyang turned down seoul s offer to dispatch engineers and transport relief goods by land .
a couple of men brought the crocodile inside the pub , taped its mouth and naray snapped photos .
the court designated judge lee sang kyung as presiding justice for the case , which comes just seven days after the government selected the yongi kongju region in south chungchong province as preferred site for the new capital .
olmert said solano should make it clear to iran s negotiator the seriousness with which the rest of the world views the situation .
i haven t heard about any roofs off , i haven t heard about any , you know , broken windows
some of the world s biggest greenhouse gas emitters like the u . s . and australia and top oil exporters such as saudi arabia will try to water down language in a draft report , obtained by the associated press earlier this month , that suggests reducing emissions could cost less than percent of annual global economic activity , environmental activists said .
the deal will allow getty , the wealthiest u . s . art institution with an endowment of over billion
one of the dead is a senior member of an anti al qaeda group .
they view female candidates skeptically , arguing that they can t manage physically or that their clients come in expecting to hire men .
there had long been speculation that blair planned to convert to catholicism .
the questioning has signaled a move by the prosecution to expand its probe into the leftover slush funds raised by the general turned president during his iron fisted rule between and .
the high court in zimbabwe has said it will rule on monday on an opposition petition demanding the immediate release of the poll results .
the campaign to protect rural england expressed disgust with the ad .
for some time , for , minutes , i understand , they were tied to a gps mast , tomohiko taniguchi of japan s foreign ministry told cnn . the japanese crew members feared that two crew members from sea shepherd might do something violent .
this boycott is significant because other underground labor unions , underground student unions and activists are calling on one another to join the boycott , he said . i expect the demonstrations will grow bigger than ever . people may join with the monks and we may see chaos and disorder .
on tuesday , a presidential spokesman said south korean negotiators in afghanistan had reached a deal with taliban militants .
denk is the fourth person to claim he could be the child s father .
it s inadmissible that they could have a parade float depicting dead jews and a live hitler on top of them , said federation spokesman jose roitberg .
sean connery wasn t supposed to be james bond .
cnn a year old gunman who killed eight people and then himself wednesday at the westroads mall in omaha , nebraska , left a suicide note , police said .
the report recommends disciplinary measures against the soldiers that would range from administrative reduction in rank and loss of pay , to further investigation that could lead to military trials .
florida will be the final democratic contest before super tuesday , february , when voters will pick their favorites in diverse states .
he boasted he had nearly reached the last square , no . , by the time police captured him .
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy governed by strict islamic law .
a truce in gaza that was supposed to last three hours on wednesday failed after just minutes .
in large part this was due to an effective early warning system and training for people in disaster risk reduction .
the korea times reports the embassy in iraq on thursday strongly urged its citizens there to leave the war torn nation immediately , citing the worsening security conditions .
the fbi says it will protect all this personal data and only collect information on criminals and those seeking sensitive jobs .
jerusalem cnn at least three israeli missiles hit the palestinian interior ministry in gaza wednesday , hours after palestinian militants fired more than qassam rockets into southern israel .
the woman , who was uninsured , became pregnant .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan told members of his party in parliament it is now unavoidable that turkey will have to go through a more intensive military process .
rival palestinian leaders signed an agreement in principle on a power sharing government thursday in saudi brokered talks in mecca .
visualizing a shiny new lg , insoo opens up his book for a quick round of reading before going to bed .
as tokyo celebrates its th anniversary as japan s capital this summer , there is perhaps no better testimony to the city s rapid rise from tiny th century fishing village to megalopolis of million people than its downtown lost and found .
after getting her blood tested , she signed a release to become an organ donor and began an interview process to move forward .
the foreign ministry announced on thursday that the government agreed to the u . s . ambassador designate s appointment on saturday and that he would come to seoul after completing the senate confirmation hearing and other administrative procedures .
the region has been wracked by quakes and aftershocks for the past two days .
little ships hanging in the nave are perhaps memorials to lost sailors .
guy verhofstadt , the outgoing premier , is to be sworn in friday as head of the interim cabinet of christian democrats and liberals each split into dutch and french speaking camps and francophone socialists .
this year s hajj takes place amid increasing worries across the islamic world over the bloodshed in iraq and afghanistan and recent terror attacks by al qaeda linked groups , including last week s twin suicide bombings in algeria that killed at least people .
and will ferell opened cold as president bush endorsing john mccain for president in talking to fake palin about the job of vp
i ll probably continue to use it , but i ll double think about the song that i m gonna download .
but many of the suspected islamic radicals arrested in spain since the train bombings were accused only of financing or recruitment for islamic terrorist activities .
the documents show the brothels were rushed into operation as american forces poured into japan beginning in august .
the new summit was finally agreed after senior south korean intelligence personnel made two trips to the north , officials said .
marcy does not peer , and his methods are far more efficient than those of his predecessors .
to get to paso de cortes from mexico city , take a two hour bus to the village of amecameca and then catch a cab on the street
students who had held the hot cup saw the person as more generous , sociable and good natured than those who had held the cold cup all traits that psychologists consider part of a warm personality , the researchers report in friday s edition of the journal science .
new york cnn the consumer product safety commission , in cooperation with mattel inc . , announced late tuesday that it is recalling about , chinese made toys that have excessive amounts of lead paint .
we will try to restore the framework of south north dialogue and discuss various issues needed for establishing peace on the korean peninsula through dialogue , lee said .
the twins were born at a long island hospital on february , with pound , ounce emme arriving about minutes before her pound brother .
items at the lost and found department of new york s grand central terminal , by contrast , are kept for just days , though items worth more than , yen us , must be kept for three years .
a place where solar wind smashes into the gases from outside the solar system .
us defense secretary robert gates claimed that a funding cut in july would cripple the pentagon .
the red river shows its power .
there may be no kind way to lay off employees , but there ought to be a better way to talk about it .
san diego , california cnn more than a half million people had been ordered from san diego county homes tuesday as wildfires rage from the mexican border to north of los angeles .
she said , you keep complaining about it but do nothing about it .
the plan will be tested in , the official said , and will be implemented fully by .
while the edinburgh parliament only has limited powers over local affairs , the snp whose most famous supporter is actor sean connery has pledged to stage a referendum in on creating an independent nation for million scots , ending years of union with england .
travelers overrun popular destinations such as the great wall , beijing s forbidden city and sacred mount tai in eastern china .
it does not have any effect on us , he said .
more than two hours out of the day on average is spent either on stopping to get something to eat , or grabbing a quick bite at work , according to a new agriculture study .
sam brownback submitted resolution on monday and so far has only three co sponsors .
after announcing he was dropping out of the race , tancredo endorsed romney s presidential bid , saying that romney supported his stance on illegal immigration and national security and that the former massachusetts governor could win the presidency .
another goal , raising the minimum wage , went into effect last tuesday , and democratic leaders still hope for agreement on ethics and lobbying changes before congress departs for its august recess at the end of next week .
former republican presidential hopeful mitt romney endorsed erstwhile rival john mccain on thursday and urged republicans to unite behind him in a gesture that could help mccain with disgruntled conservatives .
one worker died after being beaten by one of heng s helpers , and police rescued , thin and scarred .
she had a few talking points that she stuck to and she repeated over and over again .
the main reason for the deaths is that people bathe in places were they are not supposed to . . . but at the same time percent of them are not sober , said vladimir plyasunov , the head of moscow s lifeguards .
they call it a micro electro mechanical systems device , or mems .
it s our obligation to move the process forward to give these people their rights , he said . we are going to give them rights that are virtually identical to the rights we provide to our military members .
distributor th century fox signed off on the title wednesday .
the guns may have fallen silent , but north korea s suspected attempts to develop atomic weapons highlight the potential for another , even more destructive conflict .
police then fired tear gas towards the group , who were reportedly yelling fretilin !
residents largely stayed away from the city s famous beaches , as , police patrolled the areas in cars , boats , helicopters , on foot and on horseback .
the number of u . s . military personnel killed during the iraq war stands at , .
we re now just three days away from the big game .
damon , who is married to luciana bozan , said the honor came as a surprise . you gave an aging suburban dad the ego boost of a lifetime , he says in a letter published in the magazine .
listening to the album , the newspaper says , makes clear how creative the beatles were , compared to what it calls the standardized , stereotypical songs being produced today .
on sunday , israel will gradually start to open its border crossing terminals , the hamas officials said .
she won five grammys earlier this month a rare high point in a year of erratic behavior , canceled concerts , tabloid headlines and a spell in drug rehab .
police found the body of a woman on the doorstep .
officials in tokyo said the ministry of foreign affairs and ministry of education will conduct reviews , with the modern history in china s and south korea s textbooks a priority .
the dow is now down point .
the focus of talks should be the dismantlement of north s nuclear crisis .
the government is moving about . million people to higher ground some as far away as shanghai , , kilometers miles to the east .
dr shannon fowler , , from california , is a marine mammal biologist and lectures to the passengers on board explorer .
almost everyone we talked with did not agree .
clinton is banking on tuesday s primaries to break the obama s contest winning streak .
after the reported us intervention , mr kim was taken to the south korean capital , seoul , where he was placed under house arrest by park s government .
of course iceland has been in the news recently because of the meltdown of its banking system and its currency .
with comments that there was no evidence to validate claims that asian women were coerced into serving as sex slaves for the japanese army .
also , the committee has difficulty in tracking estates that were given away by so called pro japanese collaborators .
iranian officials denied any payment delays under the billion contract , and accused russia of caving in to western pressure .
they just change location .
the virus was found in birds in two instances , in march and last year .
the joong ang ilbo reports the cost of key money is on the rise .
a bomb disposal unit was also deployed to the scene .
collette was nominated for an academy award in the best supporting actress category for her role in s supernatural thriller the sixth sense , and her more recent roles include a mother in the dysfunctional family comedy little miss sunshine .
the council of economic advisors most recent estimate was for the economy to grow by . in .
as with past july festivities since the september terrorist attacks , the mall was fenced off and visitors were required to pass through security checkpoints , which opened at a . m .
they have been running anti canal ads in newspapers since september .
president bush uses his weekly radio address to push for passage of the billion bailout of wall street finance companies that dug themselves into a hole by backing now nearly worthless mortgage backed securities .
he was withdrawn unexpectedly in march after news leaked out about his low key deployment .
the monks were part of a monastery in the himalayan town of gyanbe where the bombing was carried out on march , xinhua said .
it all had an orderly start .
suicide bombers struck twice in northwestern pakistan on sunday killing at least people in two separate attacks as the death toll from a weekend of violence continued to mount .
you have to consider what kind of concerns my client had , the attorney said . he s previously dealt with the sheriff s office in nye county it was previously unsatisfactory .
both israeli and palestinian officials have expressed interest in having blair in the role , senior officials said .
zoo solves mystery of celibate polar bears
koreans now enjoy national days off , two weeks of annual leave , an added day s vacation per year worked and additional bonus days annually .
it s official barack obama has offered the vice presidency to an year old woman .
a woman who fainted was carried over the mob to receive medical help .
however , the group is illegal in many countries and key speakers have been stopped from entering indonesia .
the white house , which had backed wolfowitz , said president george w bush reluctantly accepted his decision .
the problem is iaato is a voluntary self regulated organization and anyone can opt out of the system .
dicaprio s film would be the latest to recount the downfall of enron .
we tap into that source of waste because it is reliable , and unfortunately , it s abundant , ecoist co founder jonathan marcoschamer said . we believe that for the next few years , there s going to be a significant amount .
light , sweet crude for october delivery lost cents to . a barrel in trading on the new york mercantile exchange , while october brent crude fell cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
more surprising still is that many people actually feel justified when lying in e mail , the studies show .
and the views of the tigris ?
two manhattan restaurants are feeling some legal pressure over the use of the viagra name .
many have high hopes the charismatic politician will be able to improve taiwan s rocky relations with rival china , which has repeatedly threatened to attack .
cnn obtained the video from a source who asked to remain unidentified because they were not authorized to distribute it publicly .
the current pastor , a janet , is the first woman on the list .
government is planning to establish a law for nuclear issues .
police in pakistan fired tear gas at stone throwing protesters after authorities tried to detain the opposition leader nawaz sharif .
kinney said she dreads the conversation that s coming .
sailors from more than countries already are in qingdao training for the games , which begin august .
a year old woman who needed an electric oxygen pump to breathe died after an energy company cut the power to her home because of a unpaid bill , her family claimed wednesday .
the pair s split was finalized in superior court on friday , according to court documents obtained by celebtv . com .
robert dziekanski , , was traveling to join his mother , who lives in british columbia , when he ended up spending about hours in the airport s arrivals area , the canadian press said .
in the one hour , minute video , titled the advice of one concerned , ayman al zawahiri includes clips from other videos and news broadcasts , including one from al furqan , the video production arm of the islamic state of iraq , according to mansfield , who obtained the video .
they never told anybody what they were doin , they just made you sit there and wait an hour , after an hour , after an hour .
at the time we did not know how this resource might be used , but we knew it was important to save as much information about endangered species as we could , ryder said .
bus tours
it was skimming across the sky towards the turbines .
the flying saucer designs popped up about the time of the moon landings .
moscow , russia cnn a russian man is accused of murdering a hairdresser over the price of a haircut .
bolton goalkeeper ali al habsi kept his team level with a string of fine saves , keeping out a ribery shot iin the th minute and blocking a deflected mark van bommel strike just before half time .
president roh moo hyun on wednesday urged japan to face up to history by taking concrete actions to reflect the apologies japanese leaders have made so far for the atrocities it committed during world war ii .
they were very engaged during the arguments a lot of them took copious notes .
at the end of the day , they are reluctant to leave the office before their bosses .
meanwhile , eight patients four men and four women remained stable at montgomery regional hospital in blacksburg , according to a hospital statement .
taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousuf said the taliban , who had already killed one hostage , would begin killing the others if the afghan government did not act .
the marine squad initially reported that awad had planned to detonate a roadside bomb against their patrol .
obama and clinton face off tuesday in west virginia , where polls show clinton ahead by more than a point margin .
we stayed in a hostel cause it s cheaper than a hotel we drove , cause it s cheaper than flying .
the titans are still the only unbeaten team in the nfl .
eto has caused controversy before for similar remarks .
the boys were named brady christopher , eli benjamin , ryan patrick , jackson robert and charlie craig . the girl is mackenzie margaret .
but the bush administration decided it could not wait to charter commercial cargo planes for the resupply mission , the official said .
north korea s nuclear programs have now been branded this year s biggest hazard to the south s economy by the nation s central bank chief .
organizers hoped to avoid a similar disturbance monday with tightened security measures .
armed robbers , some dressed as women , stole more than million dollars in rings , necklaces and luxury watches from a harry winston s jewelry store today in paris .
none of the major democratic candidates campaigned in the two states , and obama s name wasn t even on the ballot in michigan .
she did not know whether the bag was rigged to detonate .
the train s front two carriages were smashed and flattened against the nine storey apartment block by the force of the impact .
we pay less than each and board a minibus for a day trip to perast , minutes down the fjord .
democrats have been trying to force gonzales to resign over the sacking of eight federal prosecutors last year .
cameroon straddles central and western africa , and kenya is in eastern africa .
saddam built numerous palaces around the country during his rule as a symbol of his power .
he added this ship has been through many things in its life , it s sailed through the oceans and been through many natural disasters and survived .
the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency said monday that south korea s failure to report nuclear experiments was a matter of serious concern as western diplomats revealed a link between tests conducted in and seoul s secret uranium work in the s .
fars initial reports said a homemade bomb was to blame , but provincial police commander ali moaeyri later said it was not sabotage .
another hostage situation was unfolding at cama hospital , cnn s sister network in india , cnn ibn reported .
they snaked round streets lined with sky scrapers towards government offices chanting now or never and do you want a clown or a chief executive ?
the envoy was told that the honor countered attempts by both countries to build mutual understanding .
an advertising campaign will equate the climate change movement with other grand historic endeavors , like stopping fascism in europe during world war ii , overcoming segregation in the united states and putting the first man on the moon .
mugabe survived a hotly contested presidential challenge from mdc leader morgan tsvangirai in amid widespread accusations of vote rigging .
after tuesday s contests , she needs to acknowledge that he s going to be the nominee and quickly get behind him , vilsack also said .
in years , we ll all be using bit systems with gb or more of ram and several megabytes of cache to process the voice and video streaming .
shutting down the reactor won t solve all our problems , but in order to solve our problems we need to make this beginning , he said . we really think this is the time to pick up the pace .
the new record is expected to gild france s image in the expanding market for high speed technology as countries like china turn to bullet trains .
episode ii attack of the clones , lord of the rings the fellowship of the ring and the animated feature monsters , inc .
he expressed optimism that countries involved in the nuclear talks can be more flexible and reach a compromise over the issue .
the operation has netted , detainees since the start of last week s crackdown , with of them being released , khalaf said .
in the brightly drawn sequel , as technically smooth as we ve come to expect from the dreamworks cartoon factory , all four use their time in africa
christodoulos was elected church leader in and is credited with reinvigorating the vast institution , according to reports from the associated press .
the musician stopped at the waffle house restaurant shortly after a . m . after his performance at the tabernacle in atlanta , authorities said .
the bill , currently being drafted by democratic lawmakers in the house of representatives funds operations in iraq until the end of july .
the company s stock is up on news that it lost . billion in the first quarter , but burned through cash at a slower rate .
the government reports new home sales dropped slightly last month , but still topped expectations .
the three male residents have temporarily bypassed the problem , which involves urine collection , not solid waste .
caroline kennedy has joined barack obama s vice presidential selection team , an obama campaign spokesman said wednesday .
the uranium claim , which president bush made in his state of the union address , was a key element in the administration s case for the invasion of iraq .
both have thrown the ball past the vaunted mile per hour mark on a radar gun .
ten other palestinians five militants and five civilians were also killed near el bureij in an israeli airstrike , hamas security sources said .
doctors treated the blood infection with antibiotics .
but renewed concerns over the fallout in the u . s . subprime market kept investors on edge and limited the gains .
the year old became the first british player to win four titles in a season after earlier triumphs in marseille and doha , and dropped only one set all week in the spanish capital .
they saw nine numbers displayed on a computer screen .
dorzee said he immediately recognized diana while looking in the back of the car .
however , he no longer favors park s insistence that supporters of president roh moo hyun are not welcome in the moderate unified democratic party .
new york cnn don t just take a vacation .
the sixty seven year old , renowned for his work on black holes , has remained active despite being diagnosed with lou gehrig s disease at the age of .
that s because the u . s . computer maker is cutting , jobs in ireland and shifting its european manufacturing operations to poland .
you should feel a little ache there and then an overall sense of ahh .
neither he nor his lawyer have commented on the charges .
wounded were jim handy , melihna tarra , dahnny jack and handy kendey .
samak moved quickly to establish a coalition , telling cnn in a phone interview that at least two other political parties had agreed to join the ppp .
this did not happen in the s , lesko said . this happened in the st century .
the year old patient received surgery on january , three days after a new year s drinking spree and a one night stand with a male partner , ceniza said .
fresh from her dramatic wins in texas and ohio , clinton claimed she could go toe to toe on national security issues with mccain .
a new earth tremor thought to be an aftershock has been felt in the pakistani capital , islamabad .
gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non prescription controlled substances hours before taking custody of the children .
president roh moo hyun said south korea plans to triple the volume of its development aid to africa by , stressing the country s will to expand economic commitment and diplomatic ties across the continent .
the group has called for an exchange of prisoners with israel .
the ap s aaron heller is perched on a hillside in israel , near the border .
it is not the first apology for offensive behavior by prince harry .
kansas city , missouri cnn the father of two children whose remains were found in a shallow grave more than three years after they disappeared confessed publicly and was charged tuesday in their shootings .
canada s prime minister , paul martin , is widely tipped to lose .
then the country hopes to hold free and fair elections to choose a fully representative government .
imagine million people in india , for instance , with enough money to book a tour .
research on women s interaction with doctors is limited , but a number of women s health experts say they had noticed trends among female patients that didn t see as frequently in men .
cnn the economy , your location , industry trends even the hiring manager s mood can influence whether or not you get a job .
following monday s appeals hearing , dida is suspended for two matches , but one of the matches will now be deferred for a probationary period of one year , said a stement on uefa s web site .
daughter isabella was born in june , and luciana has a year old daughter , alexia , from a previous marriage .
those who died were six us security contractors , three bulgarian crew members and two fijian security guards .
spain has diplomatic ties with cuba the united states doesn t .
this type of surgery is known to reduce recovery time , the likelihood of complications and incision size .
now , greenprint is offering a free version of the software for non business use , supported by advertising .
fire officials in santa barbara , california are trying to hold back a wildfire threatening about , homes in the city .
david beckham has signed a million contract over five years with the los angeles galaxy soccer team .
in room , ben vautier spray painted phrases in french such as i dreamed that i fell in love with the stranger in room in red , yellow , and blue on the walls .
. perfect timing
it is absolutely necessary that in the years ahead we shift more economic powers to flanders and wallonia , said leterme .
it also calls on police to end brutality and excessive force .
it would be saudi arabia s highest production rate since .
a beaming uniited manager sir alex ferguson said i thought we played some fantastic football and dominated the game .
the american heart association says hs crp may signal an increased risk for heart attacks .
just ask ethan and hannah s parents , mike and jayme sitzman .
mccain is calling on alaska senator ted stevens to resign .
his son , kim jong il , rules the country today and its state controlled media often publish diatribes accusing tokyo of failing to make amends for its repressive occupation .
gillmor also served on the subcommittee on capital markets , insurance and government sponsored enterprises and the subcommittee on housing and community opportunity .
the people should all have the opportunity to speak as long as two candidates wish to compete in those primaries and caucuses , pelosi said during a news conference wednesday to promote democratic energy proposals .
she told reporters sunday that she made the decision in order not to become a political burden to president lee .
one german and four afghans snatched separately are also still being held hostage by the taliban .
his message to employees
gerald ford was born in omaha , nebraska , and lived with wife betty who is , at rancho mirage , about km east of los angeles in southern california .
but such efforts remain peripheral .
they said that hong and kim both had copies of a document on lee s real estate transaction history , bearing the same date .
he later was scheduled for an operation to remove a malignant tumor at duke university medical center in durham
but it seems the rejected meat was not the robber s only slip up
obama s campaign pressed to extend voting by one hour in two ohio counties .
barack obama delivering his first commencement address to a military academy , at annapolis this morning .
gangster al capone is sentenced to years behind bars for tax evasion .
foreigners bought over billion won in seoul shares , the second highest daily buying .
but reality is more complicated than that .
asked whether that might aid police in their investigation , austin police assistant chief david carter said , time will tell .
sexual activity reported among the , men and women who participated in the survey did decrease with age , particularly among the oldest participants from percent among those to years of age to percent among those to years of age to percent among those to years of age .
the documents were allegedly taken from smith when he visited leung at her home .
the year old sharapova , who hasn t dropped a set in six matches at melbourne park this year , won her first major at wimbledon in , then added the u . s . open title in .
the budget implications of the plan could be large .
because of their efforts , the population is on the rise today .
williams became the no . after defeating jankovic at the u . s . open final , but the american will drop in the rankings after losing her opening match in stuttgart .
more than , u . s . troops are stationed in japan , most of them on okinawa .
of the , people living in the contaminated area , were evacuated , said ihor krol , spokesman for the emergency situations ministry .
abe s earlier comments risked straining ties with washington , where u . s . congressman michael honda has introduced a resolution calling for japan to make an unambiguous apology to the women .
but the constitution and federal law don t say you have to be , and she is a former deputy us attorney and attorney general of michigan .
in june , the zoo introduced tsuyoshi to its resident bear , an year old female named kurumi , and waited for sparks to fly .
despite contentious trade issues , abou said eu chinese relations are positive .
sen . kent conrad of north dakota said many of the names on the list shown to him already have been bandied about in the media but others are outside the box .
a pennsylvania woman accused of trying to sell gothic kittens on the internet kitties with ear , neck and tail piercings is facing animal cruelty charges .
jerusalem cnn the israeli government sunday approved a deal with hezbollah that would involve exchanging prisoners for two kidnapped israeli soldiers , a government official said .
according to a survey released by the ministry of gender equality and family , korean teens stereotyped culture , entertainment , interiors and fashion as feminine professions , but sports , automobiles , computers and machines as masculine occupations .
but with them also lived three of the children fritzl fathered by his daughter elisabeth , imprisoned in a basement dungeon with another three of the children she bore after being raped repeatedly by him .
a new army report about abusing iraq s prisoners is revealed .
an armed terrorist was killed and five insurgents were detained west of taji which is near baghdad .
the ministry of information and communication mic said on thursday that it will finalize a new format in october with the aim of launching it late this year .
she s spent many hours online looking for products that are not only safe but environmentally friendly .
it is expected to darken prospects for inter korean relations and resolving the international standoff over the north s nuclear issue .
truman had to drop the bomb .
in other matches , holders sevilla were held to a draw at third division denia , while athletic bilbao avoided an upset by recovering from behind to draw at second division hercules .
lee and putin also talked about south korea s first female astronaut yi so yeon who will head for the international space station on tuesday .
the democrats said they will challenge bush wherever he goes , whether they appear in the same city or say something from a far . a contingent plans to set up shop in new york for the gop convention at the end of this month , just as republicans got in their digs from boston during last week s democratic convention .
a useful rule of thumb is that third party candidates in november get no more than half the support polls show them having in june or july , holland said .
saiz said the alleged betrayal occurred at a time when spain s spy agency was not fully prepared to deal with an inside mole .
the matches will last one hour and rules will differ from professional club soccer .
his job is almost certain to hu jintao , , who took over in november as communist party general secretary though jiang will stay on in a key military post and many expect he will continue to play a powerful role in chinese politics .
as you drive along the main road from reykjavik to iceland s most famous tourist attractions , the geysers , you pass a rather non descript farm in laugarvatn .
this is the american king i reflect on in
with your help , along with the service and sacrifice of americans across the nation who are hungry for change and ready to bring it about , i have faith that all will in fact be well . and it is with that faith , and the high hopes i have for the enduring power of the american idea , that i offer the people of my beloved home a very affectionate thanks .
taking the other planes out of service for inspection resulted in the cancellation of approximately percent of today s southwest flights , the release said .
some , in fact , looked as if they were beginning to evolve into classic spiral shapes .
nationwide , obama is currently ahead in the race .
presumptive democratic presidential nominee barack obama will be a good friend to israel if elected , sen . hillary clinton told a pro israel lobbying group wednesday .
gibbons was arrested on november on a charge of blasphemy for allowing a class teddy bear at the school where she was teaching to be named mohammed .
miami , florida cnn the leader of a shark tour whose customer was mauled to death saturday was warned that his practice of allowing people to swim close to hungry sharks could lead to tragedy , a colleague said .
an official with basra s provincial council , speaking on condition of anonymity , told cnn that at least people were killed and wounded tuesday .
summarizing the success of the ibm pc , bradley says , clearly it was a product whose time had arrived .
sattui has been making wine in the napa valley since the s when he started the v . sattui winery in st . helena .
the anti roh candidates include former gyeonggi province governor sohn hak gyu , former unification minister chung dong young , former lawmaker chu mi ae and former justice minister chun jung bae .
in addition to georgia , huckabee picked up alabama , arkansas , tennessee and west virginia .
washington cnn an emotional karl rove characterized his tenure in the white house as a witness to history as he announced his resignation as president bush s senior political adviser at the end of this month .
the standard poor s index lost . and the nasdaq composite shed . .
by comparison , fissiha said british donkeys which typically do not face hard farm labor live well over years .
what can pet owners do about pet hair ?
the democratic race in nevada appears tight , with the two front runners in a statistical tie .
the statement strongly deplores the use of violence against peaceful demonstrators in burma and calls on the junta and all other parties to work together toward a de escalation of the situation and a peaceful solution .
a poll by the independent levada centre showed percent would not change their view of putin if he decided to run again , while another percent said it would improve their opinion .
this was accidental not intentional , karn said . this is not the way to treat a long term pilot .
a heavily traveled section of freeway that funnels traffic off the san francisco oakland bay bridge collapsed early sunday after a gasoline tanker truck overturned and erupted into flames , authorities said .
the provincial governor said at the time that the guard was mentally ill , but the u . s . embassy in san a canceled travel to the two provinces for the near future and recommended that americans avoid the area .
local media reported the attacker had been unhappy at having been suspended .
former iraqi leader saddam hussein has told his trial in baghdad that he alone should be made to answer for the actions of his regime .
a video of carli posted on the g web site of globo tv showed the smiling year old priest slipping into a flight suit , being strapped to a seat attached to a huge column green , red , white and yellow balloons , and soaring into the air to the cheers of a crowd .
lee made the remarks at a public hearing on the proposed english education reform plan at the office of the transition team in seoul wednesday .
maui , hawaii
but wetang ula pointed out that only kenya s courts can decide if president mwai kibaki s government is legitimate .
experts are worried that if it does mutate , the h n strain could become more easily transmitted between humans , leading to a worldwide pandemic of the killer disease .
he said he wanted to avenge the deaths of muslims killed during religious violence in the country , the world s most populous muslim nation .
why roh dropped his plan ?
harry s older brother william while also a military officer is not eligible for combat service because he is the second in line to the british crown .
recently putin accused the us of making the world a more dangerous place .
world number two nadal , attempting to become the first man to win three successive titles at roland garros since bjorn borg in , was in control straight away , opening up a lead in the first set .
the entry to jwrc and wrc brought a great deal of positive effects on the product development and marketing activities , nurturing the high sporty automotive brand image , especially in europe , the company s statement said .
london , england cnn the world s first biofuel powered commercial aircraft touched down in amsterdam on sunday following a demonstration flight from london s heathrow airport hailed as a first step towards cleaner flying .
u . s . warplanes and british artillery struck targets in basra on saturday , a british spokesman said .
on wednesday , the president again will meet the israelis and palestinians at the white house .
the race started in degree heat and high humidity .
if i were a pagan , i d worship here the sea , the wind and the chilling view .
many are women and children who authorities fear are being held as human shields .
tom rider said he tried that , but the first operator i talked to on the first day i tried to report it flat denied to start a missing persons report because she didn t meet the criteria , he said .
selnet pointed out that authorities briefly detained another trader last month , shortly before kerviel s previous detention hearing .
the animals came out of the forest , and drinking country liquor stored by villagers in tinsukia .
to allow bankruptcies and failures and one , two , three of these companies in the midst of the worst credit crisis and the worst unemployment situation that we ve had in years , would be a disaster . those hearings are going on at this time .
the mccanns spokesman clarence mitchell said he hoped rebelo s priority would be to eliminate the couple from the inquiry .
the men two german converts to islam and a turk trained at islamic jihad union camps in northern pakistan , ziercke announced friday .
the man s face was disguised by digital alteration , but the images were capable of being restored , according to a bulletin from interpol the international police agency based in lyon , france .
sir edward , who was knighted in , won his first seat for the tories in bexley in and led the conservative government .
this will be particularly sharp between the great cosmopolitan centers .
banking stocks made steep losses after bear sterns one of wall street s most venerable names was acquired for a pittance .
at shiffa hospital in gaza city , patients lay next to blank monitors and other equipment that was turned off .
twenty percent of them are the ones with the money , with the ability to travel , from what we understand . there s a lot of pent up demand .
the international labor office estimates that million people did not have jobs at the end of last year .
it was really hard , he said about filming g . i . joe . but it was a very good experience for me .
the recruitment and use of child soldiers in burma says there are thousands of children in the burmese military .
they re available at a few of the ice cream vendor windows along the boardalk .
christopher hill will meet kenichiro sasae , director general of the japanese foreign ministry s asia oceania bureau on thursday , the embassy said .
there are thought to be hundreds of thousands of asteroids in our system ranging in size from small pieces to as large as entire mountains .
it said police closed internet bars and ordered others to suspend operations for rectification and improvement in nanjing in the eastern province of jiangsu .
in october , a turkish man hijacked a turkish jetliner with people aboard en route from the albanian capital tirana for istanbul .
the korea herald reports that from next month , lawmakers will do away with bundles of paper and waiting in line to vote at the national assembly as a new electronic system will digitalize the legislative process .
few women dare suggest their lovers wear condoms for fear of insulting them , or being considered prostitutes .
bryant thomas , washington .
among the nominees are the dark knight and iron man up for favorite movie , hugh laurie and patrick dempsey favorite male tv star , brad paisley and kenny chesney favorite male singer and anne hathaway and kate hudson favorite leading lady .
in a videotaped deposition from iraq played tuesday , saddam sam saleh aboud said he endured beatings at the prison .
researchers say walking can reduce the risk of suffering a heart attack by as much as fifty percent .
al fayed , owner of london s famed harrods department store , began his testimony by reading a statement saying diana told him in july , the month before the crash , that she feared for her life .
there are right ways and wrong ways , says kerry patterson , a consultant on human interaction in provo , utah . it s one thing when it dies a natural death , but when it s one sided , you have to be really sensitive .
the tests could affect regional peace and stability , the statement said .
officials shut down two freeways north of los angeles and authorities dispatched water dropping helicopters and more than fire engines as the blaze started to push toward the city , said john tripp of the los angeles county fire department .
a reuters c span zogby poll released early on tuesday gave mccain a statistically insignificant point edge , percent to percent , over romney .
she was ashamed of . i broke the law and today i took responsibility by pleading guilty to the charges in my case .
chavez said his forces had airplanes and helicopters ready to retrieve the hostages at a moment s notice .
last month , sen . claire mccaskill , a missouri democrat and a supporter of democratic candidate sen . barack obama , said mccain s age and skin cancer history were fair game as a campaign issue . we re talking about a reality here that we have to face .
obama , who claimed victory in vermont , had won straight contests since super tuesday on february .
as such , internet usage is not restricted to the younger generation
the endorsement deal , believed to be worth at least million a year , was to end in .
justice minister kim seung kyu on monday made it clear he is opposed to the idea of abolishing the anti communist national security law , saying keeping a legal system against enemy states is essential to safeguard the country s democratic system .
the artificial heart would initially be for patients who had suffered a massive heart attack or who had heart failure , but might eventually be used in patients were are not that sick .
the meter tall foot tall concrete wall is nearly two kilometers miles wide .
in this morning s attack , we remain confident that only enemy forces were killed .
they added that it could garner up to parliamentary seats if their candidates in too close to call districts do well .
the year old was found unconscious friday while on vacation with his family in the bahamas west end .
harry was to go to iraq , but military chiefs ruled that the publicity surrounding his deployment could put his unit at higher risk , and he was not sent .
the food and drug administration on monday issued a correctional order to the snack manufacturer .
by day s end , the nikkei index , which fell as much as . percent earlier , rose . percent to finish at , . points .
turkey has about , on iraq s northern frontier , and prime minister recep tayyip erdogan says he will ask parliament this week to authorize a military incursion a move u . s . officials fear could undermine the stability of iraq s american backed government .
the series of short films , commissioned by the sundance channel , is a showcase of how small creatures get down to the business of reproducing .
he called the station s soap operas pure poison that promote capitalism , according to ap .
starr once starred in an episode of the simpsons which showed him answering every piece of fan mail .
in one of madison s former slaves , paul jennings , wrote the first white house memoir
its tentative name is the association for teachers of english in korea and it seeks to become the first ever national organization for contract foreign teachers .
finally both china and india , like the south east asians , have encouraged companies to raise capital through their frenetic stockmarkets .
naval historical center web site says it is customary to classify things as feminine especially those things which are dear to us .
the u . s . citizen was turned back monday , the army officer told cnn on condition of anonymity .
because nowak is a naval officer on assignment to nasa , rather than a nasa civil servant , she is not subject to administrative action by nasa .
dallas , texas cnn a dallas man who spent more than years in prison for a murder he didn t commit was freed tuesday , after being incarcerated longer than any other wrongfully convicted u . s . inmate cleared by dna testing .
cnn medical correspondent dr . sanjay gupta said wednesday that it may never be known whether the deaths were linked to steroids or so called roid rage .
past artificial hearts have only had one pump .
in february , the north agreed to close its main nuclear reactor by saturday .
under the emergency powers , which are due to last a month , the authorities can detain people without charge .
in a second raid , an alleged leader of a cell responsible for several attacks on iraqi and coalition forces was detained .
in recent years , bessmertnova had worked with grigorovich on projects such as the benois de la danse prize , for which he served as chairman of the jury .
senator clinton can t claim to be vetted until she allows the public the opportunity to see her finances particularly with respect to any investment in tax shelters .
on wednesday pakistan police released pakistani opposition party leader imran khan from the dera ghazi khan city jail in punjab province , police sources said .
the former president had long refused to disclose the identities of contributors to his foundation , saying many gave money on the condition that they not be identified .
in the chat , mos told cnn s susan candiotti , one of the suspects said , the fact that she s dead is not good , referring to holloway .
he said no nato or afghan forces were on the ground in musa qala .
castro , , was seen early sunday laughing , smiling and standing without assistance in an apparent meeting with vietnamese communist party chief nong duc manh .
after taking the terre d enfance group captive , the taliban demanded the withdrawal of all remaining french troops from afghanistan .
the complex situation in europe and in the world call for us to show a shared and strong commitment , prodi said .
the nikkei in tokyo closed down . percent , while australia s all ordinaries slipped more than percent .
the crossing is the main point for people traveling between israel and gaza .
the korea times reports the prosecution plans to summon a top policy planner for president roh moo hyun , who resigned monday for apparently lying about his relationship with a year old degree falsifier and a former professor of dongguk university in seoul .
elections no doubt play a part , but the tendency of deforestation rising is deeply related to the fact that food prices are going up , said paulo adario , who coordinates greenpeace s amazon campaign .
had a debut album neatly tied with a bow .
rounding out the top
lose yourself , from the film mile starring eminem , won the best song oscar for the rap star and his co writers , jeff bass and luis resto .
while bush ignored her , the vigil made her one of the most prominent figures among opponents of the war .
han who is replaces lee hae chan who resigned last month after a controversial golf game with businessmen in pusan .
tsvangirai says he won outright but the ruling party has said no candidate gained of the vote , so a run off will be needed .
chrysler dealers confirmed to the company at a recent meeting at its headquarters , that they have many willing buyers for chrysler , jeep and dodge vehicles but are unable to close the deals , due to lack of financing , the carmaker said in an announcement . the dealers have stated that they have lost an estimated to of their volume because of this credit situation .
tokyo , japan cnn the age long animosity between cat and mouse could be a thing of the past with genetically modified fearless mice that japanese scientists say shed light on mammal behavior .
having a u . s . military general control our forces is tantamount to giving up our constitutional right concerning the authority to command troops stipulated in the article of the constitution , moon said at a forum at the national assembly yesterday .
he has also introduced a bill to prevent president bush from increasing american troop levels in iraq , and to remove u . s . combat forces from the country by march , .
brazilians like foreigners to at least try to dance .
prime minister gordon brown has said the uk will make no apologies for expelling four russian diplomats .
it said people had already been released after signing a declaration that they would not take part in any future rallies .
james blake and mardy fish , the two u . s . players remaining in the men s competition , each won to advance to the quarterfinals .
no one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks , police said .
mccain giving jay his first interview since election day , he takes his share of the blame for the republican loss , and says his running mate was not a drag on the ticket .
he s pointing to the latest test results , which are showing that the number of new cases and new confirmed deaths are increasing only slightly .
pakistan s president pervez musharraf , under pressure to end a state of emergency that critics say he is using to keep his grip on power , is to quit as army chief and take an oath of office for a third presidential term on thursday .
one woman drowned in high surf in cabo san lucas on monday , and the storm caused flooding and landslides that killed six people in acapulco .
galberth had said late monday that wal mart pulled the products off store shelves based on the customer feedback but wanted to complete the testing before announcing anything publicly .
cnn cycling legend lance armstrong a survivor of testicular cancer and girlfriend anna hansen are expecting a baby , cnn learned tuesday through his charitable organization .
the korea times reports of the one mayoral position and four county chief posts up for grabs , the main opposition grand national party gnp and the minor millennium democratic party mdp won two each , with the governing uri party saving face with one win .
the workforce is down from a peak , to ,
the items include spongebob squarepants spiral address books and diaries , thomas the tank engine spinning tops and some toy buckets sold in the us .
more than police officers were injured in monday night s confrontation , with five kept in hospital in a serious condition , according to reports in a number of french newspapers .
i hope we pass the audition .
a planned two hour ceasefire on monday ended after just a few minutes , with clashes resuming before united nations and red cross vehicles could enter the camp .
what we are saying is that we are tibetan , and we belong to tibet and we need to go back to our country , he said . it s as simple as that .
he hopes to one day serve on the front lines if called to wars such as the one being fought in afghanistan .
or the only option will be bankruptcy .
he is being questioned by the joint review committee of related offices , but i understand he has made it clear that he wishes to stay in the south , the official told yonhap .
though russia s constitution prohibits a third consecutive term , putin is expected to attempt to retain power in some form .
those militants have launched actions against turkish troops from northern iraq and have been fighting the turkish government forces in southeastern turkey .
control of the south of the country , unaffected by the civil war raging around baghdad , will be handed back to the iraqis , the tabloid reported .
between and , the ozone hole reached more than million square km .
then pour on club soda and do the same thing .
the traffic stop was described by the head of germany s federal criminal investigation office , joerg ziercke , as a setback for the group .
karpinsky says she feels vindicated , but the information should have come out sooner
that s not enough time for any initiatives for deflection .
a fourth suspect is in custody in the case of a year old boy , who showed up emaciated and shackled at a northern california gym .
but my remarks were neither meant to offend nor ignore the efforts of prosecutors and lawyers .
suicide bombings like the attack that killed bhutto and more than of her supporters , including asif , have intensified in recent months in pakistan .
she is very , very committed to her work .
in an article monday headlined american band releases album venomously attacking china , the global times said unidentified chinese internet users had described the album as part of a plot by some in the west to grasp and control the world using democracy as a pawn .
for more than two decades , about petrochemical companies have colluded to rig prices and turn profits unfairly , a top ranking official at korea s antitrust watchdog said yesterday .
mainichi shimbun criticized roh for inflexibility , while yomiuri shimbun said , roh has good reason to leave the matter to the world court if he is so self assured about the legitimacy of his country s stand in the dispute .
rhee , heading a three member delegation , will meet his north korean counterpart kim man gil , a deputy director at the secretariat of the north s committee for the peaceful reunification of the fatherland .
meanwhile , the government is belatedly considering designating afghanistan as an off limits country , under a revised passport law .
if you satisfy the criteria , you get a free night in a family room for two adults and two children , ahmed said . there s also parking space for a donkey if needed , she joked .
credit cards accepted
four children are among cult members holed up in a ravine in russia s penza region , where they apparently dug a cave .
according to hatoyama , he does know a man in a butterfly collectors group he belongs to who said he received a message from a man believed to be involved with a terrorist organization .
we researched every potential alternative process from caucuses to county conventions to mail in elections but no plan could come anywhere close to being viable in florida , said state party chairwoman karen thurman in an e mail sent to florida democrats late monday afternoon .
the boy was pronounced dead at an oklahoma city hospital , about miles north of noble .
protesters threw rocks and set fire to buildings , and security forces used tear gas in response .
last month , a judge ordered spears , , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol .
then the video showed some of the british troops including turney seated in a boat with an iranian flag , presumably after their capture .
sony said its own vaio laptops don t use the battery in question .
u . s . intelligence concluded in that the taliban and its al qaeda allies have carved out a new safe haven in that region , using it to stage attacks inside afghanistan .
the president tells a meeting of the hispanic chamber of commerce in washington that education secretary arne duncan is looking for results
wongsawat rejected calls wednesday to dissolve parliament , despite the country s army chief anupong paochinda suggesting that he do so .
we had to wash it out because it smelled so bad , hasuda said , gesturing to the bulky blue garments strung between the steel racks to dry .
dr haneef , who is , was arrested a week ago at brisbane airport , following a tip from uk police .
bernanke , testifying before congress joint economic committee , said that since the fed last met on oct . and decided to cut interest rates , financial market volatility and strains have persisted .
the torrential rains that poured onto the bone dry peaks flowed into canyons and dry riverbeds that channeled the raging water directly into the city .
time to catch up with your ogre friend shrek , his greenish bride , fiona , and their two men friday , the yammering donkey and the overreaching puss in boots .
i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said .
the violence then spread to other municipalities .
in doing so , hunters expose themselves to hidden dangers microscopic pathogens living in the blood of forest animals .
now is the time to restore the public s trust in the government .
the winter precipitation had caused at least deaths due to collapsed roofs and treacherous travel conditions , the ministry of civil affairs and local officials said .
police are also looking into whether the tiger had been taunted .
the panel of retired police and military officers told the senate that iraqi forces should be replacing us troops by early next year .
if nintendo has their way your living room could be the new big thing in exercise .
after two straight days of sunny weather in rio de janeiro , rain poured down sunday and threatened to swamp the parade at night , making it difficult for the samba groups to pull off their elaborately scripted routines with hundreds of dancers and multiple floats .
rescuers return wayward birds home
anderson is starring as a magician s assistant .
but black bears have killed people in other states , and can inflict significant damage on crops and livestock .
before their historic summit in thawed relations , the two koreas had vilified each other for decades .
a nato soldier was killed following a clash with militants in southern afghanistan , the alliance said .
for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when .
we will not allow the taliban or terrorists to defy the democratic will of the afghan people .
gunmen forced two guards to leave the khudhair al janabi mosque before they burned it , the official said .
but the move will also have a practical purpose .
it also helps that one laptop per child has dropped its initial goal of getting each participating government to buy at least million computers .
but even slightly warmer seawater allows the animal to regulate that element .
it will still be some time before they start appearing in stores , however , because merchants must sell all of the existing stock first , a spokesman for britain s national health service nhs said .
napoli made a flying start against the champions and a blunder by inter keeper julio cesar saw the ball come to zalayeta who scored with a clever chip .
top aide to president elect barack obama is making the rounds of the sunday talk shows .
the government also announced a million plan to help farmers whose crops have been destroyed .
our power s back up , the uh danger from the fire itself is um , dissipated , it s not surrounding the facility any longer .
the korea athletic promotion association , which runs the courts , sent a bill to the seoul tennis council in december asking for million won , for the use of the court from april to august .
a long shot shocker at the kentucky derby
in her first term , thatcher reduced or eliminated many government subsidies to business , a move that lead to a sharp rise in unemployment .
unprecedented control of access lines by high speed service providers , and patents that restrict use of specific technologies .
in the speech to lawmakers , sarkozy said his government is willing to commit more troops to the war in afghanistan , calling the fight there crucial to the nato alliance .
us attorney general alberto gonzales has faced tough questioning from a senate judiciary panel on the sacking of eight federal prosecutors .
year old charles carl roberts made the claim in a phone call to his wife just before he started shooting the girls .
the new orleans native faces that reality as he sits on death row at louisiana s maximum security prison , the largest prison in the nation .
pyongyang and washington have agreed on a three week timeframe for shutting down the north s plutonium producing reactor , a top u . s . nuclear envoy said saturday after returning from a rare visit to the reclusive state .
no deaths have been reported , although people have been hospitalized , the fda said .
at the time , prosecutors said chen could be indicted on the same charges when his immunity lapses after he leaves office .
while some of the island s moais are more than feet tall , most have an average height of feet and weigh about metric tons .
more foreigners to become permanent residents from sept .
suzuki quits world rally scene as sales dip
people take pills .
another soldiers who are were to be discharged in february decided to extend their military service term for three months in order to go to iraq .
bristow says the music is rather slow and makes a solemn rather than a fiery impression .
on the social networking side , facebook and myspace became household names seemingly overnight .
the original schedule , the opposition grand national party and kim dae jung s own democratic party complained , would color the campaign preceding south korea s may local elections .
the populations of burkina faso , mali , niger , somalia , uganda and yemen , are projected to quadruple because of expected annual growth rates of more than . percent between and , it said .
she picked zane because it was the first thing that popped into her head she s always liked the name .
the state of emergency will remain in place for at least a month , chaudhry shujaat hussain , president of the ruling pakistan muslim league , told cnn thursday . in addition , pakistan s government thursday began lifting the media blackout imposed as part of the emergency order , allowing cnn and british broadcasting corporation bbc back on the air .
the decision was made due to a rising trend of flu infections within the community , he said . we estimate this peak season of influenza will continue for a few weeks .
the basic model of the car will cost , , plus additional taxes and transportation costs .
his representatives say that those advisors can just turn around and give the information to him .
his comments on the middle east issue before his departure for washington were far more critical of israel than the ones he delivered on wednesday .
jun ducat , , was taken into custody after the hostages were freed at about p . m . local time gmt .
as it grapples with problems in the u . s . economy .
he said diana told him her ex husband prince charles , and the queen s husband prince philip , wanted to get rid of her .
her death along with female singer yuni , who also killed herself in january , sent shock waves throughout korea and sparked a concern over copycat suicides .
last month the country s highest court declared the capital relocation unconstitutional , but senior uri party members and roh administration officials said yesterday they have not given up on the plan .
small clues , like mismatched buttons or a house being more of a mess than usual , may be an indication of memory problems , said eric hall , the president and ceo of alzheimer s foundation of america .
former bush secretary of state colin powell tells nbc s meet the press he and republican john mccain have been friends for years , but he doesn t like what he sees as the negative tone of mccain s campaign .
just hours after u . s . president elect barack obama delivered his victory speech , russia s leader delivered a scathing rebuke of u . s . policy and reminded obama of some of the major foreign policy challenges he will face in office .
with kennedy s assassination , johnson became the th president .
twelve years have passed and nobody has done anything for us .
the police and military guys started coming toward the crowd , and all of a sudden started beating them and running after them , said the woman , requesting anonymity .
unity is the key message of the orchestra for peace .
space shuttle endeavour landed safely sunday afternoon at california s edwards air force base after nasa waved off two opportunities for a florida landing because of poor weather .
there we are in the middle of a scoop and we re beaten to it by a red top tabloid , emily s mother bridget , , told the guardian .
energy prices were the big reason they fell almost twice as much as in october .
used to be , you had to wait years after death to get your face on the stamp , unless you were a president .
security will be tight at upcoming political rallies and it is unclear if pakistanis will stay away in large numbers , fearing a repeat of the attack that left bhutto and others dead after a ppp rally in rawalpindi , near islamabad .
in britain , foreign secretary david miliband said he was delighted and thanked those who worked to secure her release .
it seems like in contemporary dating , it s this elaborate dance between two people who already know a lot of what their date is talking about , but they can t admit it , says david silver , an assistant professor of media studies at the university of san francisco who studies online culture .
he also said sunday that iraqi forces are unable to find the rebel leaders because of the difficult landscape .
the president is touring the trinity towers plant in newton , iowa , a plant where maytag used to make washers and dryers , but where now a texas company builds towers for wind turbines .
t l heads south to get a taste of some of georgia s best homegrown talent .
this material may not be published .
guy leterme head of the dutch speaking christian democrats and possibly belgium s next premier told a gathering of the party faithful as the votes were still being counted , it is time for change . people want a different course .
the book will be published
the blue house expects roh to walk about to meters to feet across the mdl to emphasize the historic significance of the first overland trip by a south korean president .
secretary of state condoleezza rice on monday announced an end to an economic and political embargo on the palestinians .
us troops will now serve up to months in iraq and afghanistan instead of the usual month tours under new defense department rules .
dealers gathering in new orleans will be attending workshops on how to get lean and focus on areas where they re making money .
except , of course , for the next nineteen boats that make up the top super yachts on the planet .
evening standard journalist rashid razaq , who flew to morocco from london , said he had seen the youngster on wednesday , the uk s press association said .
but because the discs pack data densely and the music is compressed using methods similar to that of mp software , each can contain up to five albums of music .
the missing man retired from the fbi about years ago .
karzai said he is working to root the taliban out from their mountain hideouts .
raging floodwaters have battered out of districts in the delta nation of million people .
international peacekeepers are struggling to control the violence , which has left at least people dead .
however , bishop antonio lanfranchi of cesena sarsina took said the couple s behavior was an outrage of notable proportions which bespeaks unutterable squalor .
computers on the internet that help users find web sites were programmed with english in mind , and the engineers who try to keep order on the net say many of those machines will not understand new languages without software upgrades .
a veto means denying our troops the resources and the strategy they need , reid said earlier in the day . after more than four years of a failed policy , it s time for iraq to take responsibility for its own future .
combined with the proceeds from initial public offerings ipos , this astonishing sum of money flowing to new companies is fueling much of the demand for new computers and telecom equipment , supporting the dot . com advertising boom , and supercharging the labor market for tech workers .
he was asked if the president would have to right to go back into iraq in order to suppress an insurrection after downsizing the u . s . troop presence .
through migration , the practice has spread to western countries like britain .
this is going to be a major storm .
growth potential shrank in the next few years because investment levels fell .
authorities , according to one of the sources , believe they know who the foreign entity responsible for the hacking is , but refused to identify it in any way , including what country .
the ferry s manifest showed passengers and crew were on board the boat , but one official said the real number was higher .
al zamel also praised pelosi s visit to syria , saying syria is part of this arab world , part of the issues to be resolved , and to ignore people gets you nowhere .
benedict continued the tradition started by john paul and dedicated palm sunday to the young , who were out in force in st . peter s .
seoul wants greater control over its armed forces , which operate in joint command with the us military .
hermes investment expressed regret for the korean prosecution s indictment through a statement , reaffirming that it is innocent .
the tax authority declined to reveal the names of the funds and the investigation results on individual cases .
today , despite the fact that percent of american households have access to plastic recycling programs , only around one in four of them take their plastic bottles to the recycling bins .
speaking from the scene hours after the blast , alliot marie said a courier delivered the makeshift letter bomb a short time before it detonated at approximately p . m . a . m . et .
maria sharapova just keeps getting better at the australian open .
yangon , myanmar myanmar opposition leader and democracy campaigner aung san suu kyi spent another birthday under house arrest on tuesday , as her supporters released doves and balloons to accompany prayers for her release .
with percent of the vote tallied , zapatero s socialists had percent of the vote , followed by mariano rajoy s conservative partido popular with percent . sunday s turnout was put at . percent late in the day .
discovered in in the valley of the kings , the mummy was left on site until two months ago , when it was brought to the cairo museum for testing , egypt s antiquities chief zahi hawass said .
most of the residents of the tiny island were evacuated to inland shelters ahead of the storm , keeping the number of deaths there to a minimum , gen . ahmad said .
prime minister abdullah badawi said on friday that he expected trouble , despite the police ban .
a river that flowed out of the lake was reduced to a trickle .
saturn s rings may look smooth and even when viewed through a telescope but they are in fact made up of clumps of particles and may be much denser than realized , scientists said on tuesday .
a third car in the study was imported to australia , but four months after manufacture it contained high levels of toxic air emissions , recording , micrograms per cubic meter .
in the first seven months of the year , the current account surplus stood at . billion , versus . billion a year earlier , the bank of korea said .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said the atmosphere of the talks , attended by nato s leaders , had been constructive and frank and open , ap reported .
but walters , speaking on a visit to colombia , said failure to deal with the problem amounted to complicity .
keep in mind that there are real people on the other end of your e mail , as opposed to thinking , this is a computer with a glass display , and you don t have to worry about what you say , cerf says .
the plane took off from warsaw and was making several stops before returning to its home base in krakow .
korea and the united states have made significant progress in the area of labor by finding common ground on handling labor disputes during the third day of the free trade agreement talks here yesterday .
as things stand , a us general would assume command of the joint forces in the event of any future conflict , but south korean president roh moo hyun recently called for this to change .
stating that the korean maker infringed patents on basic technologies for the devices , samsung told the korea herald yesterday .
and the drought has continued into the winter .
but rajiv bhartari , the director of corbett tiger reserve , which encompasses the national park , later told us that it is common for wild elephants to confront humans although fatal encounters are unheard of .
four people were killed and eight were wounded by a bomber targeting a police patrol near a checkpoint in saidiya , in southwestern baghdad .
iran said the report supported its long standing assertion that its nuclear program had only peaceful civilian aims , such as electricity generation .
morale was just terrible
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
cowen received support wednesday from all three parties in the government of predecessor bertie ahern .
they ll try to make it two in a row at tropicana field when brett myers pitches against james shields in game thursday night .
unsafe driving practices are common , especially on intercity highways , the state department says on its travel web site .
while secret balloting is used to elect top officials from state president to the ministers and top judges only one nominee runs for each post .
chiang said the visit was aimed at easing tensions with beijing .
a space odyssey .
for elementary schoolchildren , after school programs for helping obese students lose weight have been underway .
lai lai s gay nights are only on fridays , saturdays and sundays .
british bookmakers have reduced the odds on finding extra terrestrial intelligence after the discovery of a planet that may be able to sustain life .
given that hill s brief stopover in beijing on his way to the u . s .
iraqi soldiers detained two american security guards along with several other foreigners traveling monday in a private security convoy after they opened fire in baghdad , wounding one woman , an iraqi military spokesman said .
we won , the concert s announcer said from the stage as fireworks flashed and boomed in the sky .
the figure represents the fastest growth in four years due to a rise in housing loans .
rassinier said he could see two heads in the back of the princess mercedes , which he described as juddering in the aftermath of the accident as smoke billowed from the front of the car .
serena williams clinched one of the most dramatic victories of her career on monday , battling crippling cramp to beat daniela hantuchova in the fourth round at wimbledon .
despite all your swaddling , singing , and swaying , however , they may still sob for about three hours over the course of a day , and that s ok .
the swiss art heist follows the recent theft in switzerland of two paintings by pablo picasso , bjoern quellenberg , a spokesman for the kunsthaus , a major art museum in zurich , said .
french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife , cecilia , have divorced by mutual consent , the couple s attorney told a french radio network .
warren buffett , whose business and investment acumen has made him one of the world s wealthiest men , was quoted in an interview published sunday as saying the u . s . economy is already in a recession .
correspondents say it was largely this anger that led to the dramatic election results over the weekend .
on tuesday , the pentagon released a videotape shot from the bridge of the uss hopper showing five fast boats racing back and forth near the convoy .
the repatriation effort , sponsored by the iraqi government , began tuesday and is expected to last a few days , iraqi officials said .
employees often forget that their performances are graded in some form or another .
clarence mitchell , the mccanns spokesman , said clearly , if these reports that the girl in the photograph isn t madeleine are true , it is disappointing news .
a senior u . s . law enforcement official told cnn the information was viewed as credible because of the specificity of those allegedly involved in a plot .
cho came to the united states in , through detroit , michigan , a department of homeland security official said . he had lawful permanent residence , via his parents , and renewed his green card in october , the official said .
islamabad , pakistan cnn al qaeda or one of its affiliates was probably behind an explosion outside the danish embassy in pakistan , denmark s intelligence service said tuesday .
simpson has been convicted on counts in connection with the armed robbery of two sports memorabilia dealers in las vegas .
the space rock missed our planet by only , miles , about one third the distance to the moon , making the near collision one of the closest ever recorded .
sochi picked up votes in the second round to secure the victory .
the voting took place last month , and saakashvili was re elected .
it s a surprising , spontaneous moment , and who knows if dicaprio wasn t having some fun at his rather full bodied co star s expense ?
david s mother died when he was just a month old .
some of these people took buyouts or left via attrition
the two leaders , dubbed the boris and bill show on the world stage , held sway in the s with a series of high profile meetings across the globe as the clinton white house tried to help steer moscow s transition to democracy .
rio de janeiro , brazil cnn brazilian beauties wearing only sequins led carnival parades lasting until dawn sunday as second division samba groups used a kaleidoscope of colorful dancers and floats to launch the biggest part of rio s five day bash .
there are many ways around this problem , cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin noted .
the three high income groups created , new jobs last year , of which women accounted for . percent . women took percent of total new jobs created nationwide last year .
they also demanded the korean government scrap its plan to send , troops , including combatants , to the middle eastern country .
we are on the eve of this tournament . it s different circumstances , different teams , different coaches , everything is different .
according to one audience member , there was no booing after the outburst , but people left the concert venue hurriedly .
when soccer star and local sex symbol ahn jung hwan scored his winning goal against japan earlier this month , he threw off his shirt and flashed tattoos on both shoulders .
abu bakar ba asyir , howard wrote in a letter to his indonesian counterpart , susilo bambang yudhoyono .
in the u . s . , the dow jones industrial average , nasdaq and s p all closed about . percent down .
japanese leaders have deplored the behavior and accused the u . s . military of lax discipline .
saturday s catastrophe occurred miles kilometers above the earth , in the last minutes of the day mission as the spaceship re entered the atmosphere and glided in for a landing in florida .
no injuries or major damage was reported .
i want to make clear that without a resolution of the abduction issue , there will be no normalizing of japan north korea ties , abe said .
doctors were expected to release him in coming days , according to separate statements from the hospital and his manager , terri robson .
sharapova expects to defend aussie title
los angeles cnn brad pitt and angelina jolie s love for children is by no means limited to their own
texas and ohio , which both hold primaries march , are considered must win states for clinton .
the ap s david koop reports on an eerie visit today to one of the city s cathedrals
the u . s . government presented a plan which allows other nations to supply north korea with energy aid .
staying in trastevere has increasingly come to mean losing a night s sleep .
the year old sarkozy is the son of a hungarian immigrant , and takes over from the year old jacques chirac .
infections have now been found in states since mid april , the cdc said . additionally , the agency said that a man in his s who died of cancer had a salmonella saintpaul infection , but his death has not been attributed to the outbreak .
concern in argentina began last month , when health authorities reported finding dead monkeys in pinalito park , in the san pedro department of misiones province .
it also accused the international community of ignoring israeli actions .
the un general assembly delayed a vote on removal of the security barrier in the west bank .
heavy security prevented media from approaching sarkozy s entourage at the airport and the couple was whisked off in a convoy of egyptian presidential security cars to luxor s famed old winter palace hotel on the east bank of the nile .
rice also reaffirmed washington s commitment to a plan to transform its mutual defense partnership with japan .
our position is that our responsibility is to take care of him , whatever the allegations , wood said . he is an year old boy
the taliban are threatening more deaths unless ransom demands are met including the release of eight government held prisoners .
one of arafat s doctors earlier said arafat did not appear to have leukemia .
is a significant victory in our efforts to fight the threat posed by terrorists and their supporters .
other inland states faced a threat of heavy snow .
korean government protested strongly about japan s claims to the dokdo islets .
i m not going to take a coach because i know what it takes to win , he said . i don t want anyone interfering with my preparation .
i think the next couple weeks are going to be a very important period for the six party process , hill told reporters monday . he expects the reactor to be shut down within a few weeks .
do your homework . check the price at other stores .
the gnp had proposed keeping the current subscriber contributions of percent , and reducing the payments to percent from the current percent by , and lowering it to percent by .
campaign chief pio garcia escudero said he would wait for the votes to be counted .
kang in turn allegedly gave the information to a spy for the chinese government .
the dalai lama has criticized violent protests and urged dialogue with china .
torture and violence are surging in zimbabwe , said georgette gagnon , africa director for human rights watch . zanu pf members are setting up torture camps to systematically target , beat , and torture people suspected of having voted for the mdc in last month s elections .
on wednesday , three iraqi police officers were killed and people wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded at an iraqi police checkpoint in ramadi about miles west of baghdad , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
inside the summit , there was a concerted effort to get beyond iraq .
the stronger yuan is squeezing china based exporters , including multinationals , at a time when they already are wincing at surging costs for labor , energy and materials .
bank officials and the paris prosecutor have previously said they believe kerviel acted alone , though prosecutors have interviewed others , including mid level managers , as part of their probe .
her attorney , anne kiley , said earlier this week that spears had regained temporary visitation rights of her sons , preston , , and jayden james , .
a lot of patients with ms , for example , don t do well if they get overheated .
right now , the lowest in our survey is phoenix ?
high demand has pushed upward the price of a pair of tickets for the final to as much as , in ebay auctions .
only a warm up for a bigger competition among the city s top samba schools , which mount minute parades on sunday and monday nights to impress a panel of judges and be declared the year s champion .
the committee is expected to vote on her nomination on thursday .
if we do not act boldly and swiftly , a bad situation could become dramatically worse .
the majority of white voters in the primary supported his rivals , exit polls showed .
on sunday , a minibus packed with explosives blew up on a commercial road there , killing people and wounding others , a baghdad police official said .
winslet faces competition from angelina jolie for changeling , kristin scott thomas for i ve loved you so long and meryl streep in doubt .
blissitt said that the pig had become a nuisance and that visitors were often frightened by it , stone said .
athens , greece cnn archbishop christodoulos of the greek orthodox church died monday after a battle with cancer , church officials told cnn .
the united states will enforce our law , bush said . it s against the law to hire somebody who s in our country illegally .
there s a lot of money floating around , a lot of people involved . once the infrastructure and networks are in place , you start building that foundation , which can be further leveraged and taken to next level denial of services , cyber warfare , espionage .
only eight percent of respondents said they are not worried and have no trouble sleeping .
there were no votes against .
investigators believe garth m . flaherty , , took as many as , undergarments from apartment complex laundry rooms before he was caught , police cmdr . chris tennant said .
a picture taken by an astronaut shows the amazon burnished in gold as the light of a setting sun transforms the appearance of the river and its tributaries in brazil .
i ask the leadership of hamas , first , not to turn away from the true rule of sharia and to only agree to participate in elections on the basis of an islamic constitution , he said .
gm s vice president for north american sales , mark laneve , says the separation is the result of discussions earlier in the year and is not related to the company s campaign for billion in loans from the federal government .
the times quoted sources saying the prince and his friend were the only two people known to be shooting on the estate when the birds were killed .
on june , johnston appeared in a web video apparently posted by the army of islam .
about two in readers thought it was worse than average .
china tops world in internet users
mills mccartney appeared on an itv television morning show to complain about media coverage and to announce that she would seek european legislation to compel newspapers to apologize for untruthful stories .
early on in the investigation it was revealed that the juvenile and one of the suspects were dating and made to break up , traylor wrote in a release .
the joong ang ilbo reports capture , neuter and release will be the city government s modus operandi next year in its effort to quell the growing numbers of cats roaming the city s streets , the seoul city government said yesterday .
the korea times also quoted lee as saying district heads belonging to the main opposition grand national party are using the money to purchase banners and audio equipment needed for organizing anti relocation rallies , for which government officials have also been mobilized .
suicide bombers have set off a wave of blasts in iraq , killing at least people and injuring more than in the bloodiest day since february .
the comedy sketch prompted a landmark indecency case after wbai fm radio in new york aired it in .
bush says he s also invited barack and michelle obama to stop by for a visit before they move in in january .
german news outlets reported he died after intentionally stepping in front of a tram in cologne , germany .
some of president nicolas sarkozy s rivals condemned the raids as a bid to look tough on security ahead of next month s municipal election , noting that the media was alerted in advance to the operation .
a statement posted on the group s web site sunday said abu al muqdad al wahrani strapped with an explosives belt was unable to get past the security guards protecting algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika when he visited the town of batna on thursday just east of the capital city , algiers .
former counterterrorism expert richard clarke told cnn s late edition george w . bush has critically mismanaged the war on terror .
in company studies , zimulti plus a reduced calorie diet helped patients lose about percent more than diet alone over one year .
but justice department officials provoked an outcry from the ex prosecutors when they initially described the firings as performance related , triggering allegations that some in the bush administration attempted to influence specific justice department investigations .
the issue of whether foreign investment in the united states is harmful or helpful is still unresolved .
the joong ang ilbo reports south korea has voted against a draft un declaration that urges governments to prohibit all forms of human cloning .
denver saw up to inches of snow , resulting in a handful of flight delays .
anwar now leads the people s justice party , which is contesting the most number of parliamentary seats of any opposition group in saturday s ballot .
iran is a place of unlimited potential . . . and it has the right to be free of tyranny , cheney said .
you get people turning up with banker s guarantees who are not interested in football and then they lose interest in the clubs and leave .
were the competition not so great , americans might get away with this behavior .
a fairly big aftershock hit just minutes ago and i jumped out the door , said tomio maeda , manager of convenience store family mart in anamizu town . it s scary , i guess it s not over yet .
the plan could mean sending thousands of support troops in addition to the , plus combat troops the defense department has set for deployment .
the dead were among patients who have developed debilitating lung disorders including interstitial pneumonia blamed on the drug .
sex and the city creator moves to one fifth avenue
owner mary flood had year old jake put to sleep wednesday after a last stroll through the fields and a dip in the creek near their home in oakley , utah .
the statement , without giving details , said rural and urban incomes would be increased .
it is pushing for a new law to increase penalties for running a brothel or arranging prostitution elsewhere from the current maximum five years in prison to a minimum of five years .
we are a sovereign state , and that is it . they can shout as loud as they like from washington or from london or from any other quarter . our people , only our people , will decide , and no one else .
before the governing council met on thursday , futures markets showed a two in three chance of a september rise in ecb rates to . percent , with some betting the ecb will wait until october .
the turkish parliament has voted to allow its military to make an incursion into iraq and chase down kurdish rebels staging cross border attacks .
sports media gaming ltd , the company behind the ad , said the council had no grounds for removing it .
people in denmark hate me , but i have no feeling yet what the reaction in sweden is , other than they of course believe i am an idiot , he said in danish tabloid ekstra bladet .
. bringing up salary too soon
because of my actions , i am retiring from the sport of track and field , a sport which i deeply love , she said .
this creates nothing but hostility .
the abductees , who included many children , were held for about one month , and beaten and raped repeatedly , often in front of each other , the report from the office of u . n . high commissioner for human rights louise arbour said . witnesses indicated that the abduction
the ministry of national defense said an average of people annually are prosecuted because they object to performing military service for conscientious or religions reasons .
the ride was immediately shut down for the rest of the summer .
despite a global search and the attention of celebrities like virgin chairman richard branson , author j . k . rowling and soccer star david beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case .
initial claims for unemployment benefits fell last week , according to a u . s . labor department report issued thursday .
kingston , iowa cnn luck ran out for about a dozen pigs who escaped their flooded farm , swam through raging floodwaters and scrambled atop a sandbag levee in southeastern iowa .
the explosion at the house of xiaoxiang restaurant in south china s hunan province sunday night occurred as guests gathered for a dinner hosted by a villager involved in a local dispute , a statement from the local public security bureau said .
fossett is a skilled survivalist who climbed mt . kilimanjaro and the matterhorn , and who lived through several failed attempts to circle the globe in a balloon .
it covers about two thirds of the dna of cinnamon , a research cat that lives at the university of missouri in columbia more complete results are expected next year , o brien said .
the closure of plants there will slash its annual car production by . million units , or , by .
the fed cut the federal funds rate , a key short term interest rate , by a quarter of a percentage point on oct . , citing an intensification in the housing market s weakness .
a hip , eco conscious hotel that reflects the tastes and personal touches of its owners , a couple transplanted from l . a .
actor sylvester stallone was formally convicted monday of importing restricted muscle building hormones into australia and ordered to pay more than , in fines and court costs .
relocation costs have been estimated at million or more .
but economists cautioned that the run of good news in recent weeks has signaled only a slower deterioration of conditions with few signs of any real strength .
al zawahiri makes what appears to be a dig at the baghdad security crackdown started in february operation enforcing the law .
the upcoming summit will be the second ever for the two sides .
southwest cove is one of the most famous nude beaches in the country , but there s a move under way to make people put their suits back on .
china has decided they will take a different route , they will take an economic route .
zheng landed percent of her first serves in the match , while vaidisova struggled with hers and was broken five times .
state prosecutors and sheriff s officials are overseeing the death investigation .
among the latest , on september , six f s from elmendorf air force base , adjacent to anchorage , alaska , intercepted six russian bombers about miles from the northwest coast of alaska .
this is the first blockbuster of the season and in keeping with that perennial comic book motif the duality of good and evil spider man represents the best and worst of the series , as well as the strengths and weaknesses of hollywood s high stakes franchise fixation . the blockbuster ethos always demands , more !
according to the president s office , the britons will leave tehran at a . m . thursday gmt .
the assassination bid was one among a spate of attacks that killed at least people , mostly militants , over the weekend in restive afghanistan .
i also think it s important that the document be substantive enough that it points that there is a way forward toward the establishment of a palestinian state .
http edition . cnn . com world meast iraq . soccer . reut index . html
the national average price of a gallon of gas rose . cent overnight to . a gallon , cents higher than one year ago , according to aaa and the oil price information service .
in addition to casualties already reported in and around ghardaia , two more people drowned in the adjacent district of ourghla and four died farther to the north in the town of tebessa , aps said .
when the u . s . ships heard that radio transmission , they took up their gun positions and officers were in the process of giving the order to fire when the iranians abruptly turned away , the u . s . officials said .
and opposition leader benazir bhutto remained under house arrest wednesday .
last week , the opposition , led by the democrats , rejected the government s first pick , bank of japan deputy governor toshiro muto also because he was a former ministry of finance bureaucrat .
however , they have different views on whether king s dream will ever be fully realized in the united states .
dignity and pride don t have a price , read a statement released by giampaolo s lawyer , according to the ansa news agency .
nato spokesman , col . tom collins , said on wednesday that insurgents from north africa , the middle east and central asia have been captured in afghanistan .
a second group was provided with links to six web sites run by professional medical and fitness organizations .
the data at that time was called an al qaeda rolodex by one official .
on monday , he put the castle up for sale to the right purchaser under the right circumstances , said michael gardner , chief executive of baytree capital , the company representing habsburg .
police said he had the tape for at least five months before turning it in .
roh spoke to academics and students at the sorbonne , a leading french university .
senate overwhelmingly approved the bill on tuesday .
thailand s ousted pm thaksin shinawatra has resigned as leader of the party he founded and built up , thai rak thai .
if kim joins the yet unnamed new liberal coalition party , at least lawmakers from the moderate unified democratic party are expected to follow him .
health officials fear the trend could undermine gains made in fighting aids and might even provoke a surge in cases .
she has repeated it frequently since then .
at least people were wounded sunday in diwaniya when fighting broke out between iraqi security forces and members of the mehdi army , a shiite militia loyal to radical cleric muqtada al sadr , an interior ministry official said .
the high costs are expected to stir controversy over heavy financial burden on the south korean government .
the solution to jet lag . . . the ultimate solution , if you can do it , is total control of light and dark , says sleep physiologist dr .
when spears hit the stage the crowd roared . moments later many were staring in stunned silence .
he s jolly , he s always giving away his birthday presents , he s laughing all the time .
the pyongyang government has previously indicated that megumi yokota s husband was north korean .
allies by saying , the interests of america , britain , australia , france , norway , poland , south korea and japan are everywhere .
they could destabilize the rock and soil that form a quake created dam holding back nearly billion gallons . million cubic meters of water .
senator john mccain says it would be counterproductive to prosecute bush administration officials who said harsh interrogation tactics were legal against terrorism suspects
one lotus was even partially made from hemp , relied on solar power for its electrics and was fitted with sisal carpets .
clark , who has also resigned as head of the labor party , will remain in parliament .
musharraf has yet to convene parliament , but has said he will do so within two weeks .
however , obama stresses america has but one leader at a time , and right now , it s bush who has to help .
pakistan s government says the offensive against taliban insurgents will continue .
the difference is something like to votes and that s well within the threshold the state law sets for an automatic recount .
the amount is equivalent to percent of the nation s gross national income gni , which topped trillion won in .
union chief roger toussaint and top metropolitan transportation authority negotiator gary dellaverson continued their intense talks at a midtown manhattan hotel .
the fbi said it had been building up a case against the piracy syndicate for years before staging the raids on the software production plants in china s guangdong province .
in japan and the united states , officials attached little significance to the test firing either .
she was banned from her own country for years under apartheid .
i am ready , said the iraqi president , to conduct a direct dialogue a debate with your president .
the british press association said the incident was sparked by threats made by a woman on board the vessel .
even more important , by financing the rapid movement of new ideas and new business models into the market , venture capital is dramatically accelerating the rate of technological change .
now that scientists are looking beneath the surface at mushrooms , avocados , and peanuts as well as once maligned eggs and coffee redeeming qualities for each of these five foods are coming to light .
that would significantly weaken musharraf s grip on power in pakistan .
her ears are large and sophisticated radio telescopes , spread across several acres , that scan the cosmos for signals of extraterrestrial origin .
reported summit talks between north korean defense chairman kim jong il and chinese president hu jintao yesterday came against the backdrop of brisk diplomatic contacts among participants of multilateral nuclear talks toward opening their third round of negotiations , hopefully by the end of june . north korean leader , kim jong il s reported visit to beijing this week has increased hopes for creating a more favorable environment to resolve the prolonged nuclear standoff , but experts are divided on whether his trip will yield any major breakthrough in pyongyang s battle with washington over the issue .
deputy director ed rappaport has been temporarily placed in charge .
the assessment said the agencies have no specific , credible intelligence indicating that terrorist organizations intend to utilize female suicide bombers against targets in the homeland .
days later , a sudanese government official said the talks would be postponed until december .
chief north korean disarmament negotiator kim kye gwan and other officials told albright and joel wit , a former state department official , that nothing would happen until the u . s . agreed to the construction of light water reactors that washington promised north korea under a deal to freeze pyongyang s nuclear program .
parts of iowa , missouri , illinois , indiana , michigan and northwest ohio also are preparing for possible flooding .
bodies floated out to sea and thousands of residents camped out overnight tuesday on a hillside above a devastated town in the western solomon islands after a tsunami that struck without warning washed away coastal villages , killing at least people .
any company can and does advertise that it has great guides .
cnn assumed eisenberg could be watching cnn s broadcast and chose not to report his calls to avoid compromising the safety of the hostages .
michael phelps back home in his house in maryland .
those who have remained in the mosque , i request them to come out and surrender . if they don t surrender , they ll be killed . . . they must surrender , musharraf said .
seats at the front of the plane are the quietest .
the deadliest attack happened in samarra , north of baghdad , where a car bomb detonated near a mosque in the city s center .
the umbrella in the old citigroup logo isn t protecting these people this morning
another important aspect to aging beautifully is sleep !
thaksin was deposed in a military coup on september , and is currently living in exile in london .
blair , formally handing over the leadership , told the conference brown would give his best in the service of the country , . . . i know his best is as good as it gets .
encouraging people to get tested is a huge challenge in a country where people with the aids virus still face stigma and shame .
if the average consumer price level in the u . s . is put at , that of products sold in south korea is as of the end of december last year , the national statistical office nso said , citing data from the organization for economic cooperation and development oecd .
one of the photos seen by the jury , taken shortly after midnight on august , , showed diana , identifiable by her blonde hair , on the floor of the back seat of the crumpled mercedes .
but she didn t break the law when she fired the state s public safety commissioner .
people who spend their days in front of a computer may want to check out some fitness related web sites , according to a study published monday .
another area that lit up
the decline left the dow at a month low .
since my inauguration , north korea has intensified tension across the border , lee said . but i don t expect the situation to deteriorate further .
japan s benchmark nikkei index lost . points , or . percent , to , . points , its lowest since july , .
earlier , most asian and pacific markets were also sharply lower on thursday .
a skeleton crew may be all that s needed on the graveyard shift .
meanwhile , sponsors of proposition have gone to the state supreme court , asking for an order to nullify the estimated , same sex marriages that were performed before the amendment was passed by voters in november .
don t read too much into this , but the number of new jobless claims and the total number of americans on unemployment both dropped more than expected last week .
he d earned it , he said .
tokyo , japan cnn a strong earthquake struck off the coast of japan early thursday , the national meteorological agency said , waking up people miles away in tokyo .
there may be no other figure in russian history of the last century who has provoked such different evaluations , from fierce hatred to consecration , said historian yuri polyakov , a member of the prestigious russian academy of sciences .
sarkozy has hardened france s stance on iran in recent months , shifting closer to the united states in his insistence on tough u . n . security council sanctions and even his mention of the possibility of war .
zurich based ubs said monday it will also write down the value of some assets by . billion billion swiss francs because of the subprime mortgage crisis and that its job cuts involve about , positions .
and vice president elect joe biden gets to see his new home today .
he had been on the run after escaping from house arrest days after the november emergency order was imposed .
that same survey shows that one out of seven likely voters , about , remain undecided .
kidman said she was really , really scared during the car ride and that she was in tears and distressed by the time she reached her parents house .
although most of the major labels insist that safeguards are still needed to stave off online piracy and make other digital music business models work , one company has already struck a deal with apple .
heartland is so bright that the federal aviation administration is concerned that planes with faulty instruments might mistake it for nearby macarthur airport .
some gop observers are watching to see if barr will draw votes away from the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain of arizona , in the general election .
jackson says the money was a gift .
the bees escaped from their crates when a big rig carrying more than colonies , or hives , flipped on its side on highway shortly before a . m .
the chance discovery of the excellently preserved , year old corpse
but in a sign of the confusion surrounding the world s biggest hydroelectric project , and by sheer force of rural tradition , many planted fields they had been told were doomed .
the year old baroness was referring to a marble statue of her that was decapitated in by a vandal while on loan to guildhall , the town hall for the city of london , the capital s financial district .
the future belongs to us , chavez told reporters , adding , oh , ho ho !
the effort is reminiscent of a dirty tricks effort that helped drive george w . bush s then rival john mccain from the presidential race .
we let them know that this was not acceptable and the issue was dropped , richardson told a news conference in south korea .
that figure would far exceed the percent to percent that usually turn out for a primary , he said .
the curious case of benjamin button , featuring brad pitt as a man who ages in reverse , also received nominations .
his death earlier this month continues to stir controversy .
singapore s economic planners hope to turn the nation into a wired island in which every home and institution is connected to a central internet gateway by the end of the year .
bannu is near the north waziristan tribal region , about miles south of peshawar .
warner bros . counts on the harry potter frenzy to persist with the publication next saturday of the final book in the series , harry potter and the deathly hallows .
there is word this morning that japanese automaker toyota sold more vehicles around the world last year than general motors .
but an apparent surge in libyans could be tied to the libyan islamic fighting group s lifg increasingly cooperative relationship with al qaeda , a west point report says .
the ap s brian thomas has more
microsoft is expected to disclose its response to yahoo s defiance this week .
should kwangju be handpicked as a linux city , it will be required to install open source software as a main operating system of their infrastructures , a job which the ministry will support with funds and technologies .
but his confession could be problematic if used as evidence because the cia has admitted it subjected him to waterboarding an interrogation technique of simulated drowning that has been widely criticized as torture .
the contract fell . to settle at . a barrel tuesday , the first day of trade after the memorial day holiday .
the action is a signal that the central bank has confidence in the strength of korea s economic recovery and has turned its attention to pre empting inflation .
the korea times reports that while a bit eclipsed by the nuclear standoff , north and south korea have already started to liven up joint events to celebrate the inter korean summit in as the north has invited some high profile figures from the south , including key aides to former president kim dae jung .
kang yong hee of the ministry s public affairs office told reporters . we re going to start the evaluation of the security situation on the peninsula two years before the wartime control is transferred from the u . s . military to the south , kang said .
during the past five years alone , who experts had verified more than , epidemics of different diseases .
soldiers ordered everyone out of the car , the official said .
international aid workers have been carrying out assessments in the four worst affected provinces and say the damage is extensive .
obama has nominated former new york city health commissioner margaret hamburg to head the fda .
they can include arthritis , heart disease and nervous system damage .
most of the sexual experiences took place at their homes or friends homes .
that s a fair enough question to ask about a place where a war between ethnic albanian insurgents and serbian troops killed , people , and where ethnic strife still occasionally erupts .
the u . s . last year actually experienced a drop in emissions of carbon dioxide , the heat trapping gas most blamed for global warming .
what s getting atlanta tourism officials excited is that the new coke museum is expected to draw about . million visitors in its first year .
sharapova s agent , max eisenbud , said on tuesday that she is on track to return to action at the january exhibition in hong kong that she usually enters .
eight years ago , shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for wal mart s health and benefits plan .
as caterers whose repertoire has long included cupcakes , chef bill dertouzo and partner susan mcalindon of dainties cupcakes were well positioned to ride the retro wave .
as they do all over europe , churches mark pre christian holy sites .
orth korea s foreign minister paek nam sun has died , according to the country s official media .
roh called the north s nuclear test a foolish act , but renewed his strong commitment to joint inter korean projects .
the royal channel is a way of bringing the queen s christmas message to more people of all ages across the world and keeping up with technological innovation as the queen has always done , the newspaper quoted a royal spokeswoman as saying .
his father confirmed that , yes , it s an alligator .
birkhead s attorneys were seeking an additional dna sample for use in a california paternity suit that began before smith s death .
visitors watch from a video monitor in front of the exhibit .
the province has experienced dozens of aftershocks since a devastating . magnitude earthquake on may .
there had been speculation that the year old raul castro , would name one of cuba s younger generation of communist leaders as his number two .
that doesn t change the opinion of democratic congresswoman jane harmon that it s right for the new president to close gitmo
chan was carrying a flag for radio television hong kong , the public broadcaster whose existence is in question .
europe and asia have come together in beijing at a time of global crisis , and indeed , we are in a moment where we need global teamwork , said ec president jose manuel barroso . we either stick together or we sink together .
if virgin was really serious about reducing the aviation industry s impact on the environment it would support calls for aircraft emissions to be included in the uk government s climate change bill .
the dredgers working on the airport and related projects are also obliged to dispose of marine mud in designated sites .
twenty four percent said they supported same sex marriage .
this view was not shared by the russian government , which claimed the vote was marked by numerous offenses against election legislation on the part of the authorities .
the trial comes eight months after rowling published her seventh and final book in the series .
the first deal is to provide aircraft to the china aviation supplies export and import group . the second will mean the delivery of planes to china southern airlines , xu said .
the citibank union wants management to match the pay and working conditions of koram bank employees and the same right to labor union activities .
the united states since has made it a political priority to include sunnis in the iraqi power structure .
but the analysts are divided whether the reclusive state will actually venture to carry out a test , aware of various risks this will entail for example , referral to the u . n . security council for sanctions or even a preemptive strike by the united states on the north s nuclear facilities .
for now , relatives say efraim diveroli is out of the country .
i learned about the crackdown from my parents and teachers .
i don t see any difference between them and beasts , fumed choi joon hwan , , a visitor to the sex museum .
in a statement , she said , our hopes are high and i am confident of a successful resolution to this search .
at least people have died and more than , have been injured as a result of the snowfall , which began last month .
detective chief inspector gary clark said identifying the body was difficult because it had been in the water for some time , but officials believed it was a boy between and years old .
but friday s european super cup against ac milan could still go ahead , uefa said .
west mercia police say that a man and a woman are helping the force with their enquiries .
in hong kong , americans , from states such as utah , florida and california , recently flooded the consulate to complete federal write in absentee ballots .
in neighboring paktia province , suspected taliban militants ambushed a police patrol on saturday in the zormat district , and the ensuing clash left five militants and a police officer dead , said paktia police chief abdul rahman sarjan .
president george w . bush reaffirmed on saturday the principle of pursuing a peaceful and diplomatic solution to north korea s nuclear issue and promised to give top priority to the settlement of the prolonged problem .
president roh said n . k . should follow china and vietnam as a model of becoming a market economy .
virginia governor tim kaine on tuesday pledged to immediately launch an independent review of the events .
house democratic leader steny hoyer tells nbc s today show both lawmakers and some angry taxpayers are starting to rethink their positions after seeing what happened to stocks with the no vote in the house on monday .
when he listens , he s a good listener , and his eyebrows go down .
in indonesia , the framework for growth has been established by a determinedly orthodox group of economists who have concentrated on macroeconomic stability and opposed subsidies .
the other half of the participants took part in one introductory group weight loss session led by a psychologist and were then given links to internet weight loss web sites .
sunday s firefight took place near nusoor square , an area that straddles the predominantly sunni arab neighborhoods of mansour and yarmouk .
the party accepted that decision in a meeting following the reading of the will .
gul has established himself as a respected diplomat since his ak party was first elected in , securing the launch of turkey s european union entry talks .
the seoul metropolitan office of education announced wednesday that in a bid to fight obesity in the young , middle schools in seoul will adopt intensive programs to help overweight students lose weight .
sprint said it will invest up to billion in the next two years to roll out the fourth generation mobile network .
indulge in a cappuccino the kosovar version is especially decadent , topped with a thick dollop of cream and chocolate syrup .
now they may be facing yet another loss .
there have been sharp exchanges in the us house of representatives at the start of a marathon debate on iraq .
jericho , west bank cnn ehud olmert on monday became the first israeli prime minister to visit a palestinian town since the outbreak of fighting seven years ago , meeting under heavy guard with palestinian president mahmoud abbas to talk about the creation of a palestinian state .
gulzar married brown in after he had performed on a spice girls tour . their month marriage ended in divorce in .
people streamed up to take photos of the debris .
eggs contain a variety of substances that appear to promote good health .
but what are the odds of your vote being the one , to be the deciding tally ?
he averaged . points , . rebounds and a career best . assists .
mccain was in tyler , texas , and obama was in columbus , ohio .
police repelled the attack and sent reinforcements to the area , forcing the militants to withdraw , naizyar said .
he wrote a story about a th century train robbery , called the great train robbery , and then directed the film version .
flight jj was coming to sao paulo from porto alegre in southern brazil , the airline said . watch scene after plane crashes in sao paulo raquo
local police questioned people over the killing , four remain in custody .
our economy continues to face challenges arising from the illegal sanctions imposed by our enemies , mugabe told the house of assembly and the upper senate .
some are calling the attack an assassination and pointing the finger at syria .
in europe , ecosystems in the north and baltic sea are believed to be experiencing their warmest temperatures since records began .
it s a little thing but it s a massive change , malcolm turnbull said .
the phoenix mars lander , with its solar panels unfurled , measures about feet wide and feet long .
science and technology minister oh myung said monday that , the billion won plan to send a south korean into space will be confirmed by the end of december .
to correct mood problems , two to five grams or more may be required .
scientists believe there are no more than left in the wild there .
they also met recently in madrid with spain s interior minister , who is in charge of spanish police .
smith , , died february after she was found unconscious in her room at the seminole hard rock hotel casino near hollywood , florida .
they became known worldwide as the smurfs .
if they committed completely to ibm
he described the speaker s visit as a breakthrough and praised the inclusion of the first muslim member of congress , u . s . rep .
the renewed rocket fire in spite of an israeli incursion aimed at snuffing out such attacks was a blow to the jewish state as it seeks to prevent militants portraying its planned pullout of settlers from gaza next year as a victory .
have been released by the british ministry of defence .
the rockets missed their target , with two of them landing some yards meters away from the crowd , said arif yaqoubi , a local reporter attending the event .
in this old korean center of trade , we hope to open a new chapter of prosperity together with south korea , said choe hyun gu , a north korean trade official .
he government s attempts to stabilize home prices have resulted in a continuing stream of changes to its policies , and those changes continued .
michelle wie earned a spot on the lpga tour on sunday , overcoming a miserable start to shoot a over and easily finish among the top players at the q school to become a card carrying member of the tour .
preliminary results released by the berlin state election authority showed the majority of the , ballots cast were in favor of keeping the airport open .
after a day of wrangling in front of a sometimes unruly crowd , the democratic national committee s rules and bylaws committee reinstated all of florida and michigan s delegates to its party convention , with each getting a half vote to penalize the states for moving their primaries earlier than the party had approved .
the billion offer that murdoch made for dow jones could easily be paid out of news corp . s cash stockpile .
the ruling takes effect monday at p . m . p . m . et .
they were being interviewed to confirm their nationalities , the associated press reported , quoting canadian ambassador joseph caron .
mining and resources industries , especially petroleum and gas , small scale gold mining and quarrying for construction materials , have generated economic rewards and substantial growth in employment .
in , yuhan kimberly corp . , a maker of household products , switched to a five day week without paring paychecks .
no passengers were onboard .
we are at the point now where , either we protect what we have or we lose it , she said .
airbus said it will take more time to determine the financial impact of the revised delivery schedule and the extent of additional costs .
the separatist group claimed responsibility for a december , , car bomb at the madrid airport that killed two men and destroyed a parking garage .
cheong wa dae wednesday gave lee an ultimatum .
it is often impossible to prove the weather , or what the travel industry likes to call an act of god had anything to do with your trip interruption .
president roh moo hyun expressed hope that candidates in the presidential race will not be subject to the ongoing probe into the allegedly illegal fundraising scandal .
a group demanding that france get out of afghanistan is claiming responsibility for the christmastime incident .
the gas group , commonly called gecf , would control the vast bulk of global supplies and could fix prices for the rest of the world .
when cannes accepted my film , i suddenly got full access to the film festival , including the benefit of services such as free lawyers , says duke .
the chief of the khartoum airport told al jazeera arabic network the plane landed safely , but an explosion occurred in one of its engines before it came to a stop , about minutes after the plane had landed .
which democrat is winning the battle for religious voters ?
south korean naval vessels fired warning shots yesterday at one of three north korean patrol boats that crossed the northern limit line in the yellow sea , the demarcation line of the maritime border between the two koreas .
in a rally , newport news he called on supporters to get out the vote
the cabinet approved the measure with ministers voting for it and three ministers voting against it , the official said .
ahmadinejad s speech came as iran celebrated nuclear technology day .
his most treasured item is a vhs tape of hello , dolly .
watson , who won the nobel prize for his part in discovering the structure of dna , provoked a storm of criticism after his comments were published in the sunday times .
lee has designated yu myung hwan , south korean ambassador to japan who also served as vice foreign minister between and , as his first foreign minister .
the pipeline brings in , barrels of oil a day from the north sea to bp s kinneil plant , which is powered from the grangemouth site .
rain is in the forecast , at series tied up at one game apiece .
police had said there was no evidence of homicide , and autopsies found that daniel died from a combination of drugs , including methadone and antidepressants .
the official count of infections has increased dramatically in recent days since an order issued late last week by the ministry of health mandating that all cases be reported .
although the post is largely ceremonial , the president can veto legislation and the office has been a stronghold for secularists .
he declined to name the borough where the program started .
glenn camber of virginia owned of them , including a convertible , which still haunts his memory
including about children
stocks slumped monday , as ongoing recession fears overshadowed any relief about china s billion stimulus plan and the government s revamping of its deal with aig .
now the city hopes to attract south korean investors and tourists a dream vulnerable to nuclear tensions on the divided peninsula .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will travel to annapolis , maryland , next week where they hope to jump start the long dormant mideast peace process .
asked if he was afraid for his own safety in the wake of his mother s assassination , he said i fear for my privacy .
we need a strong and stable set of producing companies if we have to maximize future supply .
pakistan also tested its first missile in , while new delhi tested its first atomic bomb in .
but powell said there still wasn t any evidence that north korea had actually done so .
both airlines emerged from bankruptcy protection last year .
he was released two weeks later after diagnostic tests .
in a separate incident , a mine struck a civilian vehicle tuesday in southwestern nimroz province , killing the driver and wounding two civilians , said provincial police chief mohammad ayub badakhshi .
the commander in chief to his new ensigns and nd lieutenants
china trails only the united states in the number of people with internet access at home , with more than million people able to connect a rapidly developing nation , china manages to lead the rest of the world even as more than half of its population lives on less than a day .
researchers found that internet based exercise programs worked as well as printed advice in getting sedentary adults to take up regular physical activity . one year into the study , the internet users were getting to minutes of exercise each week .
michael moore s record breaking documentary fahrenheit is a pop culture phenomenon that is raising public interest in the iraq war just as the united states is attempting a crucial handoff of power to iraqis .
bush said he and abe had a personal visit on the issue and that he told me what was on his heart about the issue , and i appreciated his candor .
you know , in politics , we all experience the highs and the lows , and i ve experienced both over a long political career .
and consumer spending does drive much of the economy .
it s a neck and neck finish to a race that made headlines five months ago , when scientists announced that the feat had been accomplished in mice .
as of today , when the million users of google earth log onto the site , they will be able to view the horrific details of what s happening in darfur for themselves .
pat and sheena wheaton said they decided to name their new baby real shortly after having an ultrasound and being struck by the reality of his impending arrival .
late on thursday , moqtada called for a political solution to the crisis .
the faux pas occurred during the channel s live coverage of austria vs . germany at the european championship , with the mass circulation daily blick showing a picture of fans singing the anthem .
las vegas , nevada cnn some people come to las vegas to enjoy the clear skies and hot days .
with the safety of the pandas confirmed , the animals caregivers are left to determine how resources like food and medical supplies will reach the bases , which contain breeding facilities and triage centers .
that billion is a very low claim imagine if only of america had home insurance , said robert hunter , the director of insurance for the consumer federation of america .
though , it can t be forgotten that even these talents may find it difficult in the face of one of football s most expensive teams .
the demand came about after news that president roh moo hyun had already promised president george w . bush in summit talks in vietnam last week that south korean forces would stay in iraq for one more year with a downsized level of , .
in the episode , which will air this fall , sarah must confront richie s character when she is forced to attend her year high school reunion for a mission with fellow agent chuck bartowski zachary levi as her date .
anderson will replace sunita williams on the international space station and williams will return to earth aboard atlantis .
he was under house arrest for six months in chile , but authorities lifted the restriction last year on the condition he not leave the country .
, who has always protested his innocence , met litvinenko in a london hotel on nov . , the day litvinenko fell ill .
we re still very much affected by it on a daily basis , said tania garcia , whose sister marlyn was killed . it s an open wound , and every year that passes by just get worse and worse and worse .
and a recent harris interactive survey found percent of americans said they usually or always wash up after using the bathroom .
police say madeleine , who turns four on saturday , was abducted from her parent s resort apartment in portugal s algarve .
more than people surrendered themselves to police and admitted involvement in the deadly clashes last week between police and anti chinese protesters in the tibetan capital of lhasa , according to china s state run xinhua news agency .
nude photographs of kate moss will be sold at an auction next month among a series of other pictures of the british model , christie s auctioneers said monday .
roh did not explain how he would or could control the united states foreign policy .
the korea times reports if the bill passes , it would be implemented in september .
in a national assembly session , the former justice minister , who assumed the post on june , said , it seems impossible to clearly find out who ordered the illegal eavesdropping and to whom .
the pot had grown so huge because there had not been a big winner in any of the drawings since late june .
there is a bright spot for consumers , though .
of course using gps data to link virtual worlds to the real world or vice versa is not new in mobile gaming witness virtual treasure hunts on city streets and the like .
the bronx has been particularly hard hit , according to the report .
men and women who gave their lives in such places as kabul and kandahar , baghdad and ramadi .
sohn said in principle he agrees the people will be the beneficiaries of the deal ultimately , but added there are some obstacles to the parliamentary ratification .
defying iraqi and u . s . calls for turkey to wind up the six day operation , a top turkish diplomat said there was no timetable for the incursion following talks in baghdad with iraqi counterparts .
the disparity was attributed to the fact that women typically outlive men .
microsoft korea has charged that hana bank illegally copied its most popular software programs and installed them on thousands of its office computers without paying for them .
from juneau , you can approach mendenhall glacier by kayak or canoe through alaska travel adventures .
a fourth soldier wounded in the attack was expected to survive , the ministry reported .
cnn al qaeda leader osama bin laden will address the west in a new message , according to a banner ad from the group s production wing posted on islamist web sites known to carry messages from al qaeda and bin laden .
clinton also accused obama of supporting billions of dollars of breaks for the oil industry by voting for an energy bill she opposed and said he did not support the workers of a maytag corp . plant that closed in his home state of illinois .
still , sizable numbers of and year olds also had unwanted exposure percent of boys and percent of girls that age .
kuwait s leader dissolved parliament on wednesday and called for early elections , after the cabinet resigned this week following a power struggle with the government .
and this year , the isolated communist country is expected to see the largest harvest deficit since , according to the u . n . s food and agriculture organization .
bates , a bush appointee , agreed with defense arguments that federal law protects cheney and the other top administration officials from being sued for actions taken as part of their official duties .
the fallout ends a long simmering spat that began even before the santa clara based chipmaker joined the olpc board in july , agreeing to contribute money and technical expertise .
the palestinians hope to make east jerusalem the capital of a future palestinian state .
future of the alliance policy initiative
blair said he would not comment on individual allegations , but said that if the investigation had gone ahead it would have involved the most serious allegations and investigations being made of the saudi royal family .
under bloomberg s plan , that number will increase to , by october , then will grow by about percent each year until , when every yellow cab currently numbering , will be a hybrid .
the decision to punish the victim of a gang rape is an appalling breach of the most fundamental human rights , said democratic presidential candidate john edwards .
the press conference continued . they don t know where it came from .
president clinton has won the latest round with opponents of the crime bill .
currently , only three are selected by lawmakers , while the other six are appointed by the president and the chief justice of the court .
and unless the wheels come off his wagon , obama was likely to hold that lead , said david gergen , a former adviser to both republican and democratic candidates .
clinton s web site encourages people to write to the rules and bylaws committee .
it will be wednesday or thursday before authorities know whether their emergency operation is successful , a commander said .
ex i have a useful contact in new york .
the state department official , sung kim , was to arrive in south korea later tuesday and planned to leave wednesday for beijing and travel thursday to pyongyang before returning to washington on sunday , embassy spokesman max kwak said in seoul .
bill richardson said he was very pleased with north korea s willingness to make progress in six nation talks .
they want to live in peace and have a comfortable life with their families , hamidzada said . there is serious debate within their ranks , but this is a process that takes time .
the museum has come under pressure over allegations of acquiring ancient art pieces illegally when a former getty curator was charged with art theft and a trust chairman resigned in following controversies over art looting .
not only that , but republican support is beginning to waver .
zoe s ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn .
or more presidential aspirants through the media and grass roots work .
the legal age for drinking alcohol and smoking is in the netherlands .
debt to a degree is healthy .
about people turned out for the london protest , some wearing white robes and masks of suu kyi s face .
environment minister rachmat witoelar said global warming was at least partially to blame , causing sea levels to rise and making coastal cities like jakarta especially vulnerable to flooding and monsoon storms .
word that several mexican oil export ports were closed due to rough weather added to the gains , as did a report that opec may not be able to meet its share of global oil demand by .
china s coal industry is the world s deadliest , killing an average of people a day last year . most of the deaths occur in private unregulated mines .
speaking of insoo s sister , she follows every move of dongbang shingi , a popular korean wave pop group .
it s an easy working relationship and a really nice friendship , so it works out .
we want to preserve the beauty and model figure of ms . smith , he said .
passengers fall to their deaths from moving trains or tumble under the wheels from crowded platforms .
with a second round of voting to follow next week , the size of the ump s likely majority was still uncertain .
panama city , panama cnn panama blasted away part of a hillside next to the canal on monday , marking the start of the waterway s biggest expansion since it opened years ago .
the idea of a person rolling around the stage in a chair , being disoriented , can t find anything , bumbling , in a sense looking like a clown is a way disabled people are portrayed all the time .
us president george w bush has intervened to prevent lewis libby , a convicted former vice presidential aide , from serving a prison term .
when asked how iraq s government would respond to the possibility of turkish ground forces in northern iraq , barzani urged dialogue with turkey but said iraqi forces would act in self defense .
the army says eight soldiers were also killed in the military operation , and about women and children rescued .
introducing the issue of north korea s abduction of japanese citizens , kenichiro sasae , tokyo s chief negotiator , told the official gathering that full diplomatic relations between the north and japan are only possible after the matters of the abductees is resolved .
obama is leading in north carolina , and it s a tight race in indiana , according to recent polls .
yes , this could be a bit awkward , but illinois governor rod blagojevich will swear in state senators today , the same senators who soon will vote on his fate at his impeachment trial .
the artifacts are part of a fresh exhibit that arrives in london this week called tutankhamun and the golden age of the pharaohs .
dozens of men hoisted a water hose to douse the flames .
deby said the decree instituted measures important and urgent to maintain order , guarantee stability and assure the good functioning of the state .
one of the sources said , you can safely describe the conversations as progressing and productive .
if the taxi limousine commission abandons the gps part of the plan , then there s room to sit down and talk , said , executive director of the new york taxi workers alliance , which counts more than , members .
gazprom has promised that gas destined for europe would not be affected by the dispute .
corty said he hoped to give an idea of what therapists find to be normal and satisfactory among the couples they see .
jones said the new system also makes it easier to send files back and forth between home computers .
many changes are taking place in food styles in the united states .
dor alon had previously halted fuel shipments following hamas takeover of gaza earlier this year , but restarted them .
it s the party members , not the president , who should take care of political issues .
li gun , the head of the north american desk at pyongyang s foreign ministry , described the meeting in an interview with the south korean daily newspaper hankyoreh .
he s now out on , bail .
they were not arrested , however , because that would cause an enormous disruption to the company , according to the prosecutor .
methane is a natural byproduct of mining , and its concentration increases with depth .
the first set was a close one with both men broken before federer earned a second break when nadal sent a long lob over the head of the swiss and out of play .
cnn severe storms packing heavy rains , high winds and powerful lightning swept across the american midwest to the east coast on sunday , flooding towns from iowa to michigan , threatening levees and leaving at least eight people dead .
dayton , ohio cnn the world s first attack aircraft to employ stealth technology is slipping quietly into history .
at , the working class meadows is one of the most intriguing talents to have come of age during the thatcher era .
it s as if the administration has snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
ben bernanke is scheduled to speak at a convention of independent community bankers .
in a concession to her critics , she said the tax increase she imposed in march will be debated by congress
the expedition of members of the international group for historic aircraft recovery , or tighar , was set to depart thursday .
the beach is on public land that isn t visible from the highway .
the u . s . embassy in yemen said three explosive rounds hit the compound in the upscale haddah neighborhood . two rounds exploded inside the compound and another blew up outside the building , it said in a statement .
edwards was concerned that the clinton storyline that obama can t win white , working class voters was becoming too damaging to obama and the party , aides said .
the sharp criticism of stalin that held sway as the soviet union collapsed waned along with the euphoria of russians hoping for a swift , smooth transition to democracy .
since the soviet union fell in , russia s capital city has progressed in many ways , breaking free of old social structures while struggling to maintain its cultural heritage .
my initial thought is it could be a very big eel , they have serpent like features and they may explain all the sightings in loch ness over the years .
it was so awesome , he looks better in person than in the magazines , said devoted beckham fan priscilla flores , . i m really excited to see him play his first game here . he ll make soccer more popular here .
the final painting in the series was cut into two before world war ii .
the official said beijing is likely to become the venue as both sides find it hard to narrow differences over selecting the location .
a year old man outside tokyo killed himself inside a car early thursday by mixing detergent and bath salts , police said .
this is a victory for all thai people who unreasonably lost their freedom on september .
thus , it appears , there really is a food demon
at the marines request , he returned twice to get details of its layout , security and lynch s exact position .
even so , the peter jones store says the luxury blend called caff eacute
the results of the investigation could also be used by the professional regulations commission to suspend or revoke their licenses , sabili said .
leonard bernstein chose hadley to sing the title role in a production of his musical candide , and he sang the lead in paul mccartney s liverpool oratorio in .
the north will make efforts to realize it , he said .
wall e isn t a perfect movie
whether or not the secretary s idea has merit , at least he s trying .
i don t want to live inside a box , she said . i will be smart , but i will lead a very bold life and i will learn about the world .
taiwan s front line island of matsu , hit by the worst drought in years , has turned to taiwan s rival and sent a water buying mission to the nearby chinese mainland for the first time ever .
results of the march presidential election have not been announced , but the state run newspaper has indicated that neither mugabe nor challenger morgan tsvangirai received enough votes to avoid a run off .
coast guard petty officer henry dunphy has more information on the search
but the primary fight would put her up against david paterson , new york s first african american governor .
israeli military says they have surrounded gaza city
an estimated , , bears live around the arctic in canada , russia , alaska , greenland and norway and countries are struggling to work out ways to protect them amid forecasts of an accelerating thaw .
the minor democratic labor party plans to propose a parliamentary resolution for the pullout within this year .
on the down side , heavy equipment maker caterpillar is offering buyouts to , workers in the us , and wireless provider sprint nextel is cutting , jobs .
the fines , already the biggest in ba s history , could have been higher if the airline had not admitted wrongdoing .
it always turns out completely different than it looks in the viewpoint , she said .
timothy keating said that although the uss essex group will leave the shores of myanmar , also known as burma , he will leave several heavy lift aircraft in thailand to assist international relief efforts .
university of maryland economist peter morrissey says the plan includes a deal between the government and private companies
michael crichton , who helped create the tv show er and wrote the best sellers jurassic park , the andromeda strain , sphere and rising sun , has died in los angeles , his public relations firm said in a news release .
because this round could be the crossroads , today s talks took place in an atmosphere of heightened tension , sasae said .
we once again urge responsible leaders of japan to have a correct understanding of history , the ministry said .
i m mindful of not putting good money after bad , so we re working through some options , he said .
the korea herald reports police have arrested eight present and former professional baseball players , two former college stars and two brokers on charges of dodging mandatory military service by faking tests to pretend they had critical kidney ailments .
the girl was reported as a runaway juvenile on december , grebmeier said , and police took a missing persons report and put out a flier .
the animals were found in the foja mountains rainforest in eastern papua province in a june expedition , said u . s . based conservation international , which organized the trip along with the indonesian institute of science .
it provided fresh air , waste removal and adequate food and water for passengers on flights delayed by more than three hours .
the five day round of talks takes on additional importance because of the slow pace of negotiations to this point despite a march deadline for concluding them .
crocker did not confirm that there would be a second meeting .
you either rat on the ally or you stay with the ally , he said .
rebelo will replace goncalo amaral , who was taken off the case after he criticized british police for favoring kate and gerry mccann , the girl s parents , who have been named as suspects in the case by portuguese police .
nato officials argue that this is far from the truth and the country has experienced significant development and growth with constant attention being paid to security problems .
indonesia s meteorological center said the small tsunami was not a concern and canceled its tsunami alert several hours after the quake struck , but it issued a new alert after a strong aftershock occurred at p . m . gmt .
whether he goes to jail or not may have a lot of emotional satisfaction , but we ve really got to keep our eye on the ball .
monday s launch came a short time after iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad inaugurated the center monday , according to the state run islamic republic news agency .
the . mile trail has gentle grades and packed surfaces , making it accessible for wheelchairs .
the man , who is quarantined at an atlanta , georgia , hospital , told the atlanta journal constitution that fulton county health officials had said they preferred he not travel , but knew about his plans for an overseas wedding and honeymoon .
in producing its two hour documentary , eyewitness to murder
alaska railroad offers a canoe adventure to spencer glacier in spencer lake aboard a passenger canoe .
she reportedly canceled the order and requested a new couturier following versace s announcement .
the president and the uri party moved to set up a closely managed consultative council to coordinate and turn into law reforms of the chaebol , or conglomerates , the media and the political parties and legislature .
such gatherings have raised tensions ahead of sunday s referendum on reforms that would allow chavez indefinite re election , increase presidential terms from six to seven years and help the venezuelan leader establish socialism in venezuela .
north korea has threatened a boycott of the nuclear talks among china , japan , russia , the u . s . , and north and south korea because of an american crackdown on north korean finances .
cancer to surpass heart disease as world s leading killer
the day after the inauguration , wednesday , is being described as day one for obama .
responding to larijani s interview , a spokeswoman at the british foreign office said officials were still studying larijani s remarks .
our inspectors are there .
iaea , more than countries possess nuclear technology to make weapon .
dr . shapshay has now performed over operations with the perfect mirror laser and says he finds it almost easier to use than a scalpel .
a supercolony of ants has been discovered stretching thousands of miles from the italian riviera along the coastline to northwest spain .
all the studies aren t perfect , but there is more and more data suggesting that meditation is useful for reducing stress responses , said raison , who is also cnnhealth s mental health
assistant district attorney sean colston declined to comment on specifics of the case or the grand jury proceedings but said texas law allows a defendant to claim justification if he has a reasonable belief that his actions are necessary , even though what they believe at the time turns out not to be true .
on tuesday and wednesday , army and police rescue teams searched as many at miles kilometers downstream , looking for bodies .
former clinton deputy attorney general eric holder is president elect barack obama s choice for the position of attorney general , according to two prominent democrats involved in transition matters .
neutralizing the north s long range artillery counterfire , as it is known is one of the military missions that are scheduled to be gradually assumed by the south korean military as it takes on more responsibility for defending the country against potential attacks from north korea , the raison d etre for the half century u . s .
atlanta , georgia cnn cloverfield is the first adrenaline pumping monster hit of the year , bringing in more than million dollars on its opening weekend .
leading up to the vote , the united states repeatedly pressured seoul to again vote yes .
the astonishing claims come hard on the heels of plans by the football s english premier league to play matches overseas and underline the growing trend of globalization in major sports leagues .
political scientist mark petracca , who teaches at the university of california at irvine , says he finally agreed to get a nanny , but he absolutely refuses to hire a gardener , even though everybody else in his neighborhood has one .
the accompanying picture shows an exasperated man walking up a hill only to be blocked by a brick wall with a star of david and the word stop in english .
the mission coincides with the last days of ramadan , the holy month when muslims fast from dawn until sundown , but malaysian clerics decreed that shukor will be excused from fasting while in space .
various civic groups rallied in front of the japanese embassy in downtown seoul all day long after the shimane prefecture yesterday approved a bill designaing feb .
the mountainous , densely wooded region is the natural habitat for most of the , giant pandas living in the wild , making it an obvious location for research bases like wolong and chengdu .
the korean bar association kba has opposed a bill designed to severely punish spouses committing marital rape , claiming that it may accelerate the breakdown of the family if legislated .
walking also can help you lose weight .
the prosecution on monday started an investigation into two cabinet ministers for allegations of illegal campaigning ahead of the may local elections for governors , mayors and local councilors , the pro opposition korea times reports .
four other ministries are being downgraded as part of what he says is a pledge to streamline government .
during a rally for troops at the base , bush said any pullout would be made from a position of strength and success .
we can see from this incident that there is no stereotype of a racist , they come from all walks of life , education and social background , the statement said .
the insular cortex , the part of the brain that experiences physical pain , became very active .
it seemed like she d been doing this for several years , levy told cnn .
but public disillusionment with the government has grown , and no clear winner between eight candidates emerged in early ballot counting after monday s vote .
the seoul government on monday welcomed north korea s approval of insurance policies for firms operating at an industrial complex in kaesong and new real estate regulations for the mt .
a u . s . delegation pressed north korea on monday to shut down its main nuclear reactor and allow in u . n . inspectors even as the top american negotiator said it would be difficult for a weekend deadline on the closure to be met .
america is also pushing to get the ban on live broadcasts lifted , the official said . the country plunged into a news blackout after the government suspended all broadcasts as violence engulfed the capital following the re election of incumbent president kibaki in the controversial election on december .
the killings are the country s first state sanctioned executions since april .
supporters say the idea of calling in gay having gays and lesbians not report to work yesterday to show the strength of their numbers didn t work out so well
a source close to giuliani confirmed that discussions were taking place and said there is talk among the staff that an endorsement could come wednesday in california .
pfann is even unsure that the name jesus on the caskets was read correctly .
we are arriving with help , and we are going to continue bringing everything necessary , bachelet said in a statement on the government s web site .
but some things are deal breakers .
county sheriff capt . dean will didn t return a call for comment friday .
is that going to be the determining factor in a general election ?
the korea times reports police examined the scene of the fire tuesday together with the nisi , the korea gas safety corporation , and the korea electrical safety corp .
steelers first win in baltimore since deliver their second straight afc north division title .
the korea times reports seoul stocks took a big dive monday , following an overnight plunge on wall street on the worsening subprime crisis .
judge terence maher told ferenci that he had carried out lunatic and grossly irresponsible maneuvers at considerable speed , according to cnn affiliate itn .
polls show that americans overwhelmingly approve of sen . hillary clinton as secretary of state , but will the founding fathers veto this popular addition to barack obama s team of rivals ?
the late curtis w . king and his family built the unusual home because they liked to do unusual things , killebrew said .
uranishi projected that total u . s . auto sales could slip under million vehicles this year , nolasco said .
beckham , , takes his place in an initial strong squad which will be whittled down to after this weekend s premier league matches .
the precise number of gharials that have died remains unclear , with the gharial conservation alliance saying bodies have been found since early december , but chief wildlife warden d . n . s suman put the number of dead animals at .
a police official told cnn the warrant was for the alleged torture of a child .
floodwaters subsided , but the red cross reported about houses were damaged or destroyed , leaving , homeless .
the attacks came on the sixth day of israeli air strikes against gaza , which is tucked between israel and egypt and has been used as a staging ground for sporadic rocket attacks by hamas into israel .
he said a suspect was in custody , but police do not know the motive for the attack nor any relationship between the suspect and the victims .
the peacetime control of the military was handed back in , but the united states would take over command of the south s military if war breaks out .
i don t want to see a torah next . none of that stuff is appropriate to me , said skidmore , a democrat who voted against the plate in committee .
former finnish president martti ahtisaari has won the nobel peace prize , the norwegian nobel committee announced friday .
tirana , albania cnn setting up possibly another showdown with russia , u . s . president george w . bush has said the time is now to grant independence to the serbian province of kosovo and called on moscow not to slow down the process .
the problem is that a hail storm that damaged the fuel tank of the space shuttle atlantis has knocked nasa s flight schedule for the year out of whack .
everything you heard here is a lie , he told reporters outside the courtroom . all my rights were violated from the outset , from the moment of my detention .
his opponents , the target of widespread arrests and detentions , say it amounts to martial law in pakistan .
year old dani graves and his fiancee tasha maltby , who is , of dewsbury , west yorks , claim they have been discriminated against by bus firm arriva yorkshire .
one welfare officer responsible for sending the girl back to aurukun has been fired and two others have been suspended , she said .
new york cnn dow jones company , inc . vice president paul ingrassia said monday he plans to quit .
the government is actually housing an alien craft and crew here .
iraqi officials had expected problems for pilgrims and issued a ban on carts in baghdad on friday .
and oil is trading near a barrel .
the jewish federation praised the judge s decision .
the strike followed a weekend of violence in karachi that left people dead .
but it vowed to continue six nation negotiations with patience .
we continue to urge iran to play a constructive role in the region , and to stop providing support to terrorist organizations .
the discovery of ancient gold coins in jerusalem national park .
the convoy stopped at the demilitarized zone to allow the president and his wife , to cross into the north on foot .
tuesday was the nd anniversary of the death of bolivar , who is revered by chavez .
prime minister fouad siniora vowed that the attack would not derail lebanon s attempts to choose a president , according to the associated press .
police officials said they suspected abu sayyaf linked militants might be behind the incidents .
the original star wars ended with a happy tableau .
his campaign released a statement thursday calling the housing crisis a complex problem that deserves a careful , balanced approach that helps the homeowners in trouble , not big banks and speculators that acted irresponsibly .
this operation will continue till such time the last taliban is flushed out .
because of the stalemate in parliament , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan called for early general elections . now , turkish voters are set to vote in july for a new parliament .
industry insiders believe that the tax investigation will be centered on whether the firm , which was founded in , has properly reported its billing of clients that range from lone star and goldman sachs to samsung , hyundai and sk .
beijing , china cnn floods in southern china have killed people and forced more than a million people from their homes , state media reported monday .
but he did not rule out a last minute settlement with the metropolitan transportation authority .
it was pretty wild , ross police sgt . dave syska said .
but a who official said weeks passed between the outbreak in mid march and the first reports by local officials because they did not know what they were dealing with .
. how often are performance evaluations conducted and who is in charge of them ?
dobriansky said the united states has been in contact with several countries in the region , including syria , about the refugee situation in those nations .
we are paying with our public dollar for a religious school , a madrassa , said pamela hall , a member of the group .
richardson , who served as united nations ambassador and energy secretary in the clinton administration , drew percent of the vote in tuesday s new hampshire primary .
some lima residents were sobbing after the temblor , while others appeared to be praying .
cole , on the cbs early show .
if the afghan government falls to the taliban , or allows al queda to go unchallenged , that country will again be a base for terrorists who want to kill as many of our people as they possibly can .
state television has reported that owners of the primitive brick making operations ran them like prisons with fierce dogs and beatings to deter escapes .
police said they had launched an investigation into folole muliaga s death , which happened within two hours of state owned company mercury energy cutting power to her house tuesday .
the relationship was with wilkinson according to traylor .
adviser sami al askari told cnn the iraqis have completed their investigation into the shooting at nusoor square in baghdad .
really , it s difficult to buy at these prices , she said , then joked , they say they re going to stop eating so that they can continue drinking .
the korean society for molecular and cellular biology ksmcb monday announced hwang and prof .
he said the emden was nautical miles away at the time and immediately set a course for the japanese ship at full speed .
paul newman was dying of cancer yesterday at the age of .
the fact that the two allies appear to disagree so fundamentally does not bode well for on going talks on the issue .
the group offered no proof to back up its claim .
the casualties cannot be independently confirmed .
there are a lot of bad people in l . a . before , my life was about having fun , going to parties it was a fantasy , she tells newsweek magazine in its october issue , now on newsstands .
ullman produced the five episode series with her husband , allan mckeown .
some of these movies have done very nicely , thank you , relative to their production costs but they deserve to do better .
karzai said that the killing of innocent afghans during us military operations is , quote , strengthening the terrorists .
fifty members of the society for sex therapy and research in the u . s . and canada were surveyed by corty , an associate professor of psychology at penn state erie , the behrend college , and student jenay guardiani .
details of the nuclear pact have been kept secret , but officials say it includes confidence building measures related to both countries nuclear arsenals as part of continuing peace efforts after more than half a century of hostility .
tama s home of kishikawa in japan is an isolated town of just a few thousand people , the last stop on what had been a failing train line .
north korea s media routinely churn out anti u . s . invective , but it has become more frequent and intense since the nuclear dispute erupted in october , when u . s . officials said the north had admitted having a nuclear program in violation of a pact .
state department spokesman sean mccormack also called the report nonsense .
the state was working to restore power to several areas hit with outages , a news release said .
harry potter remains a box office charmer .
skiing great hermann maier won his first world cup race in almost three years as he claimed the super g at lake louise in canada on sunday .
the group demanded turkey withdraw its envoy from iraq and push the us and iraqi governments to free iraqi prisoners within the next week .
aides drove through the capital city of yerevan playing the appeal over loudspeakers and by sunday , few demonstrators remained on the streets .
from the very beginning , i entered the competition with high hopes and an unswerving determination to make this dream a reality , she said in a pre competition interview .
cnn saudi arabia has called for a conference of oil producing countries and major consumer nations to address the soaring price of crude worldwide , the kingdom s oil ministry announced monday .
the previous high of . was set april .
mobs in china have targeted japanese businesses in two cities to protest against japan s attempts to gain a permanent un security council seat .
the aid package is worth about us million euro million at current prices .
it would also provide babies with important health care early in life .
judge renaud van ruymbeke refused a prosecutor s request for kerviel to continue to be held for questioning .
two way trade has grown to nearly billion as of last year .
as the new administration is launched in japan , seoul hopes that the two countries conflicts will be resolved and the relationship will be developed into a future orientated friendship , said lee kyu hyung , korea s vice foreign minister .
the names of the couple were not released .
explosions stoke fears
gm risks running out of money later this year or early in without a bailout .
of the people that are homeless are women with at least two children .
recently , two economists wrote a column suggesting that the war in iraq will wind up costing the united states more than trillion .
the diplomats from the embassy are still in negotiations with community elders of ghazni province to solve the matter peacefully and secure the safe release of the hostages , he said .
steffen estimates sea levels could rise three feet over the next century , a stark prediction that could wreak havoc around the world if it comes to pass .
afterward , north korean commanders said they had not intruded into south korean waters .
they re very happy . my brother ghulam rasul is holding his two sons , crying and kissing them .
we have had another terrible time this week the men here say it was worst sic than the somme advance last july , harry wrote on june , , when his unit was engaged at the battle of messines ridge near ypres , belgium .
political observers construed it as bold gesture from roh to save former president kim dae jung and lee hoi chang who was defeated by roh in the election .
during a photo session for reporters after talks with abbas , bush said the united states can t impose mideast peace but can help facilitate it .
we can prove our innocence , said thaksin , who was ousted by a september military coup for alleged corruption and abuse of power .
not all the republicans in the meeting were critical of the bush policy .
they re investigating the crash and securing the coordinates .
today , factories mass produce the dish , but nothing matches a mother s homemade kimchi .
friends of balloonist michio kanda , who was on a solo flight , last heard from him via satellite phone at a . m . alaska time p . m . gmt thursday , said uscg petty officer levi read .
last month , the samsung economic research institute said that korea s potential economic growth will fall to the percent level . meanwhile , government officials repeatedly stress that the economy will achieve percent growth .
wondering about the genesis of this ring , the researchers came across earlier work showing that the galaxy cluster had run into another cluster billion to billion years ago .
according to his wanted poster issued by new zealand police he was known to have contacts in new york , los angeles , san francisco and san diego . he also was a self proclaimed master of martial arts .
kabul , afghanistan cnn afghanistan s taliban movement has extended the deadline for the execution of korean hostages to allow the south korean government to establish direct talks with the group , a taliban spokesman said on monday .
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
instead , with a hint of mischief and a nod to the everyman celebrity of campaign , he offers , i m joe the cellist .
the airport s backers have been appealing to berliners emotions to keep open tempelhof , the hub of the berlin airlift where the allies supplied the city with food and fuel from june to may during a soviet blockade .
more than , people died after a magnitude . earthquake in the province in , though authorities at the time covered up information on casualties and damage amid the chaos of the cultural revolution .
speaking in sydney ahead of the annual apec summit , assistant secretary of state christopher hill told reporters the delegations will be in north korea from tuesday through september to conduct a survey of nuclear facilities slated to be disabled as part of the six party process .
the other factor is the youth of ayumu and his peers .
to . billion euros from . billion .
brenda schultz mccarthy of the netherlands hit a mph serve in the qualifying event in cincinnati last year , considered to be the record by the wta .
the united states is pushing the security council to impose trade restrictions on iran .
the california supreme court has legalized same sex marriage .
the red sox had just signed pitching star daisuke matsuzaka from the lions .
the truck resembled an iraqi military truck , according to an official at the joint coordination center in tuz khurmatu .
if the tear gas doesn t work then unfortunately they have to use live bullets , he told cnn . the president has been sworn in , the elections are over , the kenyans have to accept the results , the opposition has to accept the results .
but israeli officials were dismissive of haniya s comments .
the democratic voice of burma also reported thursday that a year old detainee , u than aung , died at a detention center in yangon . detained september , he suffered severe internal injuries from beatings and died three days later after being denied medical attention , the group said .
among capitals , it is london that scores best .
the work was funded by the wellcome trust , a british medical charity .
the darkest cloud out there right now is the housing markets .
sarkozy told cheering supporters on he wanted to rally the french people behind a new dream .
other explanations that account for the eccentric orbits also predict that some planets could plummet into their host stars , a hypothesis that the new observation seems to confirm , the scientists said .
if you ve got a serious day of sight seeing ahead , pack a picnic from the sumptuous foodhall at galeries layfayette boulevard haussmann or visit la grande epicerie at the left bank s grand dame department store , au bon marche rue de sevres .
targets for privatization include the korea expressway corp . , incheon international airport corp . , the korea airports corp . , korea housing guarantee , korea district heating , korea appraisal board , and power plant subsidiaries of korea electric power corp .
neola , utah in california , evacuated residents were returning to their burned out streets saturday after a separate wildfire near lake tahoe destroyed more than homes and charred , acres .
al qaeda s no . called such iraqi leaders traitors and scum .
they described the scene as chaotic , with some of the students , ranging in age from to , breaking windows in an attempt to escape .
bill hogarth , u . s . commissioner to the international whaling commission , also criticized the activists .
people sometimes pay with their lives for saying out loud what they think . those were the words of anna politkovskaya , the russian journalist shot dead by an unknown assassin in the lift of her moscow apartment block on october last year .
after commanders greeted the president on the tarmac , bush posed for pictures before being driven in a motorcade to a concrete building on base where a marine gave him a short briefing with about other troops in fatigues . how is morale ? asked bush .
the dollar was trading at . yen , up from the yen zone the previous day in asia .
the country expelled the u . n . nuclear inspectors in late .
they re not a complete substitute , but they meet the needs of a basic high fiber diet , said wildt , who has worked with two pandas that the smithsonian has on loan from wolong .
now that alaska gov . sarah palin s not around , they seem to have run out of material , paterson told reporters monday .
but as the years go by , the high stakes decisions , constant criticisms and the fluctuating public opinion chip away at the president .
a fourth man managed to hold onto the boat s motor and was rescued yesterday .
libby was convicted in march of lying to authorities and obstructing the investigation into the leak of cia operative s identity .
at least other people remain missing , said alberto visual , a director in peru s civil defense agency .
branson compared his challenge to the competition launched in to devise a method of estimating longitude accurately .
a double whammy you re getting two downers at once , says dallas police detective monty moncibais .
thousands of government supporters reveled in the streets as they watched the midnight changeover on large tv screens , seeing rctv s signal go black and then be replaced by a tves logo . others launched fireworks and danced in the streets .
a troubling story out of california
officials say at least people were confirmed dead after the plane skidded off the runway in strong winds and driving rain on sunday .
taliban rebels are holding south korean christians in ghazni province , south of the capital kabul .
the woodrow wilson center says the questioning was conducted by officials of the ministry of intelligence and security .
a spokesman said the former premier was expected back in a week .
but the conflict has never stopped .
this is the worst case of soldier on soldier violence since the war began .
under the terms of the agreement , the company will pay the fine in five annual installments .
the world health organization is holding an emergency meeting to determine if the pandemic threat level should be raised .
ranong province is located about kilometers miles south of bangkok just across from myanmar s victoria point .
valerie halsworth , , told british television s gmtv she had removed seven of her own teeth using her husband s pliers when her toothache became unbearable and she was unable to find an nhs dentist willing to treat her .
the operation took place in the aarhus area of western denmark at a . m . local time following lengthy surveillance , the intelligence service said .
the senator also demands that the terrorist nation designation remain until all u . s . overseas missions have been instructed to facilitate asylum applications by north koreans seeking protection as refugees .
police also discovered another bomb at the shrine that had apparently failed to detonate .
the situation is much more alarming than people are willing to accept , says benjamin tsou , professor of linguistics and asian languages at city university of hong kong .
phosgene gas and liquid are irritants that can damage the skin , eyes , nose , throat and lungs , the cdc said .
analysts said that stock markets would probably be volatile in coming weeks .
debris was scattered around the scene , and windows were knocked out of the building . investigators were searching the rubble for clues .
sold only a fraction of its imported rice on an online auction yesterday despite a cut in prices , the joong ang ilbo quoted the company as saying . . .
that is one gaping loophole .
a total of pilots have flown the f since it went operational .
it s a jim henson christmas movie with puppets , but they ice skate and they re on water and in rowboats .
citizens in ireland go to the polls today to vote on a referendum that could legalize divorce in the predominantly roman catholic country .
these little laptops are so energy efficient that they are designed to run for to hours on a single charge .
president hu will visit the offices of microsoft and boeing during a two day trip to washington state .
in his new year s message , south korean president kim said seoul would continue with its policy of seeking reunification with the north .
in addition , one coalition forces service member was wounded in the strike and was transported to a nearby coalition forces medical center for treatment , according to a news release .
finally , shots were fired at the vehicle and it stopped , he said . unity is now working with the iraqi authorities to determine the outcome of this incident .
the widely used process has helped scientists use mice to study heart disease , diabetes , cancer , cystic fibrosis and other diseases .
trying to take co out of natural air just wouldn t be worth it .
but lee advocates a tougher stance towards north korea and the unification ministry has been accused of being too soft on pyongyang in the past .
about , of the , surge troops sent to iraq in will not go home as planned this summer , the pentagon said monday .
cubans with access to dollars can also buy cell phones and book hotel reservations other recent changes also ordered by raul castro , who was elected president in february after brother fidel gave up the job because of poor health .
ross simpson , washington .
the ap s jason straziuso reports that a clash with militants in eastern afghanistan has left militants dead , along with a number of coalition forces
huddled in a meeting room in a holiday inn still pocked with bullet holes after the latest in a string of attacks on westerners killed two americans and four others , many said they would heed his words .
two soldiers were killed in the fray , bringing to the number of troops killed since may , when the standoff with the militants began .
kid rock left in his tour bus and was stopped by police about a mile from the restaurant , parish said .
athens , greece cnn a strong earthquake jolted western greece on sunday , killing at least two people and triggering landslides that have trapped at least people , according to officials and state run media .
some dell latitude and inspiron models shipped between november and november are also covered by the recall , as well as some toshiba satellite and tecra laptops sold from april to october .
president bush is determined to continue his failed policy in iraq until he leaves office . and sen . john mccain will gladly accept the torch and stay the course , keeping troops in iraq for up to years if necessary .
later , in a statement , the israeli military said we wish to express sorrow for the death of the palestinian cameraman .
the leading presidential candidate said that a stock manipulator should not become the president .
in a party forum wednesday morning , a group of lawmakers agreed to put forth a bill late this month aiming to annul what they claim is a draconian law .
at , without a thing left to prove , jack nicholson is sharpening his political edges .
in the second half , we had trouble .
i just wanted to get that first set under my belt , and thank god i did because i lost the second , said williams .
beijing has come under fire for continuing to support the sudanese government , which rights groups hold responsible for atrocities in the darfur region .
he added that they won t go further than what is required by the international olympic committee charter which restricts demonstrations of political propaganda at an olympic games .
about of those are believed to live on the congo side of the border , where nine gorillas have been killed since january . the other live in uganda s bwindi impenetrable forest .
veteran hell raisers iron maiden have announced five new tour dates in brazil , within months of playing to capacity crowds in some of country s biggest music venues .
mitchell told reporters on tuesday i am extremely grateful to kate and gerry for asking me to return to become their official spokesman .
the u . s . military said coalition forces picked up suspected terrorists during raids targeting car bombing networks across the capital sunday .
separately , it sent a bill for . million won covering mr . lee s use of the courts in the second half of last year .
p . m . et wednesday if those demands are not answered .
i really freaked out when they came out with the memo , she said . a book manuscript waiting for a publisher
the joong ang ilbo reports that in case anyone missed his bias , the former hyundai engineering ceo and ex seoul mayor made the point with the guest list for his first meeting with chief executives of financial companies at the headquarters of the korea federation of banks in central seoul yesterday .
president vladimir putin said monday he would lead the dominant united russia party s candidate list in december parliamentary elections and suggested that he could later become prime minister .
he said four protesters were shot in the legs , and six others including four police were seriously injured by rocks as riot police moved in to end the violent protest at sultan khairun babullah airport in ternate , the capital of north maluku province .
the missile capable of carrying multiple independent warheads was fired from a mobile launcher at the plesetsk launch in northwestern russia , and its test warhead landed on target about , miles away on the far eastern kamchatka peninsula , according to a statement from russian strategic missile forces .
moroccan officials say they recently foiled a militant plot to bomb foreign and security targets in the country .
the daily savings is equal to the amount of electricity consumed by a typical , square foot house in a month .
as for the other , we don t believe her testimony was accurate , roetzel said .
the parents told police they had left the girl and her siblings asleep in the unlocked apartment as they dined just meters away , checking on them frequently .
sylvia s is harlem s best known eatery lenox ave .
in response , the south korean military declared a security alert in the area in a bid to catch the men and recover the arms .
japan s biggest company and the world s number three flash memory chipmaker is set to announce the cuts , say reports in the nihon keizai and yomiuri newspapers .
in april , exports surged nearly percent from a year earlier to a preliminary . billion , according to the ministry of commerce , industry and energy .
palestinian medical sources said at least people have been killed in gaza since the israeli raids began saturday , and , have been wounded .
many cinco de mayo celebrations have been cancelled today .
the divorce , sarkozy said , wasn t the happiest period of my life .
the world food programme has already started distributing emergency food rations .
in a major policy speech , bush refused to set an artificial deadline to withdraw us troops , saying it was not a plan for victory .
next gen d compass phones with accelerometers detect six dimensions flat , up , down , roll , pitch and altitude .
canada s house of commons voted thursday to extend the country s military mission in afghanistan until , with the stipulation that nato send reinforcements to the volatile kandahar province .
bhutto toured the city of larkana , near her ancestral village , a day after beginning her first trip outside karachi since the oct . assassination attempt there shattered a mass rally to welcome her home and left people dead .
sen . barack obama says he may travel to iraq between winning the democratic nomination and the november general election .
i longed for gloves and a hat . it took about steps for the landscape to turn from alpine meadow to crumbling lunar rock face .
it is an extraordinary event , the consequences of which cannot be predicted .
earlier , a military helicopter searched the sea while state authorities combed the beach near the towns of san francisco ixhuatan and san francisco del mar , about miles
earlier on sunday , lee chun ho , nominated as lee s minister of gender equality and family , withdrew over allegations that she had amassed vast wealth through illicit real estate speculation .
kabul , afghanistan cnn afghan president hamid karzai warned sunday that his troops have the right to cross the border into pakistan to go after islamic militants who have been launching attacks inside his country .
but he said the latest chinese campaign to improve product safety would focus on creating a chain of supervision across the entire production process for both industrial products and food .
the two koreas have agreed to formalize an agenda at preparatory meetings in the border city of kaesong , where they jointly run an industrial park .
the west s moves to isolate the new hamas led palestinian government prove it is at war with islam , a tape attributed to osama bin laden declares .
after the ceremony at windsor castle , the knights wore their traditional ostrich feather hats and velvet robes as they walked to st . george s chapel in the castle grounds for a service .
the storm killed people
a fleet of ships has been fighting to contain the , ton spill , but emergency workers have been unable to prevent the oil washing ashore .
the agency said the zombies or bots were a growing threat to national security .
it was the first time since january that oil had been above .
the coast guard says at least one person is dead , missing from a fishing boat off the new jersey coast .
that effectively eliminates the lower end model , which has a gigabyte drive and has sold for .
the explosion was followed by clashes between gunmen and iraqi security forces , according to samarra police .
the , year old coins were found in the giv ati car park in the city of david in the walls around jerusalem national park , a site that has yielded other finds , including a well preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones .
in their summit in early october , president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il agreed on a slew of economic cooperation and peace projects .
it is his second attempt in the past three months to end his exile .
people do not go to war with people who have saved their children s lives , former senate majority leader bill frist , r tennessee , told reporters at a church in the nation s capital .
the north does not recognize the line and has demanded that it be redrawn .
twelve solders from lynch s unit , the army s th ordnance maintenance company , a non combat unit based at fort bliss , texas , are missing or prisoners of war .
charismatic people are able to see things from another person s perspective .
while trying to enter china from kazakhstan .
two people suffered minor injuries from falling furniture , public television broadcaster nhk reported .
the korea times reports the two leading candidates for the presidency have begun fine tuning their campaigns to market their economic pledges with two months to go before the december th presidential election .
belgium , the netherlands and the canadian provinces of british columbia , ontario and quebec .
indigenous affairs minister jenny macklin said the apology would be the first item of business when the new legislature convened on february .
bangkok , thailand cnn the bodies of migrant workers from myanmar were found wednesday suffocated in a freezer on the back of a truck , police said .
reports by a u . n . human rights expert and a fact finding commission appointed by the philippine president linking soldiers to the killings of left wing activists were one sided and unfair , government and military officials said .
meanwhile in group a , japan scored an injury time equalizer to draw with england in shanghai .
at present we have a tether which is made of carbon nanotube , and has one third or one quarter of the strength required to make a space elevator .
its hawiyah plant produces , barrels a day of ethane and liquefied natural gas .
the tabasco state government said the dam was not in danger , but had no immediate comment on the crocodile rumor .
a giant hangar , one of the world s largest structures , was built in wiesbaden , germany for storage and manufacture of these giant craft .
she had been introduced to the artist through a mutual friend , australian performance artist leigh bowery , who also posed for freud .
iran s leader vowed it will be used for energy and for the expansion of peace and stability , adding that the goal of progress for iran is irreversible .
the bun maker and his assistants then give a demonstration on how the product is made .
he praised the bank as a new tool to fight poverty and ease inequalities and criticized what he characterized as heavy handed lending practices of international lenders who demand austerity prescriptions as conditions for extending credit .
he came on a substitute and scored twice in the win over real mallorca on the final day of the season . the win secured real the primera liga title .
there was a six year gap between the last apollo flight in and the first shuttle flight in .
in its st year , the world s most prestigious film festival sometimes catches heat for including too many glossy hollywood productions , such as past opening night film the da vinci code or action spectacles such as matrix reloaded and x men the last stand .
at this time , and in light of recent events , i believe president bush should not plan on attending the opening ceremonies in beijing , absent major changes by the chinese government .
in a statement sunday , richardson said he asked obama not to move forward with his nomination now .
a senior iranian nuclear official said the iaea report showed tehran had been co operating over its nuclear work .
on wednesday night , cheney launched a scathing attack on politicians who had accused the administration of manipulating intelligence .
ice was retreating to its lowest level since such images were first taken in , according to a report from the associated press .
many of those leaving carried makeshift white flags or waved them from car windows .
indeed , the technique could be used to measure the dna from specimens collected by such naturalists as charles darwin , alexander von humboldt and carl linnaeus .
winehouse was due to appear in a norwegian courtroom to contest the drug charges at the end of february . the hearing was postponed indefinitely , pa said , after the court approved a request from winehouse s lawyer . watch how celebrity drug scandals affect children raquo
the union s , workers had been poised to strike if they did not receive a new contract giving them raises and changing work rules they called demeaning .
iraq s interim government voiced that an election will go ahead .
simply tired of working and too embarrassed to stand on the corner with a tin cup ?
the other possibility was that tidbit had conceived without needing a male at all .
however , buffett is also optimistic , saying the nation s best days remain ahead .
those troops were long considered a tripwire that would ensure u . s . intervention in the event of an attack from the north .
washington and u . s . military leaders have long accused iran of training and equipping insurgents in iraq .
affected by rising flour prices , korea s instant ramen makers announced a price increase of won per packet starting wednesday , a move that saw shoppers clogging stores earlier this week to buy crates of noodles ahead of the increase .
five united states congressmen have written to president bush urging him to punish north korea for continuing with its nuclear weapons program and push for a change of government in the isolated stalinist state .
automaker bmw said wednesday sales soared more than percent as buyers clamored for its mix of bmw sedans , sporty mini and luxury rolls royce cars and said it was on track for higher sales this year .
among republicans , surveys indicate that sen john mccain is ahead of rival candidates in new hampshire .
p . selvakumar told the paper that he had been suffering since he stoned two dogs to death and strung them up in a tree years ago .
a brief hug and minutes of handholding with a romantic partner greatly reduce the harmful physical effects of stress , according to a study reported over the weekend at the american psychosomatic society meeting here .
at an emergency hearing friday , a court commissioner suspended spears right to visit sons sean preston , , and jayden james , .
chamonix shrinks as trees fly by , soon replaced by whizzing rocks , ice and snow , until you reach the top .
dotasia , the organization overseeing the registration , is expecting huge demand for the first domain name extension for the asia pacific region .
it s a very great and hopeful sign .
half the weight
before imposing the state of emergency , musharraf had vowed to hold elections no later than january .
a small girl in rags digging in a roadside ditch stood awe struck by the buses coming her way .
on tuesday , he called for calm and urged his followers not to attack rivals offices .
relative to the world average the figure is not so bad , but very low by regional standards .
in a worn telegram from july , , marlon brando encourages michael jackson before a show
cnn two of turkey s main political parties are pushing for a constitutional amendment to lift bans on headscarves at public universities , a move that has caused concern among turkey s secular population .
it s not easy carrying a pregnancy for nine months , and after that getting a drug from a pharmacy to kill your own child , she says .
thaksin was abroad at the time he was ousted and now lives mostly in london .
in chapter bankruptcy , the company goes out of business fairly rapidly as its assets are sold off to try to satisfy its creditors .
this time , another , white collar jobs are going away .
tarno , , said he s looking forward to games like crysis and has been impressed with the video clips he s already seen .
it was on a visit to nepal that his first wife , louise , , and year old daughter belinda died in a light plane crash march , .
russian space officials are providing the pump to launch aboard discovery on saturday .
lawyers in lahore have been holding rallies every thursday to protest the government s crackdown on the judiciary and imprisonment of lawyers and judges across the country .
ma , of the kuomintang party , had stood on a platform of economic reform and improving relations with china .
so i m totally in the dark at this moment on what this regime is planning to do with me .
the decision created the most serious political crisis here since the orange revolution .
the order for the curfew which is indefinite and also applies to troops relatives came from the top us commander in okinawa , lt gen richard zilmer .
at least four lebanese opposition protesters were killed sunday in the southern suburbs of beirut while protesting the government s electricity rationing , according to lebanese army sources .
a news report says the north korean military has rejected south korea s response to its recent provocations .
the shootings took place about a . m . at a home in crandon , a town of about , people located miles north of milwaukee , wisconsin .
he was granted bail and told not to leave thailand without permission .
sleep driving , along with other less dangerous complex sleep related behaviors like making phone calls , fixing and eating food , and having sex while still asleep .
a string of opinion polls suggests the labor party would sweep howard s conservative coalition from power as he seeks a fifth term in office .
harwich police have had some fun , though .
rove has been subpoenaed to testify before the senate judiciary committee investigating the firings of some u . s . attorneys , but the white house said rove , as an immediate adviser to the president , cannot be ordered to testify .
glacier fed streams flow through the forests , hillsides and over grasslands covered with wildflowers .
the court had ordered dna testing to determine the father of the child , who has been at the center of a paternity dispute since she was born in a bahamian hospital in september .
roulet said the ring had been suggested late in the day by repossi s wife , angela , and that fayed apparently made his decision purely on price and did not look at the ring .
the six , some of whom were in the us illegally , were due to appear in court in camden , new jersey , on tuesday .
french president nicolas sarkozy said france would donate million , and the united states was expected to pledge more than million .
the trial enters its seventh day of testimony tuesday , and the jury could start deliberations this week .
one dream .
dudley described the percent overall increase in fees as unreasonable , since programming rates are declining and the united states is facing terrible economic conditions .
work is a pleasure in tomorrow s office
mattel s last recall , announced on august , covered about million toys worldwide .
i give women things that men normally don t do , like complimenting their appearance , says one host , year old yunosuke , who only goes by his single host name . i make women happy .
i don t want to take the risk of damaging my flight hardware , said john shannon , chairman of the mission management team .
even though people have many more choices as far as leisure activities are concerned , the movies still offers a great form of escape , dergarabedian said .
we are discussing with immigration and foreign ministry officials towards granting them protection .
it was the first oscar win for the year old veteran actor .
raman said that the fighting appeared to have died down late saturday , with reports that the lebanese military was gaining control of sections of the camp .
canadian brigadier general richard blanchette , the chief nato spokesman in kabul , telling ap radio that does not mean paying them off , but rather talking with local elders and reassuring them the military is actually there to help .
we must have had hanky panky in the shark tank , he thought .
in the s , only five percent of in hospital blood infections were from mrsa , the deadly bacteria resistant to nearly every available antibiotic .
i really feel very sad the government demonizes me . i am just a human , i am not a demon .
on sunday family spokeswoman justine mcguinness said the mccanns were returning to britain after careful thought and to give their twins a more normal life .
bernard ntuyahaga was earlier acquitted on two other charges of involvement in the murder of then prime minister agathe uwilingiyimana and killing civilians in the butare district .
dignitaries from around the world are attending the service in st mary s church , which is being televised via satellite links around the world .
but calderon said in his statement , the mexican government will re enforce its head on fight against crime , he said .
no nothing , said williams , who wore boston red sox socks for her run . it did everything i wanted it to do .
and it could have a very negative impact on ford .
they started the company with less than , and watched it grow to what is now a billion public company .
cnn authorities in a northern malaysian city have forbidden muslim women from wearing bright lipstick and noisy high heeled shoes , saying the directive is intended to prevent sexual assaults and illicit sex .
police identified abdulla , , as one of the two men who left two car bombs in central london last friday and rammed an explosives laden vehicle into a terminal at glasgow s airport on saturday .
koreans are shunning ready to eat kimchi . in a survey of housewives in their s by an online shopping mall , lotte . com , percent said they would make their own kimchi this year , an increase of percentage points from a survey a year ago .
it is as serious for him as it is for andreas , team spokeswoman corrine druey said of vinokourov .
hashem is helping fellow returnee ehsanullah omer run kandahar s first and only free computer and english language training center , a project being funded by kandahar s governor to give men and women the ability to acquire the skills afghanistan will need if it wants to fully join the world community .
ciganer albeniz left sarkozy in may to live with attias , but returned to sarkozy s side in the run up to france s presidential elections last spring .
plastic bottles meanwhile are among the most readily recycled plastic products of all , yet in some countries , as much as percent of water bottles end up in landfills .
the mandatory service is an unavoidable source of trouble for young men , as they must suspend studies in colleges or quit their jobs .
clemens testimony to the panel examining performance enhancing drug use in america s pastime also failed to jibe with an affidavit provided by fellow new york yankees ace andy pettitte , who has told the committee that in or clemens told me he had taken hgh .
most of the victims died in the fire , said emergency officials , and dna forensic experts from paris would be needed to identify the bodies .
it was named by the boxing writers association of america and numerous boxing publications as the fight of the year .
the earthquake has left more than , children without their parents and more than , elderly without caregivers , china s state run news agency said sunday .
investigators have spent three months probing allegations that ma mishandled a public fund when he was the popular mayor of taipei .
the illinois senator also proposed amending bankruptcy laws to protect people trapped in predatory or misleading home loans and said that , as president , he d raise penalties on lenders who break home loan laws .
mcilroy turned pro in , aged , having already made a name for himself as a talented young amateur .
the bulldog isn t the only breed that will benefit from revised standards .
find a quiet place even if it s the bathroom and mentally focus on an image that brings you pleasure the ocean , a flower , the sun , your cat
al maliki emphasized his political detachment and fairness .
in our survey , only per cent of americans and per cent of south koreans called the japanese admirable .
and the manner of his comprehensive victory left little doubt that federer , who has won other grand slam titles , may struggle for many years to come in his bid to defeat his nemesis .
wapenaar still receives hundreds of emails every year from people interested in buying his treetent .
he has been at the centre of a scandal over alleged favoritism .
cnn medical producer matt sloane shot video of a security officer pointing a gun at the alleged shooter outside the cnn . com newsroom .
london and washington quickly denied any confrontation , but traders said it was a stark reminder of the risks posed by growing geopolitical angst .
french president nicolas sarkozy said last month that he was debating not attending the opening ceremony .
there has to be close coordination between the u . s . and south korea on this subject , roh was quoted as saying .
i do not believe that it is , and i m a very strong supporter of hillary being placed on ticket as a vice presidential candidate .
huntington , utah cnn rescuers trying to find six miners will begin boring a sixth hole down into utah s crandall canyon mine friday , and the search will stop if no signs of life are found , the coal mine s co owner said .
davis testified tuesday that he was headed to buy cigarettes in the french quarter when he asked a police officer what time a curfew took effect that night .
you feel you ve got a lot to live up to , man , timberlake said about being the new kid on the block in the shrek world .
these are a few examples of li s scientific theories .
a legislation is being written over the weekend and will be before congress next week .
as the pressure mounted wednesday , imran khan , a former pakistani cricket captain who turned to politics , was jailed in lahore after turning up at a student rally .
the democratic presidential candidate left the campaign trail on october and flew to honolulu , hawaii , to spend the day with dunham , whose health deteriorated after she suffered a broken hip .
us army general mark kimmitt says there is no link between the scheduled releases and the prisoner abuse scandal .
i hope it can help patients around the world , he said .
the dow slid . points , or . percent , to close at . the nasdaq and s p suffered similar percentage losses .
kuwait s ministry of communications said the problem could take two weeks to solve , according to a statement carried by the state news agency , kuna .
analysts , however , say that no matter who wins the anc leadership vote the result of which is expected in the coming days the biggest loser will be the party itself , which has been robbed of its moral authority because of the infighting .
hang curtains and a thick rug fabric absorbs sound .
the head of the senate judiciary committee says he will schedule confirmation hearings soon .
wfp head josette sheeran welcomed news of the release .
among the injured were school students . a blast went off at a bus stop .
carl gutierrez was acquitted on charges he used government workers and public money to build and improve his cliffside ranch .
pakistan has made a huge leap backwards in it s struggle towards democracy .
we always felt very welcomed and safe as we spent more time on the ground in mumbai to finalize plans .
with the backing of beijing s cultural heritage administration and unesco , the u . n . cultural organization , lindesay s international friends of the great wall plans to hire local farmers as rangers to pick up garbage and make sure bits of wall aren t carried off .
it was an eyesore in boston harbor that has been turned into something beautiful , said beth jackendoff , a park ranger who lives on the island part time .
several lebanese politicians , including house speaker nabih berri , live in the mainly upper class district .
they have stereotyped gender roles as did their parents , whose traditional values mostly continue to affect their way of thinking .
we must move away from a system that is fragmented and pays for expensive procedures toward one where a family has a medical home . . . where the focus is on affordable quality outcomes .
of those who were seized with yoon , three have returned to south korea in recent years .
you re a great singer , but it might be good to remember that performance tomorrow .
they claim the first drug sodium thiopental which renders the prisoner unconscious , wears off too quickly , and that some prisoners are actually awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues .
india s supreme court barred the media on friday from showing nude photographs of a former bollywood actress , said to have been taken by a camera hidden in the bathroom of the jail where she was imprisoned over a forgery case .
british prime minister gordon brown is meeting today with troops in afghanistan
north korean officials made indirect contact with woori bank , which has a branch at the gaeseong industrial park on the north s side of the border .
the second he got loose from the container and i pulled the container out , it jumped at me .
there are hot baths to draw the tourists to this remote island .
the project to calculate how much money pollution costs china each year , so called green gross domestic product was launched in .
about protesters demonstrated outside rostock s immigration office demanding global freedom of movement and equal rights for all , including refugees and asylum seekers .
seoul city submitted a written opinion to the constitutional court .
seven sri lankan air force personnel have been killed , including an officer and two airmen on the base , a military source said .
prime minister tony blair led his beleaguered labour party into electoral combat for the final time thursday in local and regional elections that , amid his unpopularity , could put scotland on the road toward independence from the rest of britain .
the attacks come after days of sectarian tensions that have left at least dead since wednesday .
park sang cheon , one of the heads of the moderate unified democratic party , tried to stop the exodus .
hamas overpowered fatah forces , taking several of the rival group s strongholds in northern gaza , security sources said .
there s a refreshingly damp cool in the air and a rare italian silence .
the popular fox paranormal drama , which aired from to , starred david duchovny and gillian anderson as fbi agents fox mulder and dana scully
he said that his brother had been hopeful of a good performance at the french open this year .
stephen hawking , the famed mathematician , is seriously ill .
new york cnn anheuser busch companies inc . , the largest u . s . brewer , will take the energy out of its alcoholic energy drinks as part of a nationwide legal settlement , it announced thursday .
several clergymen , police officers and agents of the russian ministry for emergency situations are outside the cave .
while former massachusetts gov . mitt romney won big in nevada , the race there was largely uncontested . romney finished fourth in south carolina after passing up campaigning there to concentrate on nevada .
tevez , , is available for sunday s league season opener against reading but manager alex ferguson said he would more likely to feature against manchester city on august
duff , who has sold more than million albums worldwide , has a new album out april called dignity .
earlier , former american idol contestant jennifer hudson took the award for best supporting actress for her role as effie in dreamgirls at the th academy awards . it was her first film acting role .
he said the amount was paid after guarantees from a third country .
ramallah , west bank ap u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday that it is important for israel and the palestinians to establish a common agenda to move forward on creating a palestinian state .
orlando , florida cnn the creator of the backstreet boys and n sync has agreed to plead guilty to charges he laundered money and made false statements during a bankruptcy proceeding .
recent opinion polls have showed more than percent of lawmakers recognize the need to scrap or amend the vaguely worded , anti communist law , which is aimed at punishing organizers and participants of anti state and pro north korean activities .
and the reason they want a safe haven is to launch attacks against america or any other ally . and therefore , it is important that we show resolve and determination to protect ourselves , to deny al qaeda safe haven and to support young democracies , which will be a major defeat to their ambitions .
it s a horrible time to have to , you know , live through it .
authorities do not know were they came from , but said they were probably not linked to a terror plot .
. soundtrack
the show s title gives me an excuse to take the nation s pulse , says the british born actress , who became a u . s . citizen in after living here more than two decades .
this often happens but usually only for a few hours , maybe a day at most , gao miao , it manager at beijing based consultancy bda china , told reuters .
since the comments did not cease and were , in fact , reiterated mantovani had no choice but to file the lawsuit , lawyer anna maria bernini said , confirming weekend reports in the small daily l informazione , based in pavarotti s hometown of modena .
says he knows why americans are anxious , but he adds anxiety s feeding anxiety , and that makes it hard to see all that s being done to fix the problem .
another research team member , ken nishimura , said the robot could be adjusted to give beauty and relaxation massages .
north korean media has not even once mentioned that the south hosted the th asia pacific economic cooperation apec forum that ended saturday , according to yonhap news agency that monitors the north korean news outlets from seoul .
the temblor vibrated under the celebes sea at a depth of about km miles .
lending further support for the minister s remarks , the bank of korea also raised its target growth rate to . percent in the second half .
in pennsylvania , hunting has long been used to control the bear population , which quadrupled in the s and s .
after an unpublicised change to the route , the chinese ambassador carried the torch through chinatown .
i telephoned juneau , the capital of alaska , and spoke with a specialist who knew about the natives enrollment in the alaska native claims settlement act .
ba said its operating margin rose to percent versus . percent in the same period a year earlier .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
no timetable set in the negotiations , envoys debated who would pay for north korea s disarmament .
an air ambulance took the agents to a hospital .
in soul men , mac and jackson play two background singers who haven t spoken in years .
by , unemployment had reached million .
taliban militants released three south korean hostages on wednesday , the first of captives scheduled to be freed under a deal struck between the insurgents and the south korean government .
it took them far too long .
the pentagon attributed the attacks to al qaeda in iraq and made no reference to the mental conditions of the women .
new york cnn whoopi goldberg says her friend patrick swayze who was recently diagnosed with pancreatic cancer is the reason she won an oscar for ghost .
infants acquire a great deal of social experience between birth and months of age and thus the assumption that this kind of capacity does not require experience is simply unwarranted , lewkowicz told the associated press in an e mail .
eritrea , burundi , comoros , tajikistan , sierra leone , liberia , zimbabwe , ethiopia , haiti , zambia , central african republic , mozambique , tanzania , guinea bissau , madagascar , malawi , cambodia , north korea , rwanda , botswana , niger , kenya .
an immersion experience is the ultimate way of connecting people and animals , said bruce carlson , the aquarium s chief science officer .
the upper end of that range would put sg on the level of the tunguska meteorite , which flattened a wide swath of siberian forest in .
the center for building performance and diagnostics cbpd at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh has built the robert l . preger intelligent workplace
a month later , the united states also froze u . s . based assets of eight north korean firms on suspicions of illegal activities , including counterfeiting , laundering and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
i lucked out . the clear day offered breathtaking views of the snow capped mountains of the lord of the rings land below as we flew toward christchurch on the south island .
alsabah said the couple would appeal the residency rejection .
there are responsibilities that consumers face , they ve got to be responsible , but they also have rights .
beijing , china cnn a pre dawn collision monday between two passenger trains in eastern china killed at least people and injured , a state news agency reported .
the we campaign web site hopes to change that by offering ideas on conserving energy at home and work and guidance for those who want to do more , like writing to their elected officials .
in the midst of these challenging times , we were thrilled to achieve an historic price for an historic diamond , said francois curiel , chairman of christie s europe and auctioneer for wednesday s sale .
inter korean exchanges also have slowed since north korea took steps last month to reactivate a nuclear program that experts say could build atomic bombs .
despite the frosty reception , connecticut sen . chris dodd joined clinton in criticizing obama .
homes and businesses across england are being searched and people questioned after police say a plot to blow up uk flights to the us was disrupted .
at a news conference , bhutto called on the people of pakistan to join protests against president gen . pervez musharraf s statewide emergency rule and his suspension of the country s constitution . watch bhutto talk about the crisis raquo
holder , who is still being vetted , has indicated he will accept the job if it is offered , the sources said .
the ministry termed regrettable the decision of elements of the foreign media to reveal prince harry s service in afghanistan .
bad news , particularly bad news , for new york state , uh , and certainly bad news for the overall employment condition of the u . s .
most national polls show him running third behind sens .
no arrests or injuries were reported . the korea herald reports protest against the impeachment of president roh moo hyun is spreading nationwide among civic groups and voters .
asked about the foreign ministry statement , taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid told cnn the government is lying .
friday , bdmlr said it had seen pictures of the same adult dolphin taken a day earlier near campbelltown , scotland , near the north channel which separates scotland and northern ireland and closer to the north atlantic .
san francisco police combed the city s zoo on wednesday for clues as to how a tiger escaped from its enclosure on christmas and killed a teenager and wounded two others .
there have now been suspicious cjd deaths in the last two years .
she hasn t had a hit record in years , he said , apparently miffed that mtv didn t invite him to open the show .
scots welcome coaching new boy maradona
republicans like it that a democratic president elect is talking tax cuts , but house minority leader john boehner says , there s still a lot of spending in there
the worst toll appeared to come from hungary which said the heat wave , touching . celsius in one part part of the country may have contributed to the early deaths last week of people .
police have been put on high alert to guard against possible violent demonstrations by student activists and civic associations against an international economic meeting currently under way in the capital .
israel defense minister ehud barak , saying it was a mistake and apologizing to ban ki moon .
an indictment against congolese warlord thomas lubanga dyilo asserts that one of his commanders threatened to shoot a year old girl unless she tied the testicles of a prisoner with wire .
homegrown content accounted for percent of the market in compared with percent the previous year .
fighter jets and helicopter gunships attacked rebel tamil tiger positions in northern sri lanka , according to military claims that could not independently verified .
an earthquake powerful enough to be felt throughout most of china left thousands of people dead monday and thousands more trapped
a provincial afghan official in helmand said the men were talking with the enemies of afghanistan .
she can reduce that time by months if she does community service or records a public service announcement , the city attorney s office said .
chinese and south korean residents in u . s . had a demonstration opposing japan s bid for a permanent seat on the u . n .
the win came after five months of sometimes bitter contests with clinton . he now has , delegates , according to cnn estimates .
begin your tour with khreshchatyk street , kiev s calling card , a broad avenue lined with grand stalin era brown brick buildings and chestnut trees .
but the most oft repeated charge the one mentioned at virtually every stop is negative campaigning .
the suspect , robert flores garcia , was arrested monday morning at his home on tenerife island in spain s canary islands .
the news of jeon s win at cannes put the entire nation as well as industry people into a celebratory mood .
young couples kiss in public an act that would have invited disapproving stares , if not a tongue lashing , from old people a decade ago .
nearly years ago , u . s . led forces drove iraqi occupiers from kuwait amid promises of political equality in kuwait , promises that made it easier to sell americans on a distant war to protect a tiny , wealthy autocracy .
the young , talented and headstrong conductor had the same strength of passion for his homeland russia as the hungarian solti had for europe .
barcelona started with ronaldinho , thierry henry and lionel messi in a three pronged attack and betis were soon chashing shadows .
bad news for george w . americans are anxious about the economy and unhappy about the iraq war .
one of the alleged victims in that case may testify tomorrow .
the south korean government said it was maintaining constant contact with the kidnappers and that it is mobilizing effective measures for a solution .
permitting presidents consecutive terms would contribute greatly to promoting responsible politics .
it caught fire after hitting an airport fence as it was trying to land at the airport , the country s civil aviation authority said .
zimbabwe is grappling with hyperinflation now officially estimated at million percent , and its currency is fast losing its value .
these differing views were clarified at the end of the fifth round of fta talks held from dec .
he later said two died there and then added there were six worker deaths in total at all sites , without elaborating on the other four deaths .
the name of the giant palm and its remarkable life cycle will be detailed in a study by kew gardens scientists in the botanical journal of the linnean society published thursday .
an inconvenient truth , which turned gore s lectures on the threat of global warming into a highly touted theatrical release , won the academy award for best documentary feature sunday night .
but with the addition of a hat , usually worn at a jaunty angle , she s become a local , national and even international star .
in the nba , the celtics have now won in a row , and the cavaliers straight at home .
the cardozo was named for one of the first jewish justices on the u . s . supreme court , benjamin cardozo .
moreover , he points out , aggression often carries a subtext of power .
the wedding itself was preceded by a surprise bridal shower for janick .
mehsud operates out of the tribal areas of northwestern pakistan .
even before the wedding , nowick says their relationship had been rocky .
the indian olympic association , which is organizing the flame s run in new delhi on april , has invited several top indian athletes , including bhutia , p . t . usha , milkha singh and gurbachan singh randhawa , for the event .
the south korean government will block any north korean officials suspected of taking part in nuclear weapons programs from entering , unification minister lee jong seok said yesterday .
but before town owner bobby cave signs the deed over , he must ensure the ebay bid is legitimate .
rossellini hopes you ll find the two minute flicks amusing .
this differs from an earlier taliban account that both men had been executed .
definitely it was run and gun , said clements , who with bleyer ran the handheld camera . first and foremost , we were there to entertain the troops .
although zero has been around since the time of the babylonians , it didn t infiltrate western thinking until the th century when italian mathematician , leonardo fibonacci included it in his book liber abaci .
. coffee
the epicenter of the latest quake was under the sea off java s southwestern coast , and buildings shook in surrounding areas as far away as the capital jakarta .
sen . barack obama has said he is torn in his views on the issue .
in london today , he says it could provide a significant boost to economic activity .
the former lorraine motel is now the national civil rights museum in memphis , and its president , beverly robertson , allowed cnn unprecedented access not only to the second floor balcony where king was killed , but also to the museum s remarkable display of the evidence , including ray s rifle and his prison radio , both left behind as he drove away .
the deployment , pledged earlier this year for the northern iraq oil town of kirkuk , was put on hold amid concerns it would involve combat operations in violation of a parliamentary mandate for peacekeeping .
some airlines use the christmas and new year period to discount their business class seats and offer some extra perks .
the book calls the may military coup in by former president park chung hee a revolutionary upheaval which opened the way for korea s current economic development .
bush said it sent a message to the rest of the world that the u . s . was ready to take action to ease the credit crunch .
the terror threat facing the us is getting worse
the warner bros . film displaced last week s box office winner ,
a surprise visit today by the un secretary general .
president bush has expressed condolences to the indian prime minister over the attacks .
deaths in january , in february and in march .
milan coach carlo ancelotti had said beckham could come into contention for a starting berth when his side resume serie a action at roma on sunday following the winter break .
the findings are published in monday s journal of obstetrics and gynecology .
if you re feeling great today , you may end up inadvertently spreading the joy to someone you don t even know .
cnn . com interviewed fossett last year after he published a book about his life s passion for breaking world records , titled chasing the wind .
the revolutionary guard corps , he said , is so deeply entrenched in iran s economy and commercial enterprises , it is increasingly likely that , if you are doing business with iran , you are doing business with the corps .
the two major groups representing developing countries the non aligned movement and the group of wrote separate letters accusing the security council of ever increasing encroachment on the role and responsibility of other u . n . organs .
the recession is leading some people to take the art of being a tightwad to new extremes .
in gaza , palestinian militants armed with deadlier missiles than ever before , have been firing again at israeli border towns .
from military device to life saving surgery tool
bp s chief executive , john browne , resigned tuesday only hours after a judge cleared the way for a newspaper to publish details about his private life .
tourists and locals handed off cameras , taking turns snapping pictures for posterity .
sports were once seen as a luxury in china .
people have been trying to get me out of this race since iowa and my political obituary has yet to be written and we re going forward , she told reporters sunday before leaving puerto rico , where she snared percent of the vote to win the majority of the delegates in the caribbean u . s . territory .
the fate of the camel is not known .
as for schools , the mayor of mexico city says health officials need to finish inspecting them before students can return to class .
north korean cities , such as haeju and nampo , have been spotlighted as candidate sites in which north and south korean companies could jointly invest .
by the end of august , four villages had been affected and people had come down with the illness , including who died .
suu kyi is the daughter of the country s martyred independence leader , gen . aung san .
inside the car , police found an a half dozen latex gloves , mapquest directions from houston to orlando international airport , e mails from shipman to oefelein , diapers
he did not provide any further details , nor a likely publication date .
sales topped . billion , up from the same quarter a year ago .
some of the world s people live in cities , a proportion which is rising rapidly .
if that legend is true , then jack began selling his own tennessee whiskey only three years later
this is what i will give you .
they now have the advantage of playing the second leg of their semifinal against manchester united at home .
the korean international school notified the south korean embassy about the incident and four consular officers arrived at the scene , the embassy said .
u . n . election observers had feared the violence would be much higher .
these ex legislators were among an estimated hostages held in the jungles of southern colombia .
playing politics , the conservative grand national party gnp called on the prosecution to start an immediate investigation into the incident .
the amount far outpaces the million his rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , raised over the same period .
basically , the subprime loan issue still drags on , and there is no prospect of what can end the problem , said shinichi ichikawa , chief strategist at credit suisse of the declines in asian markets .
stickk . com , which launched at the end of january , has about , registered users , karlan said .
diarra adds to real s growing injury crisis
former cia operative john kiriakou also told cnn s american morning that he disagrees with a decision to destroy videotapes of certain interrogations , namely of al qaeda s abu zubayda .
traders today are watching some earnings reports coming in and are selling , the dow now down more than points .
to eat and drink like a local , visit an izakaya essentially , a bar that serves food , usually at a good price .
however , on his second visit he failed to secure a meeting with the country s leader , general than shwe .
in , jay s son tom pritzker took over as chairman .
gunmen kidnapped the three year old daughter of a british man in the nigerian oil city of port harcourt while she was on her way to school , a police spokeswoman said on thursday .
dead , wounded in sadriya market in central baghdad
christopher hill , the united states point man on north korea , suggested on tuesday that washington opposes an inter korean tourism project at mt .
his fourth and final visit .
the summer games .
it will be enforced starting in january .
a u . s . army commander on friday said authorities still can t verify who bombed the iraqi parliament complex on thursday , but al qaeda in iraq probably was involved .
digital video signals the beginning of the merger between pcs and home entertainment , says rick lehtinen , senior analyst for the in stat multimedia group .
the report confirms that we were right to be worried about iran seeking to develop nuclear weapons , and it also shows that the sanctions program and international pressure were having some effect , a spokesman for prime minister gordon brown said .
during his visit to iran , putin is to meet with president mahmoud ahmadinejad and attend tuesday s summit of caspian sea nations .
but as huang yan , the director of the beijing municipal commission of urban planning , sees it , the change is not exclusively related to the olympics .
it s where hardcore online gamers get paid as professionals .
jpmorgan chase chief executive jamie dimon spent most of the week trying to woo bear stearns employees , who collectively own about a third of the company .
the search for life on mars appeared to hit a dead end in when viking landers touched down on the red planet and failed to detect biological activity .
the year old star of sweeney todd , which opens christmas day , talked with the magazine about the lessons he s learned over his two decades in hollywood .
the near simultaneous blasts in balad km north of the capital , injured at least another .
. get pumped with protein
poisoned medicine kills dozens of children in nigeria
the hanaro lg dispute highlights efforts by south korean telecom firms to get through a period of slow growth , stricter government regulations on subsidies for mobile phone handsets and weak consumption caused by an economic downturn .
the shaheen ii is pakistan s longest range ballistic missile system , and has the capability to hit major cities in neighboring india .
we ve got everything heavy rain , heavy sun , volcanoes , earthquakes .
being strip searched was the most humiliating experience of her life and one sunday visit from her parents was especially emotional for her , she said .
obama leads in the race for superdelegates , to clinton s , and he s ahead in the overall delegate count , , to , .
bc card demanded higher fee to wal mart s new pohang outlet .
on sunday , crews were still working to repair scores of traffic lights throughout the city , said donna owens , the city s deputy commissioner of public works .
report of the withdrawal comes three days after reports that prince harry would deploy with his unit to iraq in april or may . full story
dow industrial s up points in early trading .
assistant secretary of state christopher hill , the lead american official at the talks , said the united states will give an unspecified amount of energy assistance to north korea in exchange for north korea freezing its production of plutonium . watch what north korea is demanding
nato said one civilian was wounded during that attack , reuters reported .
mccain sources say palin has gone off message several times , and they privately wonder whether the incidents were deliberate .
the federal government says private enrollment dropped by , students in the current school year , and that s just a preliminary number .
numbers began dropping when the surge strategy took hold and shiite cleric muqtada al sadr suspended the activities of his militia , the mehdi army .
according to ap reports , the body shop also invested in a wind farm in wales as part of its campaign to support renewable energy , and it set up its own human rights award .
rice s meeting with tzipi livni comes after israel approved a plan to expand a west bank settlement , which the us called not helpful .
the year old nowitzki finished third in voting the last two seasons .
the latest victim is believed to be year old sim sung min , one of the remaining south korean hostages .
but costello , who is , ruled out a challenge to the prime minister , saying he would remain in his position .
you cannot expect people to believe in the promise of a better future when they are jailed for peacefully petitioning their government , bush said . and you cannot stand up a modern , confident nation when you do not allow people to voice their legitimate criticisms .
monday will mark the first state visit by a saudi monarch in years .
at the last round of negotiations , in montana this month , korea pushed u . s . officials to limit the scope of duties it could put on products such as steel and semiconductors .
a half hour before tuesday s strike was to begin , sarkozy , fillon and transport minister dominique bussereau met with the directors of the national and regional rail systems as well as the directors of the public electric and gas utility companies edf and gdf .
the president s approval rating has been below percent since october and has not cracked percent since september .
sanchez said state security officers attacked the protesters when they arrived at the church and many of them ran inside .
but after meeting ban on thursday , machimura told reporters that the prospect for a visit by roh looked grim .
the election has been overshadowed by assassinations and attempted assassinations of anti syrian politicians .
this round of talks started amid optimism after the north korean and u . s . envoys held an unusual meeting in germany last month and reportedly reached an understanding .
a three judge bench headed by chief justice k . g . balakrishnan agreed with tulsi .
one of the couple s daughters , dakshina , collapsed in the front row as the verdict was read , prompting the judge to clear the courtroom while medical personnel attended to her .
antarctica is the coldest , driest and windiest place in the world but during the high summer , it can feel decidedly mild .
, the lions leave the woodlands to go hunting in the plains , and the zebras move into the woodlands , moving deliberately and quietly .
how about a little rock lobster for lunch ?
despite widespread worker rights abuses , including child labor and human trafficking , the owner was charged only with employing children under and failing to provide holidays and time off . though these charges are serious , they were treated as first time labor code violations .
we have the same target , we have the same way of thinking about the product and it helps a lot of because we have a product that is very important .
later on sunday , a large explosion sent a plume of black smoke above beirut .
the international organization for migration is distributing blankets , sweaters and shawls to , internally displaced families in three camps in herat province ,
his associates peter atkinson of oakville , ontario , jack boultbee of victoria , british columbia , and mark kipnis of northbrook , illinois were also due to be sentenced on monday .
said the move by the united states completely reverses the communist nation s decision to halt its dismantling process .
the european union is also laying out recycling rules for all electronic devices .
open it up , take a seat , switch on your laptop and you re good to go .
seeing little blue penguins muster at nightfall at the southern ocean s edge for their ritual march to their nests .
milan goalkeeper dida has been cleared to play in next month s champions league match at shakhtar donetsk after partially winning his appeal to uefa against a two match ban .
under many such laws , the interlock requirement extends to first time offenders driving while highly intoxicated or with a blood alcohol level of . percent or higher .
of kuwait s , citizens , the excluded include people under and naturalized citizens of less than years standing .
not only are retail customers not buying at the local dealership , but we re seeing a fall off in commercial vehicles , big trucks , that kind of thing .
some laptops are having battery problems
nadh acts like a spark plug to create energy in cells that may translate into improved brain functions .
indonesia is the world s most populous muslim nation .
our enemies in iraq have been hit hard , the president will say , according to excerpts released by the white house .
the soldiers found evidence suggesting the guards fired on cars attempting to leave and found weapon casings on the scene matching only those used by u . s . military and contractors , the military source said .
unfortunately , it s not a bottom yet , and you know , as we remind people in chicago , we can get a degree day in the middle of winter , and a thaw in early spring , and still a snow in may .
they say the cuts , with conditions attached , will be announced by the president in a major tv address .
many on wall street had expected a weaker report from google due to fears that the slowing economy was weighing on sales .
three bombs wednesday in baghdad struck the convoy of the polish ambassador to iraq , wounding the diplomat and killing three others in the entourage , including one of his bodyguards , authorities said .
the others were rookies , including ramon , the year old israeli air force colonel .
there ll be time for questions afterwards if you think the doctor s diagnosis is wrong .
spitzer resigned when a leak identified him as a client of the ring .
they will meet again at uefa headquarters january .
the country s acting finance minister , patrick chinamasa , made the announcement in a government gazette released saturday .
south america s political heavyweights clashed over ethanol , exposing a rift on monday at an energy summit that host venezuelan president hugo chavez hoped would cement anti u . s . unity .
almeida said ibama believes the increase in snakes is a result of rising deforestation by loggers , ranchers and developers in the amazon jungle surrounding the belem urban area .
the body , whose age at time of death is estimated at between and years old , was found by two german mountaineers in a glacier on the italian austrian border .
two police officers working at the festival were thrown off their motor scooters when they drove in front of the car in an attempt to stop it . they suffered minor injuries .
some children are kidnapped from their schools or their beds , some are recruited after seeing their parents slaughtered , some may even choose to join the militias as their best hope for survival in war torn countries from colombia , and across africa and the middle east , to south asia .
president elect barack obama has chosen former sen . tom daschle to be secretary of health and human services , and the former senate majority leader has indicated he wants the job , three sources close to the transition told cnn wednesday .
a lot of people want a piece of history on inauguration day , and california senator dianne feinstein , in charge of planning , is asking ebay and maybe craigslist to not list tickets for sale for the big event
that is nearly double the billion in direct war costs the white house requested so far from congress , the joint economic committee said .
a majority of the senators on the foreign relations committee , including six of the panel s republicans , have expressed serious doubts about president bush s decision to deploy additional troops .
the head of england s professional footballers association also issued a warning to the game s highly paid stars .
petersburg got a major face lift for the festivities , which are to culminate over the weekend with a russia european union summit and a meeting between putin , the city s most famous living native son , and u . s .
authorities had earlier said a boiler at the spa had exploded .
at least five people , including three soldiers , were injured and hospitalized in the incident , and the sri lanka air force launched retaliatory strikes against rebel targets in the northern wanni region .
we re likely to have plenty of company on the tours because kids are applying to and visiting more colleges , the national association for college admission counseling reports .
prosecutors contended libby disclosed plame s covert profession to reporters as part of a plan to discredit her husband , joseph wilson , a former ambassador who alleged in a july new york times editorial that the bush administration twisted some intelligence in the run up to the iraq war .
it is only the fourth time bush has used his veto power in the course of his presidency .
at the national association of broadcasters nab industry conference , the software giant is expected to announce that several behind the scenes audio and video production companies will make some of their products compatible with microsoft s windows media player format .
it provides tax relief for of americans and targets investments in key areas .
he could take , of the original cash seized , plus , in donations as long as he didn t talk publicly and left the country immediately .
pittsburgh scored a victory over arizona , in one of the best super bowl games ever a contest that included the longest play ever
the government is reporting an unexpected jump in new housing construction last month .
utilities in oklahoma reported nearly , homes and business without electricity during the afternoon sunday .
politico s alex burns says ahead of last night s vp debate cracks were beginning to develop in palin s performance as a national candidate .
antoine ghanim , of the maronite phalange party , died with at least six others in the sin al fil district .
the latest incarnation is a thoroughly modern santa
seventeen people , including some children , were wounded by live bullets sunday as a commando parachute infantry regiment demonstrated a hostage extraction exercise at a military open house in carcassonne , france , in the country s southwest , according to the french military s web site .
. . . there has not been a lot of publicity . it s very interesting , but certainly it has been very , very offensive , not only for the catholics in mexico , but all catholics worldwide .
wilson and anderson have worked together for more than a decade , in pictures including the royal tenenbaums .
kim hun tae , president of the seoul based campaign research center , predicted that it will be a close race because park is surging ahead at a fast pace as a series of revelations have lost the former seoul mayor ground .
he also whacked jones year old cousin , michael jones or master mormi hehol bruising his thigh , in the march incident .
he immediately understood that his teacher li hong zhi had protected him .
in louisiana , crews on the set of k ville , a fox police drama set in post katrina new orleans , were filming the last episode written before the strike .
it should be noted that there was not a piece of paper on the bathroom floor , nor did craig pick up a piece of paper , karsnia wrote .
but we have to caution you and ourselves that we can t rush to judgment on it because there are a lot of things in this business that look like the smoking gun but turn out not even to be close .
we have made contact with the guild , unger said . we want to be able to do the kind of oscar show that we always do , and we want to create the circumstances that will allow us to do that .
eyewitness neil jones said the plane had made a very , very unusual approach to the airport and sounded louder than usual , pa reported .
no tennis tournament has ever offered higher prize money than wimbledon in , tim phillips , chairman of the all england club said .
most viewers are unaffected by the film , but for those who are , experts say the problem is in their heads .
cnn a judge in malaysia sentenced an indonesian man to five years in prison for burying his day old baby alive in a jungle , a local newspaper reported tuesday .
the man and woman were attacked after they met so she could retrieve an old photograph of herself from him , according to al lahim .
many colombians are donating food , medicine and blankets , which the red cross has taken to emergency sites .
it was extremely upsetting footage , prosecutor david gittins told bbc news outside plymouth crown court .
this makes it especially difficult for the albatross population to survive because the birds lay eggs only once every two years a very low reproductive rate compared to other birds , madge said .
stop at the visitor center before heading to an observation platform , or hike trails to see the deer .
i was so happy about that . from his black leather clad hands to his wild , psychotic eyes , an air of cool , remorseless detachment envelops him .
after completing years of military service , general cha , who is , retired saturday .
if the mission is extended from days to days as planned , thanks to a new station to shuttle power converter , she ll have a chance to answer questions from students in two other states .
and doctors in india say they have performed appendectomies through the mouth .
exports have been growing at an annual rate of more than percent but analysts expect that may fall as low as zero in coming months as global demand weakens .
. . . what s also nice is we go through this transformation , where we kind of literally rip off our feminine things to fight .
john travolta got the role instead and , almost overnight , transformed from a hollywood has been into one of the most bankable stars in the business .
adra said , however , he could not officially confirm the identity , according to the ap .
the princess had half turned round in relation to her initial position and her head was between the two front seats , facing sideways and she could see her boyfriend just in front of her , the officer said .
colombian president alvaro uribe on wednesday defended his country s actions last month , when his military forces attacked a leftist rebel camp inside ecuador , a move widely interpreted as a violation of its territorial sovereignty .
jonathan atkins , of the governors highway safety association .
we have been disciplined about balancing investments with cost management all year , and have now set in motion initiatives to reduce costs and enhance productivity , said yahoo co founder and ceo jerry yang in a written statement .
president george w . bush and afghan president hamid karzai agreed monday that they would make no concessions to the taliban to win freedom for the south koreans , reuters reported .
first get everything up off the floor , store the things that warrant it and trash the things that don t .
the vcr has helped shape the slouchy postmodern man
after playing primarily romantic leads , lee says playing a villain was a refreshing experience for him and something he d been thinking about for his entire acting career .
that afternoon , when cooper s husband went shopping , the man paid her a visit , mitchell said .
rescue workers were called in tuesday by the nurse , who determined the year old man needed medical help , fire chief tom cochran said .
when the indigenous tribes first converted to christianity , the locals named their children after the missionaries who preached to them .
later , as he made a presentation , clooney said , our hope is that all of the players involved will lock themselves in a room and not come out until they finish . we want this to be done .
park at least gave a passive approval to the plan , the report said , but the panel could not prove he directly ordered the kidnapping .
you don t get legislation through in the first days , it gets considerably tougher .
bush said the pair had had a constructive meeting , in which putin suggested using a radar station in azerbaijan instead of facilities elsewhere in europe .
drug maker novartis ag said thursday it will cut , jobs worldwide by in an attempt to save . billion in costs .
on thursday evening , iowans will gather at more than , locations across the state to choose delegates , the start of a selection process that will culminate in the democratic and republican national nominating conventions next summer .
the year old leader has not been seen in public since the middle of august .
only six times in the year history of the guild awards has the winner failed to go on to receive the directing oscar .
unlucky goalkeeper petr cech dealt chelsea s champions league plans a blow after suffering a facial injury that has delayed his comeback by two weeks .
republican vice presidential nominee sarah palin has taken off the gloves .
this operation recently passed a significant milestone as it racked up more than one million individually identifiable computers known to be part of one bot net or another .
i just want to say hello to everybody
the leader s unannounced visit signals the start of what britain hopes will be the transition from a military mission in iraq to one aimed at aiding iraq s economy and providing jobs .
the team hoped to persuade the insurgents to free without condition the christian volunteers they kidnapped from a bus days ago in ghazni , south of kabul .
the conflicting exchanges with undersecretary of state marc grossman at a house hearing reflected the difficult balance the u . s . government is trying to strike as it moves closer to the june handover of power to an as yet unnamed interim iraqi government .
as of the end of , the won fell . percent against the u . s . dollar .
last year , the group struck a deal with chavez to release three of them gonzalez , rojas and emanuel , rojas year old son by one of the rebels .
macau a former sleepy backwater has become a tourist hotspot in recent years as several big name u . s . casino operators such as las vegas resort owners sheldon adelson and steve wynn develop the retail and gambling industry .
the results did rule out that tut was violently murdered but stopped short of definitively concluding how he died around b . c . experts for the time though suggested that days before dying , tut badly broke his left thigh , apparently in an accident , that may have caused a fatal infection .
seventeen people are indicted , all having to do with troubling conditions at the montague county jail when it was under the control of former sheriff bill keating .
rumors of the couple s wedding plans have circulated since they applied for a marriage license last week .
the dead included five men and a woman , according to a tokyo metropolitan police officer . the gender of the seventh person was not immediately known .
in a written statement , unmin confirmed there were fatalities , and said it would have more details once its team arrived at the crash site .
rogge identified two key issues facing the ioc
the information is then compressed and sent over telephone lines to the customer s house , where a decoder converts the signal back to full motion video .
abrantes isn t alone . dating sites like match . com , which says it has a membership of more than million , are growing in popularity .
and the best way to do that is to send astronaut teachers into american schools to share their space flight experience .
to the south , travelers also spent the night in the portland , oregon , airport after airlines canceled many flights on sunday .
the frantic search continues for children thought trapped in what was once their school in haiti .
and do you know something ?
the report laments that , in many cases , candidates seemed unduly reliant on short sentences , simple tenses and a limited vocabulary .
the question of human rights should not be delinked from other problems , she said .
we will openly express that we expect urgent steps from the united states , which is our strategic partner and ally and has a special responsibility regarding iraq , erdogan said .
the goal here is to look at growing food crops in small spaces , he said .
people s sexiest man alive list began in with mel gibson .
the incident occurred in mbc s live television show , music camp .
i think we ve got to bear in mind the views around the world that the olympics should go ahead as a sporting occasion .
a report prepared by the u . n . food and agriculture organization for a summit in rome next week said the countries are vulnerable because they suffer from chronic hunger and are forced to import food and fuel .
the surgery means carlo cudicini will continue in goal at least for the return clash against turkey s fenerbahce , with chelsea trailing after the first leg .
the main opposition republican people s party , led by deniz baykal agreed on alliance terms with the democratic left party this week , following pleas for them to unite at the previous demonstrations .
the project started at the chicago tribune , where both joyce and watkins work .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul has withdrawn from the race to be turkey s president after supporters were unable to gather the necessary two thirds quorum in the parliament for a vote on his candidacy .
wall street opened lower this morning on news of more unemployment and less consumer spending .
they visit third placed netherlands on september .
post olympics beijing is a vastly changed landscape from the one that existed in when the city won the bid .
the last thing i remember , is what the guys told me that i was out , yelling i was out on the floor and i wasn t breathing .
a panel of as yet unnamed judges will then review the top ideas and announce up to five winners in mid february .
while the big dog was able to pull himself out of the water , his tail froze to the ice .
ruic sent thiesen s address to lopez .
in a speech marking the th anniversary of the march independence movement against japanese colonial rule , roh strongly criticized tokyo s mishandling of its wartime misdeeds , including japanese leaders repeated visits to the controversial yasukuni shrine honoring war criminals .
it will be the first international monitoring team to be given access to the yongbyon plant since .
but the south korean agency yonhap said officials from both koreas had agreed to the proposal , first tabled last month , when they met in macau on the sidelines of the east asian games .
experts predict that another test would cause u . n . member states to sharply shore up the level of sanctions outlined in the unsc resolution .
the bulk of the effort will have to come from vehicle motor technology through an average fleet target for new cars , insisted eu spokesman johannes laitenberger , stressing the overall target is still grams .
officials offered no evidence of a link between the two attacks .
about fifteen minutes later , another car bomb detonated at a fuel station in southwestern baghdad , killing at least two civilians and wounding seven others , the official said .
dataplay inc . , the boulder , colorado , company behind the technology , is counting on prerecorded discs
the exiled spiritual leader of tibet spoke at a news conference sunday in dharamsala , india , two days after violent clashes between pro autonomy demonstrators and chinese security forces in lhasa , the tibetan capital .
one bodyguard , cesar julio camera , , pushed henderson against the wall until wynn security intervened and asked henderson to leave , the statement said .
i love it and can t recommend it any more highly although sleep is nonexistent .
time convincing nato allies to declassify this sensitive , secret video for wide release .
he was interrupted a number of times by applause .
the , job cuts come on top of the , announced at the end of last year .
carole johnson , whose daughter was killed , says the compensation doesn t bring closure .
as expected , after it opened it was elbow to elbow , the history says . the comfort women . . . had some resistance to selling themselves to men who just yesterday were the enemy , and because of differences in language and race , there were a great deal of apprehensions at first .
the province is regarded as a major trading route between the two countries , the ap reported .
the junior lee , who is , presented himself before the counsel in the morning .
according to statistics compiled by the korean film council kofic , only out of films produced in were shot on hd , and none was among the top three grossers of the year
those who remain under arrest in chad are six members of the french charity , four chadians and four remaining members of the flight crew .
well , you know , the buzzword for it is neoconism , scowcroft said on cnn earlier this month .
john edwards , bill richardson , dennis kucinich and mike gravel are also competing for the democratic nomination .
washington cnn federal prosecutors tuesday urged a florida judge to sentence actor wesley snipes to three years in prison and fine him million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties .
the town also includes a pavilion , an year old dance hall , a tractor shed , a three bedroom house , plus peach and pecan orchards .
roughly , british troops are there now .
the knee said no , the year old said .
the warning came as a german journalist and his afghan translator were kidnapped in eastern afghanistan overnight .
this at least is not more bad news , and potentially could be a sign that we re somewhere around the bottom .
there was plenty of new technology on display at the show .
he had battled liver cancer for several months and traveled to the united states in an unsuccessful attempt to get a transplant .
peter judge of the massachusetts emergency management agency says mother nature isn t helping with repairs .
over percent of automatic teller machines across the country will accept the new notes , according to local banks .
virgin atlantic sponsored the globalflyer , which fossett flew in during the first nonstop , solo flight around the world without refueling .
flemington became the first new jersey community to prosecute teens for smoking in .
mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination .
the foreign ministry said yesterday that it wanted to take the fun out of foreign travel for what it called ugly koreans .
he said the army will have to shut down bases and start furloughing between , and , civilian workers by mid february if congress does not clear the funds .
the museum also has the secret formula d theater , a movie ride in which the audience dons d glasses and gets bumped , blown with air and sprayed with mist during the show .
its legacy is , u . s . troops still on south korean soil , and months of military service for every south korean male .
under international cycling union uci regulations leading competitors are required to make themselves available for out of competition testing .
hill on tuesday defended the deal , saying it is different from the policy developed under the clinton administration because it is a multilateral agreement .
take restaurants , for example .
in softening its demand for a full declaration from north korea , the united states concluded it is more important to get north korea to surrender its weapons grade plutonium than risk the deal fall apart all together , officials said .
but australia and other nations say the same research goals could be achieved using non lethal methods , and call the research program a front for commercial whaling .
the year old broker , whose name was not released , was arrested and detained yesterday along with chinese nationals who will be immediately deported , the office said .
the officers smelled alcohol and administered a field sobriety test , which lohan failed , lindsey said .
b . b . bell , commander of the u . s . forces korea usfk , said the north s test launch of short range missiles in recent months were successful enough to pose a grave threat to the armed forces and south koreans , a view apparently not shared by the us state department nor the south korean government .
relationships in second life
canadian prime minister stephen harper said monday that the country s foreign minister has resigned for leaving classified documents in a nonsecure location .
as the five day world economic forum wrapped up in the remote ski resort of davos , the event s co chairs gathered for one last effort to steer the agenda away from market turmoil and promote its goals of achieving positive global change .
i think people are pretty interested in the future of the personal computer .
investors around the world have been jittery for weeks about a u . s . slump , which would likely weaken demand for exports and drag on global growth .
pope benedict xvi on thursday again acknowledged the pain the catholic church s sexual abuse scandal has caused and reached out personally to some of the victims .
clarke says posed no threat . however , he refused to put all the blame on the bush administration .
police in pakistan fired tear gas at stone throwing protesters after authorities tried to detain the opposition leader nawaz sharif .
police complied , in part to avoid violence in a downtown area of the shaanxi province .
china s railways and roads are the lifeblood for its manufacturing sector , one of the fastest growing in the world .
past space wanderers have already tested the space road , including asteroids and comets .
if you have a fever , headache and runny nose , you might go to google and type the words flu symptoms to see whether you ve come down with influenza .
he worked for an interior decoration company .
the kidnapping , on august th , , is one of south korea s most infamous events .
the missing man was the gunner on a tank attacked in a pre dawn raid by militants from a meter tunnel under the gaza border fence near the kerem shalom crossing , israeli military officials said .
ford will show off current models under its econetic label that produce a lower level of emissions .
the boats were hailed and warned by a native arabic speaker using a bullhorn to warn them to turn away , the embassy statement said .
this comes just one day after detroit became the first nfl team ever to go winless in a game season .
i think we see bacteria that are literally laughing at all the antibiotics .
the woman , in her mid s , was estranged from her children in madrid and no one had reported her missing .
most indian bottles cost around , making them far more affordable than foreign wines , which can cost several times what they would in europe or the u . s . due to heavy taxes and import duties .
there were also no reports of damages , as the quakes were centered far from land .
five dead in an apparent murder suicide early this morning in miami
many people are believed dead , an official said .
daniel day lewis was named best dramatic actor for the historical epic there will be blood , in which he plays a baron of california s oil boom in the early th century whose commercial interests put him at odds with a young preacher .
the seoul young men s christian association said yesterday it had filed class action suits against both kt and hanaro telecom for allegedly making illegal agreements to fix prices .
we must now set clear targets to reverse this trend . the iucn study also showed that percent of the mammals currently listed as facing possible extinction are showing signs of recovery in the wild .
obama was projected to take vermont , but the contest in texas was too close to call .
we need to think about whether the gnp has the right political orientation and has faithfully fulfilled its commitments , lee , former mayor of seoul , said in a meeting with key post holders .
under her tenure , the company s revenue grew from million to more than . billion .
clinton also now trails obama when it comes to the support of superdelegates , and her campaign is million in the red .
police in lahore lifted the house arrest against opposition leader benazir bhutto friday , allowing the former prime minister to go free for the first time since tuesday .
but when the fed , ecb and bank of england announced that they were joining with other central banks to ramp up efforts to provide more relief in the credit crisis , making as much as billion in cash available to cash strapped financial institutions , the euro dropped as low as . .
after a winter lull in violence , both militant attacks and military operations have escalated this spring .
the grand jury declined to charge the husband with murder , the charge on which he was arrested by police .
kim , who was , first went to iraq in june of last year as a translator for a korean trading company , gana general trading co , and was due to come home next month to celebrate his father s th birthday .
world leaders and lebanese politicians have condemned the bomb attack that killed an anti syrian lebanese mp in a mainly christian suburb of beirut .
sooner or later the question will wind up in your department .
instead , the government plans to reduce the nation s dependence on energy and develop more alternative resources , the ministry said at a cabinet meeting chaired by president roh moo hyun .
last summer , the couple appealed the ruling but also lost it .
in addition to those killed and missing , up to soldiers were reported wounded in sunday s ambush .
myanmar s military junta said in mid october that it had detained more than , people during the crackdown .
they work solely for money .
new southern cooking doesn t get any tastier .
a few hours after justice alberto chaigneau of the supreme court made the announcement on chilean tv , fujimori was in a helicopter beginning the journey home .
high food and , until recently , energy prices have also pinched extra spending money .
in a written statement , a representative of u . n . secretary general ban ki moon said he condemned the killings and demands a thorough investigation by the authorities .
internet giant yahoo has been accused of supplying information to china which led to the jailing of a journalist for divulging state secrets .
a hazy ring of dark matter spawned by a colossal cosmic crash eons ago offers the best evidence to date that vast amounts of this mysterious stuff reside in the universe , scientists said tuesday .
the page ruling said that knox , in her meetings with prosecutors , accused lumumba of killing kercher .
classmates took turns taking the teddy bear home with them , accompanied by a diary with the bear s name written in the front of it , boulos said . all this is a very sensitive area .
the korea times reports that in its recent survey of foreigners by the consumer protection board , percent of them complained about being discriminated against or inconvenienced as consumers .
the missing text contains the names and ranks of all of they american military personnel involved in the killing of nicola calipari , the italian agent who was given a state funeral and awarded italy s highest medal of valor .
the more the surface melts , the faster the ice sheet moves towards the ocean .
they were reopened wednesday .
with thursday s announcement , microsoft is hoping to make it easier for software developers to make products that work well with the vista computer operating system , office word processing application and other key microsoft products .
the new order will remain in effect until a february hearing , in which simpson s attorneys must provide the former football star s financial records if they want to ask the court to make an exemption on his spending .
initially bearing winds of km h mph , krosa has weakened to a tropical storm after coming ashore , chinese officials say .
internet clubs and p p sites have been the playground for personal data dealers who gain private information like resident registration numbers , the korean version of north american social security numbers .
federer did manage to save a couple of break points in the opening game but he was soon in trouble again as nadal hit a series of forehand winners .
they have also scheduled a world premiere at a concert in the chapel on may , when four singers will be accompanied by eight musicians playing the piece on mediaeval instruments .
idris osman was handed over to the care of wfp staff in the somali capital early tuesday , brenda barton said .
u . s . officials have said intelligence indicates that bin laden and other senior al qaeda leaders are operating freely in pakistan s tribal region near the border with afghanistan .
separately , daily nk reported sunday that north korean guards along the border with china had fled the country to avoid arrest for allegedly helping north korean defectors cross the border .
blagojevich could be impeached by a legislative committee as early as next week .
the korea exchange bank management deliberately undervalued the bank to facilitate the sale to u . s . based equity fund lone star funds , state auditors concluded yesterday .
another good bet if you ve been gazing at the eiffel tower is the unassuming le comptoir de eme avenue de la motte picquet , , for well presented bistro favourites at reasonable prices .
my attitude is that senator clinton can run as long as she wants , the illinois senator said .
the spokesman said that of the victims were treated so brutally they can t be identified .
about , nato peacekeepers patrol the province , which is roughly the size of belgium or connecticut , and visitors can count on plenty of warm balkans hospitality .
cnn a judge sentenced six french aid workers to eight years hard labor wednesday after convicting them of trying to kidnap children in the central african country of chad .
retailers are reeling after this morning s report that their sales were up . last month , with auto sales down nearly .
his secret police force was notorious for torturing and killing ugandans they believed to be political opponents .
a bomb attached to a guards cabin at the algerian embassy in western baghdad exploded wednesday night and wounded five guards .
of the , adults polled last week , . percent wanted the current system to be revised despite the expected financial cost , according to the survey conducted on the occasion of the th hangul day which falls on oct .
the king and queen of spain , who visited in , will be invited back .
defense minister yoon kwang ung plans to brief president roh on the results of the study on the system in january and then the government will decide whether to implement it .
kelud , on java island about miles east of the capital , jakarta , is one of the most active of indonesia s estimated active volcanoes .
credit card spending tumbles in first half .
nearby , year old resident gertrude leblanc relaxed on a porch swing as dozens of journalists swarmed about .
japan took years to make a similar transition starting in , when it had a per capita income of about , , compared with south korea s , today .
japan s meteorological agency had warned of a possible localized tsunami heading towards the philippines , but nothing was later reported .
royal dutch shell , europe s largest oil company , reported a . billion yearly net profit on thursday , due to divestments and higher oil prices .
like other aussie cities , sydney is walker friendly , with tons of shops and closed street malls .
the u . s . summit will touch on the ongoing war in iraq , for which japan has provided noncombat military support , as well as the six nation talks on reining in north korea s nuclear program , shiozaki said .
local officials said at least people were killed .
the malaysian state of penang says it will no longer follow a controversial central government policy favoring ethnic malays above other citizens .
he said sudan wanted to destabilize chad s government .
but louis tomson , president of the development corporation , said thursday that something based on one of the nine plans will be built .
his trial is set to begin on april .
that agreement , reached in doha , qatar , under the mediation of an arab league committee , paved the way for the election .
a second tornado struck colonial heights , about miles northwest , near richmond , injuring at least people , he said .
negative approaches for winning the april legislative elections are most notable in media commercials of the major political parties .
for personal reasons , jin renqing requested to resign . the central government agreed to his request and approved appointing him to be deputy director of the development research center of the state council , the spokeswoman said .
our thoughts at this very difficult time are with the friends , family and colleagues of those who have been killed and injured , isaf spokeswoman lt . col . bridget rose said .
researchers are testing an implantable microsensor that can send data to a hand held receiver outside the body , alerting doctors to a potential medical crisis , without using any wires or batteries .
the incident occurred in the fletcher cove area of solana beach near a popular surf spot known as table tops , one of the main access areas to solana beach , said sheriff s lt . mike mcclain .
none of the people aboard a kenya airways flight survived its crash into a thick mangrove swamp over the weekend , an official said monday after returning from the water filled crater left by the plane .
police officers approached all of them with guns drawn , the lawsuit said .
atlanta , georgia cnn it was one of the greatest humanitarian acts in history .
the statement also warned of catastrophic consequences if increased surveillance by japan effectively marked the beginning of economic sanctions against north korea .
the tragicomic about schmidt features him as an aging man searching for meaning at the end of his life .
a bloody rampage between rival australian biker gangs leaves one man dead at the sydney airport .
the next part of the research will be identifying and isolating epithelium stem cells from a human thymus .
but a uk police investigation concluded in that the paris car crash was an accident and not an elaborate murder plot .
at least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on monday .
the fire broke out around a . m . in central wenzhou city and took more than firefighters and fire engines to extinguish it , xinhua reported .
the uk foreign secretary , david miliband , said i was saddened , if not surprised , to learn that the burmese government has , once again , decided to extend the house arrest of aung san suu kyi . along with some , other political prisoners in burma , aung san suu kyi lost her freedom for simply expressing a desire to bring democracy to burma .
i need you to close the deal .
california fires force thousands to evacuate
the number one movie at the weekend box office got off to a record breaking start
now , experts are warning that photocopiers could be a culprit as well .
the reform of the national pension system has stalled in the face of political wrangling .
however , white house spokesman gordon johndroe confirmed that president george w bush had spoken to blair .
he called the court proceedings , in his words , theater , and said that the real criminal is president bush .
but his four daily meals will be reduced to three and extras like croissants will need to be dropped , ochs said .
every member of the pakistan team was fingerprinted before returning home , sparking anger among many in pakistan .
a majority of the money , million , was raised online , the campaign said .
the eu is trying to implement a dual track approach to cuba making an overture to the government while also keeping up its efforts to support dissidents .
the disabling of these facilities is a sign that the north koreans may , in fact , be ready to make a strategic choice , she said at a briefing in washington .
he does tell fox that baghdad will be able to take control of the country .
he supposed that if gravity could reach to the top of a tree to make an apple fall to the ground , perhaps it would reach into orbit and beyond to affect the orbit of the moon .
a shaft elevator malfunctioned , trapping , workers underground for almost two days .
off the electricity and they threw chairs at the other workers who tried to switch it on , one said .
this is a strong message which amplifies the action of the house and reflects the overwhelming sentiment of the american people , said sen . jack reed , d rhode island .
al qaeda in iraq claims to have brought it down , though the us military has indicated it may have been mechanical failure .
the consitutional court also banned at least one of the people power party s ruling coalition partners , effectively dismantling the government over allegations of vote rigging .
a source said tuesday that discussions have been under way between korea and the united states for bush s visit to seoul .
the air breathing mammals sometimes die after they find themselves stranded in shallow waters , mansur said . the construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of bangladesh .
his comments thursday provoked widespread criticism from politicians , including uk prime minister gordon brown , who dismissed the idea .
ebert will watch the ninth annual overlooked film festival , which begins wednesday night at the university of illinois at urbana champaign , from the audience i will be wearing a gauze bandage around my neck , and my mouth will be seen to droop .
rafael abreau of the usgs said there were no reports of damage from the earthquake , which was centered about . miles . kilometers below ground , and about miles kilometers south southwest of mexico city .
the attack raised the dutch death toll in afghanistan to since the government made the unpopular decision to send , troops to fight in the nato force in august .
i don t think anyone read the magazine because it was big .
lava edged with black crust inched through the eastern congolese city of goma , nearly two days after mount nyiragongo erupted , killing more than people and forcing half a million people to flee .
there is no reason to panic , he told cnn ibn . everything is under control .
craig s blue eyes were clearly visible through the crack in the door , minneapolis st .
and others have courtyards open to the public .
ultimately , herter s daughter , erica , decided against the rhode island school of design her grandmother s alma mater and where her family had hoped she d enroll .
adjust to your destination as soon as you get one the plane
and there s plenty of room for growth , as only about in every chinese has internet access .
the military junta refused to hand over power .
and the disagreements that we have with your government we wish to resolve peacefully through dialogue .
the growth forecast for the second half is predicted low .
ultra nationalist challenger tomislav nikolic led pro western incumbent boris tadic in serbia s presidential election sunday , according to exit polls , but a runoff appeared certain in a race dominated by kosovo s push for independence .
nearly members of congress , a retired general supporting john kerry and other partisans joined in a pledge to tell the whole truth when president bush doesn t .
she added that she did attend her aunt s funeral .
he is the military head of jemaah islamiyah , the indonesian group linked to al qaeda which has been blamed for the deaths of hundreds of westerners and civilians .
that i ll just use it for research .
we will instead focus our efforts on supporting the preliminary inquiry under way , where facts can be gathered without bias or influence and later disseminated in an appropriate fashion , it said .
government officials announced saturday that the founder and leader of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia farc manuel marulanda , alias tirofijo sureshot died in the jungle of cardiac arrest in march .
in a book to be published next week , mr greenspan says mr bush ignored his advice to veto out of control bills that sent the us deeper into deficit .
dubai palm opens with star studded party
the judge appointed a guardian , miami attorney richard milstein , to protect the interests of smith s infant daughter , dannielynn .
there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own .
cnn for some , valentine s day can be heavenly . for others , it s just plain hell .
. not networking
inspectors from the united nation s nuclear watchdog arrived tuesday in seoul to take a final look at controversial south korean uranium and plutonium experiments conducted from the early s before deciding whether to report the activities to the u . n .
jon , it s the latest economic u turn for president bush , who loathed the idea of intervening in markets and had resisted earlier calls for extra jobless coverage .
kyaw thu had openly supported the protest and set up a support committee offering food , water and medical treatment to the monks who participated .
australia is one of the few western nations with close diplomatic links with north korea .
that message urged al qaeda in iraq and other groups in that country to unify their forces and speak with one voice , that of the islamic nation . the message included no dated references , making it impossible to determine when it was taped based on its contents .
walton provides the voice of rhino , an irrepressibly gonzo hamster who s bolt s biggest fan .
the sunnyvale based company provided a breakdown of the suits in an annual report filed wednesday with the securities and exchange .
the north s moves were aimed at swaying new conservative south korean president lee myung bak from taking a tougher stand on his communist neighbor .
kumar said the two officials who issued the tickets have been suspended .
they also had a daughter who was born several months premature in june and died a day later .
it would define marriage as the union of one man and one woman , give same sex couples state benefits of marriage , but deny them federal protections .
once it s in a nasal cavity like that , a little membrane forms around , and it just becomes a foreign body .
cheney expressed u . s . apprehensions of regrouping of al qaeda in the tribal areas and called for concerted efforts in countering the threat , according to a faxed statement from the presidential office .
concerts by kanye west , cent , maroon and joss stone for crowds that included jamie foxx , sean diddy combs , paris hilton and ashlee simpson .
after a little pullback , said matt king , chief investment officer at bell investment advisors .
homeland security secretary janet napolitano tells nbc s today show it is not really doable
they were denied marriage licenses and claimed such treatment violates equal protection and due process clauses in the iowa constitution .
i expected it to be real close no matter who won because obviously , all the finalists this year were very deserving .
an iraqi interior ministry source told cnn that civilians were killed all men and other civilians were wounded , including women and children .
oil prices surpassed a barrel friday as continued weakness in the u . s . dollar and the prospect of lower interest rates attracted fresh capital to the oil market .
since his election last december , roh has tirelessly called for reconciliation with north korea and a peaceful solution to the north korean nuclear crisis .
tory leader michael howard has accused tony blair of pussyfooting around immigration problems as the election campaign resumed after a two day pause .
the president himself sought to infuse them with national import . analysts warned that the bid could backfire on the increasingly unpopular president , and that the overall outcome could affect sarkozy s appetite for reforms to the euro zone s no . economy .
erakat said the two sides are not fighting over who controls what but about trying to restore the rule of law to gaza .
embassy in downtown seoul for a visa interview only to be turned down with no clear reason have developed animosity against the u . s . policy .
kazmierczak was a student about miles away at the university of illinois at urbana champaign , police said , and there were no red flags warning of any violent behavior .
he said israel delivered , gallons of diesel fuel , compared to the typical , gallons on a normal day , and , gallons of gasoline , instead of the regular supply of , gallons .
here is what he had to say
at the end of a second straight day of prosecution evidence , he said the court should not be trying anyone else a reference to his seven co defendants .
for next year , kdi slashed its forecasts on facility investment growth to . percent on year from an earlier . percent .
the lower house must open within days after the election day january .
france is ready to take in colombian rebels freed from jail in their homeland in exchange for hostage ingrid betancourt , prime minister francois fillon said sunday .
the abbas olmert meeting is one in a series of sessions meant to prepare for an international mideast conference in the u . s . in november .
and in the orchestra , a symbol of north korea s history michelle kim , who was born in south korea to parents who fled from the north .
we did an extremely vast array of tests .
qantas said in a statement monday that robertson s employment contract had been terminated . it didn t give a reason .
we are sharing our partners concern about making all iranian programs transparent , putin said at a news conference after talks with visiting french president nicolas sarkozy .
prosecutors told him they were worried about threats against richey , his family and attorney said .
you can never tell what will appeal to your child everyone is playing frisbee on the quad ! or turn him off the tour guide had too many piercings !
pakistani president pervez musharraf made the offer , saying it would also boost reconstruction efforts .
a third was supposed to have been stoned to death . however , he freed himself by climbing out of the stone hole .
the information on the disks included the names of parents and children , their addresses , dates of birth , national insurance numbers and banking details .
the maglev set a record of kph mph in .
he will not resign under this cloud and that remains his position , bennett said wednesday .
is percent , the tutoring company says .
couric earlier told david letterman nobody followed up on her question about what the former republican vice presidential candidate reads
on wednesday , a court ordered akhtar freed because authorities had insufficient evidence to continue holding him , said police investigator nawaz ranjha .
the children from mogadishu have seen dead people in the streets , wounded people in the streets , said ibrahim haji , a counselor for the aid group world vision somalia .
china surpassed the united states in as the world s top user of the internet , according to a government backed research group .
nearly frozen , we arrived back in the dark , utterly exhausted , about p . m .
the bill gives the state department and homeland security department the authority to waive restrictions against anc members .
three japanese were freed a day after other kidnappers executed an italian .
raza , a registrar of the supreme court , was shot at point blank range by two or three gunmen just before dawn at his home in the capital
the asahi shimbun reported on friday that yu might visit japanese foreign minister masahiko komura to convey seoul s apology , but the meeting did not take place .
it is easy to share unlike the inherently private e mail .
the files are transferred from phone to phone using bluetooth or infrared wireless technology .
washington cnn researchers who launched an experimental cyber attack caused a generator to self destruct , alarming the government and electrical industry about what might happen if such an attack were carried out on a larger scale , cnn has learned .
they were fitted with satellite navigation positioning devices to make sure that they complied with this regulation .
finance economy minister han duck soo thursday suggested inviting north korea as a special guest to the next apec finance ministers meeting , if the ongoing six way nuclear talks are resolved successfully .
ahmadinejad wanted to speak to the u . n . security council before a vote , scheduled for p . m . et saturday , on sanctions against iran .
from big name financial service outfits to no name repair shops , businesses are responding to a collective impatience .
hurricane luis , the most powerful storm of the season in the atlantic , is roaring through the caribbean this morning toward the virgin islands and puerto rico , with sustained winds of kilometers an hour .
at the same time , the militant group has set a fresh deadline , the seventh of its kind since its kidnapping of koreans on july , on the lives of the abductees believed to be held in small groups in different locations .
the commission works with companies to issue recalls when it finds consumer goods that can be harmful .
rescuers and airline officials were earlier quoted as saying they had seen bodies at the crash site .
meanwhile , australia has announced sanctions against burma s rulers .
in pyongyang , victor cha , u . s . president george w . bush s top adviser on north korea , told north korea s top nuclear negotiator , kim kye gwan , that pyongyang had to act quickly .
the new palace was built recently near saddam s baath party headquarters .
some analysts have commended today s young people for increased commitment to volunteer work .
the call for a halt to the rallies followed the decision by one of the country s two biggest umbrella labor organizations to protest the impeachment by urging its members to refuse to perform extra work every wednesday .
the charges are not related to his leadership role in interpol .
the entire industry , including auto workers and dealers , was against immediate bankruptcy , arguing americans won t buy cars from a chapter company .
israelis strike homes of top hamas figures
there is much admiration in south east asia for the japanese and south korean governments sponsorship of steel , shipbuilding and other heavy industries .
in another development involving the texas company , the lawyer for an army corps of engineers whistle blower and his client was interviewed by the fbi last week over her claims of contracting abuse involving halliburton , which was run by vice president dick cheney from .
snobbery is thriving in britain if you believe the upper class scorn poured on kate middleton s mother after prince william broke up with his middle class commoner sweetheart .
meantime , the second bailout package is still in play .
the nba saw a season high points last night .
he fought recklessly and he lived recklessly , said his promoter gary shaw . that was his style .
the satellite destroyed the building in sichuan province , but officials say no one was hurt .
news of the attack pushed crude oil futures higher into record territory .
these highly honed skills are used daily in conflict zones such as iraq and afghanistan .
the numbers have dropped from that level since with in july , in august , in september , in october and so far in november .
the government alleges that in january , oakley attempted to sell the pieces of scrap to someone he thought was a french agent but in reality was an undercover fbi agent , moncier said .
the team is searching the mammoth s genome for clues about its extinction , said study co author and biologist webb miller .
south korea s hyundai business group started a money losing cruise to the diamond mountain resort in .
the iraqi government is pressing for talks between rice and iran s foreign minister , saying washington s conflict with the government in tehran is fueling instability in iraq .
frank told moscow police he was driving near downtown early saturday while a man and woman were having sex in the rear of the vehicle .
the conversion from granite to grave marker rolls in billion a year in total sales in the united states .
at the same time , he initiated court action seeking to confirm cmdr bainimarama s government as illegal .
during the season , many getaway packages in travel agencies are fully booked , bringing a vibrant atmosphere to the travel industry .
of americans support pullout of us troops stationed in korea .
and it s been the first time we ve been over million people receiving benefits , since .
i don t even want to think about that , she said . i know it s coming . . . .
diwaniya is about miles south of baghdad .
he claimed texans decided that the death penalty is a just and appropriate punishment for the most horrible crimes committed against the state s citizens .
leading , the spaniard was then broken but he underlined his determination by capturing cipolla s serve immediately to take the set in minutes
with a population of , , it was even bigger than paris .
the u . s . is under a process to realign its troops around the world , lee said .
authorities believe sunni insurgents hit the mosque .
arizona coach ken wisenhut and pittsburgh s mike tomlin have both allowed time for the players to spend with their families , but after that , tomlin s moving his team to a secluded location , while wisenhut will continue the week long curfew he s imposed on the cardinals .
when you finally arrive , you re exhausted
he tried unsuccessfully to get compensation from the city after his insurance company refused to pay up , according to japanese broadcaster nhk .
authorities said the preliminary physical description of the body found about miles east of el dorado matches that of missing college student emily sander .
albright said the north emphasized that it now wanted either electricity shipments or more heavy fuel oil than was promised in the deal .
of synthetic resin products , including polyethylene , since the late s .
there s a children s hospital in your area , but a general hospital is closer .
macau was a portuguese enclave before it returned to chinese rule in .
the police entitled the photo liberace .
these were extremists who were being chased , actually , and they took refuge in the school , musharraf said at a joint news conference with british prime minister gordon brown .
president hugo chavez announced after taking office that venezuela would send crafts into space , and the country spent million in five years to develop the simon bolivar satellite , named for the general whose military victories led to independence from spain for several south american nations in the early s .
beijing , china cnn a storm drenched china s southeast on sunday after killing five people on taiwan and prompting the evacuation of . million people on the mainland , officials said .
he also won an academy award for his screenplay adaptation of midnight express .
a strong earthquake shook a hilly southwestern chinese region near the border with laos early sunday , killing at least three people including a child who was crushed by debris injuring hundreds and forcing , people from their homes , state media reported .
the formal declaration was seen as a slap in the face of asian nations already outraged over abe s remarks .
a delegation from the international olympic committee , headed by ioc vice president chiharu igaya , arrived in pyeongchang to evaluate the city s bid for the winter olympics .
the most important part of his discovery , however , was that by changing only the thickness and distance of the layers , the perfect mirror could reflect any type of electromagnetic energy in any wavelength .
it can take dozens of professional developers and millions of dollars to create a video game for a traditional console such as a playstation or an xbox .
the united states opposes a turkish military operation in the relatively peaceful north of iraq because it would complicate efforts to stabilize the rest of the country .
vander ark is editor of a web site containing a fan created collection of essays and encyclopedic material on the potter universe , including lists of spells and potions found in the books , a catalog of magical creatures and a who s who in the wizarding world .
slippery roads were blamed for two traffic deaths in michigan and one in wisconsin .
falzone called it a legal effort to organize and discuss the complicated and very elaborate world of harry potter .
we have been preparing for this kind of scenario for many years .
cheong wa dae will file a constitutional petition thursday at the earliest against the national election commission nec which ruled that president roh moo hyun violated the election law , a top presidential aide said wednesday .
her tentative arraignment date is august .
libby , , faces a maximum sentence of years in prison and a fine of million .
in america , the pile of discarded machines would weigh about million tons , says the u . s .
guilty on all counts
however , the construction company only paid him million won , and so he wrote petitions to relevant government departments and even cheong wa dae only to be rejected .
new york cnn whoopi goldberg has accepted an apology from producer gil cates for not including her in a montage featuring oscar hosts during sunday s academy awards telecast .
featuring a talking chihuahua with drew barrymore s voice , the family flick about a pampered pooch lost in mexico led a surge of new movies that boosted hollywood business , which generally has slumped the last two months .
gillian gibbons , , was arrested sunday after she asked her class of seven year olds to come up with a name for the toy as part of a school project , her head teacher told cnn .
i m eating pork and potatoes in a small town pub in the czech republic trebon .
apple charges about cents more per song in britain compared with prices in nations that use the euro .
candidates must send in three pictures , including one full body shot .
the president elect s announcement of ministers , including two cabinet ministers , came after his opposition party failed to reach a compromise with the pro government party on reducing the number of ministries .
confusion lingered about the attack in the capital city of islamabad and the number of casualties .
i am very disappointed that foreign web sites have decided to run this story without consulting us , dannatt said .
klein notes that the expectation of eternally passionate sex may be setting people up to fail .
labor shortages will cut the nation s economic growth potential to . percent between and , a team of experts working with the government said yesterday .
that would be news to osama bin laden .
as he accepted his first oscar , bardem , one of spain s top actors , thanked his directors .
you do have to have speed , but then probably , the next most amount , the next most important thing would probably be the patient in the race .
to the embarrassment of president roh moo hyun , the nation is already engaged in a premature and overheated presidential race .
the arrival will elicit cheers in some corners , protests elsewhere .
osamu shimomura of the marine biological laboratory in woods hole , massachusetts martin chalfie of columbia university and roger tsien of the university of california at san diego won for the discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein gfp .
those who lie about the behaviors to show off may receive positive feedback from others
money is also an issue .
the photographer accused him of trying to grab his camera during a scuffle late tuesday , britain s press association reported .
the study , written before the devastating u . s . attacks , predicts sales of systems by .
the five tycoons have picked out three or four senior officials from each company to create a joint canal business team to work on a blueprint for the canal , as a prelude to bidding on the project .
otherwise , the soap opera of embargoes and pursuits and killings and denunciations will just go on and on .
according to the sir catholic news agency , the kidnappers told iraqi church officials on wednesday that archbishop rahho was very ill and , later on the same day , that he was dead .
the u . s . has agreed to resolve a dispute over its financial restrictions on a macau bank that was accused of complicity in counterfeiting bills and money laundering by north korea .
briefing president roh moo hyun on the ministry s policy programs last thursday , defense minister yoon kwang ung unveiled a comprehensive reform plan of the military , focusing on downsizing the country s , troops by one fourth by .
hundreds of thousands of displaced san diego county residents are navigating around road closures to find refuge in shelters and hotel rooms a safe distance from the wildfires encroaching on their neighborhoods .
a belgian court sentenced a former rwandan army major to years in prison on thursday for the murder of belgian peacekeepers and an undetermined number of rwandan civilians at the start of the genocide .
the most credible worst case scenario , he says , is a recession in the us , driven by further falls in us house prices as people feel less wealthy and spend less money .
central was the first important test after the brown vs . board of education case to break down segregation and education . so brown happened on the court level , but this was on the ground level , trickey said .
the bush campaign has unveiled a new tv ad in which mccain shows his support for bush .
up to people are estimated to have died across hungary last week , partly due to a heat wave gripping central and southeast europe , hungarian medical officials said on tuesday .
mca , another entertainment giant , has been battling disney in california and florida .
otherwise , they fear the species could be wiped out in the event of disease or natural disaster .
it is also important for the broader middle east .
harold pinter has died .
during the attempt , two were caught and arrested by chinese police guarding the mission .
the united states assumed that both countries shared our strong desire that north korea not be permitted to possess a nuclear program and arsenal , lefkowitz said .
the year old daughter of tom cruise and katie holmes tops forbes . com s second annual list of hollywood s hottest tots .
what is being called the long march is the first organized protest against pakistan s new government , which has yet to deliver its promise to reinstate pakistani chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and about other judges .
bratislaw grubacic , chief editor of vip magazine in belgrade , said police reported people injured , including police officers . teresa gould , a translator for belgrade tv , said the croatian embassy next door also was attacked .
some residents refuse to move , others say they cannot afford to live elsewhere .
new york cnn more than two dozen employees at palisades medical center have been suspended after accessing the personal medical records of actor george clooney , who was taken to the north bergen , n . j . , hospital last month after a motorcycle accident .
magistrate william turnoff agreed with the government s case for extraditing noriega to france
be sure to keep anything smaller than the diameter of a toilet paper roll out of your baby s reach .
sharif s speech was his first major campaign event since the december assassination of another key opposition leader , benazir bhutto .
liberal politicians , civic groups and north korea experts railed yesterday against the next president s plan to dissolve the unification ministry by folding it into the foreign ministry .
cheong wa dae tuesday expressed its frustration over the election watchdog s latest ruling that president roh moo hyun violated the election law again .
the korea times reports an increasing number of financial issues , it seems , are influenced by political populism rather than economic resolve .
after completing his eight day orbital tour , ko is to work as a government researcher and an ambassador for space science and technology .
no major injuries were reported during the two days , which were less violent than protests during the previous week which left people hurt and in brief custody .
the president this morning announcing more troops for afghanistan ? , more who will help train afghan forces to take care of their own security issues .
wen replaced zhu rongji , a crusty reformer who helped china extricate its economy from the asian financial crisis .
democratic fundraiser hsu was indicted by a federal grand jury for swindling investors in a million fraud scheme and making illegal donations to u . s . political campaigns .
officials were still investigating the cause of the accident .
speaking at a meeting of the korea retired generals and admirals association , general bell said the handover of the former bases is being complicated by seoul s demands that the united states repair any environmental damage in the bases to be relocated from northern gyeonggi province and seoul city to more southern locations .
to say the decision is a bit late in the day , is to put it mildly , said parry .
the spokesman withdrew earlier comments saying airbus is confident more than ever about the program that he had attributed to enders .
kommersant said venezuela also was negotiating to buy il military transport aircraft .
hong is alleged to have used the group s slush fund to purchase high priced paintings at overseas auctions through korean art galleries in and .
fun things can happen on top , if you re not too winded to join locals in the halfway to heaven tango .
hunke said the newspapers would face about a percent reduction in their workforces under the plan .
it s the same as spending money on a trip or buying something .
twenty one of the reports claimed minor property damage , and small burns were reported in four cases .
newman performed a song from the score for the shareholders .
kamen s work is based out of a manchester , new hampshire , lab called deka research development .
the boss of troubled carmaker ford has admitted the company needs a completely new business model if it is to return to profitability .
the top five grossing movies of last year were all home grown and four of them were so called gangster movies , whose blend of violence and slapstick comedy appealed to mainstream audiences .
bin laden , who was behind the terrorist network s september attacks , has been in hiding since the u . s . assault on afghanistan that followed those strikes .
seoul and its adjacent areas picked conservative candidates .
the trial is scheduled to start on january , .
a hearing with the potential to embarrass the presidential front runner is still on track before the election in december , as a u . s . court yesterday denied lee s motion to keep a former business partner facing criminal charges in los angeles .
south korea had been asking the united states to put off the planned cutback to or possibly .
wes brown crossed the ball to anderson , whose shot from the edge of the area was blocked by a combination of lyon right back francois clerc and ronaldo . clerc stumbled and went to ground , while ronaldo regained possession and shot past gregory coupet .
the group also called for a better strategy to protect minors from sex offenders .
although the buildings shown are scattered across the globe , they share several things in common .
we ll work through something we can all live with , bush said in a rose garden news conference with outgoing british prime minister tony blair .
other participants also said the united states had toned down some passages .
in tokyo , police arrested a year old boy on charges of swindling virtual currency worth , in an interactive role playing game by manipulating another player s portfolio using a stolen id and password .
has raised a question of grammar with serious implications for transgender people should the slain teen who lived as a girl be referred to as he or she ?
he expressed confidence that he can convince superdelegates he is more electable .
the superdelegates are a group of about party leaders and officials who vote at the convention for the candidate of their choice .
the problems have slowed yahoo s revenue growth even as spending on online ads accelerates .
the holiday s designed to make you feel bad , says judy mcguire , author of how not to date .
grylls is on his way back to britain for medical treatment .
however , police suspect the cyclist was male because the witness described the person as being large .
his rating has fallen below the percent range he had enjoyed in recent months .
the former marlboro man and most of his buddies now smoke gauloises .
the south african tourism services association said this week the crisis jeopardized the world cup .
fresh from her win in kentucky , sen . hillary clinton will be pushing for the democratic national committee to seat the florida s delegates at the national convention .
police arrested eight people and seized several weapons including a hand grenade , dionisio said .
usa today is idiotic to run such an irresponsible advertisement suggesting that drinking and driving is some kind of american tradition we should protect , lohan s lawyer , blair berk , said in a statement .
spectators could strain for a glimpse of the far away flame through a fence .
iraq s cabinet has approved a new security agreement with the u . s .
a report by the group welcomed some reforms , but criticized detention without trial policies and tightened control of the media and the internet .
cnn a year old dolphin at sea world has died after colliding with another dolphin while performing aerial tricks , the orlando , florida , amusement park said monday .
the sea was red with these jellyfish and there was nothing we could do about it , absolutely nothing , he said .
nearly , firefighters are battling the marek blaze , and more than , are working the sesnon fire .
two astronauts are stripping the hubble telescope of its year old camera , replacing it with an updated model .
air berlin , based in the german capital , is europe s third largest low fare carrier .
the enduring salty dog of amusement parks turns this year .
her statement was read to reporters in singapore by un special envoy ibrahim gambari , who has just completed a six day visit to burma his second since protests were suppressed in september .
iraq will take legal custody of saddam from the u . s . army on wednesday and the former dictator is to make his first court appearance thursday , where he will be informed of the charges in his arrest warrant , prime minister iyad allawi announced on tuesday .
she described plans to meet with the u . n . special envoy for burma , ibrahim gambari , to discuss how the international community can hold the generals to account .
eight patients four men and four women remained stable at montgomery regional hospital in blacksburg , according to a hospital statement .
the cobblestone streets of the city s old quarter were jammed with hung over thrill seekers from around the world , all after a taste of spanish style danger .
one of the most popular products is nintendo s brain age also known as brain training a collection of simple exercises like math problems , memory tests and word puzzles .
the international olympic committee stripped abrahamian of the medal and expelled him from the games after ruling he violated the olympic charter and was disrespectful to other medalists .
cathay spokeswoman carolyn leung said the pilot was dismissed last week because he did not seek or obtain approval for the fly by , which has been done several times before at air shows with the airline s permission .
the year old heiress is expected to be released from a los angeles county women s jail early this week , and will give her first post jail tv interview to larry king live , wednesday at p . m . et thursday gmt , hong kong time .
i think every kid out there probably had the wii on his list for the holidays and they didn t need gifts . com to tell them that , but where we come in is in suggesting a really cool accessory that the kid s going to lose his mind over .
for george bush , the truth hurts .
since then , casualty figures had dwindled in gaza with egypt attempting to broker some sort of ceasefire .
turkey s ruling ak party decided on monday to re submit foreign minister abdullah gul , an ex islamist , as its candidate for president , party sources said .
somalia s u . n . backed transitional government has said it would welcome international assistance in battling the pirates .
beatie , who lives with his wife nancy in bend , oregon , said the baby is due on june .
peru wants to try fujimori on charges including bribery , misuse of government funds and sanctioning death squad killings during his decade long rule , which ended in .
the office handles civil and commercial work , according to paris prosecutor jean claude marin , who is participating in the investigation . it is unclear why it would be the target of an attack , marin said .
the government also reports wholesale prices edged up a slight tenth of one percent last month , showing inflation on top of recession ?
yahoo helps arresting chinese journalist .
the international community is united in this , but unfortunately , we didn t hear anything today that leads us to believe iran is going to take the steps expected of them , johndroe said .
the militants are accused of launching deadly attacks targeting troops and civilians in both countries .
clinton adds that not everybody s ideas will become policy , but indicates her ears and mind are open .
san francisco police identified the victim of the fatal attack as a year old boy from san jose , california .
during deceleration it employs regenerative braking to recharge the battery .
when inhaled , it can lead to suffocation or brain damage .
japan trucked its first ballistic missile interceptors to an air force base north of tokyo on friday in an effort to beef up its defenses against its unpredictable neighbor north korea .
the hostages still being held could be executed by early morning thursday if demands by taliban militants aren t met , said taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousif ahmadi .
frank jordan stayed out of trouble , he says , because friends and neighbors saw a family in need and they helped because it was the right thing to do .
i know some of the routine procedures
the stalemate in the legislature over who will head the central bank of the world s second largest economy is a major embarrassment to the japanese government , coming at a time when fears are growing about a global slowdown .
the sheriff said the sister rescued the infant when she realized the baby girl was still alive .
we are absolutely against putin s plan and his political course , because it leads us to the third world , said boris nemtsov , a russian opposition leader . it leads to abuse of power , lawlessness and bureaucracy , uncontrolled corruption .
the political stir created by president roh moo hyun last week does not look as if it will cool down anytime soon , as a group of former military leaders were to meet tuesday to adopt a statement strongly criticizing what the pro opposition korea times calls disparaging remarks about the military .
a day after breakthrough at the six party talks in beijing for north korea s denuclearization , a delegation from the international olympic committee visiting pyeongchang to evaluate the south korean city s bid for the winter olympics expressed a special interest in the city s efforts to make it the peace games .
the idea is to stretch the billion in government money aimed at the troubled companies . those aig bonuses may be even higher .
on tuesday u . n . nuclear monitors were set to hold talks with officials in north korea on how to verify the shutdown of its main nuclear reactor .
the increase in unrest has paralleled the increase of business and factory closings and job losses .
construction accidents in china are frequent , with contractors often opting for shoddy materials to cut costs and using migrant laborers with little or no safety training .
despite the delay , the south korean government said a positive development has been made , indicating that the captives will be released soon .
this year s presidential race is generating more interest than usual because of its open nature .
turkey has said it would prefer that the united states and its iraqi kurd allies in northern iraq crack down on the kurdistan workers party , or pkk .
the officer cited risks to security and law and order as reasons for keeping him under wraps and restricting access to his home .
the syrian decision to send its deputy foreign minister comes less than three months after israeli warplanes attacked a site in syria reported to be a facility linked to nuclear weapons .
hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money is being used to prop up the financial industry .
villahermosa , mexico cnn a week of heavy rains unleashed massive flooding in southeastern mexico , killing at least one person and forcing tens of thousands to flee rising waters in tabasco and chiapas states .
the korea times reports since the introduction of a new u . s . visa application system on aug . , over percent of applicants have been required to appear for a non immigrant visa interview .
interpol said more than people then supplied tips to authorities worldwide , leading them to identify the man as an english teacher who worked at a school in south korea .
rumsfeld predicted success in iraq would hamper terrorist operations and spur reform in the region .
he could serve up to years in prison , but he is expected to be eligible for parole in years .
the violators , if convicted , will face up to five years in prison or a maximum of million won in fines .
if the belgians are unable to send one , it may delay the signing of the treaty .
a court appointed monitor is accompanying the family during the visitations , which are allowed several days a week , kiley said .
at a news conference in january , sarkozy revealed that the relationship was serious and hinted that wedding plans were in the works .
britney still can t figure out who she is and she s doing things to draw attention to herself in perhaps the wrong ways .
as the talks ended , a car bomb exploded near an important sunni mosque in the centre of baghdad , killing at least people and wounding dozens of others .
cerf also worries about efforts to censor content , like pornography and hate speech .
refugees in congo fleeing the latest round of fighting now have a new potentially far more deadly enemy .
he faces up to years in prison if convicted for his alleged role in the killings , which came amid a government crackdown on a bloody maoist insurgency .
pakistan based afghan islamic press quoted purported taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi as saying that the south korean government was not putting enough efforts to release the taliban prisoners .
mekong a treasure trove of , newly discovered species
japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for years
and , for a price , you can enjoy a glass of local wine in the prince s wine cellar .
six elephants that escaped from seoul children s grand park may have been overworked and suffering from stress , say people who saw the animals before their breakout .
an investigation by attorneys general of states found that the brewer was marketing its caffeinated alcoholic beverages to minors and misrepresenting the drinks health benefits , said new york state attorney general andrew cuomo .
despite losing modeling contracts in the wake of the revelations , she later won fresh jobs and remains one of the world s top models .
kim said the report did not make clear his belief that the agents had originally intended to kill him .
despite that , they could hardly contain their excitement .
no names of players were identified in the newspaper report .
it was a good day , however , for yellow jersey holder michael rasmussen , who was in the top group along with france s christophe moreau and vinokourov s lieutenant , andreas kloeden of germany .
syndicated shows earned trophies , including six by degeneres and the ellen degeneres show .
the us indicated the north s required declaration of its nuclear activities may not contain everything about past programmes and may not be made public .
the agreement stated
street entertainment quarter with the help of drug dealers , the agency added .
several close allies of the president , including zuma s ex wife foreign minister nkosazana dlamini zuma , were booed by zuma s supporters .
the russian built mi helicopter was owned by a bulgarian company , heli air , and chartered by skylink , a north american company .
madison county requests the national guard to assist with traffic control and some security patrols .
paterson took over after eliot spitzer stepped down in the wake of his call girl scandal .
an associated press reporter saw a crater near the shattered wall where the bomb went off .
this prompted macau to freeze about us million at the bank .
matsuoka had faced heavy criticism over a scandal involving suspicious bookkeeping practices in his offices , and was scheduled to appear before a parliamentary committee monday afternoon for further questioning .
kerry made the announcement at a rally in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
the mungiki gang set up roadblocks and burned cars to protest the suspicious killing of their imprisoned leader s wife .
up until now , it had not been known which cells lead to the creation of the crucial epithelium part of the thymus .
the dead specimen , caught in a trawler s net , but it was clearly a massive animal .
a decade of liberal rule that critics say hindered economic growth , was too soft on communist north korea and fomented tension with traditional close ally washington .
hleb made it after minutes , turning the slavia defense inside out down the left and drilling a low strike past vaniak .
despite human rights considerations , a bill is currently pending in the national assembly , which would require the country s three wireless operators to install systems to enable mobile wiretapping .
two of the men were german converts to islam and one was a turk living in germany .
at around p . m . , a year old gunman , reportedly upset about a school suspension , was walking the halls firing with a gun in each hand .
the korean government plans to revise the securities law to prosecute foreign investigators who engage in unfair trading of local shares offshore , a senior official at the financial supervisory commission said yesterday .
growth through august appears to have outstripped the pace from the same period a year ago , according to the unwto .
the u . s . military said senior al qaeda figures had been killed or captured in november but the appearance of a british hostage in a video aired on arabic language al arabiya channel underscored the continuing threat of violence .
every time a candidate promised to give you something , the numbers went up .
only the pakistan people s party of former prime minister benazir bhutto , who was assassinated in the run up to the elections , won more national assembly seat so far .
north korean leader kim jong il is visiting media newsrooms , giving orders to reporters and correcting the editorials it said .
last week , blair announced that he would step down june , making way for treasury chief gordon brown .
the best way to get to nevado de toluca is to take a bus to the city of toluca , at the foot of the mountain , and from there either rent a car or take a taxi the remaining distance .
authorities were also searching for a woman suspected of wounding three people in a knifing incident sunday .
harper said he accepted the resignation of maxime bernier , who has come under fire in recent weeks after it was reported that his ex girlfriend had previous relationships with men who had ties with organized crime .
the sources said national intelligence service first deputy director kim man bok appears to be the strongest candidate for chief of the spy agency .
only two other secularist parties crossed the percent threshold into parliament the nationalist minded republican people s party chp with percent and the far right national movement party mhp with percent .
my estimate of th of percent of all sites found is on the high side , parcak said .
london , england cnn the british man who reappeared five years after he was thought to have drowned changed his identity during his disappearance and tried to buy a catamaran to go sailing around the world , a boat dealer said friday .
well , americans are not only spending less , they re also mailing less , hurting the bottom line at the postal service .
they have also agreed to set up an independent committee to investigate irregularities in the december election and suggest reforms .
more than rockets and mortar shells were fired into israel on monday despite the raids , according to israeli police spokesman mickey rosenfeld .
the rail s december opening will also mark one of the first tangible results of a summit last month between south korean president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il in pyongyang .
a government spokesman said the defeat went against public opinion and the desires of communist china s central leadership .
seoul has kept its citizens from visiting iraq for security reasons since , when a worker named kim sun il was kidnapped and murdered by an insurgent group that demanded the withdrawal of south korean troops .
but robert has said the case was botched from the start , beginning with her son s examination by a doctor who said her son was gay .
apple tv is designed to move digital content from a user s computer to a tv set and is anticipated to be a highly competitive product in the growing crop of offerings that deliver internet based videos to the television .
but shed no tears for charles and his predicament .
the wire service reported yesterday that the man said he was handing over the explosives because he wanted newsis to verify what they were .
he cited a year record , which he said includes saving millions of lives , bringing about stricter protection for food and water and fighting corporate control over washington .
the man had fire insurance worth million won , but police said they have no evidence he set the fire to get the insurance money .
main problems right now is just going to be uh , the really cold temperatures , along with the blowing snow .
the associated press said the satellite would offer speeds of up to . gigabytes per second .
according to the opinion poll conducted by the advisory council on democratic and peaceful unification , . percent of respondents said among four surrounding powers the u . s . , china , russia and japan the u . s . is the biggest barrier to national reunification .
the dikes and levees that are protecting fargo appear to be holding , even after being lashed by a blizzard and heavy winds .
a man believed to be christopher paul neil was taken into custody in a town about two hours northeast of bangkok , police said .
our position has been for some time that if the north koreans clearly send signals that they are committed to coming back to six party talks , then there are many possibilities for bilateral contacts , u . s .
reacting to al maliki s comments , al sadr s political committee issued a statement wednesday warning its cabinet ministers might quit as a result .
it s one of the functions that dothard , who took the game for a test run , thinks is the most effective and important because it makes you aware of whether you reap the most benefits out of exercising .
roughly million vehicles sold annually
they re also waiting for more information from their lawyers .
i think the attorney general is going to have to explain how he said he was not involved in discussions when the e mails released by the justice department show that he was at the meeting when all of these matters were discussed , specter said .
because gold is bought and sold in u . s . dollars , it has also become much cheaper for investors holding overseas currencies and central banks around the world have stepped in along with big hedge funds among others .
on sunday , a year old girl was badly hurt after jumping from the third floor of a children s home in sofia .
local media reported separately that families of chinese patients killed by a fake medical ingredient maker linked to widespread deaths in panama have sued the southern chinese hospital that gave toxic injections .
like both , it has lovely hilly terrain and a seafaring tradition .
finding anything more would be next to impossible , as robbers in antiquity looted the pyramid , hawass added .
joe francis reached out to ashley alexandra dupre , now , with an offer of million to appear in a non nude spread for his company s new magazine , plus a chance to join the girls gone wild tour bus , his company announced tuesday .
their get to know you meeting took on renewed importance when south korea announced friday it would lift its ban on u . s . beef imports .
men are also more likely to hide their depression from loved ones , he added . he suggested there are several ways for new fathers to try to prevent postpartum depression .
world number two rafael nadal captured his sixth title of the year on sunday , overcoming a stiff challenge from unseeded stanislas wawrinka to win in the final of the stuttgart cup .
at the low end , group lessons start at for young children .
the state backed icec said the online communities , which distort the history and thus doing mental harm to youth can be shut down under relevant laws .
briton paula radcliffe defended her new york marathon title in style on sunday to become only the second woman to win the race three times .
beijing , china cnn a panda once believed to be male and sent to japan to breed with a female without success gave birth to twin cubs this week , state media reported on thursday .
indeed , the telecom industry is as good an example as any of the kind of profound change the american economy is currently undergoing .
the ruling by superior court commissioner scott gordon provided no details and did not name any specific drugs , stating only that the findings were based on the evidence presented .
the latest round of talks stretched into the early morning hours tuesday , and chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang said negotiators would resume discussions later in the day .
kennel clubs outside britain , such as the american kennel club , are not affected .
a man has accused sean diddy combs of punching him out during a dispute at a trendy manhattan nightspot , but the rap mogul s lawyer called it a harmless disagreement .
several shutters were pulled on the main stone house .
we solved the crime , st . johns police chief roy melnick told kpho . now we have to solve the mystery of why .
since then , giuliani parlayed his image as an in charge mayor during the september , , terrorist attacks into lucrative speaking fees and business enterprises .
you re a lot younger than other girls in the business who have been successful , but you look at britney spears and christina aguilera and how they all had growing pains .
house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , said in a statement , today , despite overwhelming evidence that neither goal has been achieved , gen . petraeus testified that the surge would last at least until next summer . this is simply unacceptable .
nobody tracks the problem nationally , and local shelters often keep only limited data on the sizes , breeds and colors of the dogs that are adopted or put down , according to the humane society and the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals .
the market is fearful of the fallout from the credit crisis and the global economic slowdown , said todd salamone , market strategist at schaeffer s investment research .
the chairman of hyundai motor company , chung mong koo , is to face the verdict in his corruption trial .
alan greenspan is still commanding attention and , per speech a year after leaving his position as chairman of the federal reserve , according to a published report .
president george w . bush and leaders of some two dozen other nations meeting in washington .
a north korean spokesman said the visit would only be confirmed when funds frozen in a macau bank were released .
the area where the pound female named tatiana killed the teen and attacked two men was declared a crime scene . the survivors , whose identities have not been released , are in stable condition , according to a surgeon at san francisco general hospital .
we are sure it was an oversight and are grateful for their co operation . along with the rest of the country , we take the smoking ban seriously .
the president s already signed off on , more heading there .
a chinese satellite has smashed into a villager s house .
but sen . hillary clinton noted that both she and her top democratic rival have won a primary and a caucus .
we are now ready to talk with the united states if they recognize us and treat us as an equal partner , he said . the problem is the united states wants to subjugate us .
she died when a tornado hit her family s mobile home , the associated press reported .
at least students from the private metropolitan university in caracas pelted the security forces with rocks , while the police responded with tear gas and water cannons in a clash that lasted at least four hours .
an member election committee , considered partial to the chinese government , makes the selection .
next to the calories and nutrition details on the side of a food package , you may soon be looking at the words china free , as the labeling movement that debuted in the u . s . is quietly trickling into south korean food and beverage industries .
japan and north korea have no formal diplomatic relations .
the request comes on top of billion already sought for in the wars .
the storm was expected to rapidly weaken as it moved inland , forecasters said .
iraq s united nations ambassador hamid al bayati says the government is doing all it can to bring stability to the war torn country .
to that end , investors are pricing in a percent chance that the fed will lower rates by a half point on jan . , according to federal funds futures listed on the chicago board of trade .
the mosque damaged in tuesday s attack houses the tomb of mohammed al khalani , who was the second deputy and messenger of the mehdi , the th imam from the early days of islam who is revered by shiites .
in a statement issued friday , human rights watch demanded the iranian authorities should immediately release the three iranian americans and the dozens of activists , teachers and scholars arbitrarily detained .
the dolphin population is also dwindling because they sometimes get caught in a fisherman s net .
chen is trying to split china , formally declaring independence will bring taiwan into disaster .
princess diana and dodi al fayed were murdered , dodi s father mohamed al fayed has told the inquest into their deaths in a car crash in paris in .
there might be hesitancy and awkwardness or trying to cover up a lack of knowledge or things they ve forgotten , he said .
the virgin group chairman was joined by former u . s . vice president al gore and other leading environmentalists as he announced the challenge to find ways to significantly reduce greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
as an example , google cited the invention of the hippo water roller , a barrel shaped container that holds gallons and can be rolled with little effort like a wheelbarrow , making it easier for african villagers on foot to transport critically needed fresh water to their homes .
the plant will have an initial production capacity of , vehicles per year , possibly expanding to , .
he also went close in the nd with a curling free kick that forced julio into a leaping save , but was shown a yellow card in the nd for a late tackle .
fifty six percent say mccain s policies would be the same as bush , up from percent a month ago .
i haven t heard an orator like that since king , she said .
officials said there are a number of private help centers , which provide such services for undocumented workers .
my brothers and sisters , musharraf said , addressing a crowd at a military ceremony celebrating pakistan s national day , you are seeing that a new era of real democracy has begun in pakistan .
in its statement , the idf accused hamas of cynically using the cease fire to continue to plan terrorist attacks against israel .
crawford and his colleagues believe people are migrating downtown partly because of revitalization efforts and partly because of environmental concerns related to long commutes .
the attack occurred at a mujahedeen victory day ceremony , observing the th anniversary of afghanistan mujahedeen fighters overthrow of president mohammad najibullah s soviet backed regime .
wildt said that chinese scientists have also addressed the issue of alternative food sources .
matsuzawa , a pioneer in studying the mental abilities of chimps , said even he was surprised .
when narcotics officers raided bobby harris house they found marijuana plants the search warrant was based on information a pg e meter showed higher than normal electric use , which could indicate the use of growing lamps .
al qaeda has been trying to recruit people who can travel easily to the united states and europe and assimilate into society without causing suspicion , according to law enforcement officials .
the spanish investigation was launched after police raids in madrid and zaragoza found large quantities of anabolic steroids , blood transfusion equipment and more than bags of blood .
new york cnn when it comes to sex , isabella rossellini is an animal .
patty blagoevich is filling in for her husband , the ex governor of illinois , on the upcoming reality show i m a celebrity , get me out of here .
the battles came in the same area where mehdi army members reportedly killed six people three of them civilians in fighting two weeks ago .
when columbia fired its rockets to drop out of orbit , it could have sent any accumulated ice slamming into the wing where other data suggests there was severe damage to the thermal protection tiles .
dressed in desert camouflage , he received the medal from the princess royal his aunt anne while his brother prince william , father prince charles and girlfriend chelsy davy watched in support .
sarkozy flew to libya hours after helping secure the release of six foreign medics held in jail for eight years for allegedly infecting libyan children with hiv .
the korea times reports that while a bit eclipsed by the nuclear standoff , north and south korea have already started to liven up joint events to celebrate the inter korean summit in as the north has invited some high profile figures from the south , including key aides to former president kim dae jung .
blagojevich denies any wrongdoing and has ignored calls to resign .
oh s body was flown to seoul and an autopsy was performed to determine the cause of death .
he was appointed deputy chief of staff and assistant to the president in .
police first arrested the man , , a week ago .
but the piece , scheduled to have its official unveiling thursday at the eu headquarters in brussels , has sparked controversy .
on friday , bush is scheduled to depart jerusalem for kuwait .
weaver is one of the lead authors of the first report , issued in february .
at least u . n . staffers were among those killed , according to u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe .
investigators know who pulled the trigger but still have not determined who ordered the killing of journalist anna politkovskaya , the chief investigator said in an interview published monday .
in seoul , the korea composite stock price index was down . percent at . by midday .
the coastline of the andaman sea was especially hard hit , and aid workers have reported that bodies still line the shore in some spots .
israeli security sources said they surrounded the city of about . million in their operation against hamas .
part of winkler s oprah interview has already been recorded .
.
my client understands that he is to blame for most of these murders , pichushkin s lawyer , pavel ivannikov , told reporters outside the courtroom after a fifteen minute hearing .
meanwhile , the iranian embassy in seoul denied news reports that the tehran government imposed the ban on imports from south korea , argentina , the czech republic and other nations that voted for a u . n . resolution .
earlier , rivero said he had been informed that one person had died in the violence .
it noted the potato the number food crop worldwide is already a staple food in the diet of the world population .
the u . s . military is planning to send hundreds of new troops to afghanistan to increase security before the oct . th election , officials said wednesday .
choi in won wants to perfect his badminton game .
secretary of state hillary clinton on a visit today to ankara , turkey , says the obama administration wants even stronger ties with that country
the american flag next to mission control s countdown clock was lowered to half staff .
lahore , pakistan cnn fifteen soldiers from a pakistani army unit died in a bombing at their mess hall thursday , a pakistani intelligence source said .
investors are grappling with a possible bankruptcy in the automotive industry , something analysts say could have dire implications for the broader economy , as a second day of congressional hearings ended without resolution .
zoellick would replace paul wolfowitz , who resigned amid a scandal over his role in winning a new pay and promotion package for his girlfriend .
dx requires a specialized graphics card and there are only a few games today that take advantage of its capabilities .
but walters , speaking on a visit to colombia , said failure to deal with the problem amounted to complicity .
earlier , a british coroner at the inquest said tt may never be known for certain whether princess diana was pregnant when she died in the paris car crash .
when the national anthem started they started the attack . three were killed and three have survived , the statement said .
guo jinlong vowed to finish preparations for the august games and provide services in high level and high caliber ways , the official xinhua news agency cited him as saying .
aboriginal leaders have condemned the ruling as too lenient , and have demanded bradley be stood down .
they had previously lived in clearwater , near tampa .
it s three times as many as in .
the democratic race had narrowed to a nearly a draw in recent national polls while mccain hoped to win enough delegates to the national convention to effectively be the party s presidential nominee in the november election .
i think we were just starting to get on a roll , and hopefully the writers and the studios will figure it out in the next days to a month and a half .
new zealand conservation authorities are visitor conscious .
asia s third largest economy has many more sensitive areas than the united states , an economy that is well advanced in market opening .
fed chairman ben bernanke says he expects the economy to bounce back and begin growing later this year , but he s warning the joint economic committee that even when that happens , economic growth will remain below its longer run potential for a while .
the red cross says up to , people are homeless after a tsunami triggered by an earthquake swept through the western solomon islands .
the swastika symbol , which was appropriated by the nazis , was originally an ancient symbol used in hinduism , buddhism and other religions , and is still displayed all over india in hopes of bringing luck .
all of this is after they ve seen a brand new broadway style show toy story
garnett may amend his percent trade kicker worth an additional . million over the next two years in exchange for the extension .
bush must submit reports in july and september indicating progress in meeting those goals .
by contrast , lame ducks like ronald reagan , dwight eisenhower and bill clinton had robust approval ratings in their final years in office , but each one was presiding over good economic times and a country at peace .
rooney is definitely out of england s friendly against germany on august and the home matches against israel on september and against russia four days later .
start with your friendly wired rabbit .
i heard this massive rumbling and shaking . . . and looked out my window , lacroix said .
cheney was responding to calls from former top us defense officials urging that north korea s missile be destroyed before it can be test fired .
cbs will air the show from los angeles staples center .
shortstop mikel tejada , make that miguel tejada , of the houston astros ?
the bill , passed last week by the pro government united new democratic party and a group of minor parties amid a boycott by gnp lawmakers , came after roh and the pro government parties raised suspicion over the prosecution s recent vindication of lee in a financial fraud case .
seven people are dead , twenty others wounded in a double suicide bombing in a poppy growing region of afghanistan .
the tour has its own police force to guard the route and ensure safety and french police paid particular attention to armstrong s safety when he was riding .
police set up additional checkpoints across the city .
covina police department lt . pat buchanan said the device was something we have never seen before .
asked about the toll , mccain responded with a personal story of one soldier s heroism .
a recording of the former president making the comment is posted on the whyy web site .
bhutto has entered into talks with her successor and rival , former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif , on forming an alliance against musharraf .
the clinton campaign has been focusing on the popular vote as it tries to convince superdelegates to pick her instead of obama .
he is widely credited with introducing the idea of the communications satellite , the first of which were launched in the early s .
hugo swire , the opposition conservative party s culture spokesman , said the program would be insensitive to diana s sons , princes william and harry , and should be cancelled .
he said he would never send americans to fight in a war based on a lie .
he also reiterated comments he made over the weekend , in support of extending japan s naval mission to help us led operations in afghanistan .
he says afghanistan s taliban militia , which allowed al qaeda to operate from the territory it controlled , had no advance knowledge of the plot .
the case has shocked many singaporeans , both for the crimes committed and the unusual living arrangements depicted in the court papers .
there are kids who are trying to get to school , and they re not arriving .
the announcement came after prominent muslims and catholics held talks at the vatican this week in which they agreed to establish a catholic muslim forum and to organize the november seminar .
to develop those ideas , radio flyer s designers are using state of the art technology .
shares fell tuesday to . .
the international community must fill the at least million food gap identified by the u . n . s world food programme to meet emergency needs , he said .
suddenly , it dawned on him .
more likely you can run any other kind of coding scheme on top of clipper .
the fires have scorched at least , acres , according to the joint information center , a coalition of state and federal agencies .
a bank spokesman said woori serves south korean companies and their employees from the south producing goods there .
the labor department says employers cut another , jobs last month , a bit less than economist expected , but the unemployment rate jumped from . in november to . in december , the highest in almost years .
just five days later , clinton and obama both scored big victories on super tuesday , splitting two dozen contests from coast to coast .
the youngsters had some adult supervision for their return to the wild .
odder still , baptists don t seem to be the types who knock back a few cold ones after church .
phoenix so far has not detected organic carbon considered an essential building block of life .
she might have been having a wonderful time with him , i m sure , but i thought her remark that she needed marriage like a rash meant that she was not serious about it .
he s helped me a lot but in the end he was a part time coach .
at that time , in order for the natives to be compensated , an enrollment to certify eligibility was undertaken .
obama on monday emphasized his ability to attract independents and republicans in an appearance in east rutherford , new jersey , home of the new super bowl champions , the new york giants .
frankly , these men appeared trapped , in their perception , by the burden of being men , and envious of the freedom available to many professional women .
nearly all foreigners age or over , including longtime residents , will be scanned .
rocks and bottles of water were thrown at police , in the most violent demonstration since the coup .
despite the disruptions engendered by the terrorist attacks of sept .
i m skeptical , bailey said of the theory .
penang is one of five states now controlled by the opposition , after elections on saturday saw big losses for the governing coalition .
indonesian legend has it that six centuries ago , a princess hurled her youngest child into a fiery volcano to appease mountain gods who had granted her fertility .
the shermans want a jury trial and million in damages .
but the polls also indicate there are still many undecided voters in both states .
i would play my role in iraq in whatever capacity is required to change iraq into an unsectarian country , to a peaceful country , to a democratic country , allawi said .
speaking at a news conference , gen . oscar naranjo also said evidence in the computers suggests farc had given chavez million pesos when he was a jailed rebel leader .
palestinian medics say people are dead in an israeli air strike outside a un school in gaza , the second deadly airstrike to hit a un school in a matter of hours .
masondo urged johannesburg residents to respect existing graveyards and not to take them over for ramshackle temporary housing .
but inside it s like a hamlet , with kids playing in the streets , and you know all your neighbors .
oil prices , meanwhile , surged above to a new inflation adjusted record and their fifth new high in the last six sessions on an upbeat report on wholesale inventories .
the show is set for october th in new york , the night after the final presidential debate .
earlier the cuban leader , who turns this month , was quoted as saying that a punishing schedule in recent weeks had affected his health .
both tokyo and grand central claim a respectable percent or so of lost items get back to their owners .
jamal abdullah , a spokesman for iraq s autonomous kurdish regional government said the targets of the attack appear to be pkk fighters in the border area , but there are reports of civilian casualties in nearby villages .
however , two men who claim they were unwilling passengers in the car driven by lohan have said she was upset with the daughter of michelle peck .
hamas has not taken any responsibility for those new attacks .
the ap s bryant thomas in washington .
beirut , lebanon cnn a member of the lebanese parliament died in a beirut bomb blast wednesday the latest anti syrian politician to be killed in the country .
the korea times reports foreign envoys whose countries adopt english as an official language criticize what they call korea s discriminatory visa regulations against foreign english teachers .
ford was never elected president .
a bbc correspondent said that might explain why the country remained on its highest state of security alert critical , which means an attack is expected imminently .
new york cnn miles levin was determined to have his say in life , even with cancer ravaging his young body .
we ve had no interruption to production .
this jagged , densely rainforested island , about miles long and miles wide , is located between guadeloupe and martinique in the eastern caribbean , miles southeast of san juan , puerto rico .
mahmood , , denies knowing about the plot and failing to tell anyone .
new york cnn every year , doctors write approximately million prescriptions for drugs not yet approved by the u . s . food and drug administration , the federal agency that regulates prescription drugs .
the number of prostitutes on italian streets has increased dramatically in recent years and the vatican earlier this week called for new laws to punish clients of prostitution .
once it s dry , you take the suction hose from your vacuum and simply vacuum that up , and many times you can t even tell there was an accident there .
national demand
president lee has said his government would pursue pragmatic policies by linking inter korean economic exchanges to the international efforts to resolve the lingering standoff over the north s nuclear development program .
services are not expected to be disrupted , but passengers alighting in paris will be unable to make connections .
i think that donald rumsfeld will go down in history as one of the worst secretaries of defense in history , mccain said to applause .
according to the world bank , fresh water will become the natural resource most likely to cause wars in the st century .
in a joint written statement , cnn en espanol and cnn international said they categorically deny the accusations .
the second temple was the center of jewish worship during the second jewish commonwealth , which spanned the six centuries preceding the roman conquest of jerusalem .
visitors to the meningitis belt of central africa should get a meningococcal vaccine .
scolari appears to lack options in attack , selecting benfica s nuno gomes , who has scored just one league goal in the past five months , as well as helder postiga of panathinaikos who has won caps and last played for portugal nine months ago .
south korean diplomats were traveling to the site of the shooting , foreign ministry spokesman cho hee yong said .
the third way he learns is by you putting this leash on
equally lovely is the courtyard , where the scraggly bearded serb monks offered safe haven to albanian refugees during the war .
the world currently consumes about . million barrels of oil a day .
it planned a large airship , the cl , to be used as a transporter for large and heavy loads .
the federal aviation administration issued a notice to airmen because the national weather service radar picked up a debris cloud about miles kilometers long and to miles to kilometers wide over lake charles , louisiana .
the total war costs could grow to . trillion by , the committee estimated .
so what s the plan and , what s the problem ?
the victim had also spent time near a site where poultry was slaughtered in hong kong .
i would like to call for all political parties to join us in forming a strong government , ppp leader samak sundaravej said at a news conference . i will certainly be the prime minister .
the company , one of the leading makers of photocopiers , commissioned a consumer survey that indicated more than half of americans did not know copiers carried this data security risk .
sen . barack obama is leading sen . john mccain in the crucial swing states of ohio , pennsylvania and florida , according to a new survey .
six people died in clashes between u . s . and iraqi forces and members of the mehdi army , the militia of radical shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
the indonesian authorities are stepping up emergency preparations in case of a major eruption .
the mission is expected to see the shenzhou vi orbit the earth for five days , during which the astronauts will carry out experiments .
treasury blacklisted the macau based banco delta asia , accusing it of being a money laundering window for north korea .
police have also filed warrants looking for records from cho s cell phone , the associated press reported .
the malaysian government has reversed a decision to ban a christian newspaper using the word allah to refer to god .
the new survey indicates john mccain is the clear favorite in texas for the republican presidential nomination .
speaking from the mccann s home village in rothley in leicestershire , spokesman david hughes said they have decided not to seek to use those funds for their legal support , the press association reported .
the draft document by the authoritative intergovernmental panel on climate change focuses on global warming s effects and is the second in a series of four being issued this year .
coastal resorts such as cancun and cozumel largely emptied .
he said bin laden is healthy and well , the transcript said , but that even if he doesn t become ill , he must die one day .
the year old has played matches for united since his debut in march against everton with only sir bobby charlton playing more games for the club .
it said his wife , a biologist , along with a hotel owner and a small businessman , also were among the victims .
kang kek ieu , also known as duch , was in charge of the notorious s jail in the country s capital , phnom penh .
analyst richard windsor of nomura estimated the cost to nokia at a maximum of million euros million .
both wildfires were fueled by dry conditions in the west . in utah , wind gusts saturday were expected to reach up to mph , fanning the flames even more .
hundreds of donkeys suffering from open back sores , broken hooves , malnutrition and disease come every week through the clinic , which has operating theaters , recovery rooms and a laboratory .
the former soldier climbed smaller mountains before everest and has been an active sportsman , chetri said .
the child can receive initial emergency treatment and can be stabilized as needed , he says , and transferred to a children s hospital if necessary .
the chances of spontaneously conceiving sextuplets is one in . billion , said dr . helain landy of georgetown university hospital s obstetrics and gynecology department .
clinton is on her first visit to iraq since becoming secretary of state .
in a second consecutive day of violence at least pakistani soldiers and three civilians were killed in the swat area of north west frontier province .
many people decided to spend election day as their avatars and they weren t alone .
clarkson , , doesn t take romance lightly .
the kidnappers later executed two of the south koreans .
a series of violations have been committed that constitute both violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law . some of these may also constitute war crimes , it said .
south korea blames dozens of deaths every year on the storms , mostly of elderly people and those with respiratory problems .
the yucatan peninsula had to weather whipping winds and torrential rain , but no deaths have been reported from the storm .
it was the second time for an asian actress to win the award at the festival .
the korean government plans to replace the mandatory usage of resident registration numbers in cyberspace with new individual identification numbers late this year .
often called bio bay , this is one of the best places in the world to experience bioluminescence , a natural glow produced by living organisms .
but taylor told the western morning news she had subsequently hired an online private detective to track his activities
raindance film festival describes itself as too contemporary for most established stars , and cultivates a reputation for discovering new talent .
the gary zerola described by prosecutors is far different from the man friends say dedicated himself to helping children .
despite being in the middle east
it turned out the response to the second question would help williams resolve the first
the sentence was later reduced to years , and further shortened for good behavior .
as one of the possible applications , the sensor can be attached to a mobile handset and , with the help of a voice synthesizer , mobile phone users can communicate in silence , wada says .
the gunmen checked passengers identification cards , then asked all christians to get off the bus , said police brig . mohammed al wagga .
that they said caused considerable damage and flung debris as it moved east at miles per hour .
amsterdam , netherlands the winston
britain has privately c omplained to beijing that chinese made weapons are being used by the taliban to attack british troops in afghanistan .
fifty nine people have died after rainstorms in mountainous yunnan province in the southwest , xinhua news agency said on sunday .
the pregnant male weedy sea dragon is now only the third of its kind in the united states to successfully become pregnant outside of its natural habitat .
in recent years , pollack produced many independent films with filmmaker anthony minghella and the production company mirage enterprises .
jimmy carter reiterated the sentiments of many democratic party leaders on sunday by saying that it would be a serious mistake for superdelegates to choose the candidate with fewer total delegates .
democrats hailed the new legislation as one of the biggest advances in us congressional ethics in decades .
government scrutinizing price and illegal collusion of apartments scheduled for reconstruction .
an emergency court hearing was requested to discuss the pop star s visitation rights .
last year the number of foreign tourists traveling to japan hit a record high of . million , up percent since the government began the marketing effort in .
the korea international trade association on thursday reported korea ranked first in the world for the proportion of science and engineering degree holders among total university graduates , the level of shipbuilding production and sales of dynamic random access memory chips .
the judge , army col . peter brownback , said he had no choice but to throw the khadr case out because he had been classified as an enemy combatant by a military panel years earlier and not as an alien unlawful enemy combatant .
it will not be long before asia s top oil importers join forces to eliminate the premium added to their purchases from the middle east , the head of the presidential committee on northeast asian affairs said yesterday .
real madrid striker ruud van nistelrooy has been ruled out for the rest of the spanish league season after undergoing knee surgery this week .
we are seeing some of the galaxies as they were billion years ago , in the process of formation .
it is the same old broad conspiracy theory that never made any sense and still is not supported by any hard evidence .
the zeppelin performance would also coincide with a new best of led zeppelin cd due to be released in november .
washington cnn russia has clamped down on human rights watch , refusing its executive director , kenneth roth , a visa to travel to moscow , following a page report on russia s suppression of free speech .
let s do targeted infrastructure investments , let s do tax breaks , let s lower permanently the tax , lower tax rates on the lower tax brackets of the income tax
specimens were never collected from one of the brothers who died , and many of those who tested positive experienced only mild symptoms and were not hospitalized , hartl said .
bush said the measures taken in europe were right , and had brought stability to the system .
the trip often takes more than a week .
the quickest way to reach mncora , about miles north of lima , is to hop on one of lan peru s twice daily flights from lima to piura round trip
vershbow was responding to a question posted on the embassy s web site section called cafe usa , a korean language message board aimed at south korean internet users .
an official from the team said that lee , in the presence of his lawyer , made faithful , but mostly short replies to questions .
democrat chuck schumer took to the senate floor this morning to suggest there s more than one way to get more done .
president obama has to proceed extremely carefully , but there is really no justification , and there was no justification , for disappearing people in a place that was located offshore america , so it was outside the reach of us law .
the bush administration is nearing a decision to close the guantanamo bay detention facility and move the terror suspects there to military prisons elsewhere , the associated press has learned .
harry s elder brother , william , was awarded his royal air force wings in april after training since january .
nedrow also recommends reynolds risk score , a site specially designed for women to calculate their risk of having a heart attack or stroke in the next years .
the finance ministry has announced a plan to ease or abolish about percent of the thicket of regulations and restrictions in financial markets here .
the centers for disease control and prevention cdc now recommends that all adults get a pertussis booster shot to strengthen their immunity , yet only percent of adults have had their shots updated .
the hospital s name was not disclosed .
money will also be poured into new railways , roads and airports .
white house spokesman robert gibbs tells nbc s meet the press that president barack obama released the memos as a way to move the country forward
an ohio man who told obama at a campaign stop that his plan to raise tax rates on quarter million dollar incomes would keep him from buying the plumbing business he works for
though the entire island officially opened thursday , parts of it already opened weeks ago
looking from the capitol , it s a sea of people from there all the way back to where we are , which is about blocks away .
during my trip to south asia , i saw example after example of women struggling to overcome poverty , illiteracy , inadequate health care and longstanding forms of discrimination .
using a second missile to shoot down an incoming rocket .
the two days of talks between the afghan and us leaders are being billed as a strategy session on combating the taliban insurgency .
begun shortly after the september attacks . nearly lawsuits have been filed accusing at t , verizon and sprint nextel corp .
downing street has not confirmed the reports but foreign ministry sources have told the bbc the process could be slowed down if the situation in iraq worsens .
the white house declined .
an iphone that had the new software appeared to work on the t mobile system just seconds after schulte replaced the at t sim card with a t mobile sim card .
astronomers captured the star s demise using nasa s chandra x ray observatory , and ground based telescopes at the lick observatory in california and the keck observatory in hawaii . the explosion was estimated about million light years away from earth .
the food and drug administration wouldn t say exactly how many cases of sleep driving it had linked to insomnia drugs , but neurology chief dr . russell katz said the agency uncovered more than a dozen reports and is worried that more are going uncounted .
cnn iran will allow united nations weapons inspectors to visit its heavy water research reactor by the end of july , an international atomic energy agency statement says .
carmat s chief operating officer patrick coulombier told the associated press it s the same principle in the airplane as in the body .
after one of the closest presidential elections in u . s . history , johnson was sworn in as vice president on january , .
south of baghdad , a bomb killed a u . s . soldier and wounded three others .
as for the first charge , the sad fact is that corporate america s inability
he says he thinks the epidemic has peaked south of the border
the cars , packed with fuel and nails , could have killed hundreds if they had been set off .
bond also has sex in a buddhist temple .
mudassir khan , a police officer in charsadda , said police and intelligence experts were combing the scene of the bombing for evidence .
using authority granted in the country s billion bailout bill , bush said the treasury would buy into banks in return for shares .
a right wing japanese politician has attempted to justify plans to fingerprint foreigners by claiming he knows an al qaeda member who entered the country illegally .
the father , a teacher who enjoys swimming , coaches his daughter and said the family does not have enough money for her to have a better coach .
the last thing i remember , is what the guys told me that i was out , yelling i was out on the floor and i wasn t breathing .
and because space is tight , food is washed and prepared in an underground kitchen .
in south korea , a spokesman for the hostages families said on friday the mothers of several hostages five women and a translator will travel to the emirate of dubai next week to seek help from the arab world in securing their loved ones release .
it expects sales to grow . percent to . trillion yen .
the area was expecting more flooding monday from the release of dam waters upstream in bulgaria .
the decision came after the airline s management and pilots failed to narrow their differences at saturday s last minute talks that were extended into early yesterday morning .
since may the government s public relations agency has been spearheading the unpopular policy of closing all press rooms in government agencies and consolidating them into a few news conference facilities .
political parody and satire have vanished across the korean media , as the nation s election watchdog has strengthened monitoring efforts on online personal invective and taken some cases to police .
the airstrike may have targeted weapons that were destined for hezbollah militants , according to sources in the region and in the united states . watch a report on the airstrike raquo
nike persisted with this marketing strategy even when american and european teenagers tore off their sneakers or trainers to don british doctor marten boots and other grungy fashion footwear of the early s .
nasa officials cheered and clapped as commander collins made a perfect landing on runway at edwards air force base about minutes before dawn . the shuttle discovery has touched down successfully in california after the first mission since s columbia disaster .
heathrow is the main airport in britain and one of the biggest in the world .
a warren township , ohio , man faces charges of felonious assault after authorities say he fired his rifle at two teens who were attempting to deface his mccain presidential campaign yard sign .
new york dermatologist lance brown says he s seen an increase in patients wanting to look especially good for the event
six people have already been charged over the protests , according to police .
more than of the so called quake lakes were created by the . magnitude quake that devastated the region on may .
four people have been arrested in the united states for allegedly passing secret defense information to china .
the dachigam forest is the catchment area for the springs and underground water channels that feed the dal lake , said mian javed , a senior forest official and wildlife warden .
chipmunks are diurnal animals and they do hibernate , but not right now .
all the hoopla swirling around elden proves that nirvana s musical contribution stands the test of years as a major milestone in music history .
and the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month .
the province of kangwon suffered the highest toll , with confirmed deaths , the international federation of the red cross s terje lysholm said .
both vetoed a un resolution critical of burma s rulers last january .
the report says the owner of the factory , who was charged with some offenses , received little in the way of punishment .
that amount will allow obama to expand his television ad buys greatly in the plus states holding primaries or caucuses tuesday .
she pleaded not guilty in february to misdemeanor driving under the influence .
supporters of thailand s now outlawed thai rak thai party have held protests in the capital bangkok but the rally was smaller than expected .
the index added . percent to finish at , . the day before .
the search is on to find the economic fix that s , to fix the world s economy .
he added , i m hopeful about the future of all towns across ohio and across the country that are struggling .
caucus goer kathy barger , inside a democratic caucus site in walnut , iowa , said the room she is in is packed to the brim with a line out the door .
the raid led to the collapse of a long controversial cease fire between the government of gen . pervez musharraf and tribal leaders in the lawless territories along pakistan s border with afghanistan .
the virus has spread to more than countries around the world .
why he agreed to talk to cnn at this moment remains a mystery to me .
it s great to have such a huge number of elephants , but the increasing man elephant conflict following the shrinkage in their habitat due to the growing human population is giving us nightmares , said pradyut bordoloi , former assam forest and environment minister .
romano prodi , in office for months , had only a slim chance of surviving the vote .
a rare political protest in the chinese territory of macau turned violent after demonstrators clashed with police .
it has since made deployments in the western pacific and participated in operation enduring freedom in iraq .
he told us that he was under a lot of stress , east point police capt . russell popham said . unfortunately , he decided to take his anger out with violence .
the plan will be put into effect after getting approval from cabinet , according to the justice ministry .
somebody told him what to say and what to do and he followed through , she says .
but in a fractious meeting on tuesday , one republican senator sided with democrats demanding a fresh hearing to air allegations that bolton was a serial bully who intimidated junior members of staff .
the label warnings were added after a review by the food and drug administration of its databases found reports of sudden deaths in children treated with adhd drugs and reports of other problems including strokes and fast heart rates between and .
images from space have been around for decades .
on wednesday , school officials in connecticut confirmed that one student at weston high school and one at newton high school had been diagnosed with mrsa .
the nfl playoffs resume this afternoon .
applegate has starred in movies including anchorman
then six , then a dozen .
the year is , and san francisco beckons .
but it s still shocking to think that there are bacteria out there that we cannot treat .
the island of jazirt atta ir is located about miles km from yemen in the red sea .
no damage has been reported from saturday evening s tremor .
south korean people were disappointed by the outcome of the summit between the two leaders , although they have appealed to the united states and the afghan officials to negotiate the release of the hostages .
obama s grandmother dies after battle with cancer
some lebanese and syrian officials have cited links between fatah al islam and al qaeda , but al abssi told the arabic daily newspaper asharq al awsat in march that his group had no organizational connection to al qaeda .
aides say that they are not going to expect president elect to make any on camera statements about this .
the north korean ambassador to the united nations , pak gil yon , read out a combative statement inside the council chambers minutes after the member body voted unanimously to punish the reclusive communist nation for its claimed nuclear test .
on this occasion it was wrong and therefore rob will not be officiating next weekend .
simpson s robbery and kidnapping trial in las vegas .
meanwhile , the korea times quoted us secretary of state condoleezza rice , attending the inauguration monday , as saying that south korea and the united states have enjoyed a wonderful relationship and alliance .
the greek flagged georgis hit a barren inlet as it was coming in to dock in poros , about a mile away , the ministry said .
but the leftist president s opponents said they also venerate bolivar .
iran has installed hundreds of centrifuges within weeks and aims to have , operational by next month .
al qaeda plotter zacarias moussaoui says he has no regret , no remorse for the attacks on september , in the us that killed nearly , people .
it is the determined choice of trust over cynicism , of community over chaos .
he also said communists would rally in across the country for several days to protest what they believe is biased counting .
daylight sensors and occupancy sensors mean lighting isn t used when it s not needed , but workers are also given a huge amount of control over their own environment , regulating air temperature and flow , and lighting levels and direction , from their own work station .
korean electronics firms are feeling growing pressure to retain dominance in major it markets as global rivals are stepping up their offensive .
said the search for a new ceo will encompass both internal and external candidates .
the paper , called rising to the humanitarian challenge in iraq , is the latest documentation of the misery faced by iraqis .
it is strange the last three films i ve done i have been pregnant , said collette , who is currently in sydney with her side project , a rock n roll band that includes galafassi on drums .
the head of president elect barack obama s transition team said sunday that the incoming administration is conducting an extensive review of president bush s executive orders .
the uri party , which suffered crushing defeats in previous polls , fielded only candidates in a total of districts .
he told us he was beginning to descend over the ocean but never said he was about to crash into the water , bom said . there was never any panic in his voice .
the president elect has one eye on the economy and the other on national security today .
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari said the two countries had agreed a common position on fighting terrorism and said iraq would actively help turkey overcome this menace .
britain is amongst the best prepared countries in the world .
you can t solve the problem by limiting choices , he added .
while the accident initially attracted relatively little attention in the mainstream press , ohmynews was aggressive in its coverage .
and the government isn t sure which side to take , according to the joong ang ilbo .
los angeles cnn almost years after the wizard of oz premiered at grauman s chinese theatre , a few of the film s munchkins made a grand entrance there tuesday to receive a collective star on the hollywood walk of fame .
put on a happy face
a man was seen taking underwear from two laundry rooms saturday , a witness recorded his license number , and flaherty was identified from photographs , tennant said .
the dow is down points .
a strong defense of the decision to close down the prison at guantanamo bay , and sharp criticism of the interrogation tactics used by the bush administration
the interfax news agency and the daily kommersant cited unnamed military industrial officials as saying that the subs would be diesel electric models , of the varshavyanka class .
after losing some intensity crossing the peninsula , dean regained some strength wednesday over the warm waters of the gulf of mexico .
kandahar provincial governor assadullah khalid put the death toll at , while another government official said the number wounded was around .
hsbc china s head of personal financial services , catherine fok , said the bank was pleased that the audits went quickly , allowing the bank to begin services quickly .
a number of stations reported they had run out of gas and diesel .
bahadli was wanted on terror related charges , as was his groom , abbas al dobbi , the official said .
it is the first satellite from south korea , and the rd in the world , to be launched from the open sea .
previous artificial hearts have been unable to automatically vary their pumping speed and must be tweaked externally .
the proposal crossed one obstacle yesterday .
jamshidi said iran s judiciary chief , ayatollah heshemi shahroudi , had made recommendations that would ban the practice and said that a measure has been introduced in parliament to stop the punishment .
cnn maybe you really can t have the best of both worlds if you re a teen starlet , no matter what the hannah montana song says .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni says her side is trying to stop militants from firing deadly rockets into israel
what miss lohan did that night was extremely dangerous and reprehensible .
ten countries leading newspapers polled their own citizens in recent weeks to find out how they perceive america and americans , who they support between john kerry and george w . bush , and their views on the war in iraq .
australia swimmer grant hackett has retired after almost a decade of dominance at , meters that saw him narrowly miss out on a hat trick of olympic titles .
israel s military advocate general said the use of cluster bombs by the country s armed forces during last year s war with hezbollah in southern lebanon was done so in accordance with international law and , as a result , he will not file charges against any military officers who ordered their use .
says even companies trying to catch the trendsetters can add to revenues
decani , serbia cnn the visoki decani monastery is nestled in a stunning canyon ringed by rugged mountains , but it s not the altitude that takes your breath away .
the ministry of justice said wednesday that kim kyung joon , founder of the scandal ridden bbk , will be extradited to seoul from the united states in two weeks to face questioning over his stock manipulation and money laundering cases .
the blaze already has burned acres , and the area s dry conditions and high winds are helping it spread .
president roh criticized opponents of capital relocation .
the snow is the latest blow to the airline s hopes of finally running a full schedule from the terminal it opened with great fanfare last week .
republican senator bob corker of tennessee says he doubts a tentative deal will pass
the report estimates that a four month deployment of the additional troops both combat and support could cost billion to billion and a month deployment could cost billion to billion .
but side effects are a problem , and it s unclear whether the findings will make a dent in an addiction that affects millions of americans .
the balloting was annulled by the courts , leaving thailand with a caretaker government and a political crisis that led to thaksin s ouster by the military in september .
the frenchwoman identified as the mother of two babies found in the freezer of their family home in seoul confessed wednesday that she killed a total of three babies , a police source at the french public prosecutor s office told reuters .
john lennon appeared naked and clint eastwood was bound with ropes , but leibovitz opted to have her subject in full evening dress for an official portrait marking the queen s visit to the united states .
in the latest edition of the journal current biology , safran and her colleagues report that they ve followed up on the males with the magic marker makeovers and have found something surprising .
mark smith , at the white house .
giovanni recalled thinking , but the students later explained , he s taking photographs of us .
economist david wyss of standard poor s wasn t expecting first time claims for unemployment benefits to jump last week to more than a half million
at least three four star generals approached by the white house about the job have declined consideration , the washington post reported wednesday .
i have been saying for years that we would be in this sad situation and this critical situation we are in today , he said .
a number of major studios have agreed to let their movies be rented through moviepoint kiosks , and investors in the startup include some big name film execs .
the air force reported it had no aircraft flying that night , which left people wondering what they saw .
the hamas television station al aqsa showed the body of nizar rayan , one of the main founders of hamas and a commander in northern gaza , being pulled from the rubble of his house in jabaliya , north of gaza city .
as the fbi warned that terrorists may try to use small aircraft for suicide attacks , the nation s nuclear power plants were placed on a heightened state of alert .
scientists are concerned that the widespread use of these antibiotics in animals , alongside the well documented over prescription of drugs by doctors , is contributing to rising human resistance to the drugs .
two years ago , zapeta was ready to return to guatemala , so he carried a duffel bag filled with , all the cash he had scrimped and saved over the years to the fort lauderdale hollywood international airport .
portland , oregon cnn the fbi is making a new stab at identifying mysterious skyjacker d . b . cooper , who bailed out of an airliner in and vanished .
and iraq s neighbors , as well as the international community , have a clear role to play in supporting the iraqi government s efforts to promote peace and national reconciliation within the country .
senegalese president abdoulaye wade facilitated the talks , and united nations secretary general ban ki moon met with officials from both nations and witnessed the signing of the agreement at about p . m .
the iaea said in a report on wednesday that iran was making substantial advances in uranium enrichment .
he served as assistant secretary of state for east asia and pacific affairs between and is believed to have sparked north korean us mistrust by misreading the intentions of north korea at a meeting in pyongyang during his tenure at the state department .
my guards cannot patrol in the night because of stringent security in forest areas , but smugglers can smuggle their pack mules on the same routes , he said .
in the jungle near the house , there are jaguars , hawks , snakes , lima told the radio station . but his guardian angel and god protected my son .
but the deputy emergency relief coordinator for the united nations , margareta wahlstrvm , said people were killed .
the front runners were two former comrades in east timor s resistance to indonesian rule , independence hero xanana gusmao and mari alkatiri , the leader of the incumbent fretilin party .
connie mack and ileana ros lehtinen , both florida republicans , have called for the state department to add venezuela to its list of terror sponsors , which includes north korea , iran , syria , sudan and cuba .
but with muhammad ali lookalike tsonga coming out swinging as he did in his straight sets upset over second seed rafael nadal in their last four clash , that streak came to a sudden end when the frenchman broke twice to take the opener in
the soldiers had disappeared after militants attacked security posts and an army patrol outside the town of mir ali over the weekend .
he has hired viagen , a company in austin , texas , that has already cloned other livestock .
they also showed more stress , such as licking or scratching themselves .
it was yeltsin s russia , which recognized lithuania s independence by signing a bilateral treaty in the summer of .
state department provided nearly million so the event could be held .
parts of venice neck deep in flood water
with the exception of wheat beers , the beer is served just one way in liter steins costing about .
a source tells the associated press justice david souter is hanging up his robe at the end of this term .
he bought food for his captives and took it to them in evening .
at least , riot police were deployed to guard the mile kilometer route , which started at olympic park , built when seoul hosted the summer games in , and winds down at city hall in central seoul .
cuban state television was broadcasting chavez s program live from santa clara , where the communist government last week commemorated the th anniversary of guevara s death .
the handful of surviving world war i veterans were celebrated tuesday as part of th anniversary commemorations of the conflict that was meant to end all wars .
gm and chrysler say they need a total of billion in federal loans this month .
ap special correspondent linda deutsch has been covering simpson since his ex wife was murdered .
egypt prepared thursday for a strictly controlled military funeral for yasser arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects , but where the people among whom arafat was by far more popular will be mostly shut out .
items featured on osbourne s hit mtv show were the most popular , julien said .
when it comes to governing , many kuwaitis still believe a woman s place is far from parliament .
the hartford courant is among the papers backing obama for what it says is obama s elevating can do message and calm temperament for these anxious times .
contestants are judged on skills such as hairdressing .
let s see how president abbas deals with the new circumstances .
the man who commands the philippines marines has been removed from his post , prompting a brief stand off between his supporters and those of the president .
the two lawyers shot on tuesday were defending saddam hussein s half brother barzan ibrahim al tikriti , and former vice president taha yassin ramadan .
gershman has said zapeta s attorney , robert gershman , said zapeta was not trying to conceal the money , but he did not know the law .
come on , i m a blind man who loves cocaine who was suddenly appointed governor of new york . my life is an actual plot from a richard pryor movie , armisen said in the skit .
i imagine this is an animal that could haul itself over sand banks without any difficulty . maybe it s poking around in semi tidal creeks , picking up fish that got stranded .
for the past few weeks , top level mediators from france , saudi arabia , jordan and other countries have been trying unsuccessfully to break the deadlock .
fiorentina striker adrian mutu earned the visitors a point with a th minute header after milan playmaker kaka had scored from the penalty spot in the th minute .
the survey was published in foreign policy magazine and the center for a new american security .
it s made from percent water and percent chemical solution that is harmless .
what personality types might best be suited to make the million mile journey and who would be better off watching from mission control .
thanks to the same economic forces that are causing at t to lay off workers right now .
opponents of the abortion law have said they will challenge it in the courts .
the protesters later joined the anti impeachment candlelight vigil .
we now verified that all five nuclear facilities has been shut down and that appropriate measures have been put in place including sealing some of these facilities , international atomic energy agency chief mohamed elbaradei told reporters in kuala lumpur , malaysia .
demonstrators who weren t fast enough are searched and loaded onto trucks by men who are not wearing uniforms , apparently plain clothes intelligence officers operating in their midst .
the blaze started near a stage where fireworks were being used as part of a performance on the club s closing night , police maj . gen . chokchai deeprasertwit said .
the energy trading firm went from being the us s seventh largest company to bankruptcy , amid allegations of accounting irregularities .
most are still inhabited and more than , huddle in alberobello .
california gov . arnold schwarzenegger on monday declared a fiscal emergency , calling for fast legislative action to alleviate the state s . billion shortfall in revenue .
petacchi has dominated sprint finishes in recent years and wanted to win his third stage of this year s giro in lido di camaiore but he was edged into third in a mass sprint finish behind napolitano and australia s robbie mcewen .
bush and most democrats support creating a guest worker program and a path to citizenship for the estimated million immigrants already in the country illegally .
more job losses announced just today
seven civilian defense department employees also have been killed .
the old guy , warner , almost won .
the city also encouraged the homeless to use shelters .
bush insisted there was no contradiction between statements from his administration and the u . s . military .
with as much as billion in expected startup capital , backers say the banco del sur , or bank of the south , will offer latin american countries loans with fewer strings attached than those given by the world bank , the international monetary fund or the inter american development bank .
it would be completely counterproductive for the united states to launch military strikes in the pakistani tribal regions where al qaeda and taliban militants have created safe havens , pakistan s foreign minister said sunday .
another wrote a first person account of her husband preparing her a birthday breakfast .
and the pakistan muslim league n , led by former prime minister nawaz sharif , was reported leading in the cities of rawalpindi and lahore .
embassy in seoul confirmed the state department s approval of the extradition of the stock manipulator to korea .
the us house of representatives has voted to approve government funding for embryonic stem cell research . the vote sets up a confrontation with president bush , who has vowed to veto the bill , if it passes the senate .
song also called the north an unpredictable state that causes constant headaches .
the music has been frozen in time by symbolism , mitchell said on his web site , which details the year project to crack the chapel s code .
the space agency has only three weeks to launch the lander before being forced to wait two years , and officials have indicated they would probably put that flight ahead of endeavour s .
sharif s deportation is in accordance with law and ethics , interior minister aftab khan sherpao told local media , ap reported .
a hard won disarmament pact that the u . s . and four other nations struck with north korea requires the communist nation to halt its nuclear programs in exchange for oil .
the parliamentary votes mark a significant win for opposition leader raila odinga .
thailand has long depended on inexpensive labor from neighboring countries , including cambodia , laos and myanmar , which formerly was known as burma .
the portion aired by al jazeera showed preparations being made for the bombing , followed by the actual blast and a statement from the leader of the group , abu musab abdel wadud , promising more attacks and urging young muslims to volunteer for martyrdom .
as of tuesday , of wildfires in southern california were completely under control , and the remainder were at least percent contained , according to the department of forestry and fire protection .
seven candidates ran in and seven in . past presidential elections have traditionally been close races between liberals and conservatives , but in this year s race , the conservatives hold an overwhelming lead in part because of the low ratings of liberal president roh moo hyun .
liancourt rocks , the french name of the island , originates from a french whaling ship that discovered the island in .
the floods have killed at least people and displaced hundreds of thousands since the summer in central and eastern africa .
south korea s central bank said sunday its losses sharply narrowed last year as the local currency s weakness against the u . s . dollar boosted the won conversion value of assets in foreign currency .
whoever said that , my ex husband or whatever , i m not the party mom !
he shot the film in just days with a cast of real high school students , not actors .
the speakers addressed the crowd from behind bulletproof glass , calling for approval of a u . n . created tribunal to try suspects in the hariri assassination .
fort worth , texas cnn another memorable shot , and another victory , for phil mickelson s impressive ledger .
during the coming two months , colom will put together his transition team and name his cabinet members .
a spokeswoman for clarence house confirmed harry and his friend were in the area at the time and that police had been in contact with them .
when the designer announced his retirement in at age and the closure of the paris based haute couture house he had founded years earlier , it was mourned in the fashion world as the end of an era .
after beginning as a series of short animated segments on the tracey ullman show , the simpsons debuted as a half hour sitcom during the season on the struggling new fox network .
firefighters had to extract bollea and graziano from the wreckage .
at the start of the week it was trading above , .
moscow used to fulfil that role but has been noticeably silent on the end of the fidel era .
critics say china executes more people than any country in the world .
buffalo mayor byron w . brown ordered that all flags on city property be lowered immediately to half staff in russert s honor .
japan s cityscapes already glow with neon signs that prove the point
the five year term of current bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui ends wednesday .
there s still quite a bit of work to be done to make the current system viable on a large scale , but the baking soda idea offers solutions to some of the economic problems posed by other carbon sequestration methods .
in alabama , a dusk to dawn curfew was imposed on enterprise to help keep roads clear for emergency workers , who were working overnight to search the damaged buildings , enterprise mayor kenneth boswell said .
the impeachment panel was urged to issue the subpoenas last week in a letter from blagojevich s attorney , ed genson .
he also will make periodic visits to emory , the statement said .
among the areas under threat are the christian communities on the island of sulawesi that he says attacked muslims .
it looks like a very sweet deal for citigroup management , very sweet deal for citigroup shareholders , the extent they have anything left , and uh , not very good for the taxpayer .
a senior us envoy has urged pakistani president pervez musharraf to lift emergency rule and free opponents ahead of elections due in january .
even though the world trade center ceremony gathering was moved out of ground zero , an estimated , family members descended briefly into the site to lay flowers near the twin towers footprints .
south korea s consumer prices have risen rapidly over the last few years , narrowing the gap with those of the united states .
president roh has not told me anything about a cabinet reshuffle yet , she said during a lunch meeting with journalists at her residence in samchong dong , seoul .
ronaldo was able to climb out of the vehicle and was spoken to by police at the scene according to pa .
dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank .
obama noted he will need support from both democrats and republicans to pass such a plan , and said he welcomes suggestions from both sides of the aisle .
huseyin kalkan , leader of the city of batman in southeastern turkey , plans to sue christopher nolan , director of the latest batman movie the dark knight , for taking its name without consultation , according to media reports .
the protest was the largest in the latest series to erupt in yangon .
congress sent president bush legislation friday to intensify anti terror efforts in the u . s . , shifting money to high risk states and cities and expanding screening of air and sea cargo to stave off future september style attacks .
he was dressed in a white sherwani , a traditional south asian coat like garment .
the cult members have gathered enough food supplies to last until spring , according to the agency .
for decades , people have come to visit the beach , which is listed in nudist guides and on web sites .
the four activists were atop the airbus a for about an hour and a half before airport security plucked them off in a cherry picker crane and police arrested them , authorities said .
baghdad , iraq cnn anti u . s . shiite cleric and militia leader muqtada al sadr will announce monday the departure of his movement s six ministers from iraq s government to press demands for the u . s . to leave iraq , the bloc s spokesman saleh al ageili told cnn .
amassing huge trillions of dollars worth of debt on the backs of our children is not the way forward .
president elect barack obama has named his top scientific advisors , including leading climate change scientist , harvard physicist john holdren and marine biologist jane lubchenco .
residents of corleone , the italian village made famous by hollywood s godfather movie trilogy , have come up with a food fit to frighten mobsters
after reaching an accord with the united states earlier this year , seoul has held four rounds of negotiations with brussels on a free trade agreement that could provide asia s third largest economy with a commercial bridge to europe .
british airways , the sole occupiers of the terminal , said flights have been canceled sunday .
a suicide car bomb struck an iraqi police checkpoint outside police headquarters in mosul on monday , killing nine people , including four police officers , and wounding people , a mosul police official said .
the voice was unmistakable .
the man , blagojevich has appointed to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat roland burris , is heading to washington to talk with congressional leaders about their refusal to allow him to take the seat .
as you know there have been problems in the north west frontier of pakistan , there have been suicide bombings , three chinese have been killed there and further we have got a situation on our borders with afghanistan where the war on terror is going on , azim said .
ex has the revolt been contained ?
in baghdad , ahmet davutogulu , chief foreign policy adviser to turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , said the campaign was targeted solely against kurdistan workers party pkk militants responsible for cross border attacks against turkish targets .
capt . mike benke , years
in , the united nations cultural organization unesco warned venice a designated world heritage site
current security conditions on the korean peninsula are grave .
further down the highway at stanford university , there s the titillation of a couple coeds sunbathing in their bikinis .
clinton and obama s battle for the democratic presidential nomination took on new energy this week when after clinton s comeback victories in ohio and texas tuesday .
on saturday , attacks against shiite pilgrims killed three and wounded at least seven others .
later they were moved into a farmhouse . six days later , they were separated into groups of three or four and kept on the move .
for the next eight hours , until his phone went dead , de carli maintained contact with the team , using a gps device to report his position as he descended .
the next meeting was set for monday .
radcliffe , , earned rave reviews for his performance in the london production of the tony award winning play .
celebrity magazines reported this week that murphy had become engaged to his girlfriend of months , tracey edmonds . murphy has five children from his first marriage to nicole mitchell , which ended in divorce in april .
that , from berlin , and this tape from wcbs , this new york demonstrator says she s concerned about the civilian casualties
experts say the need for jobs depends greatly on whether the world economy continues to expand .
benazir bhutto s opposition party will not join a boycott against saturday s vote that is expected to give gen . pervez musharraf a third term as pakistan s president , but the self exiled opposition leader said , we will not be voting for him .
one of the country s most violent slums and the epicenter of several of the war s pitched battles .
the four men and three women , mostly in their s , were found dead on tuesday in a car parked on a mountain road in minano in saitama prefecture near tokyo , officers said .
he urged the man to come forward so that police can rule him out as a suspect if they determine that he is not involved in madeleine s disappearance .
jiminez said marulanda was replaced by alfonso cano , a longtime ideologue for the group .
ronaldinho scored two trademark free kicks as barcelona beat real betis to move within a point of leaders real madrid at the top of the primera liga table .
a reuters cameraman and two bystanders were killed in an apparent airstrike near el bureij refugee camp in central gaza , according to hamas security sources and palestinian medical sources .
as part of that pledge , he launched a new virgin fuels business , which is to invest up to million in green energy projects in the next three years .
the department of homeland security s new electronic system for travel authorization esta will become mandatory on january , .
back in the old ma bell days , for instance , when at t was the telecommunications industry , it employed a little more than , people .
the idea of the love locks is not new in italy . but ponte milvio owes its new reputation mainly due to two novels depicting the love of roman teenagers .
but it says the remark now can be written off as the bragging of a young man wrestling with unexpected success .
more than people from the uk who have committed suicide in switzerland have traveled to the dignitas clinic in forch .
cnn a magnitude . earthquake struck off the coast of central peru on wednesday evening , killing people and leaving hurt , peruvian media reported .
u . s . district judge denny chin ruled monday that the trademark infringement claim can proceed , but he dismissed the privacy claim , saying new york law protects the name , portrait , or picture of a living person , not a character created or a role performed by a living person , according to new release from the court .
i just kept punching , punching , punching at the shark until it swam away , she said .
marlboro had always been the most popular cigarette in the west bank and gaza strip , favored especially by palestinian men in their s and s as a status symbol
he was very silent , said sheehan , one of only four students in her student german class who were not shot .
clinton , a candidate for the democratic presidential nomination , was scheduled to speak at p . m . at a democratic national committee event , but canceled the talk because of the situation , dnc chairman howard dean said .
a high ranking north korean official expressed strong discontent over the south s lackluster attitude toward the kaesong industrial complex , just north of the demilitarized zone dmz .
the deadline for potential presidential candidates to quit their elected party leadership posts is june , a year and a half before election day .
police officers caught littering , parking in a prohibited area , or arriving late among other misdemeanors will be forced to stay in the division office and wear the armband all day , said police col . pongpat chayaphan .
the russian foreign ministry said one of the plane s propellers broke off during takeoff and one of its wings was sheared off as it hit a bank of trees , ap reported .
sunday s attack occurred on one of the holiest days of the muslim calendar , eid al fitr , which marks the end of the holy month of ramadan , and came weeks before two major hindu festivals , dussehra and diwali .
scientists at the national oceanic and atmospheric administration at the alaska fisheries science center in seattle measured , photographed and documented the fish .
in one game , orangutans choose identical photographs or match orangutan sounds with photos of the animals correct answers are rewarded with food pellets .
a provincial police official admitted to detaining several hundred trouble makers .
wilson s screen credits include wedding crashers and you , me and dupree . he was nominated for a screenwriting oscar for s the royal tenenbaums .
the u . s . national intelligence estimate on iran released last week said iran halted work toward a nuclear weapon while under international scrutiny in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until to .
motorola , the second largest maker of mobile phones after nokia , declined to comment on the speculation and did not mention him in the statement .
russia s sharapova , , is more at ease on faster surfaces and had never gone beyond the quarter finals on the paris clay before this year .
the home of palestinian prime minister ismail haniya , a hamas member , came under attack tuesday for the second day , the hamas media office reported .
he also raised concerns that trying and executing the men unfairly could make them martyrs in the eyes of extremists .
other list makers include scarlett johansson , mathew mcconaughey , jennifer aniston , reese witherspoon , halle berry , julia roberts , jennifer lopez and wentworth miller . another world title for singer rain this time , he was crowned as one of people magazine s most beautiful .
putin , who spent the past eight years as russian president , could be taking a great deal of power with him to the premiership .
howard who faces reelection this year is a staunch supporter of president bush and committed australian troops to help the u . s . led invasion of iraq in .
but having viewed the footage , webb felt it was inconclusive and could not recommend issuing retrospective charges against any player .
after the shooting at northern illinois university last week , students on campuses across the country are wondering whether they are safe .
the washington tournament runs august with the u . s . open beginning on august .
lee is in london to promote the good , the bad , the weird , and is polite and unassuming in person , taking time to reflect as he delivers his responses in english .
in chengdu , the capital of sichuan , the three minutes was followed by shouts of support for the recovery effort , cnn correspondent eunice yoon said .
analysts were divided over greenspan s comments , some fearing a bursting of the stock market bubble but others suggesting his views were overstated .
members of parliament mps gathered less than a week after a massive bomb ripped through christian neighborhood in east beirut killing at least five people , including anti syrian lebanese parliamentarian antoine ghanem .
the now discarded winning lyrics had begun with , viva espana , or long live spain , and critics complained that phrase harkened back to the right wing dictatorship of general francisco franco , who led a military uprising in against the elected government and won a civil war , ruling spain until his death in .
according to the plan , the lake which has been rising about . meters daily and was seven meters from the top of its naturally formed dam would spill into its man made canal between now and thursday .
spain s interior minister last friday said an informant warned of a planned suicide attack against barcelona s metro on the weekend of january to . but he added that , for now , there is only the testimony of an informant regarding the timing .
an internet ad slamming sen . hillary clinton and promoting sen . barack obama has been viewed more than a million times on youtube , but no one knows just who is behind the elaborately produced spot .
musharraf was said to be considering the move , which would bolster military rule and suspend democratic freedoms , amid security concerns that pose the biggest threat to army chief s rule since he seized power in a coup in .
it s really something that nobody wants .
the three senso ji temple mikoshi weigh about a ton and are decorated in gold leaf and adorned with gold sculptures .
pecifically , there were cases where landlords demanded foreigners pay higher rents than they would ask koreans , the board said .
avenir s supporters argued the online group he ran was no different from any kind of homework help or tutoring circle .
pakistan is struggling to combat a tide of islamic militancy particularly in its volatile northwest .
a high ranking north korean official expressed strong discontent over the south s lackluster attitude toward the kaesong industrial complex , just north of the demilitarized zone dmz .
in comparison to a typical laptop , the one laptop design is
health officials in mexico say the number of suspected swine flu deaths has now topped with more than , cases overall .
the ruling uri party has decided to request prime minister lee hae chan s resignation over a recent golf game scandal , party officials said yesterday .
after entering iraq , the korean soldiers traveled , kilometers across the country to reach their destination , the defense ministry said .
at last week s new york international automobile show , families posed for pictures in front of the , bmw
even though she discussed being obama s running mate , her campaign chairman earlier in the day said clinton was absolutely not prepared to concede the race after the polls close tonight in montana and south dakota , the final two contests on the primary calendar .
on top of overcrowding , animal rescue charities face another problem they rely on charity donations and are likely to suffer in those terms .
kobe bryant scored points and had rebounds , to lead the lakers to a rout of phoenix .
the taliban seized the group of last month as they travelled by bus on the main highway from kandahar to kabul .
there s an urgency with the threat of development in the mekong countries .
the handover of basra became official with the signing of a memorandum of understanding by iraqi and british officials .
they want something new and different and do something they can t get at home .
he knows .
edgar eusebio millan gomez was shot nine times , including in the throat , a statement from the department said .
other white house officials who left after the election include white house counselor dan bartlett , budget director rob portman , chief white house attorney harriet miers , political director sara taylor and deputy national security adviser j . d . crouch .
an investigation has begun into the riots and deaths .
the incident at the whistler blackcomb resort , kilometers miles north of vancouver , occurred when a support tower for the gondola system snapped in half .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
and they d like to contract with more american companies to produce all kinds of goods .
all five plan to appeal their sentences , chief defense attorney khalil al dulaimi told cnn .
north korea will take part in the six party denuclearization talks in early november as scheduled , the north s korean central news agency kcna reported on monday .
he is accused of fathering children with a daughter he kept locked in a basement .
before a backdrop reading solutions for a strong military , clinton accused mccain of wanting to keep troops in iraq for up to years , an allegation the republican s campaign has disputed .
gul is set to win the third round of voting when the ak party only needs an absolute majority to secure the post . in the previous two rounds in the chamber they failed because a two thirds majority was required .
george lucas is planning a live action television series spinoff of the star wars film franchise .
she is expected to speak today .
ban ki moon showed up in afghanistan , saying many challenges remain for the country , where the us is at war with extremists
more than four fifths of the , delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and more than , of the , necessary delegates on the republican side are at stake .
the two sides could not agree , and when the armenians tried to begin the procession , the greek monks stepped in and the fighting began , the ap reported .
former us vice president al gore has ruled out again making a late entry into the presidential race .
hybrid vehicles run on a combination of gasoline and electricity , emitting less exhaust and achieving higher gas mileage per gallon .
the lymphatic system is a key vehicle for the spread of cancer .
in return , seoul is expected to accept a u . s . demand that it fully opens its door to u . s . beef .
fueling is under way at the kennedy space center , as nasa readies the space shuttle discovery for launch tonight .
the local currency rose against the u . s . dollar .
iraqi forces will protect the convoys once they cross into anbar province and will accompany the buses to the capital .
some lebanese and up to israelis have died in days of conflict .
they are so avant garde in their skills that they invent solutions to imaginary problems while forgetting what their customers really need in the workaday world .
then he remembered his new wii .
the nominees , picked by youtube , are compiled in a gallery at www . youtube . com ytawards .
before the ban , elephants worked in mumbai .
hollywood actors emile hirsch , john goodman , susan sarandon and christina ricci will also attend the press conference .
the lack of a true democratic culture . instead , she said , the country is run by power grabbers .
this is panmunjom , the truce village and a meeting point of the two koreas ground zero of what s left of the cold war .
lisa perry wants a fresh start .
swashbuckling gonzalez will not get a chance to repeat his australian open heroics after he slumped to a defeat by radek stepanek in the first round .
our primary focus will continue to bring all those responsible for these crimes , most notably the omagh bombing , before the courts , a police statement said . our investigations will continue and we would ask anyone with information about these crimes to come forward .
the korea herald reports president roh moo hyun is highly likely to nominate his national security aide and former envoy to nuclear talks song min soon as the new foreign minister , quoting government sources .
it was the latest brush with humans for the year old sea lion , called astro by staffers at the marin headlands based marine mammal center .
it s one of its biggest failures , athar minullah , a spokesman for pakistan s deposed chief justice , told cnn .
did he survive the jump ?
we had fantastic discussion on the best national leagues last week , and now we are talking about the national teams on the rise .
the attendants helped authorities make a sketch and later picked miller out of a lineup .
not everyone shares goldman s view .
the king was widely applauded in the media back home .
kerry accused bush of making the world angry at the u . s .
so there will be a healthy atmosphere throughout the country , he told ap television news . the leadership of the country is interested in the family .
we think the verdict vindicates the serious public interest in making sure that when insiders in a corporation deal with money entrusted to them by the shareholders , that they not break the law to benefit themselves instead of the shareholders , he said .
the garuda airlines boeing crashed as it landed at yogyakarta airport on march th , killing of the people on board .
karamanlis also visited tripolis in the peloponnese .
she had not missed a major since her grand slam debut at the australian open .
today , though , most of the inner cities remain essentially , shockingly unchanged , in some cases even worse .
the fact that snipes was acquitted on two felony charges and convicted only on three misdemeanor counts has been portrayed in the mainstream media as a victory for snipes , the government document says .
more than , passengers made it safely onto trains in a hour period , said xian wei xiong , guangzhou s transportation director .
the sentencing hearing for lance cpl . larry a . dean , , is scheduled to begin on friday .
its chairman is the chief justice and many members appear to be retired doctors or professors .
another way of measuring the quantity of education is to use school enrollment ratios .
disney s magic and wonder also have pools with separation filtration systems that allow diapered toddlers to swim .
ultimately , some experts argue , the government should stop ordering people when to take a break and instead mandate a paid vacation system , as many other countries have .
i don t know how many babies i have put there , maybe thousands , said kishore , pointing to the dirt blackened , still waters of the yamuna , which flows through east delhi , soaking up the city s sewage and effluents , most of it untreated .
the event was organized by a group called bersih which is made up of opposition parties and dozens of non governmental organizations .
the proposed mile tunnel would be the longest in the world .
her most recent album , back to black , topped the british charts and produced the hit single rehab .
there are no injuries , although some of the neighboring buildings were evacuated because of the blaze .
in a four way matchup that includes independent candidate ralph nader and libertarian candidate bob barr , obama s lead over mccain dwindles to percentage points , percent to percent .
matsui had right knee surgery during the offseason , but it s his left knee that is hurting .
you re likely to find many at peninsula point , a resting spot on the upper peninsula .
the most popular one asks
two of the civilians were critically wounded the rest were not seriously hurt .
a chunk of metal from a truck flew over a safety barrier into the grandstands friday night , killing a year old boy .
nevertheless , lee s grand national party acted yesterday as if the meeting is still on , while lee took a wait and see approach .
winnie sseruma has been living with the disease for over years .
egu village , ethiopia cnn a year of drought and soaring food prices has threatened the lives of tens of thousands of ethiopian children .
alexander vinokourov s hopes of winning the tour de france ended in tears when he failed to keep up with the top contenders in the ninth stage , a . km ride from val d isere to briancon on tuesday .
prime minister costas karamanlis , who faces general elections sept . , toured fire stricken areas monday .
the united states government is acting .
instead , chirac said , the danger lies in the chances of proliferation or an arms race in the middle east should iran build a nuclear bomb .
the case has sparked outrage among human rights groups .
tom neumayr , an apple spokesman , confirmed the june sale date .
our country , and the entire international community , cannot stand by as a terror supporting state fulfills its grandest ambitions , cheney said in a speech to the washington institute for near east studies .
rolling stones guitarist keith richards has demanded an apology from swedish newspapers for their scathing reviews of the group s performance in the country earlier this month .
enjoyable as is , and sure as you can already hear box office records breaking , this feels like the natural parting of the ways .
the indivisible integrity of secularism and democracy lays the foundations of the turkish republic , a sacrifice of one for the other is unthinkable . turkey can healthily emerge from this process by lowering tensions and renewing the will of the nation .
that s an increase of more than a million from the year before , three out of americans are now living below the poverty line the highest poverty rate in a decade .
a few punches and kicks and the enemy is down .
global tourism slowed sharply in the summer as travelers , frightened by the financial crisis , cut back on their spending .
once thought to be infiltrated by death squads , the ministry now is trying to root out sectarian violence as well as improve its p . r . image .
the courthouse was packed with journalists and relatives of victims who had closely followed the five week trial .
the study looked at myspace profiles of people who identified themselves as year old males and females in the united states .
the official death toll from the quake has risen to , , china s civil affairs ministry reported on tuesday , an increase of .
the bet was popular with everyone klein and harrell knew .
cnn s harris whitbeck was at the scene of the crash wednesday . the building that the plane hit is a concrete structure that looks like it was literally blown out , whitbeck reported .
the coast of the abel tasman national park has to be one of the most beautiful places in the world .
newman won an oscar for his leading role in s the color of money .
the council already has imposed sanctions on iran for failing to meet requirements set out by the international atomic energy agency , the u . n . nuclear watchdog .
it is the first primary to take place since mississippi s in early march .
after the male captives , it will be women s turn and the interval between killings will be shortened each time , the purported spokesman said .
joshua myers wife and young daughter were gunned down while on a porch
when you have a billion package that is yet to be implemented that we actually think will solve the problem of unlocking the credit markets and will stimulate the economy , we need to give a little bit of time for that to work . two weeks from today , voters will have their say on the presidential candidates .
al masri fled afghanistan after the u . s . invasion that followed those attacks , but continued to operate along the mountainous border region with pakistan .
his comments follow a report that rice is angling for the no . spot on the republican presidential ticket .
the korea times reports the isi is an annual measurement that combines variables in four columns to quantify ability of countries to access and absorb information and information technologies .
because the region is so remote most of the roads were cut off by landslides the government has brought the equipment and personnel in with russian military helicopters .
torres controlled a cross inside the area and beat inter goalkeeper julio cesar with a low shot in the th minute .
the boy was found dead in his bed thursday in a suburb south of chicago .
surrogacy experts say because the practice is not regulated , many surrogacy arrangements are handled privately by individuals .
back in , a single cash stash of million yen , went unclaimed , and its finder became keeper , hasuda said .
it was among the wackiest endings in baseball history , a best of seven series turned into a best of showdown when play resumed in the bottom of the sixth inning tied at .
but nineteen minutes isn t the only new project bearing the year old writer s name .
it would give the public a stake in citi , dilute the value of current shares , and cancel dividends .
they finished work on the channel sunday .
we have our differences with syria , no question about it .
he said there was diplomatic contact yesterday through the new york channel , although he did not provide any details of the meetings .
a carjacker pulled loginova out of her porsche cayenne sunday in moscow .
palm oil is used in food products ranging from potato chips to cream cheese and is also used for biofuel .
the next step is to find ways to make it more enjoyable . here s how
the baby , lali , apparently has an extremely rare condition known as craniofacial duplication , where a single head has two faces .
we are progressing on the security issue day by day because we are having security responsibility handed over to us continuously , al maliki said . we see no need for a withdrawal timetable because we are working as fast as we can .
the ufl is a computerized command post exercise of the two militaries to simulate the allies joint war scenario , operation plan .
the bush administration has shunned syria , accusing it of fueling tensions in iraq and lebanon , and it assailed house speaker nancy pelosi for her visit last month to damascus .
the scientists studied layers of sediment dated to , years ago at six north american locations , including one directly on top of a clovis site in murray springs , arizona .
other big nomination winners were the the dark knight featuring the late heath ledger with nine , clint eastwood s changeling with eight and frost nixon six .
a cargo ship , with crew members on board , sank after it crashed into another ship about gmt tuesday , xinhua said .
hillary clinton and barack obama on thursday laid out their proposals to reinvigorate the economy as they attacked sen . john mccain s plan as ineffective .
baghdad , iraq weeping tears of joy and pride , iraq s soccer champions arrived home on friday to celebrate the asian cup victory that inspired their nation , but heavy security meant few baghdadis were able to join the party .
this research shows that more of the male cheetah population are contributing to the next generation than we had expected , said sarah durant , leader of the serengeti cheetah project since .
insurgents had threatened to kill the boys or their families if they refused to comply with the training , deputy interior minister kamal ali hussein told reporters .
army lt . col . dominic rocky baragona was just an hour away from a u . s . base in kuwait ultimately headed home to the united states when a tractor trailer operated by kuwait and gulf link transport company slammed into his humvee on may , , killing him instantly .
he has accused the year old ruler in power since independence in of plotting a campaign of violence to stay in office .
the coalition government had vowed to reinstate the judges within days of taking office a deadline that expired wednesday night .
a group of foreign teachers has started a move to form an association for native english speaking instructors to represent their interests and to play a bridging role between korean and non korean english teachers .
the beijing olympics are expected to be the most profitable in the games history , attracting , foreign visitors .
the man shouted and the crowd repeated . no to abortion !
daniel james , , from sinton green in western england was paralyzed from the chest down in march when a rugby scrum collapsed on top of him during match practice , dislocating his spine , the uk s press association has reported .
dramatic new evidence has emerged concerning the final hours of otzi , the bronze age hunter whose frozen body was found in the alps in .
nasa released the first three dimensional images of the sun monday , saying the photos taken from twin spacecraft may lead to better predictions of solar eruptions that can affect communications and power lines on earth .
the korea herald reports the grand national party yesterday intensified attacks against the presidential office over the scandals surrounding cheong wa dae officials , and the alleged probe into their presidential candidate lee myung bak .
spoiler nothing , says pilot henrique stephanini di sacco , , giving the first indication that something is wrong .
gunmen opened fire on students returning from a march wednesday in which , people denounced president hugo chavez s attempts to expand his power .
authorities did not say what caused the collision .
pack carry on bags as neatly as possible and layer items .
roh met kim in pyongyang in october only the second ever meeting between leaders of the two koreas since the peninsula s division after world war ii . the summit produced a wide ranging accord on promoting peace and expanding economic cooperation .
he may wield influence over them , but his followers say don t expect them to go the way of people who believed in david koresh and jim jones .
police raided villiers le bel and three neighboring towns as part of the investigation into november riots , police said .
beijing has accused the dalai lama of being behind the demonstrations the biggest against china for years , which have left several people dead .
activists have also criticized the public for buying cute little dogs and then dumping them on the streets when they grow big and old .
we sipped coffee uneasily as we waited for meshaal to emerge for an interview that was more than three years in the making .
extending the detention by one more year amounts to ignoring calls by world leaders for her release , a statement by the nld said .
china must build a society that conserves its resources and protects its environment , wen said .
the monkeys have stolen crops and destroyed about hectares acres of farmland including around the th century buddhist temple complex outside the sultanate of yogyakarta .
actor on destroyed home
in a statement adopted at the end of a party caucus , the party expressed profound regret for failing to keep to their promise that they would abandon their parliamentary seats .
investigators said the former governing uri party lawmaker is suspected of having made backdoor deals with the former head of the wiretapping team kong un yong after seizing tapes from him in november .
a statewide moment of silence will be observed at eastern time .
clinton began april in debt , according to financial reports filed over the weekend with the federal election commission . she had about million cash on hand , but only million of that total represents funds that can be spent in the primary races .
there is no taliban offensive being launched , he said at a conference at the french institute of international relations think tank , referring to the extremist islamic militia that once ran afghanistan .
a segment of the mandible was removed , and two operations to replace that segment were both unsuccessful , leading to unanticipated bleeding .
he signed with the galaxy in january in a money spinning five year deal which stunned the football world .
at a cabinet meeting tuesday , the ministry of justice said it would instruct the prosecution to stiffen punishment on sex offenders against children or young students through revisions of the law .
at least people have been killed in flooding in the dominican republic following torrential rains dumped by tropical storm noel . the deaths were reported in the dominican capital santo domingo , and along the south coast .
the medical law was established in and underwent major reforms in and .
spokesperson dana perino confirmed reports that the u . s . could soon join the united kingdom , iceland and italy in announcing a plan to inject capital directly into their troubled banking systems .
youtube sensation straight no chaser becomes hit
chrysler llc announced late wednesday that it is stopping all vehicle production in the united states for at least a month .
even the pillsbury doughboy may acquire a british accent , the company having been sold to british interests .
marietta , georgia cnn one of the two young women dubbed the barbie bandits after a videotaped bank theft pleaded guilty wednesday and apologized in tears .
the somali pirates recently seized a saudi supertanker with million gallons of oil .
it has something lacking in most cleaners hundreds of tiny , sharp teeth to grind up its food .
cnn sixty six passengers and crew were transferred to shore on coast guard vessels after their cruise ship was run aground off virginia on thursday , u . s . coast guard officials and the cruise ship company told cnn .
they will require not just military and security resources , but more policing , more intelligence , and an enhanced effort to win hearts and minds , brown said .
libby was convicted on perjury and obstruction of justice charges in march but bush intervened earlier this month to spare him from going to jail
authorities say massive rescue efforts are ongoing in the zone and that emergency measures have been taken to prevent epidemics from spreading through polluted waters .
astronauts who are scheduled to conduct a fifth and final hubble servicing mission now targeted to launch no earlier than february
single households will be able to adopt a child from next year , the ministry of health and welfare said tuesday .
one of the films for this so called global short film project is called a slip in time and was directed by jonathan dayton and valerie faris .
the comet is exploding and its coma , a cloud of gas and dust illuminated by the sun , has grown to be bigger than the planet jupiter .
. the right seat
the committee will be assisted by the construction and government administration ministries .
in protest against the nominations , the gnp refused to adopt hearing reports on lee jae song , unification minister designate and song min soon , foreign minister designate .
few consumers , though , are likely to sacrifice their gadgets just for the sake of being green .
that s julie walker live at new york s la guardia airport .
obama said the government should play a role in improving americans well being by providing stable macroeconomic and financial conditions for sustained growth by demanding transparency and by ensuring fair competition in the marketplace .
lampard has a thigh injury and beckham a knee problem .
there has been no official response to the incident so far except an admission by defence ministry sources that an attack had taken place .
playing his last game before retiring , zinedine zidane s career ended in disgrace after he was sent off for crazily headbutting marco materazzi .
our hostages are kids and teachers , a sign in the bus window said . we have grenades , an uzi and a . caliber pistol .
the official agreed that the tape s content is not necessarily new .
it is a resemblance omar doesn t avoid .
despite thompson s entry into the race wednesday night , percent of registered republicans polled said they are not satisfied with the gop candidates virtually the same percentage percent who were not satisfied in may .
predictably , democrats and republicans don t see eye to eye when it comes to bush
he also said that at present certain provisions of sharia are already recognized in our society and under our law .
the bombing was the latest in a series of attacks targeting prominent anti syrian figures .
the original roswell incident occurred in july , outside the city .
nigerian gunmen kidnapped six russians and shot dead a local driver in a dawn attack on a residential compound of the world s top aluminum producer in the southeastern town of ikot abasi , authorities said on sunday .
is anybody out there ?
one of the dead is a senior member of an anti al qaeda group .
a daytime curfew in baghdad , imposed to try to contain the spiralling violence , has been lifted but a hour ban on road traffic remains in place .
fossett was last seen in early september , flying a single engine plane on a pleasure flight from a nevada ranch .
globally , the number of people over years old will nearly triple from million in to nearly . billion by , the forecast said .
a collection of simple exercises like math problems , memory tests and word puzzles .
if proven to be true , this will fuel suspicions that a number of voters have been enrolled in the undp s party pool , without their consent , by rival camps attempting to mobilize bogus voters into casting ballots for them .
but the big story was oil .
the squid , weighing an estimated pounds and about feet long , took two hours to land in antarctic waters , new zealand fisheries minister jim anderton said .
on tuesday he and obama appeared at a joint news conference in cleveland , ohio , where the debate will be held .
david hicks , the australian convicted of supporting terrorism by a us military court , has arrived home from guantanamo bay .
in an apparent bid to rally public support , the prosecution on monday released to the media a recorded file of conversation between keb directors during a board meeting in november , where they discussed measures to rescue keb credit services , the bank s credit card subsidiary .
the land steps in sloppy slabs down to the sea .
we apologize to british airways and all passengers who have been affected and can assure them that our specialist staff are working hard to resolve the problem and keep disruption to ba s operation to a minimum .
he had long served as an economic adviser to roh , but has parted company with him on this issue .
called a digital videodisc player , or dvd , the latest black box functions like a combination audio cd player and vcr
the interior of laurean s home was being searched friday night , brown said .
liberate ingrid betancourt and those hostages who are the weakest !
federal reserve would cut a key interest rate , analysts said .
the bbc has been told that on several occasions chinese arms have been recovered after attacks on british and american troops by afghan insurgents .
a large portion is renovated with a boardwalk , slips for yachts , a galleon which was actually built for roman polanski s movie pirates , restaurants , touristy shops and an interesting aquarium and the galata museo del mare sea museum .
the international atomic energy agency is not in the business of diplomacy , rice told reporters traveling with her to the middle east .
beijing , china cnn a man in southern china appears to have died of exhaustion after a three day internet gaming binge , state media said monday .
local media reported that the four men met the woman in a restaurant in hiroshima on october , , then allegedly attacked and raped her in a car in nearby parking lot .
after wolfowitz took over at the world bank , riza was transferred to a state department foundation and received a government salary of almost , a year , tax free .
most of the or so planets that have been spotted outside this solar system have been gas giants like jupiter .
he hopes to unveil a prototype in and a basic model will cost around , .
it s well past the kids bedtime , but no one is nagging the preschoolers and kindergartners to brush their teeth and go to sleep .
there were about farmers in town .
he said the direction and shape of the holes indicated they were cut from the southern side and no attempt had been made to hide the breach , as would be expected in the case of a north korean infiltration .
retail trade in the nations that share the euro shrunk . percent from a year ago the biggest annual drop since records began in and . percent from october , the eu statistics agency eurostat said tuesday .
in a wider sense , it is the practical application of man s inventiveness to the improvement of his well being and the increase of his wealth .
president roh moo hyun expressed hope on tuesday that north korea will model itself on china and vietnam in its efforts to transform into a market economy .
the ioc inspectors acknowledged some events might be rescheduled for a few days but expressed confidence that special measures would clear the air .
park had served voluntarily as a soldier for the de facto japanese imperial army in manchuria in the s .
this is a bit like the new york of india .
president bush said on thursday u . s . troop concerns about inadequate equipment for iraq combat are being addressed and he did not blame soldiers for raising the issue with defense secretary donald rumsfeld .
i see myself as a skeptical interpreter of what happens in the loch , but i do keep an open mind about these things and there is no doubt this is some of the best footage i have seen , shine said .
the new recall involves about . million magnetic toys globally , including . million in the united states .
and milk is a powerful movie that will stir more than a few hearts and minds .
built like a fortress over what christians believe is jesus birth cave , the th century stone and wood church of the nativity became a place of violence .
stewart cink , tim clark and camilo villegas all finished in the top and earned enough points to move into the top in the playoff standings and qualify for the tour championship .
i tell parents that they should absolutely create their own myspace and facebook page , christakis said .
his daughter lucy said their forthcoming project would be aimed at people like her own eight year old son .
a russian spacecraft is on its way to the international space station , carrying an american space tourist .
team mates and medical staff immediately rushed to his side and were seen preventing him from swallowing his tongue as he lost consciousness , but he was able to walk from the pitch .
writing on her myspace page , the year old said she had been broke and homeless and had abused drugs since leaving home aged to pursue a singing career in new york .
the korea times reports the government pledged to drastically relax or remove unnecessary regulations hampering financial firms businesses to foster a buyer s market buyer oriented .
methane discovery could mean life on mars
there are confirmed cases in the us ?
the sunday mirror quoted mitch winehouse as saying that amy has an early stage emphysema and an irregular heartbeat , and has been warned that she will have to wear an oxygen mask unless she stops smoking drugs .
lange and twain , best known for her hits man !
ghanaian president john kufuor , the au chairman , is expected to arrive in kenya tuesday evening to mediate the talks between the two , frazer said , which has led odinga s party to cancel a planned rally earlier that day .
so , in that sense , it almost surely has contributed to the deepening of the gloom .
fewer than , bantengs exist in the wild , most on the island of java .
hamas spokesman fawzi barhoum said sunday that palestinians must brace for a new round of confrontation .
users then choose different workouts from the categories of strength training , aerobics , yoga and balance .
taiwan s disaster center said one person had died and several had been injured in the typhoon .
like most of the dozens of planets found around other stars , these two gas giants have bizarre orbits , in this case rather elongated ones unusually close to the central star .
she hoped to become a newspaper reporter , but those plans changed after she met a year old congressional aide named lyndon baines johnson .
nobody gets hurt inside the car , only she when she . . . decides to rise above the sunroof , he said .
red footed boobies , blue footed boobies , gulls and frigates , which ignore us just like teens often do .
everyone s becoming more aware of this technology and what it can do , said sarah parcak , an archaeologist who heads the laboratory for global health at the university of alabama at birmingham . there is so much to learn .
juno is the only best picture nominee to top million at the box office , ensuring it a rooting interest from moviegoers .
rights groups say more than people are still locked up after the protests .
for the right price , dozens of sites promise to find the right words for just about any occasion
he said it would take sometime for the bill to have an impact on the american economy .
obama also won alabama , alaska , colorado , connecticut , delaware , idaho , kansas , minnesota , missouri , north dakota and utah .
smog and acid rain , water pollution and sewage disposal , dams and river flows will become ever more contentious issues .
defying a white house veto threat , the u . s .
i really think the interpreter must not have conveyed the president s comments entirely clearly .
drugs such as levodopa can help reduce tremors and involuntary movements . but for many people , this medication loses its effectiveness over time , while the side effects
but bayern drew level a minute later when lukas podolski rifled a stunning shot into the corner of the net after frank ribery had pulled the ball back .
the peppers , prosecutors said .
the deal , announced at a boeing event in seattle the day before the first is unveiled , is the biggest single order for the lightweight , fuel efficient plane from a european carrier .
the year old second lieutenant walked across the heavily fortified border at about p . m . sunday , a defense ministry spokesman said .
the coach careered meters down the slopes before coming to rest on the banks of the romanche river .
she was awarded the nobel peace prize for her work aimed at restoring democracy in myanmar , also known as burma .
microsoft said it is looking at how the hd dvd technology it has developed , such as hdi .
the year old striker had his back to goal when toulalan played the ball through .
last year , a former sheriff s deputy was sentenced to years in prison after being convicted of molesting a year old boy he met on myspace , and a boiling spring lakes police officer was charged with the statutory rape of a year old girl he communicated with on the site , cooper said .
though oscar organizers have said their show will go on regardless of the strike , the screen actors guild said in a statement that it will honor writers picket lines , leaving many celebrities to decide whether they want to attend the ceremony .
the character , team spirit and everything we showed today when down to men everton are a hard team with good players .
the zoo manager , todd rose , said pythons squeeze their prey to death before swallowing it whole .
for those who dream of a fiat free italy , this is it .
some people say the study is the most complete examination to link investments in health care to economic growth .
the blaze also threatened , for a time , olive view ucla medical center .
the statement was posted late wednesday on a web site frequently used by islamic militants .
but we think this is exaggerated , said sven krause , fund manager at lbb invest .
phuket , thailand cnn relatives of the people killed in sunday s plane crash in phuket continued to arrive in the thai resort town on tuesday to try to identify their loved ones remains .
polls have found that most americans believe that some form of life exists beyond our planet .
as time passes , they will likely go up in price , and this means that the government should eventually be able to recoup much , if not all , of the original expenditure .
for days , those of us who know alan have been fretting over his kidnapping in gaza and looking forward to some good news .
the mission consists of a main orbiting satellite at about kilometers miles altitude and two smaller satellites , the site said .
posing like the virgin mary .
while japan is totally reliant on oil imports , iran is the world s fourth largest crude producer .
cialella was carrying a kel tec . caliber handgun clipped inside his sweatpants , police said .
high on most travelers lists is queenstown , lord of the rings territory and the winter skiing center .
clean industries such as light engineering and electronics are scattered in areas near population centers .
kim arrived in new york late on friday and met over the weekend with south korea s chief nuclear negotiator chun yung woo .
in , his holocaust drama the pianist won the academy award .
in the afc , pittsburgh takes on division rival , baltimore .
rasmussen had won two stages during the tour , though , his presence at the race was questioned by several officials and from the race organisers as well .
the company running the plant has said none of the leaks are harmful to people or the environment .
the ap s julie pace is covering the first washington meeting between barack obama and benjamin netanyahu
in sudan s darfur region , where violence and genocide are rampant , women risk their lives every day performing tasks as seemingly mundane as seeking out firewood .
was greeted on arrival by anti china protesters waving signs , calling him a communist bandit and rallying outside the legislature .
huck s letter was for the actions he took and failed to take in response to the circumstances surrounding the incident in haditha , the marine corps said in the statement .
a girl came out of a building over the road , she was screaming and a guy had her by the hair , ross murchie told australian broadcasting corp .
portable internet service providers will pay between billion won to . billion won in license fees in accordance with the business plans they submit to the government .
anti american sentiments boiled over in after three american servicemen kidnapped and gang raped a year old okinawan schoolgirl .
a federal grand jury was convened last year to consider pressing charges against bp for the spill . to date , no charges have been filed .
tutoring company oxbridge applications founded by oxford graduates in
the gujjar community part of india s centuries old , complex social caste order are in their seventh straight day of demonstrations to demand a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits .
yet ukraine will suffer the effects of the chernobyl accident for years to come
that s what attracted me to the project to begin with .
but sharks only breed with sharks of the same species , and there were no male blacktip reef sharks at the virginia aquarium marine science center in virginia beach .
the top diplomats in charge of the talks gathered at the daioyutai state guesthouse in beijing throughout the day with occasional recesses to discuss once again each member country s positions .
the united states also designated three iranian state owned banks for sanctions , two of them for their involvement in proliferation activities and the other as a terrorist financier , rice said .
the six couples are all in long term relationship one couple has been together for six years , another couple has been together for years .
we have received all we could possibly ask for , fig secretary general andre gueisbuhler told associated press . all of them confirm the age that they should be , so what can we do ?
another name that emerged is larry thompson , a former deputy attorney general who currently serves as vice president and general counsel for pepsico .
this year , the president says extra air lanes will be available in other parts of the country as well .
the aircraft was operating a local technical flight from perpignan , france , the company said .
public calls for hong to resign also flared in april when hong s late father was found to have accumulated wealth illicitly through speculative land investments .
when the economy hits the skids , most businesses do worse
currently on the second leg of the race , between cape town , south africa , and cochin , india , the volvo ocean race fleet is attempting to avoid the worst of the pirate danger zone , heading south east of the arabian sea area where pirates seized a saudi owned crude tanker and crew members on monday .
the doctors group said in a page report that it uncovered medical evidence of torture , including beatings , electric shock , sleep deprivation , sexual humiliation , sodomy and scores of other abuses .
health officials suggest citizens who find dead birds or animals contact the local board of health .
the obama campaign accused gramm of inserting a provision into a bill in late at the behest of enron lobbyists that exempted some energy traders from government oversight .
in other words , roh was able to honorably retreat from his plan which had slim chances of gaining parliamentary approval due to opposition from all parties .
in iraq , the us military said five us soldiers had died in a roadside bombing in the western town of ramadi .
the crane also caused extensive damage to an story residential high rise across the street from the construction site .
negative approaches for winning the april legislative elections are most notable in media commercials of the major political parties .
ecotourism took off in eastern africa in the early s .
the true cost of shrimp , also contains information from interviews with workers in thailand and bangladesh .
a thick column of black smoke , believed to have been caused by burning diesel fuel , could be seen for miles over the city .
for women who suffer from type diabetes , the risk of heart disease is up to three and a half times higher .
miliband told the house of commons that two flights , each carrying a u . s . detainee , refueled in in diego garcia , a british territory in the indian ocean .
it is the largest for mattel since when fisher price had to yank about million power wheels from toy stores .
president bush said sunday that iran is threatening the security of the world , and that the united states and arab allies must join together to confront the danger before it s too late .
however , the number of species going extinct rises with the heat , as does the number of people who may starve , or face water shortages , or floods , according to the projections in the draft report obtained by the associated press
the video showed a picture of the school , which then disintegrated to reveal two images of auvinen against a red background , pointing a gun at the screen .
the council said security officials also visited the staff at their homes .
the owner of jnd pawn shop in blacksburg , across the street from virginia tech , has said cho picked up such a gun from his shop on february after ordering it online a week earlier from an out of state dealer .
scientists there fused the banteng skin cells with cow eggs that had their genetic material removed .
officials had advised thousands of households to evacuate , while around , people fled to evacuation centers on their own .
in several different cities , they went off in minutes of each other .
he was stabbed with a lance but still charged at the matador , del rio recalls .
china has called off a visit by japan s foreign minister in apparent protest at prime minister junichiro koizumi s attending a controversial war shrine .
an iranian official dismissed the report as psychological propaganda warfare .
cnn senior political analyst bill schneider adds , he is more unpopular than richard nixon was just before he resigned from the presidency in august .
sen . patrick leahy , the committee s chairman , issued a statement following rove s announcement saying rove has acted as if he was above the law .
while the earth is still shrouded in darkness , the clouds are illuminated by the first streaks of sunlight .
leaders from north and south korea are to hold their second ever summit , officials have announced .
it reminded me of when president john f . kennedy , on tour in europe at the time first lady jackie kennedy was an international fashion icon , thanked his hosts in one city for allowing me to accompany my wife here .
the army set up the checkpoint last week in the taji area , about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
the international olympic committee said it does not have direct control over all official products that carry the olympic label but that it has created policies on fair labor standards that it expects olympic host cities and licensed manufacturers to follow .
the prosecution is expected to be finished with its side of the case today , but not before giving the world a look at its star witness .
carter told an audience at the american university in cairo that the meeting lasted about three hours .
dida collapsed in a heap after year old robert mchendry made contact with the keeper as he ran past before disappearing into the stands .
there was a huge explosion .
when they don t , people focus on what they haven t done , rather than what they have .
while many of our citizens prosper , others doubt the promise , even the justice , of our own country .
the u . s . geological survey estimated the aftershock at . .
who seized power in a military coup has denied he was involved in the case , dubbed the october th incident .
just four years ago , saakashvili won with percent of the vote an election that came just two months after he led his own anti government protest that came to be known as the rose revolution .
.
these countries have days to take additional steps to combat trafficking or face penalties .
nonetheless , animal conservationists are excited about the results .
the abusive practices of fraudulent spammers threaten to choke the lifeblood of the electronic age , senate judiciary committee chairman orrin hatch said in a statement .
ben ainslie named world sailor of the year
they mayor of lancey , michigan made an appeal for federal help for the automotives today on cbs .
police say they found the body of a woman in the wreckage of her home near raleigh her teenage son is missing .
on monday night , the taliban group extended by hours the deadline by which they have threatened to kill the hostages unless the afghan government releases an equal number of imprisoned fighters .
professor yosef garfinkel of the hebrew university of jerusalem says the inscribed pottery shard was found during excavations of a fortress from the th century bc .
a gala event scheduled for jan . , at which spanish tenor placido domingo was to sing the lyrics for the first time , has been canceled , blanco said at a news conference .
this move came as part of the lee myung bak administration s so called business friendly policies to draw more foreign investment to revitalize the economy .
we regret to report that the patient antonio puerta died at gmt today .
among white voters making less than , a year , clinton s margin of victory was more than percentage points .
authorities on friday outlined steps to combat the problem that is stirring anxiety about the future of the largest economy in africa .
top overall seed in the ncaa men s basketball tournament sees its first action today , actually this evening , against moorehead state .
all of the victims were in new york and new jersey .
beijing , china cnn japan s prime minister will hold summit talks with chinese leaders friday on a number of thorny issues , with a stop at the birthplace of confucius indicating his desire for warming ties between the asian giants .
they were all held for the victims of the tsunami .
it starts about eight inches above her knee .
melanie thompson , founder of the aids research consortium of atlanta , said the survey underscores that many people still consider aids a gay disease and didn t bother to educate themselves about the facts .
on tuesday , northwest airlines announced it was cutting back on domestic capacity . percent in the fourth quarter due to oil prices .
the company said they consulted with experts to authenticate the footage .
united nations cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has canceled a planned visit to the united nations , and tehran s u . n . ambassador , javad zarif , on friday blamed a delay in u . s . visas being issued to the crew of his airplane .
andy roddick saved three break points in the third set and ended the match with a break of his own to beat th seeded radek stepanek , , on thursday night at the legg mason tennis classic .
duhovny said the first time she saw one , it was shocking , but now , more than anything , it s just annoying .
some lawmakers from the ruling uri party are also launching a signature campaign this week .
at them and firmly lodged , wade said .
but it is a matter subject to prior consultations between the two allies .
the iba is the world s leading organization of international legal practitioners , bar associations and law societies .
gonzales is scheduled to tell the committee that he has nothing to hide and that he never sought to mislead or deceive the congress or the american people about my role in this matter .
tim , so far so good for people flying in and out of laguardia airport .
just like his year old daughter , elizabeth , who says she wants to be a mommy someday , jeff says , i knew i wanted to be a daddy .
president roh moo hyun used an address to a group of foreign investors in korea yesterday to lay out a strongly worded defense of his engagement policy with north korea .
but burrell said that he knew prince philip very well and that he could not have been behind the deaths .
the shooter died of an apparent self inflicted gunshot wound to the head , duke said .
us envoy christopher hill has made his first trip to north korea amid speculation that talks on pyongyang s nuclear program could soon restart .
oh laid out the prospects of the long discussed space scheme in speaking with reporters after visiting the opening ceremony of a life science class room at busan women s cultural center .
the two women will undergo a thorough medical check up and screening as soon as possible .
the korea times reports the nation s household debts surged to an all time high of trillion won in june , up from . trillion won in march as banks increased consumer lending again during the second quarter of the year .
a battalion of about militia forces moved closer to the turkish border over the weekend , according to u . s . military officials familiar with the latest information from the region .
south korea s current leader , roh moo hyun , has pursued a policy of economic engagement with the north .
in the eastern city of multan , hard line muslim students burned effigies of queen elizabeth ii and rushdie .
hundreds have been killed and more than , have been displaced since the post election violence started , according to the kenya red cross .
i think that we should have been more calm during the game and although i was pleased to get a goal back for the team when i came on , i am sorry for the disagreement with my team mate nicklas .
shipping agents said there were no reports of oil tankers being delayed at the export terminals .
space travel , security threats and increasing passenger numbers are forcing major changes in the way airports are designed .
danner and phillips said there are even more dangerous consequences of sleep deprivation for students
hwang looks to start with animal cloning experiments but he may work on human stem cell research later , said lee , also hwang s high school junior .
in all , six adults have been charged in connection with the case , including a parent of the three siblings involved .
i don t think it should not be a problem to insult a religion , because it should be possible to insult all religions in a democratic way , says vilks from his home in rural sweden .
the other two victims including the one who died were male bystanders who came to the aid of the woman during an altercation with a man who pulled out a gun , witnesses said .
it also praised the acting of malcolm storry as gandalf , brian protheroe as saruman and andrew jarvis as elrond , whose kingly voice resonates like thunder .
that is actually cents cheaper than it was this time last year .
the food and drug administration ordered an immediate recall of two species of farmed fish in markets here , less than a day after the ministry of maritime affairs and fisheries said that a carcinogen had been found at harmful levels in freshwater fish raised in captivity .
, two months after pyongyang surprised the world with an underground nuclear test .
she responded , every piece of remotely responsible research that has been done in the last years on this issue has shown there is no difference between children who are raised by same sex parents and children who are raised by opposite sex parents .
a contestant on britain s big brother reality tv show , has been kicked off for using a racially offensive word against another housemate .
three dimensional images and other information collected will be sent back to mission control in houston for engineers to study , nasa said .
if you had asked me years ago what i would be doing with my life , i don t think i would have told you i d be in church , she said .
not one , but two former stars came back to the thursday night election edition of saturday night live .
judge ismael moreno , in rulings last wednesday , wrote that the informant had named three suspected suicide bombers and an explosives expert , all of whom had traveled from pakistan to barcelona since last summer .
park is the eldest daughter of the late president park chung hee .
i m happy , the prime minister said .
as roma scored four goals in the first half hour to beat holders inter milan in an extraordinary first leg of the italian cup final on wednesday .
taliban fighters often seek cover in civilian homes , where they fire on u . s . and nato forces , leading those homes to be targeted .
negotiations over the nuclear agreement stalled for months when north korea balked at publicly admitting to a highly enriched uranium program and to providing syria with nuclear technology .
duncan , an mvp in his first three finals , had only points but grabbed rebounds .
because of the almost universal respect he commands , politicians and civil servants also follow closely any hints of the palace s desires when it comes to policy decisions .
cases were selected out of cases registered to the panel from jan .
these forces are elite combat soldiers and are now being positioned along the chinese north korean border , the sources said .
there was a temporary conditional truce , and the zionist enemy violated it and therefore it has been essentially over for some time , the hamas militant spokesman said .
they re pushing the town to pass an anti nudity ordinance .
taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousuf said the deadline had been set by the taliban leadership council , headed by elusive leader mullah mohammad omar , giving the threat added weight .
the spice girls boasted album sales of million during their brief career , and hits including wannabe and say you ll be there topped charts across the globe .
in her first major victory on the ladies professional golf association tour since she joined in , korea s grace park has won the kraft nabisco championship .
the united nations and the red cross began distributing relief supplies tuesday to people affected by the devastating cyclone that hit myanmar friday .
lance cpl . justin i . sharratt had been charged with shooting three iraqi civilians in the aftermath of a roadside bombing in haditha , and capt . randy w . stone had been charged with dereliction of duty in failing to properly report facts connected to the murders .
the hostages are reported to be in good health , but the rebels have said they will kill them if there is any attempt to free them by force or if the government fails to release a number of taliban prisoners soon .
with today s technology , moran says , there is no excuse for having no knowledge of a company except laziness and or poor planning neither of which are attributes of potential employees sought by many organizations .
the announcement came as the socialists did better than expected in parliamentary elections on sunday , thwarting a landslide victory by president nicolas sarkozy s conservatives .
south korea sunday dispatched a group of investigators to iraq to examine the suspicious death of a year old army officer , the first military casualty in the country since troops were deployed there in .
big enough to cause widespread damage and death only about once every , years , the destruction would be so extreme that nations should develop a joint defense against asteroids .
senate democratic leaders said they would put the bill on a fast track and try to avoid a republican filibuster .
in spite of the impressive progress , i regret to report that the overall situation of children affected by conflict remains grave and entirely unacceptable , coomaraswamy said .
there were initial reports thaksin would be required to go to a bangkok police station .
the turkish military also said it killed five members of the pkk on tuesday in an attack on the outlawed group within turkey .
ahmadinejad said tehran has brought on the most transparent solution in an attempt to build confidence with the u . n . s nuclear watchdog agency , the vienna based international atomic energy agency .
the roman catholic church is rallying the faithful .
that s easier than ever these days with pocket sized digital cameras so simple to use that technology savvy kids will declare they re the official family photographers .
kitt died on christmas day of colon cancer .
the iranian regime must halt these actions , he demanded .
dad is the only person that has ever been accused and sentenced , incarcerated by opinion , without it ever reaching any courthouse , amin said in an exclusive interview with the associated press , calling for a truth and reconciliation committee to investigate that dark period in uganda s history .
germany on sunday guaranteed all private bank accounts and negotiated a billion euros billion bailout deal for hypo real estate ag as europe s second largest economy sought to ward off financial crisis .
the two other victims have not been identified .
war has probably shaped us more than any other single thing from our landscape , but the mystique of ed is a more cheerful counter to our other experiences .
welcome to qua s arctic ice room , where snow gently descends from a domed ceiling through mint infused air chilled to degrees .
they are the beneficiaries of this process , and they owe it to their people to come up with a unified position , fawzi said .
in china , about million workers are working in the toy industry , providing toys to children all across the world , he said .
ten lebanese soldiers have been killed at nahr el bared and others wounded since friday , including four hurt by a mortar shell monday , raising the army s death toll to at nahr el bared and two at ein el hilweh .
meteorologists said monday was the hottest may day in the city since records began .
despite toiling in hour shifts , jackson said he and his fellow firefighters were holding up pretty good .
a small cluster of villages in eastern netherlands has found itself in the midst of a mini baby boom
while he was an ideological man who took positive steps to reform his country , chance said yeltsin was an inconsistent reformer .
the party is supporting candidates from two minor groups the democratic party and the people first party with which it is seeking to create a new political party .
okinawa is a popular spot for beach holidays and the number of visitors to japan from other parts of asia has increased in recent years , with the lifting of visa restrictions .
cageless dives put divers and sharks in close proximity , without a metal underwater cage protecting the diver .
change is good , but when they start improving , they push people out of stores and apartments .
moments after his challenger conceded , prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero thanked a crowd of cheering supporters for sunday s win by his socialists in spain s parliamentary elections .
throughout his trial , pichushkin gloated over his crimes and ridiculed the police case against him .
guests who said they were going blind or battling cancer told him they wanted to view the auroras at least once in their lives .
the election will set the makeup of nepal s member constituent assembly , which will decide the fate of the country s monarchy and prepare a new constitution .
bernie conatser has never seen business this good .
current premier junichiro koizumi , who is due to step down in september , has been to the shrine five times .
congress is again wrestling with how to renew the foreign intelligence surveillance act .
during my career i was one of the best at getting around obstacles on golf courses . now i want to be the best at confronting the most difficult match of my life with all my strength , he added .
the results in texas , ohio , rhode island and vermont could mathematically put sen . john mccain of arizona over the top when it comes to winning enough delegates to secure the gop nomination .
born in paris to chinese parents and raised in new york , ma , , is no stranger to thinking outside the music box .
one of the most famous photos of the era shows a white girl yelling at elizabeth eckford , one of the nine , as she walked near the school .
tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum the triangular bone within the pelvis .
during their time at the orbiting outpost , the atlantis crew will deliver a new segment to the station known as a truss and install solar panels or arrays that help generate power for the station .
bands of armed men invaded port harcourt , the center of nigeria s oil industry tuesday , attacking two police stations and raiding the lobby of a major hotel .
lanier said police have identified and interviewed the students involved and the investigation is ongoing .
asked to intervene , the government said it was unable to stop the broadcast , regardless of how distasteful and even unethical it might be .
doctors have said that a serb protester is in a coma and suffering severe injuries to the brain after the clashes at a u . n . courthouse , ap added .
north korea has sought strategies to disregard south korea for direct negotiations with the u . s . on nuclear issues .
facebooking and twittering your way through the pentagon
after trading breaks early in the first set , the defending champion won the tiebreaker without his french opponent scoring a point .
he denied the order was a sign that the army has passed its breaking point under the stresses of the wars in iraq and afghanistan , saying the service has met or passed its recruiting and retention goals .
the dow jones industrial average lost points , or . percent , closing at , , after having fallen as much as points during the session .
the protest comes as the us congress is caught up in the divisive business of reforming immigration laws .
myspace , which is owned by rupert murdoch s news corp . , will also accept independent monitoring and changes the structure of its site .
the electorate s message is that we , too , have responsibility for the state of the nation .
dogs that were ignored extended their paws much less often , doing so in only out of trials .
the demonstrations are the largest in georgia since the rose revolution that swept pro western saakashvili to power .
his comments are indicative of an al qaeda ideology that offers nothing but death and violence , johndroe told cnn in a written statement .
radio contact with the flight was lost about noon sunday .
these efforts build upon the considerable progress we ve made over the past six years , said white house spokesman scott stanzel .
reports say the abduction was foiled after the us intervened .
and the north korean leader used the occasion to quash speculation that he was suffering from ill health saying south korean media reported that i have diabetes and even heart disease , but the fact is that is not the case at all .
roger federer made a smooth start to his cincinnati masters title bid by beating frenchman julien benneteau but rafael nadal was forced to retire and novak djokovic lost on wednesday .
in his first spell in charge , penev guided the balkan country to the semifinals of the world cup in the u . s . and qualified the side for euro in england .
parker told police he beat the boy , but would not say why , said calumet city police chief patrick o meara .
it may have started online , but it existed entirely in the real world and it hurts just as much now it is over .
the u . s . military maintains that explosively formed penetrators a sophisticated and powerful type of roadside bomb are made in iran and their components are shipped into iraq by the iran s islamic revolutionary guard corps quds force , the iranian unit accused by the united states of training and arming insurgents .
the small cruise vessel , the alexey maryshev , was carrying about british tourists and a crew of russians .
attorney patrick fitzgerald declared tuesday a sad day for government .
world oil prices have been climbing for months , and topped a barrel on may .
five days after finishing a disappointing third in iowa , the former first lady trailed obama by double digits in several state polls but promised she was staying in the race until the february super tuesday round of nominating contests .
one dealing with a so called gag order on international aid organizations regarding abortion , the other with oil and gas drilling on federal lands
a virus found in healthy australian honey bees may be playing a role in the collapse of honey bee colonies across the united states , researchers reported thursday .
he was one of the hamas representatives in cease fire talks with fatah and was attending an egyptian sponsored truce meeting just before the strike , residents said .
another marine , year old cpl . marshall magincalda , was expected to be freed from prison friday after having served days for his conviction on a charge of conspiracy to commit murder in the hamdaniya incident .
the reason for this rise is because al qaeda and the pakistani taliban have morphed together ideologically and tactically , and both see themselves at war with the pakistani state , bergen says .
robert rechter , a domestic policy analyst for the conservative heritage foundation , argues that , in his view , the government continues to waste billions of dollars in a misguided effort .
about , yuan for the whole village , zhang told cnn .
pakistani forces and the students exchanged periodic gunfire early friday that was punctuated by heavy explosions .
it made for a memorable competitive return for beckham , recalled to the squad last week after being discarded by mcclaren after last year s world cup .
traffic accidents are a leading cause of death in the united arab emirates because drivers often travel at high speeds , according to the u . s . state department .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni told israeli prime minister ehud olmert on wednesday that he should resign over his handling of last summer s war in lebanon .
axelrod says the incoming administration s already working on plans to turn the economy around
the proposal was made at the start of six party talks in beijing .
north korea will not stop its nuclear activity unless million of its funds held in a macau bank are fully released , the regime s top nuclear envoy said saturday .
so it s very interesting that in the end a fashion company has understood the importance of the problem , and with full awareness has found the courage to take the risk that this campaign involves .
in recent interviews , he indicated that his health situation had stabilized .
but the captured snakes included a foot anaconda , usually a jungle recluse .
bahraini authorities have been closely monitoring future bank and took some steps after treasury s designations of banks melli and saderat to attempt to prevent abuse by this institution .
nishizawa s father found her body on april in her apartment in kanagawa , just south of tokyo .
whether its proper name is masculine , or whether it is a battleship , or a nuclear submarine , a ship is always referred to as she .
survivors told police they sneaked into ranong province from myanmar s victoria point by fishing boat , according to reports from the associated press .
while this may not sound like much , consider that some million people live within . vertical feet of sea level , said mark meier of the university of colorado boulder , a lead author of the study .
chong wa dae and residents of the chungchong provinces were at a loss as the ruling camp held emergency meetings to prepare for the fallout . the constitutional court on thursday ruled the government s plan to move the capital is unconstitutional , putting the brakes on the relocation project pursued by the roh moo hyun government as a key item on the national agenda .
roddick s patience was tested all night by stepanek , who had aces and didn t face a break point in the final set until the last point of the match .
what were their leaders thinking ?
the festival s master classes give young filmmakers a chance to speak to movie insiders .
meanwhile , france the current president of the security council said it had received no letter from syria .
but zarin mehta , president of the orchestra , said diplomats from washington and pyongyang both told him the trip should help in normalization of relations between the two nations that have often been at odds .
a group of right wing scholars are fanning controversy with their plan to publish a new history textbook said to glorify military leaders who rose to power through coups in and .
i am going to make mistakes everyday , and i am sure every mistake i make will probably be on cnn or good morning america , she writes .
denmark reports its first confirmed case , and hong kong has detected swine flu in a mexican citizen who recently arrived there .
malibu , one of the areas most directly affected by the fires , is the home of a number of celebrities , including tom hanks and rita wilson , mel gibson , jennifer aniston , victoria principal and sting .
ironically , carter is doing what many israelis would like their government to do , according to a recent survey .
the agency said the advertisement was likely to cause serious or widespread offense and demanded ryanair not run it again .
korea s opposition parties seek to conduct a national assembly investigation on the ongoing stem cell scandal involving now disgraced cloning scientist hwang woo suk .
police say they are looking into whether the accused gunman may have been trying to get another woman who works at the nursing home .
expressing his disappointment that north korea delayed its actions pledged in the six party talks , the envoy said that the u . s .
the top charge carries a possible sentence of up to life in prison .
israeli aircraft have been pounding gaza in an effort to stop hamas militants from firing qassam rockets into israeli territory .
everyone seems to want what i have , declares john amsterdam , a veteran new yorker who was granted immortality in . it s not as simple as they think .
the house is getting set for a fast vote on the financial bailout package .
however , he said the meeting may only be to discuss procedural issues regarding the negotiations , rather than the core issues themselves .
over imports of chinese farm produce .
mclaren has awarded a first cap to goalkeeper scott carson , who is on loan at aston villa this season from liverpool .
newspapers linked to the ruling national front coalition published numerous reports thursday that quoted top government officials accusing anwar of having shown no respect for ethnic minorities when he was deputy prime minister between and .
while findings show wolfowitz broke bank rules in arranging a handsome pay package for his girlfriend , the white house came to the defense of the embattled world bank president tuesday , saying his behavior did not amount to a firing offense , an associated press report said .
dannielynn was in the bahamas on thursday with stern , attorney barth said .
taken place in an area that has been beset by feuds between rival militant groups and tribes , which have included suicide attacks , and bombings of each other s mosques .
this material may not be published .
suharto , , was hospitalized january with severe kidney , lung and heart trouble .
being osama s son , i don t hide it . i don t hide my name , he said .
his trial last week took two hours , and his lawyers were arrested before it .
the heightened public interest generated by the film and the controversy surrounding it is likely to increase the reaction to what happens in iraq
the prosecution thursday raided the korean office of u . s . private equity fund , lone star , to seize documents and computer files in its probe into the investor s alleged tax evasion , and illegal transfer of funds abroad and other irregularities .
a rise of just feet would affect million people and million square miles of land would be lost .
with even more space , content providers could store multiple versions of the same film on a disc .
the forces raided at least two hotels in the capital , including one that houses foreign journalists , a witness said .
certainly harlem s appeal to tourists has never been stronger .
the move takes the company out of the alcoholic energy drink field , and part of the agreement with the attorneys general is that will never again produce , distribute or market any alcoholic drinks containing caffeine or other stimulants .
japan had proposed the punitive resolution after north korea test fired seven missiles last week .
such planets are unlike any in our solar system and confound traditional theories of planetary formation .
the delegate spoke on condition of anonymity because he was giving the information before the formal announcement .
a major labor group , to stage strikes in jun if their demand not accepted during negotiations .
they are long and some have asymmetrical vanes like flight feathers , xu said .
the upside of parading is the thrill of singing and dancing under the stadium s bright lights before a huge crowd .
the company s board of directors , at its april meeting , reiterated the company s need for substantial financial support , according to a press release .
owners pay , yen a month to keep their dogs at the soladi care home for pets , which opens friday , according to a joint release by soladi co . and the endo veterinary clinic in tochigi , eastern japan .
it has since drawn , visits .
then called police when the prospective bridegroom didn t live up to his end of the deal , authorities said tuesday .
after setting a goal , the nations would be free to develop their own strategies to meet the target .
the lake is situated in the magallanes region in patagonia and is fed by melt water from glaciers .
if you use a credit card , the credit company will charge a transaction fee to the retailer that s between and percent .
the latest clue to what s killing the rare reptiles is an unknown parasite that scientists found in the dead gharials liver and kidneys , according to dr . a . k . sharma of the indian veterinary research institute .
the comments initially gave some stability to the markets , but any gains were short lived , with stocks turning lower again in the afternoon .
as for the cuban economy , it s estimated the entire cigar industry brings in million dollars .
space fashion is important and will be in the next generation of space suits . i don t know how much we will see at the beginning because simpler versions of space attire are going to be what people are interested in , he said .
the supreme public prosecutors office said its separate probe of the same period found that , people including government officials broke the law in connection with real estate transaction .
news of his death emerged on a website used by islamist groups .
the american beverage institute stood by its use of lohan s image .
you ve probably as much chance of that happening as pigs flying , except because it s april fool s day it s penguins not pigs the bbc has footage compiled by former monty python terry jones .
honor killings take place when family members kill relatives , almost always female , because they feel the relatives actions have shamed the family .
it also creates new quality standards for the alternative fuel .
some hundred detainees are seen by palestinians as symbols of resistance to israeli occupation .
hop on mobile devices are plastic , two way phones the size of a deck of playing cards .
another regional commander , major general arif budi santoso , told metro tv that no wreckage had been found at the supposed crash site .
manila and the moro islamic liberation front milf said they had reached an agreement over ancestral land , a major stumbling block in negotiations .
in among all those pages exist a myriad of sites giving people access to information and opportunities that didn t exist previously .
sharif , who retains his pakistani citizenship , had been in exile in saudi arabia since and has not been allowed to travel or directly take part in pakistani politics .
according to torre , when they were talking about the second half of the season , steinbrenner told him , we have to start winning .
a soldier , two students and a journalist were among the dead .
the association of clinics accredited for the interruption of pregnancies said in a statement it was launching the strike to protest the raids .
the survey was conducted hours after roh proposed a constitutional revision to introduce a u . s . style four year , double term presidency .
i m even told that some have even spoken in terms of old europe versus new , gates said .
she said she enjoyed working with oxygen and wasn t pushed out .
bayrou was given percent , still not enough to make the run off but , nevertheless , suggesting that he could be a threat to royal and sarkozy should they stumble .
the stick that s it , just a stick which can become a magic wand , a fishing rod , or
he added that a special ceremony would be held to purify the confession box .
the explosion came after daylong battles in the northern port city of tripoli between lebanese troops and the militant fatah islam group in which soldiers and militants were killed .
top u . s . nuclear negotiator christopher hill said in an interview with u . s . broadcaster pbs that in this second phase , north korea would be making a full disclosure of its nuclear programs .
eclipsed by digital photography , polaroid s white bordered prints and the anticipation they created as their ghostly images gradually came into view
jan sluser , berkeley , california .
bickering over the presidential election between the two acquaintances who stand on different sides of the conservative divide had escalated into violence , police said .
typical holiday staples such as grapes and raisins have been shown to cause renal failure when ingested by dogs .
kerry s running mate , john edwards , issued a statement sunday accusing hastert of using the politics of fear , which edwards said is a clear sign of weakness and failed leadership .
investigators said the plane took off from the wrong runway , a short strip not intended for commercial flights . the sole survivor , co pilot james polehinke , is in critical condition .
this election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations , obama told the tens of thousands of supporters who had gathered in chicago on tuesday night .
there s a thanksgiving feast to football on tv
the tony award winning drama tells the story of a stable hand who has an erotic fixation with horses .
for the situation in goma , saying half of the city has been burned and destroyed .
the member group has failed in the past to condemn mugabe for alleged electoral fraud and human rights abuses .
the species cited are catfish , eel , shrimp , basa and dace , he said . basa is similar to catfish dace is similar to carp .
we re not hugely political , caliendo says of his show , frank tv , which recently returned for its second season on tbs p . m . et pt .
first air marshal eddy suyanto , commander of the air base in makassar , close to where the plane was originally reported to have come down , also contradicted his earlier statement that wreckage had been found .
scorsese s first directing nomination was in for raging bull .
i didn t lecture him and he didn t lecture me , rice said .
barack obama is a fairly young guy and doesn t have great of a risk , roizen said .
the results in the republican race might have delivered a fatal blow to the campaign of former new york mayor rudy giuliani , who was a distant third as results came in tuesday night .
london , england cnn a british man accused of faking his death in an insurance scam pleaded guilty to fraud thursday .
about , anti government protesters have converged on the east timorese capital , dili .
monica bedi , who was released on bail from a jail in southern india last month , said the pictures shown by one tv channel on thursday , whether genuine or morphed , violated her right to life and dignity .
a week before the concert , the results of his marathon round of phone calls are piled high on his cluttered desk flight details for all performers , bills and the battered cover of a well thumbed checkbook .
lost an additional points while he talked , so what s happening right now ?
born to former slaves in a small town south of atlanta , georgia , in
kang young woo , a member of the national council on disability at the white house , was known to have played a key role in attempting to realize a meeting between lee and bush .
i saw it in a humorous light
prosecutors launched an investigation into the head of the nation s spy agency monday over allegations he intentionally leaked classified documents covering discussions he had with his north korean counterpart to local media on the eve of the presidential election last month .
the sun also reported last month that two unbound , uncut copies of the novel were found in a field near the printer s offices .
we have compiled a list of ideas mankind should be thankful for .
christopher hill of the united states and kim kye gwan of north korea will meet one on one this monday or tuesday in the chinese capital , according to several diplomatic sources quoted by yonhap news .
few people seem to believe that president lee myung bak can fulfill his economic growth pledge .
sarkozy spoke at a news conference two days after a french newspaper reported the couple planned to marry in february .
but the ministry of health s dr . hugo fernandez pointed out that the last documented case of yellow fever among people in argentina was in .
a top u . s . official has told the ap that north korea has agreed to all nuclear inspection demands allowing the white house to take the stalinist state off the terrorism blacklist .
one excerpt shows an armed taliban fighter disguised as a woman in a full burqa , taking refuge with women and children to avoid being targeted by nato .
and , in an effort to save money , a lot of people are bringing carry on .
cnn sought out these critical witnesses and others with pained memories and personal knowledge to tell the story in their own words , rather than depend on official reconstructions of the murder case .
sharif , who was ousted by general pervez musharraf in a coup in , is expected to arrive in the capital islamabad on monday morning .
consumers who can get a digital signal from an antenna will get an excellent picture , said steve wilson , principal analyst for consumer electronics at abi research .
statins , medications that lower levels of low density lipoprotein ldl cholesterol , are now among the most prescribed drugs in the country and the world .
tomas rosicky put the result beyond doubt and nwankwo kanu s reply just a minute later was no consolation for the visitors .
she had fought the disease for more than a decade .
, provincial police chief sharif virk said .
the attack comes six days after insurgents blew up the two remaining minarets at the al askariya mosque , a revered shiite shrine in samarra that was badly damaged in a february attack .
after park s murder , another military leader , chun doo hwan , took control of the government , and sentenced kim to death at a court martial .
israel has approved the construction of almost new homes in east jerusalem , a move that could hinder international efforts to secure a peace deal by year s end .
two jurors , both women , wiped tears from their eyes while the verdict was read .
dorko took command of the u . s . army corps of engineers gulf region division in baghdad on october , according to the corps of engineers web site .
the foreign affairs and trade ministry
al rubaie is a member of the shiite parliamentary bloc , which has close ties to iran .
despite this week s two failed gatherings , the opposition orange democratic movement now hopes to hold one friday to protest the result of the elections .
former defense ministers , former chiefs of staff and other retired generals will hold a hurriedly arranged meeting to demand an apology from roh , according to the retired korean generals and admirals association .
a preliminary report said the whale was shot with a . caliber machine gun , oswell said .
if al qaeda bothers to mention iraq , it is because they want to achieve their objectives in iraq , which is to drive us out and to develop a safe haven , bush said .
kim reiterated what he said earlier this month that pyongyang should return to the talks .
al maliki expressed his concerns to gen . david petraeus over iraqi reports that to civilians were killed in the raid , spokesman ali al dabbagh told cnn s late edition .
that ratio is the lowest it s been in years and months .
authorities said the excavation of the building where the hoard was discovered is in its early stages .
knight described her niece as a very adventuresome , very interesting , loving , giving person who loved a good story .
when a new border was drawn at the end of the war , it became part of north korea .
rock star prince will play concerts in london later this year and plans to take time off music to study the bible , he announced on tuesday .
the twin engine cessna , registered to competitor liaison bureau , had taken off from daytona beach , florida , heading to lakeland , florida .
the three hour truce is scheduled to take place every other day , lerner said , but humanitarian agencies say the timeframe is not long enough to alleviate the deepening humanitarian crisis in gaza .
a study will be conducted in iraq by a special inspection team , made up of officials from the ministries of foreign affairs and trade , construction and transportation and other related government agencies , before a final decision is made , they said .
although the government says the inflation figure is correct , many analysts and critics say it is likely much higher .
a california gray whale that was harpooned and shot with a machine gun off the western tip of washington state has died , officials said .
two members of the couch surprised young viewers and a studio audience watching saturday s mbc music show broadcast by suddenly dropping their trousers and exposing their genitals .
now , congress will get a look at those plans .
but suspected ringleader rabei osman was cleared over the march th blasts on four trains that killed people and injured more than , .
khan , a pakistani born u . s . citizen , says it has happened five times since .
the united states added kuwait , malaysia , qatar and bahrain to tier as countries that are destinations for trafficking victims who are exposed to sexual exploitation and forced labor .
archaeologists believe they have unearthed only a small fraction of egypt s ancient ruins , but they re making new discoveries with help from high tech allies
for abdominal surgeries , going through the mouth , vagina or rectum would avoid the need to cut through sensitive tissues .
the bush administration has refused to condemn the sentence and said it will not protest an internal saudi decision , the democrat presidential front runner said in a statement .
the two officials will discuss the result of south korea u . s . consultations on mapping out the common and broad approach on the north s nuclear standoff , song min soon , chief presidential security advisor , told a kbs program .
south korea and the united states have reportedly reached an agreement on a more gradual withdrawal of u . s . troops from the peninsula .
second half strikes from younes kaboul and kanu appeared to have put fa cup winners portsmouth on the way to a famous victory over the star studded serie a side in a thrilling group e match played in pouring rain .
the first strike will be for hours on january , the second will be for the same length on january , and the third will be for hours starting january .
the official said logistical details for christopher hill , assistant secretary of state , were still being worked out .
hamid karzai , the president of neighboring afghanistan , sent a message of condolences and said long suffering afghans knew the hurt that pakistanis were feeling .
excluding caucuses , some million democratic votes have been cast in the primaries held to date .
rhetoric at campaigns .
although school principals have observed that the bacteria predominantly affects student athletes , cases have been reported in children of elementary school age as well .
repeating our top story once again , attorney general michael mukasey collapsed tonight during a speech at a hotel in washington , d . c .
glamour editor cindi leive asked cheney during the panel discussion if she had anything to say to conservatives such as james dobson , founder of focus on the family , who have criticized her pregnancy , asserting that children should be raised by heterosexual married couples .
and there isn t a multiplayer mode for online battles .
eating seafood during pregnancy could help your child s development , according to a new study in the british journal lancet .
korea s . percent consumer price increase rate last year ranked fifth among the member countries of the organization of economic cooperation and development or oecd , indicating that the koreans suffered considerable hardships from high prices .
time to purchase a second pc , insoo thinks but not before he gets his hands on the slick new lg phone , which insoo s father had promised to buy him if he excels on the upcoming finals .
and no one knows the answer to that , gore said .
two seats will be available on that trip , part of a deal with the trip .
he said he was taking a bath when he heard screams coming from the church annex , where he leads larger services .
and with millions of households tightening their belts as the credit crunch bites , some are opting give up their pets .
brain damage when ingested by young children .
the dogs get free food and veterinary care .
among the many small island nations in the caribbean , the asian rivals have long used economic investment to win votes at the united nations .
foreigners will get permanent residence status from sept . when they invest more than , and employ more than five koreans .
islanders said the current spill had already shifted direction , avoiding floating dams and reaching the coast below the picturesque village of oia . it has yet not reached santorini s best beaches , lined with volcanic black sand , on the eastern side of the island .
but the london show won praise from some .
the protesters demanded cancellation of the u . s . base s expansion and the release of formally arrested activists .
army women divorce at a rate of . compared to . for men .
a suicide car bomber killed people , underlining iraq s dire security challenges , while a kurdish politician spelt out demands that could complicate the formation of the country s new government .
massachusetts lawmakers are considering a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage , but establish civil unions .
that s the operator .
my daughter is fine like any other child , said vinod singh , , a poor farm worker .
but he got it all back friday , including the pants , thanks to a man and his dog .
scowcroft is very close to current defense secretary robert gates , who is rumored to be in the running to stay in the cabinet for at least an interim period at the start of the new obama administration .
it s not a disease .
percent even called it the best ever .
hong s involvement in the scandal came to light through a report of a minute tape recording of a secret discussion between hong , then president of the joongang ilbo , and lee hak soo , vice chairman of samsung group s corporate restructuring office .
we re artists and a machine is a dead thing , said harvey fierstein , star of hairspray .
a priest who was shot and wounded in by a former altar boy he allegedly molested more than a decade ago has been defrocked by pope john paul ii , .
crossing the border into the czech republic , i stow my desire for good wine and become a beer lover .
but sources close to the negotiations said there remained definite sticking points to finding a solution .
also , they pointed to her telling reporters she disagreed with the campaign s decision to pull out of michigan .
in just five hours , the new version of the firefox web browser had as many downloads as its predecessor got during its entire first day , the software s developers say .
tergat set the mark over the same course four years ago .
but his offer was rejected by the western backed majority led by saad hariri , son of the assassinated prime minister .
johannesburg , south africa ap speakers decried crime in south africa at the funeral thursday of a renowned historian who was shot dead earlier this week .
the protesters came to dili on motorcycles , trucks and buses from western districts of east timor .
blair , who is due to resign june after a decade in office , wrote in an article in the sunday times that his government planned to publish new anti terrorism proposals within the next few weeks .
police said the girl killed herself , and they released several suspects , according to the station .
a supernova is a rare and often dramatic phenomenon that involves the explosion of most of the material within a star .
the tour company says it has already seen advance purchases more than double for the may opening weekend .
that unexpected news comes as the government also reports a rise in factory orders for durable goods ?
others believe the gharials may have died after eating contaminated fish from the polluted yamuna river , which joins the chambal in the state of uttar pradesh .
the bush administration on monday asked for an additional . billion for the wars in iraq and afghanistan , bringing the request for total war funding to . billion .
president george w . bush tentatively slated for between late september and early october
two thirds of the lots are vacant .
there is also a million second place prize and million in bonus money to teams that go beyond the minimum requirements .
meteorologists predict more rain across much of the country in the next three weeks .
the spaniards had also lost their last two league games and suffered a defeat at the hands of arsenal in the opening round of group matches , but manolo jimenez s side were faster out of the blocks tonight with kanoute going close early on .
now president barack obama is about to unveil the first ever national vehicle emissions limits .
all on board the plane passengers and six crew were killed , as well as up to eight people on the ground , according to jean pierre eale , an aide to the democratic republic of congo s information minister .
it was the quickest rise in years .
his visit was delayed after he was struck down with flu .
then after minutes , boyhood villa supporter knight celebrated his debut by putting martin o neill s side in front .
it will be located on the unter den linden boulevard , close to the german capital s landmark brandenburg gate .
zapeta s story became public last year on cnn and in the palm beach post newspaper , prompting well wishers to give him nearly , money that now sits in a trust .
she has the strong support of the state s popular gov . ed rendell and philadelphia mayor michael nutter .
the typhoon has already caused high waves and heavy rains in the southern coast yesterday , forcing the cancellation of flights and ferry services .
no one knows what causes a kid to shoot up one month and not another , but there does seem to be a seasonal pattern .
turkish media initially reported that the plane had been hijacked .
however , he did add that the fembot s software could be tweaked to simulate her having an orgasm .
in nacogdoches , miles kilometers northeast of houston , a national guardsman stood watch over a steel rod with silver bolts .
the russian embassy s spokesperson in london told cnn no changes to the ban were currently being considered and declined to comment further .
mohammed jaisham ibrahim instantly became a household name after a man jumped out of a crowd of well wishers and lunged at president maumoon abdul gayoom on tuesday .
britain has privately c omplained to beijing that chinese made weapons are being used by the taliban to attack british troops in afghanistan .
and the second this month after an emergency cut on october
in a statement yesterday , the union asserted that the classes would give students only the minimum information they needed about the apec meeting and the group . the korean federation of teachers and educational workers union said yesterday that it would have a special welcome for the asia pacific economic cooperation forum next week
spencer elden , the underwater infant pursuing a dollar bill on the cover of s nevermind , is doing swimmingly these days , having graduated a year early from a los angeles area high school .
fbi agents arrested blagojevich on december after federal prosecutors alleged , among other things , that he had tried to sell obama s former senate seat .
some incidents involved smoke or flames , according to sony .
the fbi is also seeking stiles on state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of in a separate matter , de meo said .
the report found that about percent of iraq s population endure absolute poverty , and that more than half are now without work .
that was the most infuriating part of all .
for the young generation , music is deemed something that must be consumed over the net cds are for their parents .
parents flick the light switch , flap the sheets and prod their groggy teenagers to get to school on time .
the artist has left blank certain details , such as the face , of which tanner was uncertain .
but ankara has been resolute in saying that , unless it hears concrete measures the united states will take against the rebel kurdistan workers party , or pkk , it will launch an attack .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the under side also won their respective world cup in russia two years ago .
although it did not win a prize , it was one of the most talked about films at the festival .
that may be so , but the band still wants an apology .
beirut , lebanon cnn a massive bombing in beirut on wednesday killed anti syrian lebanese parliamentarian antoine ghanem and at least four others , a high ranking lebanese official confirmed to cnn .
the prius remained the best selling hybrid in , commanding percent of the hybrid market , up from percent in despite the influx of new hybrids .
a total of , employees will be affected .
recent disclosure of a video , in which lee said that in he established the now defunct investment consulting company bbk used the following year by his korean american business partner , kim kyung joon , in a massive stock fraud , has embarrassed lee .
in talks mediated by the government , the korean cargo workers federation and transportation companies met but failed to resolve the dispute over demands by the drivers for higher pay and lower fuel taxes .
. million million he was left by his mother , who died in a paris car crash in .
india has welcomed pakistan s offer to open the line of control loc dividing kashmir to help families find loved ones after the october earthquake .
her cyworld minihompy background music is , of course , dongbang shingi s .
consider it small time porn for the small screen .
the grand jury has also issued an additional charge of aggravated sexual assaults against jeffs .
the scientists equipped five chimpanzees and four people with face masks to track oxygen usage and looked at other measures to assess energy expenditure and biomechanics on a treadmill .
speaking to reporters during her trip to the middle east , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice called the long time president and his government a disgrace to the people of zimbabwe and a disgrace to southern africa and to the continent of africa as a whole .
new delhi , india , cnn india s supreme court granted bail monday to bollywood actor , jailed for six years for receiving guns from gangsters involved in the country s worst bombings .
the new public channel , tves , launched its transmissions with artists singing pro chavez music , then carried an exercise program and a talk show , interspersed with government ads proclaiming , now venezuela belongs to everyone .
the soldiers were handed over to kurdistan regional government officials in northern iraq on sunday , before returning to the turkish military base in diyarbakir .
analysts said traders reacted quickly overnight to the news that iran s government was considering cutting crude oil production .
janaki purushe , a year old genetic researcher living in rockville , maryland , bikes just about everywhere she goes .
families of people killed in the bali blast also criticized the release .
the rules would also ban smoking at national parks and on mountain trails and in many other outdoor public places .
koreans like to depict themselves as a chaste nation .
the latest hot spot orange county , where , people have evacuated their homes since yesterday .
u . s . troops have found the body of a year old south korean hostage who was beheaded in iraq .
fabian cancellara of switzerland from the csc team retains the overall race leaders yellow jersey following his victory in the opening prologue in london on saturday .
de jesus and his believers say their church creciendo en gracia , spanish for growing in grace is misunderstood .
taliban insurgents and their al qaeda allies have launched a wave of suicide attacks against afghan , nato and u . s . led forces in the last two years , seeking to show the government and its western allies are incapable of providing security .
but some westmore residents want to be able to use the beach without having to worry they or their kids will confront a naked person .
the software business was dominated by hardware companies , and everybody thought they would just come in and wipe us out , raikes says .
that s a figure unmatched by any county nationally , according to the innocence project , a new york based legal center that specializes in overturning wrongful convictions .
the three bill package will take effect as early as july .
bird flu cannot be contracted from eating properly prepared poultry , the who statement said .
this includes biographical data , travel information as well as questions regarding communicable diseases , arrests and convictions .
the us house of representatives has passed a bill to more than triple government spending in africa and other badly affected parts of the world .
meanwhile , the announcement was greeted with celebrations in south korea , where families have been waiting anxiously for news of their loved ones .
it says that strong economic development is an important result of improved health .
the south korean government has consistently pursued progress in inter korean relations in harmony with the resolution of the north korean nuclear issue .
harper said that bernier s controversial relationship with a woman linked to the hells angels was not a factor in the decision .
it s kind of like finding a winning lottery ticket in the cushions of your couch .
during this gunfight , the shiite men apparently held the south koreans because they were foreigners .
the robot is used as a promotional tool , reciting information about cars in showrooms and appearing in commercials and at honda events .
a barrage of mortar attacks in southern baghdad has killed at least iraqis , while seven others died across iraq .
protests over communist china s human rights record began soon after the relay began at wembley , and prompted an increasing police presence through the city .
i believe there will be a woman president , he said . i am amazed to have watched barack obama come from basic , relative obscurity to now be the president of the united states .
i cannot understand the conclusions of the dna analyses .
korea exchange bank is going to introduce deposit accounts denominated in chinese yuan .
i guess it will be up to a judge to decide , but it s in our possession right now as proceeds from a drug transaction , deleo said of the winning ticket .
britain twice and was to have relied on his testimony in ruling whether madonna should adopt the child in a hearing next year .
what you do is as important as anything government does .
small changes to help you lose weight
the government has set up a reserve in a lake in central hubei province but failed to find any baiji to put in it . the last captive dolphin , qi qi , died in .
the scotland yard team , he said , will solve all the confusion surrounding how bhutto died last week .
this is the government s view , but the parliament is responsible .
midnights in moscow , post soviet style
somewhere there s at least people dead and about seriously wounded .
serbian prime minister vojislav kostunica had said he might resign if tadic did not call early elections .
while the senate identifies march as a goal giving the president leeway to ignore the deadline the house voted to require all combat troops out as of august , .
victoria beckham s bid to woo americans has backfired with damning reviews of a reality tv show that she hoped would overturn her image here as a sour faced diva .
sure , the white house slipped from former vice president al gore s grasp , but how many politicians end up on stage at oscar night ?
if current trends persist , it should surpass gm next year to become the world s largest automaker by revenue .
the leaders of the democrat controlled us congress signed the controversial bill earlier tuesday .
beijing , china cnn ronaldinho delighted chinese fans by scoring with a trademark free kick in a win for barcelona over beijing guoan on sunday .
in a related development , ellen r . sauerbrey , u . s . assistant secretary for the bureau of population , refugees and migration in the state department , will visit thailand next week to discuss the issue of north korean refugees , radio free asia rfa reported .
posts to be filled include cowen s former positions of deputy prime minister and finance minister .
roh called for beijing to play a constructive role in resolving the dispute over the north s nuclear program .
disclosure was about a sexual harassment case .
to most people , it s the inscrutable x factor
he said his party would reveal their tally of results on wednesday .
michelle obama says it ll probably be late winter or early spring before the girls got their promised dog
in a speech to south korean residents in france , he said relevant parties in the nuclear talks would have to narrow differences between china and south korea , which do not want a north korean regime change and the countries that do .
representatives from more than groups in south korea and the united states attended . a one day , u . s . government funded conference on north korea s human rights situation took place in washington on tuesday , but senior american officials did not attend in an apparent sign that the bush administration hopes to avoid irritating pyongyang on the eve of the resumption of six party disarmament talks .
but privately , white house aides indicated the criticism was aimed at various democrats , including obama and former president jimmy carter .
we don t see more of the chalk line tv coming this fall , said brooks , referring to the long dominant csi school of gritty crime drama .
that agreement with israel must involve looking to improve the lives of palestinians economically , to improve the lives of the palestinians in terms of movement and access .
but how do you know when you re using it constructively , and when you ve gone off on a medical wild goose chase ?
the police chief refused to confirm reports in the italian media that guede was located after police traced to an internet cafe in the town messages he had sent on the social networking web site facebook .
they said they thought the world was coming to an end , he said . they thought they were going to die .
sochi defeated the south korean city of pyeongchang in the final round of voting by the international olympic committee .
or abc s pushing daisies , about a man who can revive the dead to solve crimes .
south korean officials dismissed as groundless a news report that the united states has warned its allies that north korea may be ready to carry out an underground nuclear test as early as june .
china is leading objections to a major report on climate economics being discussed at a bangkok conference .
the video introduces an interview with al zawahiri , and his words are translated into english , with subtitles superimposed throughout .
people must be careful not to drink dirty water .
at that point the participants were ages to .
they are experiencing a pretty impressive challenge . evolution has tinkered . . . to the point where they can deal with the challenge .
but many car renters are already protected .
china has attempted to reform its capital punishment system following reports in of executions of wrongly convicted people , and criticism that lower courts arbitrarily impose the death sentence .
school administrators in ohio voted friday to begin the process of firing a middle school teacher accused of burning a cross into a student s arm and refusing to keep his religious beliefs out of the classroom .
funerals for the rebels will be held thursday and plans were under way to issue arrest warrants for suspects in the shootings .
the korea times reports the ruling uri party on monday proposed an income tax cut by one percentage point and additional government spending of . trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy .
in an interview for bbc radio , mccartney said his bandmates and their producer george martin had vetoed its inclusion on the exhaustive s anthology collection , according to uk s the observer newspaper .
undercover officers in britain , the u . s . , canada and australia busted up the pedophile ring using surveillance techniques more commonly associated with fighting terrorism and organized crime .
the korea times reports seoul city and the walt disney company are discussing a plan to establish an amusement park at seoul grand park in kwachon , south of seoul .
oklahoma quarterback sam bradford becomes the second sophomore , in as many years , to win the heisman trophy .
our investigations find keb to have overstated its liabilities to lower the negotiating price , the board of audit and inspection said in a statement .
houston homebuilder bob j . perry has donated at least , to swift boat veterans for truth , a suburban washington based group airing a new ad in which vietnam veterans who served on swiftboats accuse the democratic presidential nominee of lying about his war record .
cnn north korea prepared to host the international torch relay for the first time ever monday , a day after scuffles marred the relay in south korea s capital of seoul .
the bill would ring fence around half of the money that bush has requested to fund the war in iraq .
the union insists the fight to keep minimums the number of musicians required for each show is part of a larger battle to preserve live music on broadway .
cruise and kidman also have an adopted daughter , year old isabella .
the us has said it has no confirmation that north korea is starting to shut down its main nuclear reactor .
and it always comes back in months , maybe two years , so it s not , like , a lifetime .
wen was later asked about the anti subversion bill and told journalists it absolutely will not affect the different rights and freedoms that hong kong people including reporters enjoy under the law .
madeleine mccann disappeared on may when her parents left her and her two year old twin siblings alone in their hotel room while they went to a restaurant in their hotel complex in praia da luz , a resort town in portugal s algarve region .
prince philip , the husband of britain s queen elizabeth , was released from the hospital on sunday where he was admitted last week with a chest infection , buckingham palace said .
that s because most digital copiers manufactured in the past five years have disk drives the same kind of data storage mechanism found in computers to reproduce documents .
indonesia s mount merapi has been showing increasing activity , emitting large gas clouds and sending more than , villagers fleeing to safety .
like citigroup and bear stearns before it , morgan stanley appears to have found the allure of deep sovereign fund coffers too good to resist .
they have to know that they would face massive retaliation . that is the only way to rein them in .
results from pakistan s first parliamentary elections in six years are trickling in after an election day held with relatively little violence and so far no overt signs of tampering .
he claimed neo colonialism has reared its ugly head by trying to spread disinformation about human rights abuses in burma .
the revision , confirms key conclusions from previous revisions about population growth .
the a . m . quake injured at least eight people , but there were no immediate reports of damage .
vitamin d is unique in many ways .
on the second day of the st inter korean ministerial meeting in seoul , the two sides did not clash over seoul s recent decision to delay its food aid to the impoverished north , according to goh gyeong bin , seoul s spokesman for the four day talks .
south korean authorities advised parents to keep younger children at home to avoid the dust .
riordan roett , director of the latin american studies program at johns hopkins university , said gonzales visit was intended as a political jab against tehran .
hanks has taken to his myspace . com page to pledge his support for obama , who is competing to be the first black president .
republican john mccain who agreed to federal financing is restricted to spending just million on his entire campaign .
jones team mates on the x m squad were jearl miles clark , monique hennagan , latasha colander richardson and andrea anderson .
putin delivered the first speech and stood just behind medvedev when he was sworn in to his four year term .
zapatero has put spain in the vanguard of european social policy , legalizing gay marriage and making divorces easier to obtain .
the cleric has openly opposed violent actions before .
wall street was anticipating considerable shrinkage in the size of the economy ?
the cause of the crash remained unclear .
people power party leader samak sundaravej said a new parliament controlled by the ppp would put in place an amnesty to allow thaksin s return and amend the constitution to allow thaksin to eventually return to politics .
you have seen other people who have lost who mire themselves in bitterness and self pity .
road construction machinery pierced a pipe carrying refined fuel through a village on the distant outskirts of the main city of lagos , spreading flames into the surrounding area , nigerian red cross disaster coordinator suleman maikubi said .
the troops and tanks , which moved in overnight , have cut gaza in two , and have surrounded gaza city .
turkey on thursday recalled its ambassador to the united states and warned of repercussions in the growing dispute .
undoing what the other guy did president barack obama is reversing another of president george w .
experts said they were concerned because the animal appeared thin and had a gash above its left eye .
many political strategists and analysts consider texas and ohio which also holds a march primary must win states for clinton .
china was instrumental in clinching the feb . six nation agreement under which north korea agreed to ultimately give up its nuclear arsenal in exchange for economic and political concessions .
what s more important than short term weight loss is how do you stay committed ?
we have all the offenders in this area that are on probation or parole in one location .
walters said on her television talkshow , the view , that beatie had revealed his second pregnancy to her during an interview for a documentary to air on u . s . television friday night .
berlin ap michael jackson rewarded fans outside his berlin hotel with a brief appearance and a glimpse of his youngest child dangling the toddler over a fourth floor balcony .
being the boss means i must seek out problems .
stories such as these have brought an international response .
japan has faced legislative deadlock in recent weeks , with the country s role in afghanistan a key area of dispute .
the government shut down all pressrooms affiliated with government offices amid mounting allegations of a government attempt to control the media .
police charged michelle palmer , , and vincent acors , , with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication after their arrest at a beach shortly after midnight on july .
the english language version of les miserables , which tells the story of jean valjean and his pursuit by the relentless inspector javert , had its premiere in london at the royal shakespeare company s barbican theatre in october and moved that december to the palace theatre , where it is still running .
in issuing a formal protest over sunday s surprise visit by the japanese prime minister commemorating his country s war dead .
norfolk , virginia cnn to all those people who blurt out wow , you re tall !
analysts reckon sales of sports clothing will grow faster than the shoes market .
harper said they initially focused on security because it was the first time forces attempted to stabilize all of the southern region .
gul took his oath at a ceremony in parliament , pledging loyalty to democracy and to the secular republic .
pygmy hippos are much smaller in size and spend more time on land than their giant relatives , where they feed on leaves and other swamp vegetation .
she s interrupted by another character , auryn karu , demanding to hear the group s thoughts about sarah palin .
zhao , who has been held by the chinese communist authorities since september , denied charges of fraud and leaking state secrets .
a police spokesman said nam changed his workplace every two or three months in order not to be caught and would soon be extradited to the united states after appearing in a korean court .
and with the concept of battlefields changing , rose said the system is more vital than
the joong ang ilbo reports they wanted to make sure their children were safe , so the concerned mothers participated in the school s fire drill themselves .
how death gave life to performance
the anti thaksin people s alliance for democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing his rule , told cnn on tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on thursday .
franklin graham was stumped .
railway companies have also placed the device to discourage youths from spraying graffiti on trains and station walls , compound security said .
but the human rights groups petitioning israel s supreme court said the consequences of disrupting electricity and fuel supplies cannot be controlled or predicted .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki s office confirmed saturday that a video posted on an al qaeda connected web site showed the execution of the police officers who were kidnapped on thursday .
mccain s senior campaign adviser , charlie black , called the newspaper s report a smear campaign .
after losing the first four games in a row and eventually the set , wozniacki went ahead in the second set and then , taking advantage of williams two double faults in the sixth game .
politicians , deluged with complaints , are taking the offensive .
experts from medecins sans frontieres are already treating patients , but more help was needed .
engineers want to make sure there is no damage from launch like the kind that doomed columbia in .
public works minister eduardo bitran and a team of engineers will fly to the area on monday to check a local bridge that was damaged by the quake , she said .
the program opened with the north korean national anthem , followed immediately by the u . s . national anthem , and also includes antonin dvorak s new world symphony and george gershwin s an american in paris .
sabine hilschenz , , was convicted in of killing eight of her newborn babies and burying them in flower pots and a fish tank in the garden of her parents home near the german polish border .
both best picture winners at the oscars as well as critical favorites
by inflating bad loans , the keb executives , including then president lee kang won , sought to lower the bank s bis capital adequacy ratio , a critical measure of a bank s viability .
even the enduring formalities of tokyo s social etiquette and the joy with which tokyoites greet the coming of the cherry blossom are signs that the city maintains a lingering affection for its traditions .
the european commission welcomed the proposal , while the eu executive also called on all parties to respect a decision on tuesday by the constitutional court to annul the first round .
venezuelan president hugo chavez broke off relations with colombia on wednesday , vowing not to restore ties while president alvaro uribe is in power , due to the collapse of mediation talks with leftist rebels .
the beehives , made of straw and unbaked clay , have a hole at one end to allow the bees in and out and a lid on the other end to allow beekeepers access to the honeycombs inside .
after the art experts began studying the circa painting , an oil on wood , a conservator from the paintings department discovered two barely visible drawings on the back of it a horse s head and a partial skull .
when friends grow apart , commit acts of betrayal or demand too much time and energy , what s the best way to end the relationship ?
a former fighter pilot who survived two wars , he carried into space a small pencil drawing titled moon landscape by peter ginz , a year old jewish boy killed at auschwitz .
we can not say there were fair elections , said luc van den brande , head of the osce delegation , monday .
the party , however , appears to be softening its objection to han s appointment following resignations of three of lee s minister nominees .
they called for the replacement of all members of the commission with those who would broadly represent the national sentiment .
last month , the owner of mtv , bet and paramount pictures , said its third quarter profits sank by . workers at adobe will also soon be out of work .
the local administration training institute under the home affairs ministry will run the training program , with high ranking ministry officials participating as lecturers .
this is madness , the madness that is going on in gaza now , he said in the west bank city of ramallah , the seat of the palestinian authority .
eight delegates have yet to be allocated .
after suffering temps of and below , it s practically a warming spell in des moines , iowa today
i may not show my emotions , but this is one of the worst things i have ever seen . . . .
both countries were keen to reach an agreement , believing it will boost trade and economic growth .
oil prices are back below a barrel , traders focusing again on the global recession , instead of the fighting in the middle east .
similarly , in the u . s . pga tour money list cabrera has soared from st to the heady heights of th .
takai will marry year old brad altman on september in los angeles .
a fatal accident involving four teenage cheerleaders and a woman and her daughter s unborn child in another car , has saddened first responders at the scott county volunteer fire department in tennessee .
the swedish researchers said their findings suggest that the minor loss of sleep that occurs at the end of ordinary weekends
the survey , conducted yesterday , finds are more optimistic , while say they feel more pessimistic .
because of the nature of the charges against you , no matter whom you were to select , that individual would be under a cloud of suspicion . that would not serve our state , our nation , or the united states senate , durbin wrote .
president elect lee myung bak visited the scene and deplored the landmark s destruction . people s hearts will ache , he told officials , the associated press reported .
it was a major taboo at some point .
this came shortly after she returned to seoul to face an investigation .
north and south korea have agreed to compete as a single team in the asian games and the olympics , according to a south korean official .
korea has ranked second in terms of salary growth rates since .
he married bruni less than four months after his divorce from cecilia sarkozy .
in the philippine capital manila police stopped thousands from reaching the presidential palace amid fears rallies would become anti government protests .
assuming it survives a risky descent and landing , the lander will wield a robotic arm . feet long to dig up to feet deep to get at soil and frozen water thought to be lurking just under the surface , scientists said .
fires erupted in regions nationwide on tuesday , arbor day , the forest service told the korea herald .
haw began his round the clock vigil in june to protest the sanctions imposed on iraq and , later , the invasion by britain and the united states .
former presidents george h . w . bush and bill clinton will lead the u . s . delegation attending the funeral of former russian president boris yeltsin , the white house said on tuesday , reuters reported .
at least rooftop riders died in the last two years , the newspaper reported .
twenty eight people , many of them drunk , have drowned in the russian capital this month as muscovites cool off from a record heatwave in ponds , fountains and canals , rescue services said on wednesday .
if so , it is the first message from bin laden since january , when he threatened more attacks on the us . the speaker on the tape said that along with their governments , the people of the west bear responsibility for what he called
creech is assigned to the nd airborne division , which is based at fort bragg .
the report called for the earlier identification and more intensive supervision of sexually offending adults and juveniles .
in , fatima bhutto s father , murtaza bhutto , was gunned down by pakistani security forces in front of the family compound .
demanding changes to u . s . antidumping rules and having wider access to the u . s . textile market are two major negotiating points for korea .
some , protesters gathered outside the chamber of mines in the city center to call for greater safeguards for miners after miners died underground this year to september , the national union of mineworkers said .
they eventually took the lead on the stroke of half time when obafemi martins outsprinted michael dawson to a long ball to fire home his fifth goal of the season .
shortly after motorola s news , no . mobile phone maker sony ericsson , a venture of sony corp . and ericsson , reported a quarterly profit , a sales increase and a boost to its market share with . million phone sales .
giant pandas roam the forest in open cages that are meant to provide them with a safe , natural environment that will prepare them for release .
the vote followed concerns by civil liberties groups and others , who called the measure unjust and unnecessary .
but attacks by somali militiamen that brought down two black hawk helicopters and killed u . s . servicemen were followed by the withdrawal of u . s . troops and the eventual end of the u . n . peacekeeping operation .
students at successtech academy described the gunman as having an odd personality .
broadcaster channel was ordered by tv regulator ofcom to issue an apology for its handling of the row , which sparked street protests in india , before the eighth series of the popular reality show began nine days ago .
the statement warned of certain attacks if korea doesn t withdraw its , troops from iraq within seven days .
chrysler said it will run out of cash in the first quarter of next year without help .
but several residents of hamdaniya , including the victim s relatives , gave a different account , prompting a criminal investigation .
instead , he said , the communist party was most concerned about cracking down on dissidents and building new venues .
i know nicolas sarkozy well , and i know his determination to ensure france takes its full place on the european scene , the center right head of the eu s executive body said .
larry lavelle got out , and later found a picture of his place in flames on the internet
the decision was made based on a series of discussions among party members and public opinion polls .
former secretary of state colin powell announced sunday that he will be voting for sen . barack obama , citing the democrat s ability to inspire and the inclusive nature of his campaign .
efforts to protect endangered african elephants from the threat of extinction are being undermined by a burgeoning ivory smuggling network run by asian crime gangs and by a rampant trade in illegal ivory on auction web sites such as ebay , according to two new reports .
so ends a medical report detailing josef stalin s last four days , as he lay dying in his moscow dacha .
mosquito bay , puerto rico
u . s . attorney s office in chicago says rod blagojevich and his chief of staff were picked up this morning .
but it upheld a lower court s conviction of song for violating the national security law by holding frequent unauthorized meetings with the late north korean leader kim il sung and engaging in other pro pyongyang activities .
nasa doctors and scientists , with help from outside bioethicists and medical experts , hope to answer many of these questions over the next several years .
of the likely republican iowa caucus goers interviewed for the poll , percent said immigration was the most important issue in deciding who they will support .
madoff , a former chairman of the nasdaq exchange market , was arrested thursday on a single securities fraud charge for operating a billion ponzi scheme from his investment advisory business .
these groups have sometimes kidnapped oil workers in the name of the struggle for resource control .
microsoft is not pursuing other deals following the withdrawal of its . billion takeover bid for yahoo , chairman bill gates said wednesday .
washington cnn president bush is expected this week to announce his plans for cutting back u . s . troop numbers in iraq , a senior administration official said tuesday .
gates said he will be replaced by lt . gen . martin dempsey , his deputy , who commanded an army division in iraq in the early days of the war and led efforts to train the iraqi military .
. no , i don t have any questions for you .
hepatitis b vaccine
because of economic recession and health consciousness , beef consumption in korea sank to its lowest level in nine years in .
no amount of rain this morning will be able to stop trains from crossing the heavily fortified border on the east and west side of the korean peninsula for the first time in over half a century .
no senator or representative shall , during the time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the united states , which shall have been created , or the emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time .
we ll start with a little positive news about the economy this morning .
several thousand people living within . kilometers . miles of the launch center and under the rocket s trajectory were evacuated two hours before the launch , the official xinhua news agency said .
the soldiers became suspicious of the convoy because its members save the bride were all male and because one of the cars in the convoy did not heed orders to stop , the official said .
the bank of korea left its benchmark interest rate untouched , as rising inflation persuaded the central bank against any rate cut despite a shaky growth outlook that economists say justifies further monetary easing .
the girl , who is now , was found last month with her family in las vegas after a nationwide search generated thousands of tips .
he speculated that the head of the hospital responsible may have wanted personal revenge against him .
two thirds of clinton s supporters there said they would vote republican or not vote at all rather than for obama , according to the polls .
carey s single is the new no . single on billboard s hot singles chart the song also is no . on the trade magazine s digital download chart thanks to a precedent setting , downloads in its debut week .
a jerusalem police spokesman identified the shooter friday as ala abu dehein from east jerusalem s jabel mukaber neighborhood .
maria markova says in a lawsuit filed monday that the year old lohan took the , golden sheared mink coat while in the nightclub oak on january .
obviously , i m not as used to right field , so i need to pay attention to things i m not used to . i haven t had as much opportunity to play in the outfield as i have in the past , but it doesn t affect me because i ve played out there so much in the past , matsui said through an interpreter .
kenneth marende was elected in a vote over the government candidate , francis ole kaparo , who had been speaker since .
the united states has denied claims from pyongyang that north korea has been taken off the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism .
land owned by sri lanka and india are possibilities because the countries have similar cultures , cuisine and climate as the maldives .
srinagar , india ap for three generations , bashir khan s family has helped guard the splendid , but endangered , forests in india s northern state of jammu kashmir the himalayan region where pakistan , muslim insurgents and india have waged a bitter battle for decades .
the president should apologize to the public for attempting to cover for his aide , gnp floor leader ahn sang soo said during the party meeting .
they know what stretches and exercises they need to get ready for a big game and how to treat any injuries that do occur .
katharine has used the sneakers to play soccer and basketball , hiked in them , even waded into the great salt lake , where they were infiltrated by brine shrimp .
i want somebody who has the intellectual firepower , but also a little bit of a common touch , and has a practical sense of how the world works .
cnn at least seven palestinians were killed and wounded monday when hamas security forces and fatah gunmen traded fire at a gaza city rally , according to palestinian medical sources .
he also said he would ask for a change in the constitution to allow the president to be chosen by the people .
consumer brands , including a major beer company , are looking at licensing hop on phones and selling them under their own brand names as promotional items , michaels said .
putin told reporters that he hoped u . s . officials would change their minds regarding the missile plan , warning that moscow was preparing a tit for tat response .
in the first month of operation , five infrared video traps have captured two images of the camera shy mother and calf , said adhi rachmat hariyadi , head of the wwf s ujung kulon project .
nader s decision , which did not come as a surprise to political watchers , marks his fourth straight white house bid fifth if his write in campaign is included .
banking giant societe generale has said kerviel s trades for the firm resulted in . billion in losses .
nominee in , has also called for wolfowitz s resignation .
he was a cigar and martini man , and was perpetually rumpled .
washington cnn u . s . intelligence officials will tell members of congress on thursday that north korea was helping syria build a nuclear facility , according to a source familiar with internal administration discussions .
national security adviser mowaffak al rubaie said the transfer means that basra police will be the first called to respond to any security incident , and will be backed up by the iraqi army as needed .
they were then packed into a small container truck for a trip to phuket .
meantime , as obama gets the latest in a series of updates on the outbreak which has killed a hundred people in mexico and sickened americans in states border guards have started screening visitors from mexico , and officials are trying to understand just how quickly this virus might spread here .
whether , troops come home this year or not , it is too little too late and we must intensify our call for all troops to be withdrawn now and for britain to break the link with george bush s foreign policy , said lindsey german , head of the stop the war coalition , which organized the demonstration .
korea lags behind most of its peers in the organization for economic cooperation and development in women s employment rates .
the windshield of the vehicle in which bhutto was riding was smashed by the blasts and a vehicle following hers was totally burned out .
his comments came on another day of bloodshed in iraq .
ms suu kyi s national league for democracy scored a convincing win in a general election in but the junta refused to hand over power .
attempts are underway to get north korea back to the table after its feb .
microsoft msft , fortune immediately said that these fines were about past issues that have been resolved and the company was now working under new principles to make its products more open .
harry , , serves in the british army and spent weeks in afghanistan earlier this year .
the omagh bombing caused international outcry and gave fresh impetus to efforts to create a lasting peace between nationalist catholics and pro union protestants in northern ireland .
there was little damage around the vehicle and the hotel was not evacuated , police and a hotel official said .
even during the week of negotiations , congress has finally agreed on a billion spending bill that includes the pentagon budget .
japan s benchmark nikkei stock index lost . percent to , . points on the tokyo stock exchange by the close of morning trade monday .
cowen is expected to reshuffle the cabinet within hours .
the reason is simple .
khan had been on the run after escaping from house arrest days after the nov . emergency order was imposed . watch a report on khan s arrest raquo
korea has a less positive national image than japan or the united states .
as night fell on myanmar monday , some survivors faced their third night of darkness in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that robbed them of electricity , clogged roads with thousands of downed trees and , the government said , took more than , lives .
prime minister tayyip erdogan called for an early election on tuesday after losing a battle in turkey s highest court over a presidential election .
rocco , born to the couple in
the noto airport was closed , and roads were snarled with residents leaving or concerned japanese rushing to the area to see relatives .
and it has eaten into their reserves .
the inquiry should be led by pakistan , but the government should call on foreign experts so that the killers . . . can be brought to justice without any doubts , she said monday at the karachi tomb of pakistan s founding father , mohammed ali jinnah .
he s forty seven , he s a first term senator , and yes , barack obama has been to the white house before , but never the oval office until , that is , the president elect sits down for a private chat with the president today .
but jewish groups said they would file a lawsuit against the company .
the seoul western district court rejected the warrant request to detain shin , saying she is not a flight risk .
min is an executive member of the pan korean alliance for reunification s south korean headquarters .
meanwhile , sen . barack obama also beats thompson head to head , percent to percent .
on saturday , a bomb explosion on a bus in a tourist town north of colombo on saturday killed people and sent at least others to the hospital , authorities said .
the comments by chinese president hu jintao and south korean president roh moo hyun came at the start of a visit aimed at strengthening ties between the two countries and addressing the north s nuclear ambitions .
by , elektra was a leading folk label , with crystal voiced judy collins , the raw trio of koerner , ray glover , adventurous fred neil and singer songwriter tom rush among its artists .
politicians and schoolchildren were among at least people killed in a suicide attack in northern afghanistan , hospital and provincial officials say .
geffen s comments drew a strong rebuke from sen . clinton s spokesman , howard wolfson , who immediately called on obama to repudiate them . watch the spat play out
wall street also weighed a weaker than expected reading on private sector employment , as the adp national employment reported that the private sector added , jobs in april , short of forecasts .
if convicted of the charges , he could spend the rest of his life in prison .
the lingering controversy over the potential conflict of interest involving shaha riza , who is on the payroll of the world bank , has prompted a growing chorus of voices calling for his resignation .
christopher hill , the chief u . s . negotiator with north korea , said on tuesday there is a sense of optimism on both sides after the first of several planned working groups talks in the wake of last month s agreement by the six countries involved in negotiating north korea s nuclear program .
that attack also killed three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter , the us said .
the white diamond already has been showcased in hong kong , paris , new york , rome , los angeles , london , dubai and bahrain .
the quake s intensity , according to the usgs , was such that it was also felt in el salvador .
australia is to send all asylum seekers arriving by boat on its mainland to be processed in island camps .
but the announcement was unlikely to mollify critics who say that the proposed constitution will likely be unfair and undemocratic .
he said the dolphin s demise which resulted from overfishing , pollution and lack of intervention might serve as a cautionary tale and should spur governments and scientists to act to save other species verging on extinction .
singing nick mitchell , the sketch comedian who played a singer on american idol .
at first , moore was game .
construction will begin next year and finish by the summer of .
he said every effort would be made to catch the culprits and punish them .
but silencing these citizen journalists is getting more difficult .
though she said she wants to reform the church from within , she will continue her work as a volunteer in a nursing home who celebrates mass in small groups even if she is excommunicated , she said .
the results indicated that new democracy would win enough seats in the member parliament to form a governing majority after the elections , which were called by karamanlis six months early .
witnesses have said there was a fight outside the school , and then the shooter followed the victim inside , where he was shot .
without an apology , monks across the country have threatened to march tuesday from their monasteries , cut off communication with the military and their families and refuse alms .
what investors need is a place where they can do business openly and transparently .
cheney is visiting australia in part to explain washington s plan to send , more u . s . troops to iraq , said michael mckinley , an expert in u . s . australia relations at the australian national university .
if you can win those two states michigan and nevada it means you have put together quite a coalition and have been able to make the kind of inroads you have to make to take the white house , romney said saturday afternoon from florida .
now ross , who the uk s press association reports has a million million contract with the broadcaster , has been suspended from all broadcasting for weeks after the bbc trust , the sovereign body of the organization , met to discuss the calls .
afa and grondona were yet to make official statements following the meeting .
sears is gaining market share and is solidly profitable again .
foreigners who have visas which allow them to live in japan , meanwhile , are angry that they will now be treated the same as visitors and subjected to longer waits when they re enter the country japan has started to fingerprint and photograph all foreigners when they arrive in the country .
opinion polls show the start of brown s leadership campaign has given labour a bounce in support , but the conservative opposition under youthful leader david cameron still leads .
most of the second group of refugees are women and children , according to witnesses at the airport .
northern white rhinos are considered critically endangered .
on the state of the union premiere p . m . edt sunday , ullman s cast of characters includes a weary illegal immigrant worker in manhattan , a tractor riding farmer s wife in north carolina , speaker of the house nancy pelosi , political pundit arianna huffington , former sopranos star tony sirico , soccer superstar david beckham and lindsay lohan s mom .
we have had snow totals anywhere from inches to a foot .
in addition to the camp victory suspect , three other known associates of that man were captured in the iraq ministry of agriculture compound in eastern baghdad s rusifiya district .
at the time the beehives were in use , mazar believes rehov had around , residents , a mix of israelites , canaanites and others .
more modern sections around beijing , that most familiar to visitors , date from the ming dynasty and have been restored since the communist party took power in .
women who were guards at the jail , accused of having sex with male inmates and giving them drugs or other contraband , such as cell phones and cigarettes .
his wife , zaina alsabah , said his residency application was rejected , and showed the associated press a statement from the couple s legal firm quoting a british consular officer who said his residency in britain would not be conducive to the public good .
it said it is working to have united airlines accommodate passengers with tickets for aloha s mainland to hawaii flights .
korea will gain access to million metric tons of liquified natural gas , or lng , from two additional sites near the country s first commercial lng gas field in the east sea , government sources said over the weekend .
head of the cartel in an interview with the ap says a consensus has formed in the group to make significant cuts in oil production levels .
general assembly in new york , bush criticized the u . n . human rights panel for its failure to speak up on these regimes in north korea , burma , syria , belarus and iran .
coastal living cnn there s a stillness that permeates the streets and the water in irvington , virginia .
thailand s beloved and influential king was hospitalized saturday after feeling weakness on the right side of his body , the royal palace said .
but the identities of these donors don t have to be divulged to federal regulators .
the international whaling commission scientific committee estimates there are about , minke whales in the central and northeast atlantic ocean .
the lower house of france s parliament has approved plans to extend special powers .
baghdad , iraq cnn the women are too afraid and ashamed to show their faces or have their real names used .
thirteen israelis , including soldiers , also have been killed since the military operation began .
tension was replaced by laughter . but that was summer .
the oscar winner appeared to have lost weight when he was photographed at a practice for the indianapolis auto race last month .
escape africa is pretty tame , but it knows how to keep its own turf tidy .
hong kong s chief executive , donald tsang , has repeated a pledge to create a more democratic system .
they feel empty without it .
the joong ang ilbo reports that , abe told japanese reporters in tokyo , the fact is that there is no evidence that the japanese military or government mobilized comfort women under compulsion .
now , they ll host philadelphia in game wednesday night .
tokyo , japan cnn japanese police on tuesday arrested a year old man suspected of killing his entire family with a hammer , including a year old granddaughter , a police official said .
obama also says he has no plans to speed up the withdrawal of troops from iraq .
most of the dead were women and children who were traveling on the lower deck of the boat , maniruzzaman said
china is trying to address its pollution problem .
north korea is running out of time to start dismantling its nuclear weapons program before a weekend deadline , a top white house adviser told north korean officials tuesday during a rare visit to pyongyang .
she tells the cbs early show the report backs up her claim that uniformed soldiers did not come up with the techniques on their own
the survivors were exhausted , and many appeared to be in shock , said mohamed ould hamada , head of the mauritanian branch of the red cross in nouadhibou .
it sounds like he lost his pulse very fast and died on the race course , chiampas said .
however , the firewall remains in place for chinese language services on the website and for any links in chinese .
hrw said one million workers from other parts of china constituted almost of beijing s construction workforce .
in a commentary written for cnn on sunday , opposition leader benazir bhutto called musharraf s plan a step to entrench his dictatorship and called for elections under an independent caretaker government .
security council resolution will likely reduce the north korean economy to a state worse than in the mid s when millions died of hunger , the korea institute for international economic policy said .
the korea herald reports the signing friday , allows filipinos to be eligible for worker protection and rights , including union membership , minimum wage guarantees and industrial accident insurance .
the probe team confirmed earlier that some dividends of samsung life insurance shares , which were registered under samsung executives names but actually belonged to the chairman , were used for buying paintings .
sadly , we police had to set up sexual comfort stations for the occupation troops , recounts the official history of the ibaraki prefectural police department , whose jurisdiction is just northeast of tokyo . the strategy was , through the special work of experienced women , to create a breakwater to protect regular women and girls .
at present , the president s term runs six years , and current law would not allow chavez to run again after his term ends in .
a group of natural scientists have developed an economic model to back up their theory that it s more profitable to leave the jungle standing and harvest the natural forest products .
in his statement on the group s web site , obeida called for palestinian factions to be ready for a new confrontation with israeli forces after israeli military operations in the west bank left nine palestinians dead over the weekend .
the u . s . military already had been considering alternatives to turkey because of the growing dependence on that country after the cutback of u . s . forces in central asia in recent years .
perhaps bush s most powerful white house aide , rove submitted his resignation to bush on friday , he told cnn s suzanne malveaux in an e mail .
his preliminary findings contrast with a prosecutor s report which said security forces had made no mistakes .
decapitation for capital crimes such as murder and adultery in saudi arabia are routine .
he and collaborators spend their summers in kenya trying to figure out how endangered zebras form social networks , avoid predators , and interact with the livestock and herders in the area .
how best to use expressions of support , including financial help , in the search for their daughter .
and in , he set a new world record after swimming , kilometers , miles along china s yangtze .
however , some believe the conservative candidate might falter in the run up to the election because of his suspected involvement in a growing stock manipulation scandal surrounding an investment advisory company called bbk now being investigated by prosecutors .
the drama follows the story of a man who affects the lives of seven strangers .
the perforation allowed bacteria to get into smith s blood , which caused a high fever in the days before her death .
the us and iran have taken a first step toward thawing relations .
the north also refused to let south korean doctors go to the area , where thousands of homeless families have been living in tents without adequate sanitation or water .
that permission was only for exploration , however , and did not extend to extraction , the ministry said , according to
the lakers held off the upset minded nuggets with the opener of the nba western conference finals .
british foreign minister margaret beckett said her country would consult with other security council members on the next steps , adding we remain determined to prevent iran acquiring the means to develop nuclear weapons .
british government regulations introduced last year require manufacturers to start printing the warnings on cigarette packs starting wednesday .
media conglomerate viacom slashing about jobs and freezing raises for some top level executives .
manila , philippines cnn a daycare operator armed with grenades and a gun released more than preschool children and their teachers wednesday after holding them hostage on a bus for more than eight hours .
in its second complaint , the opposition party said roh s remarks in an interview with the hankyoreh newspaper on june were a breach of the law .
a claim by a local television broadcaster that former president kim dae jung has an illegitimate daughter , who for years was looked after by spy agency operatives , was rejected as baseless yesterday by kim s aides .
bonfrere quits football coach .
while others think that the business of buying domain names has become more about protecting brands than promoting them .
the two day death toll in gaza has surpassed , with most of the deaths occurring on saturday , the deadliest day of israeli palestinian fighting in a year .
since i ve started my struggle for human rights in afghanistan , for women s rights , these criminals , these drug smugglers , they ve stood against me from the first time i raised my voice at the loya jirga , she said , referring to the constitution drafting constitution held several years ago .
that s a lot of ketchup , said tracey parsons , a heinz spokeswoman .
the korea times reports the government is considering measures requiring all individuals nominated for ministerial positions to pass a confirmation hearing with the national assembly in an effort to build a more transparent society .
korean stock investors will see how the ripple effect plays out starting today .
the order targets captured al qaeda terrorists who have information on attack plans or the whereabouts of the group s senior leaders .
sarkozy divorced his second wife in october and married the italian born former model , now a successful singer , in february after a quick courtship .
he had mentioned the cache of cash to someone , and he believes that remark may have led to the robbery , he said .
the cac in paris down . percent to , . and frankfurt s dax dropping . percent to , . .
brazil s state owned oil company , petrobras , says it has discovered a huge new offshore oil field off the coast of rio de janeiro state .
in to help , and rescuers dug a parallel well to tunnel into where vandana was trapped .
australian customs ficials searched sylvester stallone s hotel room and private jet on monday , three days after seizing banned substances from the muscle bound actor s entourage as he arrived for a promotional tour , a news report said .
washington intends to slap more sanctions on north korea as it has concluded that pyongyang has no willingness to negotiate with its six party talks partners , an official in seoul said on tuesday .
hours earlier , his party said more than , supporters had been arrested by the pakistan authorities .
the species of jellyfish responsible , pelagia nocticula popularly known as the mauve stinger is noted for its purplish night time glow and its propensity for terrorizing bathers in the warmer mediterranean sea .
this resignation is not the end of the story , reid warned .
one of the trial prosecutors , who was also at the execution , said two top officials had mobiles with them .
the ministry of health did not identify whether the deaths were attributed to the more severe form of dengue , dengue hemorrhagic fever , which can be fatal if unrecognized and not properly treated , the centers for disease control and prevention said .
it was very close . i was a bit scared , they were really close , he said .
roh became the first leader from either side to cross the border on foot .
the hall also features statues of liberal prime minister lloyd george and labour leader clement atlee .
they re reflective of the names here , david r . syiemlieh , professor of history at the north eastern hill university in the capital city of shillong , told cnn on monday .
so when a travel company pulls the weather card , you almost have to become an amateur meteorologist to prove them wrong and get them to take responsibility for your ruined vacation .
woods , who claimed his th pga tour title , became only the third player to win at least four pga championships .
that former owner was not identified , nor was sunday s buyer
turks regard the pkk as terrorists and point to indiscriminate pkk attacks against civilians as well as police and military targets over the years .
a spokesman for democratic gov . jon corzine said the bill probably will be signed into law within a few days , after the exact text is reviewed closely .
the ecb and authorities in asia carried on a global campaign for a third day to prevent money markets seizing up after the recent revelations by financial institutions of their exposure to crumbling credit markets .
but dana promises the magazine soul won t be altered .
after all , we associate love and sex and sometimes confuse them .
the coalition was established in july last year in association with korean film productions .
three weeks ago he was just another nice guy in the office and now everything about him is sexual , says dr . fisher .
it allegedly operated its uranium based weapons program even as it froze a plutonium based one , sparking the latest nuclear crisis in late .
after hours of negotiations , we are deeply disappointed that the talks did not succeed , hussain said .
the first man , who does not appear to identify himself , points to where the crew was when we were seized .
he then made a critical decision to become a dad again , single , and by choice .
a gunman killing at least people and himself .
us democratic rivals hillary clinton and barack obama have sought to rally support ahead of a key primary election in pennsylvania .
thanksgiving is also an opportunity to look for symptoms among older relatives .
the raids were southwest of mahmoudiya and in baghdad , mosul and samarra .
this is by far the largest revamp of the foreign policy team under the roh administration .
an ice storm grounded airline flights and knocked out power to thousands of customers from oklahoma to illinois on sunday .
singapore cnn oil prices have fallen in asia from a trading record of over a barrel yesterday .
the afghan government has ruled out a prisoner swap .
it s not always an easy task .
today s korea times reports police have detected the largest ever school gang in seoul with its members consisting of more than students from middle and high schools .
police have identified just one suspect in the case , but made no arrests before thursday .
the movies with the most nominations ?
a former atm software designer for a large bank , demeter created trism in his spare time and pitched it to apple last spring .
europe reported the divorce was finalized monday .
peru s president , alejandro toledo manrique , will pay a state visit to seoul on nov .
no surprise there , since sharks digest their food slowly .
he was struck by the coaster and killed , she said .
a tabloid has reported that harry used offensive terms to refer to people from pakistan and people of arab descent , referring to one colleague as our little paki friend .
but fletcher said , a little is better than sitting in front of the television .
insurgents on sunday also bombed a minibus in baghdad as it carried pilgrims to one of shiite islam s holiest shrines , killing at least six and wounding nine others including women and children iraqi officials said .
chungtak said the founder of the pageant told her on december about the chinese pressure over the issue that a tibetan could only participate as a tibetan chinese .
an iraqi delegation will also be present at the talks , iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari told cnn .
he s using a recent million grant from google and the skoll foundation to continue something called the global viral forecasting initiative or gvfi .
washington cnn president bush has sent a letter to north korean leader kim jong il urging him to disclose his country s nuclear programs fully , the white house said thursday .
after the arrest of bernardo provenzano , it was the turn of the lo piccolos , palermo police chief giuseppe caruso told the italian news agency ansa . we were on the trail of the bosses for a long time , and this is a great result .
confetti filled the air and fireworks lit up the night sky after the game , which was played in jakarta .
during a recent appearance on cnn s fareed zakaria gps , scowcroft said it would be a wise move for obama to keep gates in the cabinet .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the seventh of her career celebrates both the drama and quiet contemplation that come with the winter season .
more than of the iconic animals starved or otherwise died on the mountainsides during an unusually harsh winter , and more than , were shot by hunters or sent to slaughterhouses in a disease control effort , according to national park service figures .
i need to feel your warm embrace ! according to court papers .
the head of zoe s ark , eric breteau , said after the verdict that he and his colleagues may have been lied to about whether the children were from sudan or chad and whether they were orphans .
he was convicted of taking , in bribes and of dereliction of duty at a trial in may .
koehler , nominated by opposition conservatives , defeated a university professor backed by chancellor gerhard schroeder s government who wanted to become germany s first female head of state .
human food is out of reach
but food protests now crop up even in italy .
germany , with its strong educational and intellectual tradition , occupies th place out of the nations , just behind the united states in th place .
he left the prosecutors office around p . m . on wednesday looking extremely exhausted .
we will not use force against the militants to free the hostages , ahmadzai said . the best way in this case is dialogue .
indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin .
and the americans also provided support for north korean sailors , who managed to regain control of their ship from another group of pirates .
roh arrived in egypt on monday for a four day official visit to attend a summit with egyptian president mohamed hosni mubarak .
the move will help u . s . authorities vet foreign visitors , he said .
there has been no mention of money being paid but it is thought that a ransom may have been part of the deal .
but they cautioned that the actual number is undoubtedly higher , and warned that any drop may be temporary .
doctors say his heart and lungs are stable , and is ready to begin basic physiotherapy and speech training .
local media say the registration will boost lee myung bak s chances for grabbing the presidency because presidential candidates are immune from detention and questioning in most cases during the official campaigning period .
the united states said it would scrap its million payment to the u . n .
the proposal has already been presented to the russians , who strongly oppose it .
myspace is expected to face stiff competition from local social networking sites such as cyworld in a local market that has typically shunned u . s . online services popular elsewhere in the world .
the state which has no laws banning public nudity advises visitors with a sign at a trail head leading to the beach that warns be advised , you may encounter nude bathers .
he s year old justin nickels .
they would separate the people from their oppressors and cast the protective shield around the democratic process for which zimbabwe yearns .
tropical cyclone nargis pummeled yangon for more than hours from friday night into saturday , dumping inches of rain and pounding some areas with mph k hr winds .
kiev , ukraine ap thousands of the prime minister s supporters streamed into the ukrainian capital tuesday to protest the president s order to dissolve parliament and call early elections , ending a shaky political truce with his chief rival .
maybe they re outside in the garden .
david villa , santi cazorla , marcos senna also scored for spain , but dani guiza had his effort saved by buffon .
rising costs of health care and health insurance have squeezed the wages that workers earn and consumed the budgets of their families .
republicans penalized the state as well , but took away only half of their delegates .
during the course of the investigation , the court repeatedly rejected the prosecution s request for warrants to detain some lone star executives who were close to the takeover deal , citing lack of evidence .
the autobiography .
he has been ordered to stay away from his year old mother , mary lamar grancher .
in february , iran announced the launch of its first satellite into space , the state run iranian students news agency reported at the time . but the satellite did not reach orbit .
putin , who has consolidated power in the hands of the kremlin during his eight years in power , had already made it clear he was keen to play a role in russian politics after he left office .
with , locations nationwide , we re a lightning rod for the issue .
hudson also posted two pictures of her nephew , julian king , wearing the brown and orange striped polo shirt he was last seen in .
i am looking for the truth of what happened to daniel , for our family , our friends , and the public record , she said . this process allows us to delve deeper into the investigation , and to bring accountability and punishment to those involved with his kidnapping , torture and murder .
scots welcome coaching new boy maradona
he vowed he would not rest until they are tracked down .
how a louisiana family built the tabasco empire .
although the concept of human rights has been batted around by philosophers for centuries , one of the first modern milestones was the un s universal declaration of human rights , which reasserted the concept after the horrors of world war ii .
getting there involves a walk through the woods , followed by descent of a foot cliff face , aided only by a fixed rope and some sturdy tree roots .
there are no signs yet of an increased risk , fernandez said .
shares in troubled mortgage lender northern rock rose on the london stock exchange tuesday , following the british government s vow to guarantee all its savings deposits .
it was the first visit this year by a shuttle to the space station .
fewer choices at higher prices for farming necessities .
territory , but i can tell you that now , it s more than percent water , granier said tuesday , according to a transcript of his comments posted on the state government s web site . in hours , our state has been devastated , totally devastated .
president george w . bush insisted on thursday he did not learn until recently that the cia destroyed videotapes of harsh interrogations , and said he would not speak any more in public about the issue currently under investigation by the administration and congress . at a white house news conference , bush expressed confidence in congressional investigations , which his justice department had balked at last week , saying he thought all the various inquiries underway would eventually get to the truth .
stock markets around the world plummeted monday , prompted by pessimism about u . s . president george w . bush s plans to boost the u . s . economy .
at the beach , february s late summer water was in the s , so the swimming was fine .
he and his pregnant wife , mariane , a reporter for french public radio , celebrated the new year in the sprawling city of karachi , pakistan , a nexus for gunrunners and drug smugglers dirt poor and decidedly dangerous .
the senate s inaction makes it nearly impossible that a re vote will occur .
i had to stop listening to them for a while , said hutchins , who lives in cumming , georgia , and plays the piano , guitar and harmonica .
while not part of the transition team , william ryback , who has been the first foreign special advisor for the financial supervisory service fss , will also serve as an advisor for lee .
assateague island national seashore , virginia and maryland
however , traffic at any given time hovers around , users .
it s incredibly impressive that babies can do this , said study lead author kiley hamlin , a yale psychology researcher . it shows that we have these essential social skills occurring without much explicit teaching .
we hope this matter will be resolved without the filing of any criminal charges as it was a disagreement among acquaintances , not a criminal assault , said the attorney , benjamin brafman .
but afghan foreign ministry spokesman sultan ahmad baheen said our security agencies reported to us that one of the german engineers is still alive and the second died of heart attack and heat .
but he said they would hear intimate details of her personal life .
illegal migrants who used to travel as stowaways on railway freight cars also have been searching for new routes north since train service was interrupted this year on two railway lines .
bob barker returned to the price is right , and this time he was the showcase .
the results of the presidential election have not been released .
it is expected to hit the central american coastline early tuesday morning , according to the hurricane center based in miami , florida .
the white house is planning a major announcement this week involving two complaints to the world trade organization accusing china of unfair trade practices , two senior administration officials said sunday .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday she has already answered the questions she has been subpoenaed to answer before a u . s . congressional committee and suggested she is not inclined to comply with the order .
in one scene from the video , a student mixes what looks like a beef stew in a plastic bowl and adds garlic and other items .
the us denied any civilians were killed , and a photo showed the armed militants maneuvering against the us forces , including one woman with a rocket propelled grenade .
some of the most popular new year s resolutions , according to crawford , include improving health and fitness by exercising more and eating less , getting financial affairs in order by paying down debt or saving money , getting organized , spending more time with family members and quitting a bad habit such as smoking .
the year old kennedy underwent surgery in june for a malignant brain tumor .
the simple procedure ended the long and troubled run of the facility that became a synonym for nuclear fears and the dangers of atomic power .
the company said it was open to a transaction from any potential buyer , including microsoft , but that it would reject anything below what it considers full value .
iraqi flags and leaflets dotted the march route , according to the ap . some of the leaflets read , yes , yes to iraq and yes , yes to muqtada . occupiers should leave iraq , the ap reported .
i haven t had any luggage issues .
he is also accused of pressuring a government ministry to provide funding to two buddhist temples one linked to dongguk university , where shin had been a professor , and the other to byeon himself .
and the event drew about people who competed in events like the corporate phone toss , and pin the blame on the boss .
loginova grabbed onto the door handle as the car picked up speed and she was dragged along the street before letting go as the car sped away .
the poll asked whether the country is ready for a black or female president , not whether respondents would vote for a black or female president .
what do the automakers want ?
five days later , almeida was summoned to a police interrogation and swore she was innocent .
three strong earthquakes struck sunday near new zealand and the u . s . territory of guam in remote parts of the south pacific , monitoring agencies said .
bhutto was killed december in rawalpindi , south of the pakistani capital islamabad , while she was standing in an armored moving car after rallying supporters for now postponed parliamentary elections .
it is to provide the kinds of resources and reinforcements our forces need to get the job done , and at the same time say to the iraqis you guys got to step up , snow responded .
there are some who speak of a team of rivals , but i ve never seen it that way .
paul international airport police sgt . dave karsnia wrote in the report he filed .
on tuesday , thai police said they wanted to question exiled legally elected pm thaksin shinawatra over alleged graft .
chung myung whun , the director and artistic director for some of the world s leading symphonies , is to be appointed as an artistic adviser to the seoul philharmonic orchestra , a seoul city official said yesterday .
they are also investigating the authenticity of a photo published in british tabloid newspaper the daily mirror , which claims to show darwin alongside his wife in an apartment in panama city , panama in july .
the alaska governor made the remarks at a fundraising event in north carolina last week .
cable companies already enjoy a comfortable lead in offering high speed access , with . million customers in the united states , according to the yankee group .
usher said he believed that by ending his professional relationship with his mother , it would bring them closer .
bartz sits on the board of intel corp . , cisco systems , netapp and the foundation for the national medals of science and technology .
so far , hilton does not have a cellmate , whitmore said .
obama is popular across many parts of the country , especially in western kenya where many of his relatives live .
it is natural that those who spend a quite long period of time in space find it harder now , he said .
mrs johnson was born in karnack , texas , which was the plantation home of her parents .
but in another sense , what happened had as much suspense as a heavyweight title bout , and frost nixon sets up the interviews by showing two men on undesired paths .
there were no significant heart benefits found from low intensity walking .
this event could have ended at any time if the man had put his hands behind his back , the judge said .
i don t want that misunderstood , palin said . if that s the way it came across , i apologize .
ivory coast striker drogba , who could also line up against united in the champions league final , has strong claims too , having already topped goals for the season in which his club has already lifted the league cup and still retain high hopes of success in three other competitions .
unusual behaviors arise , moods inexplicably vacillate from anger to paranoia , and lapses in people s memories become more apparent .
beijing , china cnn a chinese man has videotaped a large white animal swimming in the yangtze river which experts say is a dolphin species unique to china and feared extinct , the official xinhua agency reported on wednesday .
in london , october brent crude gained cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange .
haniya s top adviser ahmed youssef told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that there is nothing in the palestinian constitution that outlines an emergency government .
jakarta , indonesia cnn about students broke into a dutch consulate compound in indonesia wednesday to protest a film by a dutch lawmaker that many muslims consider anti islamic .
in thursday s rioting , more than people were stabbed , bludgeoned or burned to death and were seriously injured , ijewere told the associated press .
he appears to be in his late s or early s in the images .
currently , neither state will be allowed to send pledged or superdelegates to the summer convention .
but then again , the yankees need him back whenever he s ready .
it s very difficult for foreigners to get cell phones with the same rates as koreans , said david watermeyer , a south african who has lived here for about a year .
the first talks , from to may , will take place in seoul .
dr . gary small , director of the ucla center on aging , says aging brains show signs of inflammation , and fish oil has anti inflammatory properties .
abbas also is scheduled to meet president bush on april at the white house .
the best rule of thumb is to check with your doctor if you have any major medical issues before you lie on that heated up and padded down massage table .
n . korea , u . s . on path to diplomatic normalization
and operating base , the military said .
korea s consumer confidence plunged to its lowest in four years in november , suggesting that domestic demand will continue to be a big drag on asia s third largest economy .
not guilty to all charges , obviously .
new mexico governor bill richardson said north korean officials had assured him they would invite back un nuclear inspectors as soon as they had access to their money .
rudd promised a gradual withdrawal of the troops , but had been coy about setting a timetable for their return to australia .
china provided passports , id cards and family registers for he kexin , yang yilin , jiang yuyuan , deng linlin and li shanshan , all showing the girls were or would turn this year .
the opposition parties have continued to call on the government to reconsider the capital relocation and get the people s consensus before pushing ahead with it .
melanoma is one of the most common cancers in americans between the ages of and when other leading cancers , like lung and colon , rarely occur .
it never went to the court , he said .
in the democratic race , the poll shows clinton and obama essentially tied for the lead in iowa .
to help the government , to help the rule of law , to help the civil society .
skeptics of the u . n . led negotiations stress that the reports themselves highlight that significant uncertainties exist surrounding the science of climate change .
the order is boeing s first major deal announcement at a paris air show so far dominated by rival airbus and its bonanza of deals .
tsvangirai , who leads the movement for democratic change mdc , has claimed victory in the election and called on mr mugabe to step down to allow a peaceful handover of power .
crude oil prices rose above a record per barrel wednesday as worries about inadequate winter supplies in the northern hemisphere and news of refinery problems stoked bullish sentiment .
the capital of the nation is now divided into eight sections from zone to zone , and buses will be divided into four groups by their colors red , yellow , blue and green depending on the designated area they run .
she cited a recent report from secretary general ban ki moon to the security council on children and armed conflict that named groups in countries responsible for the recruitment and use of child soldiers .
workers pulled glittery suits and platinum records out of cardboard boxes sunday ahead of what s being called the largest auction of jackson family memorabilia ever .
the georgia democrat says he was trying to remind americans that toxic language can lead to destructive behavior .
the apology came after an incident where a year old woman inmate , identified as kim , attempted to commit suicide after allegedly being sexually harassed by an officer at the seoul detention center last month .
if the mother did this , they should put her behind bars ?
north korea s foreign ministry said it welcomed the u . s . move and would give international inspectors access to its main yongbyon nuclear facility to oversee the crisis .
president roh moo hyun urged the national assembly and the public to support the bill , saying it is in the country s strategic interest .
tipton said travel there would only be badly affected if countries directly warned against visiting thailand .
ajusco is best climbed on a clear , sunny day , when you will be able to see the surrounding countryside , mexico city to the north and perhaps izta and popo to the southeast .
three british residents held at the us guantanamo bay prison camp for being suspected terrorists arrived in britain on wednesday after more than four years in captivity and two were promptly arrested , police said .
president bush in his weekly radio address doesn t see most of the billion being used in the financial bailout as lost money
these changes had deep intellectual , cultural , almost physical effects on dylan s audience , haynes said .
terry mcauliffe rejected as percent incorrect an associated press report that clinton is preparing to acknowledge obama has the delegates to win the nomination tuesday night as the five month democratic primary process comes to a close .
according to the report , released earlier friday , interviews with flight surgeons and astronauts identified some episodes of heavy use of alcohol by astronauts in the immediate preflight period .
the authority said it dispatched teams to identify the areas of damage and repair them , and that police were also investigating .
in london , brent crude on the ice futures exchange fell cents to . a barrel .
tuusula , finland cnn flags in finland were flying at half staff thursday and government workers observed three minutes of silence a day after a teenager opened fire at his high school , killing eight people before fatally turning the gun on himself .
medical teams at the theme park tried to revive her , but by the time the ambulance arrived , the girl had died , he said .
however , we re not quite out of the woods yet , but i think we re beginning to see a light at the end of the tunnel .
she returned to power in , but again her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations in .
the original schedule had called for two full days of talks in communist run vietnam , which has good relations with both japan and north korea .
a team of u . s . officials will be traveling to pyongyang shortly to negotiate details over how to verify the long awaited north korean accounting of its nuclear activities , rice said .
another chp lawmaker said she fears that if the proposal is enacted , parents will feel pressure to have their daughters wear headscarves , even in elementary school .
a lawyer reported being ill with headaches , lung irritation and swellings for several days after collecting a new car and driving it for only minutes .
the first exonerations based on dna testing were in , and in all , the defendants served about , years in prison for crimes they didn t commit , according to the group s web site .
and more than suspected illegal immigrants were rounded up in a raid at a poultry processing plant in south carolina .
the top south korean diplomat in the united states said seoul has called on washington to refrain from additional sanctions that could pour cold water on efforts to bring north korea back to the negotiation table .
kenyans were voting thursday in tight presidential and legislative elections which could see an incumbent leader voted out of office for the first time since the country s independence .
he said he was drunk at home when he heard someone shouting at him to get out or they would burn down his house .
the surge began in january when president bush ordered nearly , additional troops to iraq in january as part of a campaign to secure baghdad and its surrounding provinces .
it wants to avoid a repeat of scenes in when motorists were forced to line up at gas stations as truckers angry at heavily taxed fuel brought britain to a standstill by blockading refineries .
in an ongoing sign of the bloody sectarian fighting in the capital , unidentified bodies were dumped across baghdad on sunday , an interior ministry official said . this brings the number of dead bodies found dumped in baghdad this month to .
the department has reforested , hectares , acres , planting over million trees .
gusmao said the decision to impose emergency rule , which would last days , had been taken in close collaboration with prime minister mari alkatiri .
park jin claimed the possibility of us s preemptive attacks on nk .
but lee says he wants greater concessions from the north , linking the provision of economic packages to progress on the nuclear issue . the bbc , quoting his aides , say south korea s incoming president wants to scrap the ministry handling relations with north korea .
there have been conflicting reports .
the year old girl and her mother , who was also in the room during the struggle between year old ronald marquez and officers , were hospitalized , police said . their condition was unavailable .
since , west nile virus has made people severely ill and caused nine deaths .
i suspect it will be very similar in the debates .
yin weimin , minister of human resources and social security , last month described china s job outlook as grim and said the situation was likely to worsen until an economic stimulus package kicked in next year .
a section of a bridge collapsed saturday as thousands of hungry cyclone victims stampeded toward aid workers delivering rice in southwestern bangladesh , officials said .
foreign minister ban ki moon reprimanded his japanese counterpart nobutaka machimura on thursday , correcting his wrong comment with previous day which he disrespectfully criticized the south korean head of state .
nearly , pilgrims have registered to take part in the july world youth day festival , and organizers say more are expected before the event starts .
other witnesses at the inquest have expressed skepticism about an engagement , and whether the couple chose a ring in early august .
cape canaveral , florida cnn space shuttle atlantis blasted off from kennedy space center friday evening on an day mission to the international space station .
in recent years , as aids has taken a toll in the nation of . million people , villagers have blamed suspected witches
kalfin said medical checkups would be the first order of business after the group was welcomed in sofia .
the onetime star of barbarian queen and the spoof amazon women on the moon was found dead in spector s alhambra home dubbed the castle from a single gunshot wound through the roof of the mouth .
arthur martinez , the former vice chairman of saks fifth avenue , knew he had big problems when he joined sears last year to rescue its sinking retail unit .
we are known as the island of saints , michaelides said .
the presidential candidate also called for doubling the federal income tax exemptions for dependents , from , to , .
the five a man in his s , his wife , two children and a family friend are being questioned by military and intelligence officials , a defense ministry official said .
south korean soldiers stationed in the northern iraqi town of irbil are keeping a low key posture so as not to provoke islamic rebels , a ministry official said . seoul went on high alert for possible terrorist attacks over the weekend and a close associate of al qaida leader osama bin laden purportedly called for attacks on the united states and its allies , including south korea .
hours after the morning blaze was reported , the roughly two block area north of los angeles appeared charred and resembled a disaster movie , los angeles city councilman tom labonge said .
lee played the round of golf on a national holiday on march .
the citation for the year old dylan noted his profound impact on popular music and american culture , marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power .
durham , north carolina cnn sen . edward kennedy was released monday from duke university medical center in north carolina after recovering from brain surgery , cnn has learned .
i m feeling really good and that s the best part of being an athlete just coming out and being healthy .
former olympic meters hurdles champion liu xiang could return from injury in time to meet arch rival dayron robles at the world championships in berlin .
the exit polls also indicated roughly percent of mississippi democratic voters said race was an important factor in their vote , and percent of those voters supported obama .
noriega is scheduled to complete his florida prison term on september .
european stocks rose on monday , as a sharp rally in the mining and industrial sectors helped the market resume friday s recovery in the wake of the surprise discount rate cut by the u . s . federal reserve .
the ministry said it would allow airline companies operating here to set surcharges according to oil price levels , up from the current seven .
under the current guidelines set for lowering cholesterol levels , none of the participants would have qualified for taking statins .
this assessment is based on highly credible intelligence information , caldwell said .
a barrage of mortar attacks in southern baghdad has killed at least iraqis , while seven others died across iraq .
this weekend s summit is the final meeting between bush and putin as presidents and follows both leaders attendance at last week s nato summit in romania .
lobbying scandals , involving mainly republicans , played a decisive role in the democrats mid term election win .
it s very difficult , says nicky , who spends several hours a day studying english at school . i hate memorizing grammar , and teachers at my school are so boring .
the move follows the controversy over an incident of alleged indecent exposure that took place during a live music show aired on mbc last saturday .
he says he could envision going back and forth between south korea and the u . s .
schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in los angeles and ventura counties , and local officials have urged president bush to issue a federal disaster declaration .
in giant block letters in the snow .
a canadian who had been working in south korea as an english teacher , he was arrested early friday in nakhon ratchafima , a town about miles northeast of bangkok .
sharif , like other opposition leaders , was highly critical of bhutto for discussing a power sharing government with musharraf .
cnn a magnitude . earthquake shook britain early wednesday , centered on the east coast north of london , according to the u . s . geological survey .
russia and china continue to oppose kosovo s declaration of independence while spain has expressed concern that recognition will give momentum to secessionist movements in other countries , such as the basques in northern spain .
but medication is only part of the solution
two years ago , the first press screening of the da vinci code drew open laughter from cannes critics , whose harsh reviews spoiled the film s premiere a day later and set the stage for a worldwide critical drubbing .
scientists at nasa , along with a dedicated team of their designers , programmers and researchers , have put together one of the most stimulating , most thorough climate tracking sites you ll find anywhere on the web .
moreover , at least two of those degree holders are now working as university professors in korea .
tuesday s contests did not produce a front runner on the democratic side .
earlier , china slammed the united states for bestowing the nation s highest civilian honor on the dalai lama , calling the ceremony an affront to the budding relations between the countries .
campbell , a british fashion model , has a history of getting physical with assistants and employees , and has attended an anger management program .
two other terror related suspects were detained as well .
the case has riveted people in south africa where an estimated , children are killed each year in part because both the baby and rodrigues were white and from privileged backgrounds , whereas most cases involving violence against children involve black and underprivileged defendants and victims .
some hens are even fed flax and fishmeal to boost the levels of omega s in their egg yolks .
we are trying to bring the parties together to start a dialogue , he said .
at his hearing , mohammed portrayed himself as al qaeda s most active operational planner , confessing to the beheading of american journalist daniel pearl and to playing a central role in other attacks and plots in the u . s . and worldwide that killed thousands of victims .
in a statement , the ministry said it was deeply disappointed and angered at the japanese leader s visit to the shrine .
according to their joint statements , the two leaders reached a consensus that college student exchanges between the two countries will become an important cornerstone for better bilateral ties .
police said the stolen jewels are worth an estimated . million euros . million in total .
it expects to pay that back by increasing ship tolls an average of . percent a year .
such stars as will smith , annie lennox and queen have taken part in nelson mandela s second aids benefit concert in south africa .
that s about cents less than the seattle based coffee retailer normally charges for an oz . cup of joe , though prices vary from store to store .
beijing , china ap european union leaders will press china for faster action on its swelling trade gap and currency controls at a summit this month , the eu ambassador to china said monday .
earlier in they destroyed u . s . major league soccer team houston dynamo to win the pan pacific championship final .
he s attending cadet graduation there this morning , to say again the stimulus will help right the economy .
the proteins accumulate , eventually forming the clumps and holes characteristic of creutzfeldt jakob .
we re talking salary cap here , and the ap s mark smith is live at the white house with the story
i don t understand that a player can act that way , fandel said . we have to make it clear to brutal players like poulsen that such behavior is not wanted on a football field .
beutel says the biggest factor moving prices right now is the federal reserve s trillion dollar cash injection .
but with his new company , gordon murray design limited , he s now turning his considerable talents to a car that is much smaller and considerably cheaper to own and run .
the announcement monday by citigroup the largest bank in the u . s . that has recently suffered massive losses due to the nation s housing market slump raised speculation that there won t be a serious u . s . credit crunch if the company s finances improve , traders said .
heavy snow falling in the northeast the same storm that caused so many travel problems in the midwest yesterday and overnight is expected to dump ten inches in parts of massachusetts .
the issue has hindered efforts to meet saturday s reactor shutdown deadline .
yet as free market president alan garcia speeds the development of peru s high end tourism sector , he is sparking a standoff with local residents who say they won t benefit from the boom .
gambari arrived in burma on saturday for his second visit since protests in september were brutally suppressed .
no . although this hypothesis was popularized in the s , well controlled studies conducted since then have produced no evidence that food additives cause hyperactivity or learning disabilities in children , the agency said .
in a news briefing on monday , ahmadinejad said the two countries , which fought an eight year war in the s , had signed memorandums of understanding , such as economic and border agreements , and would sign many more .
the market value of companies listed in the kospi and the tech savvy kosdaq reached , . trillion won , exceeding the , trillion won level for the first time
japan s economic outlook got a boost with figures showing business activity rose . percent in march from the previous month .
premier league referee rob styles has been dropped from this weekend s program after awarding chelsea a controversial penalty in sunday s match at liverpool .
i drove it around the dealer s block , and around the corner with my two very young kids
once those underperforming stores have shut down a process the company said will happen gradually from now until the first half of starbucks said it expects the change to boost earnings by million a year .
some may deny the surge is working , but among the terrorists there is no doubt . al qaeda is on the run in iraq , and this enemy will be defeated , he is expected to say .
they were given search tasks such as finding out how to choose a car or looking up the benefits of eating chocolate or drinking coffee .
hilton will be jailed for about days of a day sentence and will be separated from the general inmate population , authorities decided after reviewing her case .
grylls is a former member of the british special forces and has broken his back in several places during his service .
the us will likely be keen for seoul to keep the troops in place .
gen petraeus praised significant but uneven improvements in security and said troop levels would need a period of evaluation over the summer .
because she trails him in pledged delegates , in superdelegates and in the popular vote , she s faced calls to drop out of the race .
my son was at the time , i think , my daughter was , and i decided immediately that this was the car i had to have .
on monday , police secured statements from six victims who said they were beaten directly by kim and his son .
the new date follows weeks of behind the scenes diplomacy led by china following pyongyang s decision to return to the negotiating table after its october test .
rice got out and ran toward police officers and saw a woman , who turned out to be lohan , run from the suv toward her , she contended .
information about how the planet is changing in a detailed and engaging format with graphs , tables , reports and interactive features which are easy to find , follow and understand .
the sevilla defender apologized after the match , calling his actions incredibly stupid .
andrew forrester , from wales , was helping search for madeleine and found the effort of portuguese police underwhelming .
by summer , more than million americans were waiting for passports
the clinton campaign would not indicate how much money it had raised in the same time period .
valentine told police after her april arrest that she had seen all of bullock s movies .
an explosion has rocked central new york during the evening rush hour , forcing the evacuation of nearby streets and grand central station .
palop , whose headed goal against shakhtar donetsk in the last had kept the holders in the competition , saved spot kicks from luis garcia , jonatas and marc torrejon to give sevilla victory on penalties .
it is the first time for the north to give an official nod to the south s push on the issue , although the word abductee is apparently intentionally omitted in the agreement .
hwang , who is , gained worldwide fame after producing the world s first cloned human embryos and stem cells tailored to be used on individuals .
the north says the negotiations were sincere and constructive and that progress was made there .
blair , who is now a middle east peace envoy , met pope benedict xvi at the vatican in june .
president elect barack obama was , for a while , like hundreds of thousands of other residents and tourists , in the dark on oahu .
on friday , a few wheels went off the track in kansas , but no cars turned over , she said .
millions of its citizens are affected by radiation related ailments .
various official and spontaneous festivities will sweep the city , known for the democratic movement against martial law troops in , according to officials at the south s organizing committee .
church members tour settlements with baras and have donated more than a , to support them .
president mikhail saakashvili also promised to lift within days the nationwide state of emergency that he had imposed late wednesday after a violent crackdown on anti government protesters , saying the situation in georgia is quickly stabilizing .
the american auto industry will never be the same
the little girl disappeared from her bedroom at a hotel resort in portugal on may as her parents dined nearby .
officials say a wildfire burning near the south carolina coast for a rd day now has caused more than million damage .
he s a medical miracle .
he and ambassador ryan crocker gave an update to congress on the iraq surge , on the first of two days of hearings .
she met israeli prime minister ehud olmert and will meet palestinian president mahmoud abbas on monday .
chinula said the group was not challenging the adoption and he expected it to be approved next week .
a car bomb packed with explosives detonated sunday in a central baghdad square , killing people and wounding , the deadliest attack on a violent day that claimed the lives of at least others .
they re cutting the front office squad at the nfl
taliban , claiming responsibility for a car bombing outside the us main military base in afghanistan today
the federal investigation agency is a national investigative agency similar to the fbi in the united states and is surrounded by heavy security .
among the issues the attorneys wrangled over was whether stern had legal standing to determine a burial place , or even to take part in the proceedings
the main opposition grand national party gnp on thursday expressed concern over president roh moo hyun s declaration of diplomatic war on japan , saying a more refined approach is required .
after setting the mood with lighting and finessing , the georgia aquarium s attempts to coax rare sea dragons to mate have finally worked just in time for father s day .
the rare condition is called isciopagus .
the animals appeared to have been well fed and in good physical condition , alan knight of british divers marine life rescue told cnn tuesday .
used to survive in harsh environmental conditions .
but in this situation , it was like i had a different personality . i felt like i d reverted to childhood , she added .
washington also said it could consider giving the north assurances it would not be attacked .
two parties won the majority of national assembly seats in the february parliamentary election .
djokovic broke in the opening game of the third set only to let a lead slip as the swiss hit back to .
the airport is the second busiest in thailand , according to the airport s web site . it s about miles kilometers from downtown phuket .
many voters from ethnic minorities indians and chinese who make up more than a third of the population , failed to turn out for the coalition .
this year s republican primary was a contest to see which candidate could out bush the other , and that is the contest john mccain won , he said .
two time winner and defending champ , helio castraneves , will start from the full position .
residents in the area , who spoke by telephone , said they heard loud explosions and heavy gunfire .
he also received loads of media attention for appearing naked onstage a departure from his wholesome image as the bespectacled boy wizard in the big screen adaptations of j . k . rowling s best selling fantasy novels .
the colombian government declared a state of emergency monday , allowing officials to take over businesses that used pyramid schemes to steal millions of dollars from million investors .
mourinho then brought on joe cole and salomon kalou for wright phillips and claude makelele respectively .
has claws instead of nails on its fingers .
once again the terrorists demonstrated their blatant disregard for human life by attacking coalition forces in a populated area , knowing full well that innocent afghans would be killed and wounded in the attack .
fields said then that lopez , a first time mother at , was thrilled at the babies arrival .
from the top of a ski lift you can hike the ridge that marks the border of austria and liechtenstein .
the mobile phone footage showed he exchanged taunts and insults with witnesses at his hanging on saturday .
baxter is not involved in this process , and we don t intend to be involved in it , he told reporters .
rice said the iaea agreement with iran was a good thing , but this wouldn t be the first time the iranians made an agreement only to break it
the deal let richey , a u . s . british citizen , go home to scotland without admitting that he had anything to do with the fire .
cecil beaton s pictures they re very important to me , she was quoted as saying after her session with the queen , who leaves on thursday for her first official visit to the united states for years .
seoul had earlier proposed holding a working level military meeting this week , but the north wanted to push the date back while upgrading the level of the talks .
he s gone from the fox show , but he says he s always looking for employment .
the cent a gallon u . s . tariff on imports of brazilian ethanol made from sugar , a measure designed to help u . s . corn growers .
i reiterate my respect for the english football and , after three good years in england , i firmly believe that the england squad will soon be back to their usual great results .
the bones are from more than , men and boys slaughtered in during the bosnian war at srebrenica in the worst massacre in europe since world war ii .
they focused very directly upon sexual behavior , he said .
nearly a million police have been dispatched to help keep roadways open as thousands of vehicles have become stranded in the snow and ice , according to chinese ministry of public safety spokesman wu heping .
the airline has implemented fare increases , a hedging program that allows the company to get contracts on oil prices below the market rate , and offered early retirement incentives to employees to help cover the higher than expected fuel cost , according to a delta spokesperson .
white house press secretary robert gibbs tells nbc s today show that s ok , barack obama will keep working across the aisle
angry victims of the madrid train bombings have vowed to appeal over what they see as the trial court s lenient treatment of some of the accused .
the country s air force command accused the us of carrying out three aerial espionage missions in the last week .
blair , who has made several visits to scotland ahead of thursday s vote , has downplayed the possibility of a break up , saying i don t think people in scotland want independence .
the andean people of that time , aldenderfer said , had recently settled down after many generations as hunter gatherers . formal kings would not emerge for hundreds of years .
nobody is going to be chased from where they live , kibaki said at a school transformed into a camp for the displaced in the corn farming community of burnt forest .
opposition party said government is abusing the new regulations for newspaper publisher .
a city crew and national guard troops brought in tons of sandbags and heavy equipment to plug the leak .
there are several clues suggesting that our sun and planets were indeed born in a violent region something like this , along with some very hot and massive stars , astronomer nathan smith of the university of california at berkeley added .
the government says the businesses defrauded the public by purporting to offer a sure investment .
the passengers had attended the th annual flight safety conference , held in warsaw on wednesday .
allawi also said he would like to see the united states begin to withdraw troops immediately , but realizes the process could take more than two years .
staff and critters at neighboring chengdu panda breeding and research center were also reported safe , according to a spokesperson for the atlanta zoo , which has two pandas on loan from the wildlife reserve .
shortly after the ground attack began , a rebel aircraft bombed the base , the sources added .
musharraf has committed to stepping down from the army , and we urge him to honor his commitments , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said .
king tut and , years in ancient egypt
the meeting is a decision making procedure among tribal elders .
the gnp hopes to take office based on the rapidly dwindling approval ratings for the president and his governing uri party .
cialella told the family sitting in front of him in the theater on christmas day to be quiet , police said .
their vessel was found adrift in south korean waters on saturday .
the koreans church volunteers women and five men were seized on the main road south from kabul last week .
the mother of stock manipulator kim kyung joon is scheduled to visit seoul today to submit to the prosecution the alleged original contracts , which the family claims will prove the leading presidential candidate s link to the financial scam .
across the narrows , mount hor s peak completes the look of a scandinavian fjord .
two men and a woman were arrested in the raid tuesday afternoon in the southern town of villach , austria s federal criminal investigations bureau said .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
president bush may have a global economic solution for you .
the u . s . administration should know that only admitting a mistake is not enough , the irna report said .
india makes peace with pakistan over earthquake .
we certainly recommend that our travelers and anyone who s picking up or dropping off check the status of their flights by contacting their airline directly .
tokyo shares will probably have to go through a double whammy of the resignation news and the u . s . subprime woes for a while , said hiroaki kuramochi , head of cash equities department at bear stearns in tokyo .
police officers quickly tackled the man , dragging him away before arresting him .
they re threatening to set a new record for december snow in the capital of north dakota
you ll find the ginza branch at the intersection of harumi dori and sotobori dori .
the korean bar association yesterday demanded supreme court chief justice lee yong hun resign over his controversial remarks criticizing the work ethic of lawyers and prosecutors in recent meetings with high court judges .
several hundred taxi drivers went on strike wednesday in chongqing , in southwestern china , after the government said it planned to put more cabs on the district s roads , thereby increasing competition , the gansu daily newspaper said
pro democracy candidate anson chan , a hugely popular former government official , won a seat in hong kong s legislature monday , a win she hailed as a victory for democracy in the southern chinese territory .
but his journey has hardly ended .
pyongyang s agreement came at an informal meeting of the chief envoys to the negotiations from the united states , north korea and china in beijing , on tuesday according to the chinese foreign ministry .
klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave
the current law preventing a second term is outdated and it triggers power struggles toward the end of a presidential term , roh said in a statement to the nation .
one officer lifted a small child above the crowd as the child s mother clutched the officer s coat .
totti , who is the giallorossi s top scorer with goals this season , is optimistic of being fit for the second leg at old trafford .
he closed out with a special version of glory days that made springsteen s old high school buddy a big football player instead of baseball , one who threw a hail mary instead of a speedball .
people tend to end up with partners who match them in physical attractiveness , said margaret clark , a professor of psychology at yale university .
delegates from nations will gather on the resort island of bali on monday for one of the largest global warming conferences ever , bringing together about , people including hollywood luminaries , former vice president al gore , fishermen and drought stricken farmers for two weeks of marathon discussions .
they got quite a bit of snow and now they re getting some freezing rain and they have strong east winds , so portland s a real wintry mess as well , probably worse in portland than it is in seattle right now .
treasures which are on display include one of the gold and precious stone inlaid coffinettes which contained tut s mummified internal organs .
hopes for finding any survivors have dimmed , she said .
schwarzenegger refused to use his gubernatorial powers to intervene in the case of stanley tookie williams , a former los angeles gang leader executed for murder earlier this month .
novartis charts shares have slipped more than percent this year .
friday s announcement marks a new development in the iaea s ongoing struggle to resolve iran s controversial nuclear issues .
submitting relevant documents to the supreme prosecutors office , the opposition party urged the judiciary authority to investigate whether there is any room for illegal activities in the kyunghyang shinmun newspaper s access and coverage of information on real estate transactions by the former seoul mayor s brother in law .
the first couple to wed then was year old phyllis lyon and year old dorothy martin , lovers for years .
uncertainty over the u . s . economy , uncertainty over china s economy , said rob hart , an analyst with morgan stanley in hong kong .
frankfurt , germany cnn deutsche telekom ag is ending its year sponsorship of professional cycling because of a series of doping cases .
it was the deadliest single israeli raid in more than a year .
born in grimma near leipzig in eastern germany , muehe said his experience of living under communist rule had helped him portray the tragic wiesler character .
in guangzhou , hundreds of factory workers who had saved money all year to visit their families during china s lunar new year filled the city s train station , waiting for trains that were not expected to arrive for days .
the korea meteorological administration said that precipitation , either snow or rain , will fall across the entire country tomorrow , with heavy snow and high winds in the west and in the mountainous areas of gangwon province near the east coast .
kim separately denied allegations that north korea had a secret uranium enrichment program or that it had any connection with a nuclear program in syria .
the games will be in the chinese city of guangzhou .
while the policy has helped curb population growth , it has also led to forced sterilizations in some parts of the country , the state department said .
in places like pennsylvania and florida , they generally approve of his handling of the economic crisis by a net point margin , in that vicinity
bollea s passenger in the sunday crash , john graziano , , remained in critical condition at bayfront on monday afternoon , said hospital spokeswoman nancy waite .
cnn angry serbs torched checkpoints between serbia and kosovo and triggered explosions tuesday to protest kosovo s independence declaration and international recognition of the breakaway state .
according to israel defense forces , no one was injured on the israeli side of the border , but a number of buildings sustained major damage near the erez crossing .
with national elections scheduled for september there is speculation that the government s mismanagement of the disaster could damage prime minister costas karamanlis bid for re election .
a lawyer who was visiting fiji to assess its legal system has been refused entry by the country s military government .
reduced after secretary of state condoleezza rice announced she wanted to ensure the money did not go to elements of the palestinian national security forces that do not report directly to abbas or where the command and control structure is unclear .
but ejehi named mousavian directly , saying influential persons have called the judge and tried to get him mousavian acquitted .
playboy cover resembling mary desperate , blasphemous
mugabe , who remains defiant despite sanctions imposed by western powers and criticism that his policies are to blame for the crisis , is taking new steps aimed at tightening his grip before seeking another five year term in next year s elections .
then we went on the roof and then we could see the flames coming from the house that the plane crashed into .
people can see the nebula with the naked eye from earth s southern hemisphere , smith said .
the us has not ratified the kyoto protocol , which sets out targets on lowering emissions until .
he won international acclaim as a defender of democracy when in august he mounted a tank in moscow .
a korean association of stem cell scientists has expelled disgraced cloning scientist hwang woo suk and a colleague from their membership .
we need action , seshoka said , estimating that around , people were present for event .
i am naturally ready to answer all your questions , and maybe afterward you will resume covering the news and other topics , and leave me tranquilly with my family .
it will rely on a variety of equipment to assess whether this water may provide conditions that could support microbes .
they rifled through documents in the many offices , finding ornate boxes of stationery and a portable stereo .
but this is no chintzy halloween costume .
this woman couldn t believe what she saw inside the terminal
he also said the recent iraqi operation in basra was not adequately planned .
milan , italy cnn consumer groups held nationwide protests thursday to draw attention to the burden placed on families by the rising cost of food especially italians beloved staple , pasta .
only seven parties of running won parliamentary seats .
that s what it s about . and walton s take on rhino , the creation of his pal and character designer joe moshier , was certainly memorable .
writer director john carney s masterstroke is to make musicians the heart and soul of the picture
in nantes in western france , hundreds gathered again monday night , with a few dozen hurling beer bottles and other projectiles at police .
pro taleban militants in pakistan s north waziristan region say they have ended their truce with the government .
cjd routinely claims one person per million population every year .
an initial probe of a brazilian plane crash that killed nearly people suggests the airliner s pilot tried to abort a landing , an official said wednesday .
about , people had been lining up to buy sugar as early as a . m . , and some scaled over the wall as soon as the guard attempted to open the gate , the report said .
it looked as though united might pay a heavy price for squandered chance when four minutes after the restart vidic was red carded
the u . s . ambassador to seoul is going to meet japan s top negotiator for the north korea nuclear dispute .
north korea has shut down all five nuclear facilities at its main yongbyon complex , international atomic energy agency head mohamed elbaradei said .
chile s chaiten volcano spewed clouds of gray smoke , hot rocks and toxic gas on tuesday , forcing authorities to issue an evacuation order for the more than people who remained in the town of chaiten , emergency officials said .
this order is an attempt to undermine the influence of his holiness the dalai lama , said dorjee bhondup , a leader of the tibetan youth congress who was at the protest .
japan says forming ties is impossible without resolution of the issue of japanese abducted by the reclusive communist state in the s and s .
all of which was a far cry from the usual displays of fast cars promoted by beaming models in an unabashed display of masculine values where green was more likely to be used as an insult .
this is a big opportunity , rinku singh says of his new job .
it was the worst attack since a massive car bomb killed at least people in the nearby town of hilla in february .
critics accused blair of centralizing power , bypassing lawmakers and being obsessed with celebrities and appearance .
juventus crashed against visiting udinese .
in a written statement , a spokesperson for un sceretary general ban ki moon condemned the attack but urged restraint at this critical time .
she said the tremendous turnout is something positive that is coming out of this race .
yahoo s stock has been battered in recent months due to concerns that companies would cut their online advertising spending as a result of the economic slowdown .
of course we will respect the sevilla players if they feel they do not want to play .
mosque bombings believed to be reprisals
hyundai has been operating the business since as a symbol of inter korean reconciliation .
the big rush is mainly at lunchtime , with many people taking time out for breakfast and supper .
ginger s slight body was later pulled from the sweeper .
for philly , it was more than a world series win .
however , he has had to postpone the effort for a couple of days because he was taken ill with a severe flu on his way to the airport in geneva .
nafdac s director general dora akunyili warns counterfeiting is not just a nigerian problem . these criminals are cooperating , so we too need to cooperate if we can face them .
that indicates ayumu was better at taking in the whole pattern of numbers at a glance , the researchers wrote .
butch cassidy in the sundance kid
so why did she choose polaroid and not some other type of photo ? willis is simply in love with that little white rectangle .
petersburg governor vladimir yakovlev pointed out in a speech to the cadets and crowd tuesday , together with russia it has endured war and revolution .
the show is scheduled to air at p . m . et wednesday .
a research group says algae could someday be turned into inexpensive fuel for automobiles and airplanes .
the princess died on august , , along with her boyfriend dodi fayed and their driver when their mercedes crashed inside the pont d alma tunnel , while media photographers pursued them .
early tuesday , a group of people dragged the woman , believed to be in her late teens to early s , to a dumping ground outside the city of mount hagen .
chicago , illinois cnn an epidemic of gunfire rattled the city during the weekend , with at least people shot and six killed .
in shark dive excursions , dead fish and fish entrails are used to attract the sharks and bring them close to the divers .
but other posts speak to the horror of a conflict that claimed millions of lives across europe .
fifty four percent of americans do not believe u . s . action in iraq is morally justified . read the complete poll results document pdf
authorities in texas are vowing to invoke emergency powers to force about people who withstood hurricane ike , to leave bolivar peninsula .
al sadr s political party holds seats in iraq s parliament and once held seats in al maliki s cabinet , quitting last year after the prime minister refused to set a deadline for u . s . and coalition troops to leave .
an operator instantly received the boaters precise latitude and longitude and passed the coordinates to the coast guard , which picked the men up safely before dark .
the engine of the purple and gray bus continued to run , providing air conditioning , ap reported .
bush said he believed a negotiated settlement could still be reached between israel and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas .
cate blanchett , who s up for her performance in notes on a scandal , is from australia .
richard besser , tells fox news sunday even though people have been killed by the virus in mexico , the intensity of the disease may be the same
we find the fullness of life not only in options , but in commitments .
iran has repeatedly said uranium enrichment is its right and will not be abandoned , despite united nations demands .
that doesn t change the opinion of democratic congresswoman jane harmon that it s right for the new president to close gitmo
if you need to see a colleague you can take your laptop with you and talk shop sat at a scooterdesk , an ultra mobile mini work station by belgian design firm utilia .
both are controversial figures who have divided the french .
it used to be that kids would make mistakes , and it was local and singular and everyone knew it was part of growing up , said catherine davis , a pta co president in westport , connecticut , who had a frank talk with her two sons after several students nude self portraits recently spread through the wealthy new york city bedroom community .
last month , the rebel force released two hostages in a deal also brokered by chavez , whose left wing political philosophy comes closer than that of colombia s rightist leaders to the doctrines of the farc , a force that was organized in the s as a marxist army intent on overthrowing the colombian government .
that s craig pfister of the national retail federation .
gerry bodlander , capitol hill .
scientists in south korea have engineered these dogs with fluorescent genes .
political analysts said they expected the territory s communist leaders in beijing to keep a close eye on the election , but cast doubt on whether the outcome would lead to any real change for hong kong .
bbc correspondent alan johnston , kidnapped march in gaza by a group calling itself the army of islam , has been released , according to hamas officials and members of the popular resistance committee in the region .
i ve played her a few times , so i really know her game she s a real fighter and she never stops .
for questions about menstrual issues , northrup recommends the red web foundation , a nonprofit organization the fosters positive views of girls and women s bodies and menstrual cycles .
and it s a question that the person on the street can understand .
france pulled french special forces out of afghanistan late last year and still has about , troops stationed in the country .
london , england cnn previously unseen footage of diana , princess of wales , taken just hours before she was killed in a car crash , has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death .
lee s stance is in stark contrast with the previous two governments which had been seeking the reconciliatory sunshine policy engaging north korea .
cnn sen . john mccain cemented his front runner status tuesday , according to cnn projections .
she remained there all week .
senate , is already putting blagojevich on notice , that any person appointed by him could be refused a seat in washington .
the lesson is that taking control of your own happiness can positively affect others , says james fowler , co author of the study and professor of political science at the university of california in san diego .
hudson won a best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal of effie in the film version of the broadway musical dreamgirls .
the delay comes amid unrest following the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
john helton , a cnn . com producer , had a direct view of the gunman through glass doors .
jerome kerviel had been in jail for more than a month while investigators probe societe generale s trading losses of more than . billion .
federer s defeat means nadal will be the first spanish player in open history to end the year at the top of the rankings , no matter what happens at the season ending masters cup in china next month .
while the routes are protected by spanish law , modern life including housing developments , highways and railways have eroded time honored paths .
investigators believe the child they dubbed baby grace is actually year old riley ann sawyers , the galveston county sheriff s office said in a statement .
during summer vacation , high school seniors study at hansamm .
president pervez musharraf has urged people to remain calm but angry protests have gripped some cities , with at least deaths reported .
ferraro also told abc s good morning america that every time someone makes a negative comment about obama , they are accused of racism .
and , oh yes , big name acts and niche music abounds .
he urged those angered by the killings not to be overcome by evil .
exciting is the right way to say it .
jerusalem cnn a palestinian militant cell planned to assassinate israeli prime minister ehud olmert during a recent visit to the west bank city of jericho , israeli media reported sunday .
citizens , not spectators
india , which advocacy groups say may have as many as million forced laborers , was spared the worst ranking on the state department s new list of nations where humans are bought and sold .
in neighboring pakistan , the military claims to have killed up to taliban in an offensive that the head of us central command , general david petraeus , says has the backing of most of the pakistani people
it would be sad it it ends up in a vault somewhere that nobody sees . obviously i would like it to be on display .
the bullet riddled body of shim sung min was found tuesday in the chahor devor area of the ghazni province , the same province where the south koreans were kidnapped from their bus on july , according to an afghan interior ministry official .
a new trial is expected to begin in a few weeks .
this decision has been taken primarily on the basis that the worldwide media coverage of prince harry in afghanistan could impact on the security of those who are deployed there , as well as the risks to him as an individual soldier , the ministry of defense said in a statement issued friday .
el bulli s success relegated the fat duck in berkshire , england , to the number two place for the second time .
the move is expected to cause a boom in the eyeglass industry as the nation s children suffer irreversible eye strain as they study under the cheap fluorescent lights .
with snowfall that light in new jersey , and a changeover to rain expected later sunday in places , the new jersey turnpike authority salted its roads sunday and didn t bother to plow .
if anything , it looked even bigger in a now famous photo of the hunter and the hunted .
it can hijack computers even without users noticing .
and for a look at the throng at the mall , here s oscar wells gabriel
the united states has pledged . million in aid to the country .
in years of space shuttle flight , nasa never has had to call up an emergency mission control , although it has been practiced .
he talked about a school he visited in florence , south carolina , that had a portion of classrooms called the corridor of shame due to its untrained teachers and lack of books and other resources .
i believe all of them were killed by gunfire , robert stewart , a u . s . witness who had arrived with colleagues at the serena hotel for dinner and to use the gym .
many old buildings , especially those built in the s , either have cracks in the walls or have collapsed , dong told the associated press by phone .
brazil s mercantile and futures exchange called sao paulo s sale of . million in carbon credits to dutch belgian fortis bank the first such sale to be held on a regulated stock market and a significant step toward institutionalizing the carbon market .
the six party talks aimed at resolving the standoff over north korea s nuclear weapons programs could lose effectiveness if they stall further , a report released tuesday by the u . s .
mccain , obama on blitz through battleground states on final day
the personal doctor of pro wrestler chris benoit was charged monday with improperly dispensing painkillers and other drugs .
stocks fell last week but managed to gain friday despite a brutal october jobs report and gm s massive quarterly loss .
princes william and harry said they agreed with the verdicts and thanked the jury for the thorough way in which they considered the evidence .
north sees talks mid september .
hong kong media was rife with speculation on wednesday about the existence , or not , of a will , and whether her siblings who keep an ultra low profile would emerge to claim a share of wang s wealth .
the size of the piece is intrinsic to its value , the artist , jorge rodriguez gerada , said saturday .
anarchist type material was found , the official said , and in a backpack , agents found pictures of new york , including ones of times square , at least one of which showed the recruiting station .
in forbes magazine listed her as the world s th richest person , with a personal fortune of . billion .
scientists have discovered methane in mars atmosphere , raising the possibility that life might exist on the planet .
sen . clinton is an outstanding public servant , she has worked tirelessly on this campaign , she has been a great senator for the state of new york and she is going to be a great asset when we go into november to make sure that we defeat the republicans , obama said on the campaign trail sunday in south dakota , adding monday in michigan that she and i will be working together .
jankovic s compatriot ana ivanovic , the top seed , headlined women s action monday at the . million tournament that features both a wta tier one draw and an atp masters series event .
a u . n . committee passed a japan instigated resolution tuesday pressing north korea to improve its human rights situation , with south korea abstaining .
about to miles overhead , the particles bump into the earth s atmosphere and become electrically excited throwing off light of various colors , said prof . dirk lummerzhein of the university of alaska , fairbanks .
the army arrested him last september carrying what authorities said were classified documents .
it s horrible , said michael cooper , a new york times political reporter who had worked with campbell at the newspaper when they covered new york city police . she was a very dogged , very hardworking reporter , cooper said in a report by the ap . she put in long hours . when doing street reporting , she was always sure to ring the th doorbell , not just leave after a few .
other reports have emerged this year of tensions between sunni fighters and the sunni dominated al qaeda in iraq , particularly from anbar province , long a favored turf for indigenous sunni insurgents and foreign fighters infiltrating iraq from syria .
after the toppling of hussein s sunni dominated government and the emergence of the shiite dominated power structure , sunni arabs began supporting the insurgency .
in the nfl playoffs , the baltimore ravens make it to the afc title game by beating tennessee on the road in nashville .
about , people were sentenced to death in nations last year and up to , people are now estimated to be on death row .
north korea has been constructing new underground missile bases and silos along its east coast in recent years to deploy intermediate range rockets targeting japan and u . s . military facilities on the archipelago , a state run think tank claimed yesterday .
it s closer to architecture .
kim so hyon would just sleep a lot .
it provides tax relief for of americans and targets investments in key areas .
paris , france cnn interpol on monday took the unprecendented step of making a global appeal for help to identify a man from digitally reconstructed photos taken from the internet that it said showed him sexually abusing underage boys .
washington s backing for kosovo s independence has also been attacked .
at a price of . billion between and .
police are also seeking warrants for three other people , including two subway officials and the man accused of igniting the carton filled with gasoline that started the blaze , choi said .
foreign investment , loans and development aid to zimbabwe have dried up amid years of political and economic turmoil after mugabe s government began often violent seizures of thousands of white owned farms in .
the u . s . supreme court will hear arguments wednesday on whether louisiana can use capital punishment in child rape cases .
the attractions of the west end and the city to visitors , businesses and international investors will continue .
banks were the main losers on the day
the lights were moving across the sky towards the wind farm . then i saw a low flying object .
from the guatemalan border .
a friend of hers , designer kenneth cole , is still trying to sort it out
officials in seoul have kept a cautious attitude toward the possible provocation by north korea , while staying coolheaded toward the foreign news reports which quoted unnamed officials in washington and tokyo .
in addition , bush and vice president dick cheney will testify in one joint private session before all commission members , with one commission staff member present to take notes .
obama got even less support from clinton backers in north carolina where percent of clinton supporters said they would vote for him over mccain .
it s not my job to talk about my relationship , she said .
the military confirmed the operation after a u . s . web site broke the news blackout .
the exiled tibetan spiritual leader was speaking to reporters during a day visit to britain that also includes a meeting with british prime minister gordon brown .
the orchestra is due to play in pyongyang today , and the concert will be broadcast live on local tv .
as they left court , some victims and families said they felt deprived of justice .
the broadcast will air on abc .
garry lamar , , was arrested friday and released on bail .
advice to obama on battling presidential aging
the products banned by beijing included kimchi , red pepper paste and seasoning for pulgogi , produced by companies .
a team of u . s . experts has begun disabling north korea s nuclear weapons making facilities , a u . s . official said , the first time pyongyang has ever moved to scale back its development of atomic bombs .
with so much food moving around the house and visitors who generously
calls for a move toward universal coverage to reverse a trend over the last years in which disparities in the levels of health care have actually widened .
what if you heard that her marriage dissolved and she became estranged from her children .
the internet today has the same feeling of excitement that virtual reality had three or four years ago .
researchers have largely decoded her dna , a step that may aid the search for treatments for both feline and human diseases .
the company hopes the cheaper overland trip will attract more south korean tourists .
also , extroverts are more likely to form social connections than introverts , he said .
inevitability that these things are rumored and discussed in other teams , he told reporters after a race that saw alonso stripped of pole position and demoted five places on the starting grid .
oakland , california in shock ? after police officers and a shooting suspect were killed yesterday .
french open champion henin heads the women s seedings ahead of russian star maria sharapova .
the biggest wreck began in the early morning near ghantoot , about seven kilometers . miles from dubai .
i notice a lot of times when people go to my shows they want to touch the sculptures .
and you don t see much of it in the fortune .
on wall street the dow is up about points , the nasdaq is down about points .
in october , bear stearns cos .
the decision , reported by the territories official news agencies , came during a meeting between the straits exchange foundation and the association for relations across the taiwan straits . both bodies are semi official organizations that negotiate on behalf of their respective governments .
if the ice cap melted entirely , oceans would rise by feet , flooding new york and london , and drowning island nations like the maldives .
they fell out publicly last year after obasanjo s supporters tried to amend the civilian constitution s term limits and allow the president to run again this year .
we got the bottom line on christmas sales this morning , and the news is not nice .
nerenberg , who is from montreal , got the idea for the film from a publication with the same name as the movie .
it turns out that steve jobs has a soft spot in his heart for pc guys .
hillary remarried in , to june mulgrew , former wife of adventurer colleague and close friend peter mulgrew , who died in a passenger plane crash in the antarctic .
international flavor
police said they had arrested a man , who was allegedly a member of one of japan s leading organized crime groups .
many developing countries do not have technology resources like those in industrial countries .
a dense blanket of pollution , dubbed the asian brown cloud , is hovering over south asia , with scientists warning it could kill millions of people in the region , and pose a global threat .
hansamm is miles from the nearest town .
the talks have been complicated by a split between sag and the smaller american federation of television and radio artists , which has reached its own agreement with the studios .
london , england cnn the uk s prince harry has been serving on the frontline in afghanistan and seen combat , the uk ministry of defense confirmed thursday .
the five month trial started in february with defendants , but prosecutors later dropped all charges against one , moroccan born brahim moussaten , for lack of evidence .
the us study features in the journals science and cell .
he made plain the south korean government is closely monitoring whether a japanese local government would establish a takeshima day on wednesday next week .
london , england cnn princess diana saw her lover , dodi fayed , dying in front of her when she opened her eyes after her car crash in paris , according to evidence presented at an inquest into her death wednesday .
the planes included five that were already out of service for scheduled maintenance checks plus one that was already retired , the company said in a news release wednesday afternoon .
cheney left sunday on a day trip that includes visits to oman , saudi arabia , israel , the palestinian territories and turkey .
afghanistan last year suffered its worst bout of violence since the ouster of the taliban regime in .
because it will take place in thailand , the trial has been dubbed the thai vaccine trial .
many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview .
the residences of both mahmoud abbas , fatah s leader and the palestinian authority president , and of prime minister ismail haniya , of hamas , have been targeted with gun and shell fire .
an indian sports official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to reporters said tuesday that bhutia faxed his decision to the indian olympic association on monday .
mccain spokesman tucker bonds said mccain has supported efforts to close the loophole and noted the bill in question was signed into law by former president clinton .
gunmen abducted abdul samad rohani in southern helmand province saturday , said ahmad nabi jan , an official with helmand police .
police cmdr . patrick burke said officers had followed bell s volvo , but were told to stop because the traffic violation did not pose a threat to officers .
bush has granted pardons and nine commutations , far fewer than presidents clinton and reagan in their two term administrations .
the game on friday into a tribute to antonio puerta , said uefa s william gaillard , special advisor to president michel platini .
benazir bhutto , who was assassinated thursday in rawalpindi , was the first female prime minister of pakistan and of any islamic nation .
the korea herald reports japan s sharp tongued foreign minister once again stirred controversy by rapping south korea and china for aiding north korea .
some scientists theorize that a killer asteroid traveled along the highway when it smacked into earth and wiped out the dinosaurs million years ago .
william and kate s split showed the other side of the coin .
he was taken on february in basra while on assignment for cbs news .
make no mistake , iran is the single biggest beneficiary of a war in iraq that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination said .
in china , worries persist that the economy is overheating .
mission managers will decide after the thruster test whether atlantis needs to spend another day at the outpost .
the federal reserve chairman says the recession is turning out to be more severe than expected
van sant also won the prize for best director .
rob sandler comforted his infant son as he lifted him out of the crib , cooing in his ear while he walked to the living room .
burma s military dictator , gen than shwe , has agreed in principle to meet the detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi , state media has reported .
many of the injured were suffering from broken bones , he told indonesia s metro tv .
he is redrawing an electoral map for democrats .
a british couple who married in a lavish second life wedding ceremony are to divorce after one of them had an alleged affair in the online world .
traditional celebrity lives and dies based on raw numbers how many magazines mention them , how many television shows feature them , how many people talk about them around the water cooler .
the irs estimates that about half of the people who are owed refunds will get more than . diane kepley , washington .
the million in criminal fines were the second largest antitrust sanction by the justice department since .
initially , biofuels were held up as a panacea for countries struggling to cope with the rising cost of oil or those looking to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
hamas , too , showed no signs of backing down .
a camera is expected to follow the flame to the peak , if all goes as planned .
ayumu s mom did even worse than the college students .
the spokesman condemned the missiles of the reckless criminal bush and his lackeys .
tim kaine lamented a series of missed opportunities that allowed cho to remain at large despite serious concerns over his mental health .
people were urged to complete preparations for an extremely dangerous storm .
we see any pullback in the local market today , following the overnight u . s . market plunge , as a good buying opportunity , as the asset inflation story in hong kong remains solid , said ernie hon , a strategist at icea .
once the bus approached an airport toll booth and their attempts at negotiations failed , police shot the man , the xinhua news agency said .
year old bobby jindal also becomes the youngest us governor and the first indian american to head a state .
two american civilians working for the coalition provisional authority and an iraqi interpreter were killed by what police officials said they believe were four men dressed as iraqi police officers .
pyongyang , north korea cnn the focus is music , but politics is the underscore .
following an overnight boost on wall street after the u . s .
kisii , kenya cnn an oil tanker truck rolled down a hill and smashed into four minibuses in rural kenya , killing people and injuring more than , police said friday .
dublin , ireland ap the only salmon farm in northern ireland has lost its entire population of more than , fish , worth million , to a spectacular jellyfish attack , its owners said wednesday .
bagpipes played and children s choirs sang on the warm winter s night as visitors marveled at the creche and twinkling croatian christmas tree that stood tall next to the piazza s obelisk .
the dolphin is a risso s dolphin , a deep water species rarely seen so far inshore , the british divers marine life rescue said .
some people were stranded on parts of the bridge that aren t completely in the water
ciudad victoria , mexico ap prison officials in northern mexico say their inmates are manufacturing furniture bound for texas despite u . s . laws that ban the importation of goods made with prison labor .
tohme suggested halperin s motive was to get attention for his book about jackson .
several tens of thousands of police and other officials have swooped down on internet cafes throughout china in the wake of a fire in an illegal cyber cafe which killed students in beijing .
seven people were killed , hospital and security officials told the associated press .
the third member of the council is the shiite vice president , adel abdul mahdi .
soldiers , husbands and fathers have died , and that is the most tragic result of this catastrophe , prime minister donald tusk said , according to the associated press .
mississippi is the latest state trying to unload some high priced items because of the recession .
musharraf said he expected the scotland yard investigators to help solve all the confusion surrounding the case .
investigators refused to give details about the state of the body or how it was found .
he had been awaiting a lung transplant at cedars sinai medical center in los angeles after being found last month to have a rare form of pulmonary fibrosis .
graphic pictures showing the devastating health effects of smoking began appearing on cigarette packs in britain on wednesday as part of a government initiative to deter people from picking up the habit .
the united states will continue to stand with the people of syria and the region as they seek to exercise their rights peacefully and to build a brighter future , said a statement released by the white house .
i ll take mine broiled with butter .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice called the iranian action provocative and dangerous .
commanders on the ground had asked for several hundred additional troops and more helicopters and airlift , he said .
that could be seen as an insult to the prophet mohammed , the reports said .
nick is currently at the hospital with john and his family , said bollea s mother , linda hogan , in a statement . his sole concern is for the well being of his friend .
burma has defied international pressure following its suppression of pro democracy protests , insisting there is no reason to change course .
boeing spokesman john dern said the aircraft maker had no plans to re enter the business and was leaving such services to others .
the closest near collision in recent decades took place in , when asteroid xl passed within , miles of our planet .
the five men are being held under the internal security act isa , which human rights groups want to abolish .
congress has also shown no interest in reviving the draft during an election year .
however , he said just a few militarist leaders were to blame and that most japanese people were also war victims .
in it , gadahn renounces his citizenship to protest the imprisonment of sheikh omar abdul rahman , a blind egyptian muslim leader serving a life sentence for his role in the attack on the world trade center
despite high oil prices and an ascending won against the dollar , june exports hit a monthly record of . billion , up . percent from a year ago , the commerce ministry said .
city commissioner tim mahoney says nonessential businesses can turn the lights back on
given the financial damage to date , i cannot see how we can avoid a significant rise in layoffs and unemployment .
here there is some cause for optimism .
fernandez seems unlikely to alter kirchner s alliance with latin american leftists , including venezuela s hugo chavez , but she could forge better ties with the next u . s . president
that is the biggest drop in more than years , and it comes from a record fall in gas prices .
the resolution also orders countries to freeze the assets of additional companies and individuals with links to iran s nuclear or ballistic missile programs and require countries to report the travels of those iranians .
the protests began soon after the feb . presidential election , when ter petrosian lost to prime minister serzh sarkisian , the handpicked successor of the outgoing president .
chinese state media on wednesday declared the u . s . must be held responsible for the consequences .
we must make every effort to support those farmers so that in the coming year we do not see even more severe food shortages , ban said .
also soothing jitters about the fallout from the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis , moody s said the impact was limited for asian banks due to smaller exposures .
today wednesday the police sent the letter and the forensic report over to the portuguese police for immediate investigation .
. clean up your sleep
we are witnesses to an exceptional and unique act , torrijos said moments after the explosion .
concrete had been poured into the collapsed section just one day earlier , on tuesday .
animal rescuers rounded up the critters and moved them to habitats outside airport property .
survivors and witnesses said the plane came in to land at high speed before it overshot the runway into a rice field and burst into flames .
earlier in the summer the firm made two large scale recalls that affected . million toys , including certain diego toys .
kent kresa of northrup grumman described the , cuts in his talented work force as being our toughest decisions
new congress , new work on stimulating the economy , starting today .
odinga called off a million man rally planned for a nairobi park on thursday , but not before police clashed with his supporters heading to the event .
south africa has become notorious for its high rate of violent crime .
a powerful earthquake rocked eastern indonesia on thursday , sending residents fleeing from swaying homes and hospitals , authorities and witnesses said .
eric clapton traded a heroin addiction for alcoholism , suffered disastrous love affairs , contemplated suicide while armed with a bottle of vodka , a gram of blow and a shotgun .
in indiana , percent of obama backers said they d vote for clinton , and percent of obama backers in north carolina said vote for her against mccain .
about fans gathered outside the hotel , just opposite berlin s landmark brandenburg gate , and security had to remove some from the lobby .
china is honing credible options and could act with scant warning against what it sees as a u . s . backed rogue province , the pentagon has warned .
more tourism will raise public awareness about antarctica s unique ecosystem but there are also fears about higher traffic to the region .
investors fear losses in the subprime sector may spill over into the broader u . s . economy , asia s top export market , and increasing deterioration in credit markets would hurt chances for more corporate buyouts and dry up funding .
that is roughly comparable to biomass levels found in some antarctic permafrost
president george w . bush on wednesday vetoed a bill expanding a popular children s health care program for the second time , angering democrats who are locked in a fight with the administration over the budget and spending .
in a series of statements to fellow police and french magistrates , which were read to the jury at the high court in london , dorzee told how he struggled to hold back a crowd of hostile paparazzi .
more than two thirds of harvard s entering class receives financial aid , including scholarships and loans .
we would take a giant step backward , said lynch , adding he needs the troops to fight both shiite and sunni militants and to confront significant iranian influence in the region .
it ll take all of us , working together , to lead the way out .
as many as people were herded sunday into a building and burned to death , the red cross said several others were hacked to death by people wielding machetes .
i said , it all depends on what they are going to give us because i m gonna catch a lot of flak if i say i m fighting mike tyson again .
the june trade surplus widened . percent from a year ago to . billion , the country s customs agency said on its web site .
seoul officials yesterday said it may request a delay to the suggested timeframe of withdrawing , of the , troops currently stationed in korea by the end of , which was made public on monday .
she lay on her back with only her head exposed and made eye contact with visitors through an angled mirror .
the move came as several chinese government agencies , including the ministry of public security , launched a month long campaign to clean up the web , according to the state run xinhua news service .
five days after coming home he was dead , killed by a microscopic amoeba .
the year old victim was sentenced last year to lashes for meeting with an unrelated male , a former friend from whom she was retrieving photographs .
in world war ii , he was being held in dresden when allied bombs created a firestorm that killed an estimated , people in the city .
the other three men were believed to be linked to a suicide bomber who blew himself up in a casablanca internet cafe last month , as police tried to arrest him .
he has made the world weep . we are living a nightmare .
why he killed so many people .
a local official told the associated press that people were evacuated from two adjacent structures .
meanwhile police said nine severed heads were found near baquba to the north of baghdad days after a similar discovery there .
the former leader died from heart failure on monday , aged .
party leaders are set to deliver their position to president roh moo hyun as early as possible after he returns from an african tour today .
let me tell you something . when it comes to finishing the fight , rocky and i have a lot in common . i never quit , she said .
speaking on the phone from the rally , union spokesman lesiba seshoka said the protest sent a clear message to mine owners that action needed to be taken .
a thick blanket of haze is threatening to envelope more of southeast asia , already prompting health alerts to be issued caused by the illegal lighting of fires has become an annual problem in asia .
iceland and denmark are the latest countries to declare a deposit guarantee german chancellor angela merkel yesterday said her government would guarantee all private bank savings and cd s .
he was initially arrested in january in pennsylvania , with three other accomplices on charges of killing a former u . s . policeman with the victim s own gun .
it can certainly sound that way .
the petition , which had more than signatures by tuesday morning , urges the california actor turned governor to pardon hilton because she provides beauty and excitement to most of our otherwise mundane lives .
he isn t the only person to have written about a dying man s journey , but his wit and wisdom and choice of words , captured the imagination of his readers .
the bush administration is threatening to cut off its food aid to north korea if the communist country sticks to a plan to force out u . n . food distribution agency monitors by the end of the year .
critics accused howard of coercing the host , the national press club , to ban the use of the worm .
obama later said the remarks were badly phrased but accurate .
but they are pressing pakistan to do more to disrupt pakistan based taliban , who are expected to step up raids into afghanistan in the coming months and to trap taliban and al qaeda leaders suspected of hiding in the border region .
brown , who is pondering britain s future involvement in a four year old war that is hugely unpopular among britons , noted tony blair s acknowledgement that mistakes had been made in the war and said he wanted to learn the lessons .
escape africa , and it s not just because we moviegoing humans met that animated animal , voiced by ben stiller , just three years ago in the original land in africa instead , is how much alex has in common with stiller s tugg speedman in tropic thunder .
bangkok , thailand cnn the world s rush to embrace biofuels is causing a spike in the price of corn and other crops and could worsen water shortages and force poor communities off their land , a u . n . official said wednesday .
the company is also supplying copies of bejeweled to hand out as favors to the wedding guests .
tuck had recently given police the videotape , saying he found it in the desert , sheriff tony de meo said .
on the free trade agreement fta with south korea , vershbow said the clock is ticking in washington with the upcoming presidential election .
meanwhile , melanie scary brown largely disappeared from the public eye until a high profile paternity case involving hollywood star eddie murphy .
security has been high since a court on wednesday found thai rak thai guilty of electoral violations last year .
sharif returned to pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in saudi arabia .
demonstrations in the airport won t be allowed any more .
carrey spoke with cnn s larry king about his life on and off the screen .
in addition to wounding the agents , the explosion killed a turkish woman and wounded a fifth american , three pakistanis , a person from the united kingdom and someone from japan , authorities said .
i don t know who killed him , lugovoi , a former security service agent turned businessman , said at a moscow press conference , according to a translation from russia today television .
officials in olmert s government and the opposition have been demanding harsh military action against the rocket fire .
intel believed all along that there is a need for multiple alternatives to meet the needs of children in poor countries , mulloy said .
but barksdale proved himself to be fairly nimble recently when hackers cracked a security code in netscape s software .
obama holds a slight advantage over mccain , though not a big enough one to constitute a statistical lead .
the money and everything
these talks represent the best opportunity to use diplomacy to address north korea s nuclear programs .
peter judge of the massachusetts emergency management agency says mother nature isn t helping with repairs .
obama campaigned as someone who would strive to bridge the nation s bitter partisan divide .
the caspian sea is an inland sea and it only belongs to the caspian states , therefore only they are entitled to have their ships and military forces here , added iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
ubs operates on the principle that management is accountable to shareholders , said rohner , who was promoted from deputy ceo in july after the departure of former chief executive peter wuffli . these events have led to the management changes announced today .
the man was identified as pablo moreira , , a uruguay banker .
u . s . troops in europe and asia will be brought back to the u . s .
john paul brady , professor emeritus of psychiatry at the university of pennsylvania in philadelphia , found that bethanechol
south african trade unions , meanwhile , have complained that chinese textile imports are devastating domestic industry , forcing the two governments to sign a memorandum of understanding last year aimed at restricting imports .
until we accomplish that , other issues on today s trade agenda must take a back seat , reuters quoted him as saying .
parts of southern california sweltered in triple digit temperatures on monday as a heat wave stretched into the seventh day and contributed to power outages that left thousands with without air conditioning .
there are more extremes in this morning s economic news and they re all on the down side .
north korea says progress was made during a visit this week by a u . s . delegation meant to resolve stalled talks on its nuclear program .
the government plans to make the proceedings as public as possible , said brig gen . thomas hartmann .
washington cnnmoney . com
eight yachts competing in the volvo ocean race round the world event will be kept closely briefed on piracy threats and monitored by warships as they approach the troubled waters of the arabian sea .
the baby sitter had not been located as of late morning and police only knew her nickname , which they didn t disclose , police chief nate harper said . we have a lot of people out there working hard .
mediacorp radio will be fined , singapore dollars u . s . , for contravening a broadcast code in a march radio segment that challenged a group of women to take their bras off from under their clothes in the shortest possible time , the media development authority said in a statement monday .
south korea s foreign minister said negotiations to transfer north korean funds are in their final stages .
defense chiefs of the two koreas failed on thursday to agree on a joint fishing area around their disputed western sea border , as the north insisted on drawing the zone south of the de facto maritime border claimed by seoul .
it is early march , and these bears won t come out of hibernation for another six weeks .
while she recorded the student s name on a clipboard .
we deem the united states war exercise an act of war that annuls the cease fire treaty .
allstate corp . wants to find out , and if the answer is yes , it might offer insurance discounts to people who play the games .
the other four received jail sentences of between four and six years .
but he s an animator , not an actor .
four firefighters and four civilians were hurt in the southeastern part of san diego county , said roxanne provaznik , spokeswoman for the california department of forestry and fire protection .
the two sides reportedly reached a final agreement in the competition or antitrust policy sector to apply for regulations based on global standards .
washington wanted to stay behind the camera for his latest film , but harvey weinstein , whose company put up the money along with oprah winfrey s harpo films , wanted to ensure the movie had the star power of the strikingly handsome , foot leading man and upped the budget to have him in front of camera too .
and it s now going bucks for a pound bag .
about percent of the mature couples had the same chemical reactions when shown photographs of their loved ones as those just starting out .
public health officials recommend that anyone planning to travel to an affected area get the vaccine which is effective for a decade days before arriving .
the taliban confirmed the killing of a sick male hostage .
i m tired of looking at signals and reading tea leaves , he said .
a buildup of water opened a crack in an ice wall along one side of the lake .
the new york times reported thursday that aey shopped stockpiles and ammo dumps in old soviet bloc allies , from albania to kazakhstan . albania was a big customer for chinese armaments in the s and s , the times reported .
tokyo hosts day tournaments honbasho in january , may and september at ryogoku kokugikan stadium .
a study conducted by the minnesota department of transportation found several fatigue problems in the bridge s approach spans and poor fatigue details on the main truss .
with the four month old nuclear crisis on the peninsula showing no signs of abating , north koreans are bracing themselves to face an adversary they believe is worse than hitler s troops .
a police raid on suspected militants in the moroccan city of casablanca has set off gunfights and suicide bombings that have left at least five men dead .
the brother died after four days , but knut survived and was raised by zookeepers .
rafael nadal will miss spain s davis cup final against argentina later this month because of the knee problem that saw him withdraw from the masters cup in shanghai .
authorities were searching for the gunman , described as an african american male aged to , wearing a white t shirt and blue jeans .
the united new democratic party has voted to hold a hearing after kim returns .
indonesia s transport minister has denied reports that the wreckage of a plane carrying people had been found on sulawesi island .
a two state solution that still eludes them .
an improvised explosive device has killed two u . s . soldiers in baghdad .
british reality show celebrity jade goody died in her sleep this morning ?
a survey released wednesday by the cbos institute found that percent of poles oppose the military mission in iraq .
of course , discussions with the document s authors are still ahead .
professionally , baldwin has hit a new level of success with his emmy award winning turn as corporate honcho jack donaghy on rock .
those deposits , which can reach the equivalent of , and sometimes much more for choice apartments , are at the landlord s disposal during the lease term and are refunded to the tenant when the lease expires .
the problem for the democratic party in november may not be crossover votes clinton supporters choosing sen . john mccain in the fall if obama wins the nomination or obama voters doing likewise if clinton gets the nod , cnn polling director keating holland said .
during two days of meetings that mark abe s first u . s . trip as prime minister , bush and abe will look to publicly convey the health of a crucial alliance that has gained importance as rival china accumulates economic and military power .
in one or two days we will announce the coalition , tymoshenko told reporters .
the president and the president elect had a long meeting , described by the president as good , constructive , relaxed and friendly , white house press secretary dana perino said in a statement .
the ship eased onto a mud shoal at the shoreline about miles south of the elizabeth river near norfolk , virginia , while damage was assessed , the company statement said .
the new attacks came as chilling details emerged of saturday s suicide bomb in musayyib , south of baghdad , which killed people and injured .
if a soldier came in and said he needed a haircut but didn t have any money , bo would cut his hair and tell him to pay him when he could .
the two trains one traveling from the north and one from the south each carried invited passengers .
neither side agreed on what caused the fighting in the stronghold of al sadr s mehdi army militia .
oxfam is distributing blankets and coal and launched a program to employ people to clear snow .
obama s vacationing in hawaii and has no plans to speak publicly about the report .
starbucks corp . said tuesday it will close stores in the united states in the next year and cut back the number of new stores it had planned to open .
the official said investigators will look into why real bullets were used .
the battery packs in question were assembled in china , but battery cells were manufactured in japan , kadota said .
are victims of some type of sexual exploitation every year .
indian pitchers are first for america s national pastime
iran has expelled canada s ambassador , canadian foreign minister maxime bernier said monday in a statement .
a series of court rulings have determined that parents are partially responsible for car accidents involving their unattended children .
i didn t even find this a close call , said district judge frank marullo .
until now , he was mostly viewed as a pretty decent player with a prettier fiance , tv actress eva longoria .
the pentagon on monday charged the alleged planner of the september attacks , khalid sheikh mohammed , and five others with murder and conspiracy and asked that they be executed if convicted .
the item was discovered the day queen elizabeth ii visited jamestown recently and excavated on sunday , said mike litterst , a spokesman for the national park service .
wanda stoy has already lost pounds and wants to lose more .
this heinous act of terrorism is against islam and humanity and i condemn it in the strongest possible terms , karzai said . it is the work of the enemies of peace and security in afghanistan .
i don t go because i have a political agenda , he said , adding that his friends don t , either .
abe attended a commemoration ceremony in the capital , tokyo , wednesday but did not visit the yasukuni shrine .
the word is out heart disease isn t a man s issue .
it is also speculated that president roh moo hyun is to talk with president george w . bush sometime this week to declare the signing of the deal .
over the next couple of days , sen . kennedy will undergo further evaluation to determine the cause of the seizure , and a course of treatment will be determined at that time , said dr . larry ronan , kennedy s primary care
hyundai and kia account for more than percent of south korea s automobile exports .
cnn rebecca safran has fooled mother nature .
clara rojas and consuelo gonzalez had been held for several years .
the assessment highlighted the february bombings in baghdad in which two women , who appeared to have down syndrome , attacked two pet markets .
the embassy admitted it now takes longer for applicants to get visas .
the government reports consumer prices flatlined in april , and industrial production dipped by the smallest amount in months .
ekhlaas . org said he had fallen as a martyr .
the company did extensive market research beforehand , then tested it out on the real experts at home .
chung was also accused of causing losses to the group and its affiliates by ordering them to purchase shares of an insolvent subsidiary .
the changing electoral schedule is proving a stiff test for the candidates as their campaigns have to decide which states to focus their energy and their money on .
larry , i would like to reveal it on your show .
the party needs to recognize the january primary votes in both of those states , clinton campaign co chairman harold ickes said wednesday .
at the same time , a nasa employee was en route to florida from russia with the foot long pump and related hardware , which was packed in a diplomatic pouch and carried onto the commercial jetliner as pounds of hand luggage .
charmed employees had been feeding it bread when the man appeared .
the pro government united new democratic party undp , which suffered a humiliating defeat in wednesday s election , will also have a better chance in the april national assembly elections .
lohan left the santa monica jail tuesday morning after posting , bail , padilla said .
he s also promising to amaze everyone in the world with an attack on washington .
the who warned that hand foot mouth disease is a summer illness public health officials expect the number of cases to peak in june or july .
awards at the festival include best documentary , animation , music video , broadcast design and newcomer .
i felt comfortable halfway and then picked it up . for me to be one third of the way to grete waitz is amazing .
the house and senate must now reconcile their two versions of the bill and send the result to bush .
israel also says it welcomes an egyptian french ceasefire proposal , as long as hamas stops militant weapons smuggling and rocket attacks .
ferraro told cnn she sent the letter to clinton wednesday afternoon .
it was a bit of redemption for all the losses , the jokes , the slights .
major gen . qassim atta , a baghdad security plan spokesman , said outlaw groups using various weapons attacked iraqi army checkpoints in the heart of sadr city , a densely populated shiite neighborhood in baghdad .
britain s support for the war in iraq was a major tragedy for the world , former u . s . president jimmy carter said saturday , as he criticized tony blair s unwavering support for president bush .
the explosion happened close to a market and near the military s general headquarters in rawalpindi , said bustan khan , assistant sub inspector of the rawalpindi police . the attack occurred about a . m . monday
tropical storm warnings were in effect for the central and southeastern turks and caicos islands
the ruling was immediately condemned by civil rights and christian groups in malaysia , who said it infringed their right to practice their religion .
macbook air , thin , nano and mini
london , england cnn two teenagers have been arrested over the murder of an year old boy shot dead in liverpool as he played football , police said on thursday .
foreign minister ban ki moon said on monday the south korean troops to be deployed in iraq will not be engaged in any offensive operations even if the security situation in iraq further deteriorates in the future .
the un security council asked both sides to back off , but the ap s mark levy reports that just the opposite might be in the offing
abreau said the usgs had received reports that the earthquake had been felt in the country s capital .
the korea herald reports international sanctions to be imposed on north korea will further cut into the country s moribund trade volume and drag it deeper into recession , quoting a south korean think tank report released yesterday .
sky tg tv showed images of flames from what it said was a bus set on fire near the barracks .
the chairman of the committee closed the hearing by saying we are excited about the prospect of working with you .
the statement said motari received the punishment for his role in the episode which generated international attention .
president barack obama says he s trying to work with republicans , and the senate gop leader this morning is blaming democrats for holding the president back on his financial rescue package .
caisse d epargne rider valverde emerged as one of the serious candidates for overall victory when he ended the stage seconds behind soler in second place and just ahead of australian cadel evans .
however , bush is expected to condition his plans and also further troop cuts on continued progress in iraq .
argentine president cristina fernandez was unswayed , referring to the growers demands as extortion and saying the increases on agricultural products are justified .
in addition , seven suspected insurgents were killed and another detained , officials said .
that material also will be available when google earth users visit the darfur site .
park thinks japan should be criticized for its shameless attempts to distort history , but she considers it inappropriate for the president to get embroiled in the diplomatic disputes , a party official told the korea times .
demonstrators challenging china s policies in those areas tried to grab the olympic torch and snuff out the flame as it passed through london on sunday .
most koreans don t care how it looks , though ancient kings liked kimchi cooks to cut radishes into small , rigid cubes .
jordanian jamil el banna , libyan omar deghayes and algerian abdennour sameur landed at an airport north of london accompanied by a doctor and under escort by counter terrorism police , their lawyers said .
johnson suggested he expects much more than what he is used to getting . if someone offers me that much money , it s theirs , johnson said .
when asked about working with musharraf s government , zardari bhutto s widower said the coalition believes the new prime minister will be able to work with the office of the presidency in harmony .
the clash occurred near the village of musa qala , where a peace deal struck last year with local elders effectively ceded control of the area to taliban fighters .
iran s foreign ministry summoned the uk ambassador in tehran and said the knighthood was a provocative act .
barack obama , a few minutes ago , the democratic presidential nominee , on a video feed from clearwater , florida , to the clinton global initiative in new york .
grand national party presidential frontrunner lee myung bak yesterday denied suspicions surrounding his wealth and financial deals during a party hearing .
less than hours later , the sentences were carried out amid international condemnation .
cars can , however , use less fuel and have already become far more fuel efficient over the last decade , with car makers cutting average emissions by nearly percent .
africa s oldest national park , it was formerly known as albert national park .
it could take as long as ten years to complete the redeployment mission .
in a statement reported by south korean media , the north made its first public acknowledgement on thursday that it had recently test fired missiles .
the fate of the animal is not known .
it was not only a perfect storm as far as its physical impact . . . it was a perfect storm as far as the federal , state and local governments inability .
richie s lawyer , shawn chapman holley , said in court that dr . terence sean mcgee will testify about tests and conclusions by drug experts used by prosecutors .
two boys were killed in a thursday rally held in support of opposition leader and former prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources said .
but for more than years , he s appeared on the screen and behind the camera .
meanwhile little is being said in the english language korean media about the condition of the released hostages or the status of those remaining in captivity amid an apparent government imposed blackout .
yeah , eight babies born within minutes of each other at kaiser permanente medical center in bellflower , california .
a long stick with an offering bag comes equipped with a ting a ling bell to wake those nodding off .
the airlines objected to paying for the cost of carrying out the proposal , an estimated . billion over years .
sports officials now hope clergymen from nations can bring back faith to soccer as they take to the pitch for the first time in a tournament for priests and seminarians kicking off saturday .
it is a whopper , said genefor walker smith , a zoologist who studies invertebrates at the tasmanian museum .
cnn a teenager has been formally charged for the killings of her mother and two young brothers , a crime that has left the family s tiny texas town reeling .
boomerang , the company that produces the program for antena , said the televised meeting was arranged as a surprise at navarro s request so he could try to make up with his girlfriend .
a bbc correspondent says the alliance is coming under increasing strain but that seoul says it is still committed to a strong relationship with the us .
one of the first accident victims was a sheriff s deputy , judd said .
but siddique denied the men were trying to contact the taliban .
in the last several months , tribes that turned a blind eye to what al qaeda was doing in that province are now opposing al qaeda very vigorously .
last may , kim un yong was forced to resign from the international committee after also being convicted of embezzlement .
picoult s five issue run doing the title makes her only the second woman to write the character in its year history .
cui jian , a lifelong beijinger and china s most famous rock star , says he never sends visitors to the great wall or forbidden city .
but the bomb , placed in the building s toilets , caused little damage and there were no serious injuries .
we begin our look back with the question
don t know whether to take a drake or cry .
the british government has insisted that the sailors and marines were in iraqi waters when they were seized on march , and has demanded that the iranian government let them go .
putin said he agreed with president bush that u . s . led coalition forces should only withdraw once the iraqi government was in full control of the country .
baghdad , iraq cnn six u . s . soldiers were killed wednesday in iraq when a bomb exploded in a booby trapped house while they were on patrol north of baghdad , the military announced .
officials in beijing have previously put the death toll at .
eight people have drowned in the floods , the worst in years in the area , which have been declared a natural disaster by the new south wales state government .
hwang and his team announced last week that they had developed a highly efficient method of producing stem cell lines from cloned human embryos .
during a court hearing in april , houston testified that brown was unreliable and that she didn t need spousal or child support .
parcak conducted surveys and expeditions in the eastern nile delta and middle egypt in and that confirmed sites that were initially suggested by satellite images .
prime minister goh kun said the strike was seriously damaging the economy because the pusan port handles percent of all container traffic in and out of south korea , the world s th largest economy .
the woman , who is divorced and has one grown daughter , told people during online chats that her stepfather kept her locked up at home , arousing concern among her internet friends who reported the case to local police , the china daily said .
it was the first acknowledgment by the military government , albeit indirectly , of problems with relief operations in the aftermath of cyclone nargis .
on monday , policymakers and the ruling uri party agreed to revamp the property tax scheme , which would go into effect in july next year , if the national assembly approves the measure .
has re dated the object to th century , it which case it can t be the holy grail . . . except that doesn t date the inner cup , so there s still that debate . even more depressing , they say it s a lamp not a chalice .
the pilots of an indonesian passenger jet were arguing about the plane s speed moments before it crashed last month , a senior investigator has said .
police arrested a senior taliban commander who escaped twice from prisons in afghanistan , nabbing him during a clash in the country s south that left three insurgents dead , an official said tuesday .
cnn rafael nadal became the second man to win four successive french open titles on sunday after crushing world no . roger federer in straight sets in the final in paris .
despite the removal , internet users kept searching for yahoo footage on other portal sites monday .
the pair were kidnapped from a house en route to the village .
jane mccann , director of smart clothes and wearable technology at the university of wales , says the clothing and electronics industries are collaborating in an unprecedented way what she describes as a new industrial revolution .
hundreds of migrants seeking a better life in europe die each year while attempting to reach spain by sailing in simple wooden fishing boats from west africa to spain s canary islands , just off morocco s coast .
everyone else on earth is in the movie theater , said paul dergarabedian , president of box office tracker media by numbers .
after the vote thursday night , ward stood and walked toward the council .
kim is now living with kim ok , who is virtually north korea s first lady , an official told yonhap .
that it make its nuclear program more transparent .
martin , , was previously married to actress victoria tennant , whom he divorced in after about years together , nierob said .
the announcement came as nations finalize reports to the un on imposing sanctions against north korea .
south korea has been increasing its investments to embark on its own space exploration projects in the coming decades the astronaut program was the first of these .
at age , weighing just pounds at feet tall , her daughter became so sick and malnourished she ended up in the hospital .
the rockefeller center tradition was started in , when construction workers building the first part of the office building complex erected a foot balsam fir amid the site s mud and rubble .
after pennsylvania , indiana and north carolina hold votes in two weeks as the primary season rolls on toward its end in june .
the auction wednesday also featured other diamonds , colored stones and gems from the world s leading jewelers .
a charge of driving without a license was not dismissed and a pretrial hearing was scheduled for november .
the same is true for managers . questions about the broader organization s goals and priorities , your role in achieving those and asking for feedback tell your boss you are focused on a career with the organization , not just a job .
ba asyir , who was convicted over the bali bombings , was released from a jakarta prison on wednesday after serving months .
fifteen people have been killed and more than wounded by a suicide bomb at a lawyers rally in pakistan .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
lee , the th man to be south korea s president and the first to come from a business background , overwhelmingly won december s election on a promise to make the economy his top priority .
the police said four other sunni tribal sheikhs were killed and three were wounded in the attack .
sen . barack obama won more states tuesday , but sen . hillary clinton won states with higher delegate counts .
the official xinhua news agency also reported yang s conviction .
tribune media services throughout europe on medieval ramparts , in churches , produce markets , alpine farmsteads and riviera villages the local culture thrives while tourists sleep .
the and year old boys killed in the sunday evening wreck were both sons of african immigrants , police said .
but does gamba have the right pedigree to really have a chance in this match ?
as the first step to achieving this goal , i suggest inviting non members of the asia pacific region to the apec finance ministers meeting as special guests , he said .
a u . s . official confirmed that the spy satellite is designated by the military as us .
leftist chavez is seeking approval in the referendum for a raft of constitutional changes to increase presidential powers , advance his self styled revolution and consolidate a socialist state for the opec nation .
the marine s car was found monday at jacksonville s bus station , brown told the daily news , and her cell phone had been found at camp lejeune s front gate on december .
the rail authority , government and unions all condemned the acts .
space adventures will also host the first private space flight to the international space station in , said spokeswoman stacey tearne .
the senate vote came only an hour after george w bush made his third vow in less than a week to veto such a law .
u . s . military officials said the incident occurred early sunday morning in the strait of hormuz , a narrow shipping channel leading in and out of the persian gulf .
the year old actress died in a manhattan hospital from a head injury suffered while skiing in canada .
the ak party will also propose the president is in future elected by voters and not by lawmakers , a party deputy said .
they said it also would include measures that will lay a foundation for a stronger economy in the future
to that end , it has set up special economic zones , where companies get tax breaks to set up business and factories .
he said the planes only refueled at the u . s . facility on the island , and the detainees never left the plane .
delegates at the six party north korea talks have reached a tentative deal , the us nuclear negotiator has said .
last year , india rebuffed one laptop per child , the massachusetts institute of technology spinoff that created rugged little computers for kids in the developing world .
then again , barcelona may the best backdrop . especially this year .
we need to expand that window and let it lead to a permanent cease fire .
the third anniversary of attacks will be held in new york .
she was initially released after three days for medical reasons but a judge intervened and she was sent back to jail after one just one night out .
households manage land owned by villages and townships .
the suspect had previously served an month sentence in france for mistreating his daughter , a minor , according to the police statement .
ambassador to japan thomas foley .
hermans said that gebreselassie planned to run in the , meters in beijing but would first have to qualify for the ethiopian team , which will be selected after the may meeting in hengelo .
hu s visit during which he will hold talks with president bush and us government officials will turn the spotlight on sino us trade relations , one of the main areas of dispute between the two powers . chinese president hu jintao has arrived in the us for the start of a state visit which will focus on trade relations between the two countries .
the team worked well , i have tried to limit the damage but it was a terrible day , added the kazakh , who sustained knee injuries in a crash last thursday .
despite postmenopausal women being at a similar risk to men for developing cardiovascular disease , to date they are under represented in clinical trials , said professor aedin cassidy , professor of diet and health at uea , who is heading the research .
many others , however , don t feel they have benefited from the economic boom .
he says that in the downtown area alone , there are places to dine , ranging from the elegant french room commerce st . in the grand adolphus hotel to family friendly pizza joint campisi s elm st . , suite . .
the department for environment , food and rural affairs said tests had revealed avian influenza in turkeys on the premises near diss on the border of norfolk and suffolk .
han , who served as minister of gender equality under the kim dae jung administration and environment minister during the incumbent government , is scheduled to receive a letter of appointment from president roh at the presidential office on thursday .
senate overwhelmingly approved a sept .
the chairman said he has nothing to do with the case .
authorities said the van driver , who also received minor injuries , was at fault .
in britain , conservative lawmaker patrick mercer said gates reported comments were bloody outrageous .
earlier this week , oil prices broke the previous inflation adjusted price record of us . , set in during the iran hostage crisis .
it features the three suite inn , which sits next to the four columned ruins of the jefferson designed plantation manor of former virginia governor james barbour and overlooks wooded , rolling hills .
ray s younger brother , jerry , shared his story of how he stayed in touch with james during the prison escapee s year on the run and was at his bedside when ray died almost years after his guilty plea in king s death .
katzmarzyk s team from the icmp
if the estimate holds when final numbers are released monday , would break the record for best march debut ever , topping the million haul for ice age
after the news conference , he again revised his answer , saying six workers had died at all venues over the last five years . he did not say where the other four deaths had taken place .
in both instances , stiller excels at exploring the sillier aspects of self involvement , and it s pleasant indeed to see alex reunited with motormouthed marty the zebra chris rock , pessimistic melman the giraffe david schwimmer , and big and beautiful gloria the hippo jada pinkett smith .
and the guidelines are also looser for ethnic minorities with small population .
there s nothing cultural happening here now , zero .
half a decade after the financial blowout , which her husband and departing president nestor kirchner has called an economic hell , fernandez embarked on a four year term , challenged with prolonging a recovery that has seen annual growth rates above percent .
on the big day , smiles were few and far between .
the head of the fdic says the agency is standing behind the citigroup agreement .
but i m convinced at least a few digital snapshots in our case with lots of goofy faces are the best souvenirs to bring home .
or bionic woman , also nbc , an update of the s show about an accident victim with a rebuilt chassis .
it also accused roh of failing to keep a neutral stance .
month since august last year . british airways rose . percent after the airline reported strong figures for its premium class seats in june .
as they stare up at george bell
the committee has subpoenaed goodling to testify thursday .
olmert also said that tough economic sanctions , instead of military action , can deter iran from building nuclear weapons .
this week s summit of nato leaders in romania has also exposed divisions within the military alliance over u . s . plans to locate missile defense bases in eastern europe as well as disagreement over the cases for membership of former soviet republics of ukraine and georgia .
bush said he believed a settlement could still be reached with palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , and condemned the militant group hamas .
david beckham made his much anticipated ac milan debut in dubai on tuesday when the serie a giants beat hamburg in a penalty shoot out following a draw .
margaret died on february , , and the queen mother on march the same year .
another , were wounded in the major quake , the xinhua news agency said .
china s economy , the world s second largest , is not as big as was thought , a report by the world bank has revealed .
youtube is a subsidiary of google inc .
strange , because his mother died in .
vilks , a self described atheist , points out he s an equal opportunity offender who in the past sketched a depiction of jesus as a pedophile .
asked if the united states would aid in the investigation , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said he had no information on whether pakistan had requested u . s . assistance .
without elaborating further , education minister kim jin pyo said more evaluation is needed and reemphasized that the government repeatedly warned that carrying cellular phones into exam halls would be equal to cheating .
sezer , a staunch secularist , had acted as a brake on the government by vetoing numerous bills and blocking the appointment of hundreds of officials .
whitmore said that after extensive consultation with medical personnel it was decided to offer hilton reassignment to home confinement , which she and her attorneys accepted .
ramos horta was shot twice in the back , and one of the bullets tore through his abdomen , foreign minister zacarias da costa said .
army has fallen behind its recruiting goals , officials said on thursday , amid the violence of an iraq war that has now claimed more than , american lives .
the vatican said in a statement that the tracheotomy was a success , but the minute operation raised the prospect that the roman catholic church s great communicator might not be able to speak again for months , if at all .
stone has said she was deeply sorry for causing anguish and anger among chinese people , and she offered to take part in quake relief efforts .
she was able to afford the rent only after a friend paid the pound , that she needed , the newspaper quoted her as telling a student reporter at edinburgh university .
venezuelan law bars state security forces from entering the campus , but luis acuna , the minister of higher education , said they could be called in if the university requests them .
a former texas sheriff and several jailers have been indicted in a drug and sex case .
her ankles were tied together with string and her hands were bound by a strip of cloth .
army failed to achieve its recruiting goal .
that word coming from an israeli medical crew .
he left office in amid mass protests over corruption and human rights abuses but did not stand trial on health grounds .
gao , the investigative arm of the us congress , said at least . bn of this money was used to buy and deliver weapons and other equipment .
guests can golf , bike , play croquet , and take sailing lessons at the resort s premier sailing school .
we are already in heavenly places , follower martita roca told cnn after having tattooed onto her ankle .
they include diplomatic or official passport holders and their dependents , children younger than and adults aged or older .
mine that bird squeezed through a tiny hole along the rail to go from the back to the front .
al sadr has called for a mass demonstration in baghdad on wednesday against the u . s . presence in iraq .
a black clad man armed with a rifle opened fire on worshippers at a colorado springs , colorado , megachurch sunday afternoon , wounding several people , church and hospital officials reported .
bonsall appeared in three seasons of family ties , the nbc sitcom that helped launch michael j . fox s career in the s .
the big east , villa nova , is in the ncaa final four , the east regional crown following a dramatic win over conference foe pittsburgh .
there is a degree of satisfaction that libya had to comply , and unfortunately , the only form of restitution the world understands is money .
the storms killed nine people in georgia , seven in alabama and one in missouri .
meantime , the saudi government denies claims from militants that they had saudi police assistance when they abducted american paul johnson .
authorities still looking for a man they say drove across the country from california to confront his estranged wife , then shot and killed her at a church in new jersey .
state authorities identified the only other known survivor as salvadoran walter alan , .
i really wanted to stay inside the house as is our country s tradition , but dictatorship and cruelty forced me to fight against that
the israel defense forces confirmed the airstrike was carried out on a group of militants who had just launched a missile toward israel .
shimon peres has declared his country ready to make peace , but israel s new prime minister does not favor the palestinian state that s part of obama s peace plan . defense secretary robert gates is in the middle east , trying to reassure allies about america s efforts to improve relations with iran .
the tilting mechanism stopped working in early december , exasperating a power problem that arose three months earlier when a solar wing rotating joint jammed up and had to be shut down .
the law permits only passive euthanasia removing feeding and hydration tubes when a person is in a coma , or inducing a coma and then removing the tubes .
the ministry said november exports climbed to . billion , marking a year on year increase of . percent .
now , that foresight is beginning to pay off with the banteng , a white stockinged animal hunted for its slender , curved horns .
abandoned at birth , along with a twin brother who only survived a couple of days , knut first attracted attention when berlin s media picked up the story of his main caregiver camping out at the zoo to give the cub his bottle every two hours .
caldwell said there was a tremendous amount of agreement between pace s remarks and what other military officials are saying .
but is that really possible ?
lee seeks corporate tax cuts with a priority on growth but chung is looking to the efficient use of tax with equal balance placed on growth and redistribution , following in the footsteps of the current roh moo hyun administration s policies .
from what we have determined , we can confirm that the machine failed , maia told reporters in brasilia .
earlier thursday , president bush sounded as if he was resigned to the fact that wolfowitz s tenure was coming to an end .
at the same time , he improved relations with north korea and became only the second south korean president to meet with his counterpart in the north .
feng shuyong , vice director of the chinese athletics administrative centre , told the china daily
in recent weeks , at least two people have been killed and dozens wounded in and around the israeli town of sderot .
four united nations peacekeepers have been killed in an israeli air strike on an observation post in southern lebanon , the un has said .
the korea times reports the gnp chairwoman was attacked around p . m . as she walked onto a makeshift podium at a street campaign rally to make a speech in support of her party s candidate , oh se hoon , for the seoul mayoralty in the may local elections .
he said the u . n . and other international groups had dispatched teams to help the survivors .
nineteen other hostages women and five men are still being held .
water main break near washington , d . c .
while intoxicated , dupre was persuaded to expose her breasts and then told to sign a release form , according to a statement from her legal counsel , richard c . wolfe .
jones likened the feeling to someone very big and angry jumping on the ceiling below you , rather than the floor .
the main preventable cause of melanoma is excessive sun exposure .
for both candidates , a great deal is at stake . this is the first time in three weeks that the two remaining major democratic white house hopefuls have debated .
the house passed a nonbinding resolution friday that rejected the president s , troop buildup in iraq .
us vice president dick cheney is also due to visit the region next week .
he says the feds should look into whether any crimes have been committed now
bae s remains were to be donated to a hospital in anyang , gyeonggi province , for medical study in accordance with his will , his brother said .
china blocked the establishment of an investigation by the world trade organization into its restrictions on the sale of american movies , music and books that the united states requested monday .
hersh told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that congress has authorized up to million to fund the secret campaign , which involves u . s . special operations troops and iranian dissidents .
at the moment of the kiss , there s a very complicated exchange of information . . . that may tap into underlying evolved mechanisms cluing us in on whether we re genetically compatible , explains gordon gallup , co author of the study and professor of psychology at the state university of new york at albany .
the campaign goes on , the former senator from north carolina said at a news conference , contradicting earlier media reports .
it was about , meters yards away and jumped out of the water several times .
they have options for the games against israel and russia in september .
presidential spokesman ignacio bunye said arroyo believed that the majority of soldiers were not involved .
the gorilla sector of the park lies in a strategically crucial area near the border of uganda and rwanda .
as the sole woman bodyguard at alex , teryokhina admits that she has worked only for foreign businessmen , who don t think the idea of female bodyguards is odd , or for the spouses of local businessmen .
about , robots work in demolition , servicing or dismantling nuclear , chemical , waste or other hazardous complexes , the report said .
verlinden spearheaded the art hotel trend and hired artist aldert mantje to select colleagues to decorate rooms and install temporary exhibits .
bob barker returned to the price is right , and this time he was the showcase .
the world wildlife fund warns that if all of the oil leaked , it would be one of the largest oil spills ever more than twice the size of the exxon valdez spill in alaska s prince william sound .
south korean bioengineer yi so yeon , , and cosmonauts oleg kononenko and sergei volkov will spend two days in the cramped capsule before docking at the orbiting station .
the year old man fainted at a cyber cafe in the city of guangzhou saturday afternoon after he had been playing games online for three days , the beijing news reported .
precious time is being squandered here , and we do not have time to spare , the spokesman , sonny olsen . he was flanked by dozens of relatives sunday .
on weekends , when khreshchatyk is closed to traffic , it is especially pleasant to walk and gives you a chance to mix with the local crowd glamorous young women walking hand in hand with their lucky suitors , teenagers dancing to hip hop music and retirees taking their giggly grandchildren for a stroll .
with more education and more affluence , it s very natural for a population to drink more wine .
this is the strongest evidence yet for the existence of dark matter , astronomer myungkook james jee of johns hopkins university in baltimore told reporters .
daniel craig and the pain of being james bond
two protesters are being held hostage after they boarded a japanese whaling vessel in the antarctic .
the same creator who names the stars also knows the names of the seven souls we mourn today , bush said . the crew of the shuttle columbia did not return safely to earth but we can pray they are safely home .
heartland golf park , for example , has to close for a few hours to replace divots and water the greens .
already , many companies are developing devices to provide cars with entertainment , internet capability , satellite navigation , satellite radio , and futuristic safety features so that they look like something straight out of a james bond movie .
which is what makes henry as staffers at blackpool sea life centre in northwest england have dubbed their find so unique .
south korea s disgraced cloning pioneer hwang woo suk has apologized to the nation , in his first public appearance since his work was denounced as fake .
aig chairman hank greenberg , on a visit to seoul last week , said
my message to my people , the people back home , is please forgo violence , hatred , with weapons , with machete , with arson , he said . we only destroy each other , destroy the country .
the home side went ahead early in the second half when berbatov flicked the ball onto aaron lennon in the center circle .
the united states has sacrificed more than , brave young men and women and billion , only to find ourselves mired in the middle of a sectarian civil war , he said .
within seconds , a dial showed the reactor s output dropping to zero .
in fact , more calcium meant they were again more likely to have a boy .
yongsan garrison , currently in the heart of the capital , to the osan pyongtaek area just south of seoul by .
there was no doubt they would push it through before the elections because it s designed to garner votes , said economic commentator eric bloch .
federer now has a tally of grand slam titles , three short of the all time record held by pete sampras , who won wimbledon seven times .
that means finding water .
beijing s olympic committee allows tickets to be transferred between users , but not for profit .
secretary general ban ki moon on thursday arrived in myanmar , where he planned to push the country s ruling military junta to accept an outpouring of international aid for millions of cyclone victims .
japan has been hunting whales in the antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as , this winter .
new york cnn a former cia agent who participated in interrogations of terror suspects said tuesday that the controversial interrogation technique of waterboarding has saved lives , but he considers the method torture and now opposes its use .
air pollution , water resources , deforestation and land degradation , rising energy demands , the processing and elimination of toxic waste , and dumping .
the couple , who have a four year old daughter , beatrice milly , arrived in separate vehicles at the back of the royal courts of justice in central london .
police called on the community to help find the killer .
the unification ministry echoed those expressions of regret , questioning pyongyang s sincerity .
he broke again in the last game of the set to underline just how much the balance had shifted and when nadal let a tired forehand slip wide on break point in game two of the third the writing was on the wall .
they wanted one great invasion battle , where their kamikazes , their troops , even their civilians , could inflict massive casualties on our assault forces and force us into negotiations .
the north agreed last week to return to the international disarmament negotiations which also include china , russia , the united states and south korea in the first easing of tension after its oct .
the fbi is gearing up to create a massive computer database of people s physical characteristics , all part of an effort the bureau says to better identify criminals and terrorists .
the cable would extend into the sky , eventually reaching a satellite docking station orbiting in space .
a statement from the main buddhist organization leading the demonstrations said five monks have been killed , aye chan naing , chief editor of the democratic voice of burma , told cnn from his office in oslo , norway .
the shooting victims range in age from to , police said .
nah , they re just reading .
the tamil tiger rebel group has claimed responsibility for the saturday bombing of two fuel installations that prompted heavy security , a two hour blackout in sri lanka s capital , colombo , and disrupted activity at its airport .
we ve had some guys who have played a bunch of days in a row and we re facing a left hander , so we ll get some of our right handers out there .
yahoo s board wanted per share a price that the company s stock has not reached in more than two years .
the vwp allows visitors from countries to stay in the united states for up to days without visas .
seoul , south korea ap yoo si min , a newly elected reformist lawmaker , tried something no south korean has ever tried
south korean officials are believed to be worried that intercepting a north korean ship could trigger an armed clash , which is of particular concern since the two countries remain technically at war .
it s a chance to take a break from the problems facing japan , said haruto maeda , who took the day off work to see tama .
problems identified so far are related to the complex s physical plant , including electrical systems , and do not pose a security risk , said the official , who was not authorized to speak
frankfurt , germany cnn luxury automakers bmw , audi and mercedes reported healthy sales increases for august on friday , with demand from asia and the u . s . driving the gains .
the parents , gerry and kate mccann , have said they won t return to britain without their daughter .
another day , another new prediction . another week , another warning .
in the distance is the bent little matterhorn called cervin in french .
people forget that microsoft took a huge bet to think that an independent operating system and programming language would be successful .
no longer the domain of young , wealthy white men , the internet has also attracted more minority shoppers , the study said .
a statement posted on islammemo , a web site devoted to conservative islamic comment , said president hosni mubarak made christmas a holiday because of u . s . pressure to prove egypt was democratic and respected minorities rights .
that has burned more than , acres crept toward the largely abandoned town of show low and charred more than homes in its path .
the former south korean foreign minister is the organization s eighth leader and succeeds kofi annan , who was at the helm for years .
precisely how many of yahoo s roughly , employees will lose their jobs hasn t been determined , the newspapers said .
the . magnitude quake struck just before midnight , destroying buildings on the sumatra island of nias .
the west s moves to isolate the new hamas led palestinian government prove it is at war with islam , a tape attributed to osama bin laden declares .
they compared the number of hospitalizations for heart attacks months before the policy went into effect and three years after implementation .
reason , and i mean there s no reason to arrest this kid six times , imus said .
men also were more likely to say they wanted to have sex with a woman and that they would be willing to spend more on a date if she were in red , according to the report in the journal of personality and social psychology .
we are fascinated by them , sundance s john cooper told cnn .
people who have lived together for generations have , after the fraudulent election , turned on each other , lone said .
tapestries .
you need to maintain bone strength for good posture , says lesley fein , m . d . , director of the women s health program at the princeton longevity center in new jersey .
christopher hill and pak ui chun were expected to discuss a timetable for north korea s presentation of a full list of its nuclear facilities .
the fbi and secret service refused comment on the incidents .
cnn israel early monday began releasing hundreds of palestinian prisoners who are aligned with palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , as part of a goodwill gesture .
she s talking about abusive home loans .
such divisions will determine the buses transportation fares as well .
milan joined shakhtar on six points from three outings after inflicting the ukrainian side s first defeat .
autos make up about percent of total exports in south korea , the world s th largest economy .
thousands of australians were evacuated from their homes on sunday as floodwaters headed down the country s wine rich hunter valley , leaving towns cut off and farms isolated like islands .
and you ve probably never read about it in a business magazine .
in a separate development on monday , pro tibet activists briefly disrupted a flame lighting ceremony in greece for the olympic games in beijing this summer .
the knowledgeable western official said al libi was not far below the importance of the top two al qaeda leaders osama bin laden and ayman al zawahiri .
sixty years after polaroid introduced its first instant camera , the company s iconic film is disappearing from stores .
he would win the urban areas and the upscale voters . she would win the rural areas that we lost when president reagan was president , he said while campaigning in pass christian , mississippi .
the organizers of hong kong s people s march for universal suffrage was revving up the crowd that was amassing in victoria park with rally chants and songs , including a cantonese version of do you hear the people sing from les miserables .
smaller sums would go to other urban and rural areas .
a video posted on the newspaper s web site showed a man identified as mosley arriving at an apartment and then engaging in various sex acts with several women , at least one in a prisoner s uniform , while also speaking german .
the survey covering countries and territories , ranked them according to perceived levels of corruption among public officials and politicians .
meantime , barack obama had trouble closing the deal with primary voters .
the publisher billed the book as a complete , candid accounting of her years in the white house .
orlando , florida cnn backstreet boy howie dorough is single no more .
the joong ang ilbo reports pyeongchang finished a close second to vancouver last year in a bid to host the winter games .
reeves , who stars in the upcoming remake of the day the earth stood still , testified early on .
and the revival is almost matched by a drop in his disapproval rating .
the schedule released on wednesday has events
the korea herald reports seoul city made its demand in a written opinion sent saturday to the constitutional court urging it to rule against roh s plan to move the nation s administrative capital from seoul .
border crossings in northern kosovo , staffed by u . n . and kosovo s multiethnic police and customs service , were set on fire by kosovo serbs as a symbol of their desire to rejoin serbia .
hawaiian electric spokeswoman jan loose says the company has been slowly getting neighborhoods back online
but traffic jams still occurred , inconveniencing many people .
the so called my party worm , which is not considered destructive , microsoft windows address book and outlook express database .
killed in nepal tourist plane crash
scientists familiar with the work said scientific questions remain and that it s still important to pursue the cloning strategy , but that the new work is a major coup .
the ministry of information and communication on sunday said the targets of the monthly surveillance plan would be cyber cafes , and peer to peer p p file sharing sites .
european , asian and u . s . markets closed higher with the new york dow jones scoring a record point gain for a single day of .
in bangkok , thailand , students told cnn the chinese embassy there provided their transportation and gave them shirts to wear .
what does lego capture that other media do not ?
the korea herald reports the special bill on administration relocation was passed after being delayed until late into the night due to vehement opposition from some grand national party lawmakers who occupied the legislation and judiciary committee room .
the indigestion being felt on wall street is easing a bit as the fed offer some main locks for investors .
the bva poll also showed the centrist candidate francois bayrou slipping a few points to .
speaking to cnn just moments before his plane departed from medina , saudi arabia , sharif denied reports that he struck a deal with president pervez musharraf s government that would allow him to return to pakistan .
whitman said that while some critics are already making judgments about the success of the troop increase , none of those people are our military commanders on the ground , and that s the best place to tell if the surge is making a difference .
channel one television said the new weapon , nicknamed the dad of all bombs is four times more powerful than the u . s . mother of all bombs .
last month , clinton who has long advocated a tougher approach toward the chinese government declined to call for a u . s . boycott of the olympic games , but called for greater pressure leading up to the summer event in beijing .
the council s president , cardinal renato martino , described abortion as murder .
he was born in in chungjin of northern hamkyung province , at the northeastern part of the korean peninsula , currently a part of north korea .
according to abbas and his fatah allies , the president has the power to dissolve the government and form a temporary cabinet after calling for a state of emergency .
he was released from prison on the st day of his imprisonment .
a superjumbo service on the singapore london route is expected to start in february .
and th threatened to take away all his momentum as he fell back to one under .
the liner will be anchored off the hectare , acres palm jumeirah , the smallest of three islands shaped as palm fronds that government owned developer nakheel is building off dubai s coast .
fta , said tuesday the americans will eventually achieve their goal of obtaining trade terms favorable to the us as soon as possible .
however , the team has learnt that rasmussen lied to them over where and what he was up to during the month of june when he was in fact in italy and not in mexico as he had told them .
on thursday night , china announced that it would end its decade long currency peg against the dollar and allow the chinese yuan to float against a basket of unidentified currencies .
a study published wednesday in the new england journal of medicine estimates that , iraqis died of violent causes between march , when the war began , and june .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon told the council that projected climate changes can not only have serious environmental , social and economic implications but implications for peace and security as well .
he fell in the street , and was taken to a public hospital , where dr kamal yanni kept vigil at his bedside until he regained his strength .
some beautification amid the economic doldrums
denmark would replace its troops with surveillance helicopters and civilian advisers to help iraqi reconstruction efforts , he added .
the taoist wong tai sin temple held a six hour prayer session for world peace and an end to the sars outbreak .
fans of the six year old operating system set to be pulled off store shelves in june have papered the internet with blog posts , cartoons and petitions recently .
london , england cnn david beckham will miss england s two european championship qualifiers in september after suffering a sprained medial collateral ligament in his right knee , which will sideline him for six weeks .
bush was speaking ahead of next week s g summit , where germany is expected to call for cuts in emissions .
foreign workers welcomed the ruing as paving the way for the better protection of labor rights of more than , migrant workers , some of whom face rampant abuse and unfair treatment at their workplace .
palin emphasized her executive credentials as mayor of wasilla , alaska , and governor of alaska , contrasting them with what she said was sen . barack obama s lack of leadership experience .
much of the criticism was directed at the school s arab american founding principal , debbie almontaser .
in a sentencing hearing wednesday morning , u . s . district judge william h . walls sentenced aragoncillo to years in prison for his involvement in a plot to overthrow philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo
one of the detainees at gitmo is being sent to new york for trial .
but ms . suu kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy , the support of the burmese people and the support of the world .
each day in the u . s . , , new dads become depressed , and according to some studies that number is as high as , .
air one , italy s no . carrier , said that only nine flights would be guaranteed .
the arbiters of this election are not demanding the same level of disclosure about sen . obama .
the sources said that daschle negotiated that he will also serve as the white house health czar , or point person , so that he will report directly to the incoming president .
by the s tempers had calmed and the band got together again , putting out a live album in and a new studio set , guilty pleasures , in .
forty nine percent of those questioned in the new survey say mccain would mostly carry out bush s policies , down from percent in the previous poll .
. . . you took a picture of me on a bad day and it would be the same thing .
the state of israel and its citizens are as one at this difficult time , israeli prime minister ariel sharon s office said in a statement .
tomorrow , i stop being president , reagan wrote on jan . , , according to diaries in the custody of nancy reagan and edited by historian douglas brinkley for a book .
morgan said she wishes she could have devoted more time to education in orbit but knew time would be limited because of the station construction mission .
a story of flawed and fallible people , united across the generations by grand and enduring ideals .
the best route to the summit is along the knife edge ridge that begins to rise from near the lake of the moon .
musharraf has survived two assassination attempts .
the borneo clouded leopard is darker than the mainland species and has many distinct spots within its small cloud markings .
there s going to be a recount that the minnesota secretary of state says could run into december , so the associated press is now taking back its call that incumbent norm coleman won his senate race with former comedian al franken .
sunday night s ads showed off several of the gadget s features and ended with the pronouncement that the phone will be available only on the new at t and coming june .
officials later called police to control the line before the sugar was sold .
the first known killing of a hostage in iraq s wave of kidnappings .
it s also where watching live television on your mobile is an everyday habit .
obama adds he does not feel weighed down by having to choose a justice based on what he calls demographics .
the order covers the active duty army , which provides most of the estimated , u . s . troops in iraq .
the san francisco protest comes the same day as a demonstration in paris , france , disrupted the torch relay many times .
secretary of defense donald rumsfeld called him on monday to express gratitude for president roh moo hyun s recent visit to south korean troops deployed in irbil , iraq .
well , it is bound to show up soon at the pump
virtual games are popular in japan , and second life has drawn a fair number of japanese participants .
female voice for me , i want to read the book first , before i want to make a judgment .
at least nine people were killed , and possibly many more , when security forces ended days of mass protests .
stewart said he had seen two norwegians and a filipino woman who had been shot .
musharraf also praised solana for being extremely well informed about the complicated situation in pakistan .
norway , which is not an eu member , generates the most output per working hour , . , a figure inflated by the country s billions of dollars in oil exports and high prices for goods at home .
left at the altar by his day in court
if you re not sure whether you re just having a bad day or are experiencing something worse , here are some signs that you re burning out , according to dewett
twenty eight were hospitalized , the ministry said .
he had a fortune estimated at million , an equally outsize personality and a new appointment to lead a north korean free trade zone .
about clown hopefuls strutted their stuff for the judges hoping to capture their eye .
but i ll tell you what , as a quarterback there s nothing better than a minute drive to win the game .
government officials said it takes time to verify and harmonize the counts .
the bbc reports the initiative is part of an ongoing project to thwart the use of hijacked home computers , or zombies , as launch platforms for hi tech crimes .
yet job seekers have committed these interview gaffes and worse , according to careerbuilder . com s annual survey of the worst interview mistakes .
the psi is a voluntary initiative that was launched in as a way of stopping the spread of weapons of mass destruction by stopping suspicious cargo ships at sea .
even so , finance minister lee hun jai said yesterday , we need to seriously think about our future economic growth engines .
warren levinson with the mccain campaign , new york .
cholla is a mustang quarter horse mix whose paintings have been featured in art exhibits from san francisco to new york and now overseas .
hill said negotiators are running the agreement by their capitals and would reconvene later tuesday .
dresser s projects include working to impregnate domestic felines with cloned endangered wild cats .
during a visit to russia last year , chavez said that his country needs submarines to protect itself against its enemies foremost among them the united states .
suzuki won the ted williams award as the game s most valuable player .
china executed a former drug and food safety chief on tuesday for corruption in an unusually swift sentence which will serve as a warning amid a series of health scandals that have stained the made in china brand .
the wounded sustained gunshot wounds , burns and cuts from a panga , a machete like weapon , the red cross said .
the church declared three days of mourning and said that the archbishop s body will be placed on public display before his burial in a few days .
some retailers are still overcharging foreigners , said a researcher of the board .
the senate victory will also give the democrats key posts on powerful congressional committees , as well as more control over federal spending .
amnesty said the hidden extent of executions in china , where figures are secret , might mean the olympic host was behind the bulk of them worldwide .
for years , until , the australian government took mixed race aboriginal children from their families and put them in dormitories or industrial schools , claiming it was protecting them .
the working group on financial markets includes treasury secretary henry paulson , who was a key player in the decision not to bail out lehman brothers , investment bank that collapsed under the weight of bad loans , and fed chief ben bernanke , with the new york fed taking the lead in talks hoping to avert the collapse of insurance giant aig .
he s chief economist with fact and opinion economics , and bruska says this jobless spike may signal we re approaching a high .
the bill would raise the current limit of days to .
experts say roh s decision came as he worried the unpopular proposal would hurt his approval ratings boosted by a recent free trade agreement with washington .
but so far , the investigation is flat .
seoul hosted them in and in .
i don t think that happened .
when you re done , pick up some impeccably made leather purses from scula del cuoio , a leather school next door .
and the curious case of benjamin button received a nod for just one cast member
the convoys will travel nearly miles .
the correct authority to investigate this and sort
dealing with the issues of sexuality is a part of our mission .
as north korea has accelerated its nuclear drive in recent weeks to bring the regional tension to a peak with its traditional brinkmanship tactics , media outlets have raised speculations about the possibilities of a nuclear test by the north and a military campaign by the u . s . to thwart it .
he voluntarily surrendered thursday at an fbi field office in knoxville , the sources said .
warlords are forcing children in conflicts around the world to become killing machines nothing more than what one child advocate calls cannon fodder .
the university and police are still in the process of releasing the names of those killed in monday s shootings .
the spokeswoman said one of them is a man with a norwegian father and a colombian mother .
a jeep containing gas cylinders was driven into glasgow airport a day after two car bombs were found in london .
the joong ang ilbo reports president roh moo hyun showed a flash of anger at a late night meeting sunday with members of his uri party .
police accused darwin and his wife anne of staging the death to collect his pound , , insurance policy .
students from seoul high schools have toured china recently .
some space experts believe virgin galactic is following the right strategy because the accident was of an industrial nature and not directly related to spaceflight .
and each should do it simply because it is the right thing to do .
at least seven people were killed when an interstate bridge in minneapolis , minnesota , collapsed wednesday evening , in what the governor called a catastrophe of historic proportions .
while the lifeblood of the nation s economy slowed to a trickle , thousands of chavez opponents marched toward the tomb of independence hero simon bolivar in downtown caracas .
the world health organization provided technical assistance for the journal survey , and interviewers were employees of iraq s health ministry .
evolving from the mits altair computer and taking cues from early pcs such as the apple ii , the ibm pc
seward , alaska cnn there are thousands of glaciers in alaska , and seeing some up close will surely be a highlight of any trip you might be planning to the th state this summer .
the un security council has adopted a statement deploring burma s military crackdown on pro democracy protesters .
president gloria macapagal arroyo defiantly rejected criticism monday of her decision to withdraw philippine troops from iraq to save the life of a captive filipino truck driver .
cnn musician ike turner died of a cocaine overdose , the san diego county medical examiner s office said wednesday .
patrick s day , a day to wear green and also a day to give away some green .
increasing the outflow of water is critical for the dam s safety , said zhang ting , head of the sichuan provincial hydro meteorological bureau , the xinhua news agency reported .
afghan authorities say talks with the taliban , who have demanded the release of taliban prisoners , are the best way to resolve the problem .
karbala , iraq cnn a female suicide bomber apparently targeting shiite worshippers killed at least people and wounded at least in karbala on monday , according to an interior ministry official .
in early december , officials found the bodies of at least gharials over three days .
environment secretary hilary benn said that the iah carries out tests on foot and mouth at pirbright , while merial manufactures animal vaccines for the authorities in the uk and abroad .
the first two groups of hostages were handed over to officials of the international committee of the red cross and were then taken to meet south korean government officials in ghazni .
nigeria s ruling party candidate umaru yar adua was declared winner on monday of a presidential poll rejected by the opposition and condemned by observers as a charade .
there wasn t a shooting victim that didn t have less than three bullet wounds in them , said dr . joseph cacioppo of montgomery regional hospital . full story
authorities did not immediately say whether any of the shootings were thought to be related .
obama , mccain discuss need for new era of reform
diplomats and dissidents say the death toll is likely much higher and up to , people were seized .
cape canaveral , florida cnn the space station s two american astronauts went out on a riskier than usual spacewalk wednesday to fix one of two equipment failures that have crippled their power system and threatened to stall construction .
the question is , is the market coming up off a bottom or experiencing what wall street sardonically refers to as a dead cat bounce , a reference to the idea that if you drop a cat on a trampoline , it will go up , once .
defense secretary robert gates said sunday he will make a decision within a matter of days to withdraw u . s . navy ships from the coast of myanmar , because it s becoming pretty clear the regime is not going to let us help .
four militants were involved two were killed and two escaped back to gaza , the idf officer told cnn .
and while the price of spaghetti has doubled in haiti , the cost of miso is packing a hit in japan .
bevan recently wrote a letter to the press enterprise of bloomsburg about media coverage of the central pennsylvania college s annual block party , an event critics have described as rowdy and alcohol fueled .
others are calling on them to fix broken blue emergency lights .
poised to return . he said thaksin will surrender to police when he arrives and seek his release on bail .
they embraced and patted each others backs as they parted company the other astronauts did the same .
republican sen . john mccain has spent just less than million on ads .
the u . s . army estimated the crowd size at closer to , to , participants based on aerial photographs , said military spokesman col . steve boylan .
the korea times reports the isi is an annual measurement that combines variables in four columns to quantify ability of countries to access and absorb information and information technologies .
most people gain a pound or two a year , he said , which can really add up .
new smuggling routes across the red sea have also led to increased numbers of refugees in yemen , according to the unhcr .
the market sidecar mechanism was even activated to halt trading , for the first time this year .
about adult expatriates have been kidnapped in the niger delta since the start of and are still being held by various armed groups .
it was his second win at the stuttgart cup after his triumph and he improved his win loss record
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
google employees will now sift through the ideas , submitted in languages , and choose semifinalists by january .
the fighting erupted as al sadr s political organization launched a nationwide civil disobedience movement to protest recent arrests of its members .
as a candidate , barack obama promoted hybrid cars .
a member team arrived saturday in north korea to make sure the reactor at yongbyon was switched off the first step by the north to scale back its weapons program since the standoff began .
the release of more hostages on wednesday women and two men came a day after seoul said it had reached a deal with the taliban .
already gas stations have been closed for lack of fuel , and supermarkets mostly those in large cities have shortages of produce and dairy goods .
the delullo children were the son and daughter of one of the two survivors , year old elizabeth peterson .
chavez declared tuesday that the referendum cannot fail and that its success will open the path to a new nation .
after that they would start killing the koreans , a spokesman said .
globo tv reported wednesday that police also are looking for four men suspected of involvement in the killing .
that could be more dangerous than disposal at sea .
hd was similarly absent among the award winners at piff .
the americans have been calling for iran to be reported to the security council for a year and a half , now the whole world has turned down america s calls , iran s chief nuclear negotiator hassan rohani told a news conference .
he made it clear that north korea would not become a member of the manila based regional bank in the near future .
u . s . military had a simulation training for nuclear attack on nk .
more delegates are to be awarded to the winner of each congressional district .
president george w . bush is calling yesterday s shoe throwing by an iraqi reporter in baghdad a bizarre moment .
british newspapers reported wednesday that prince harry and a friend were shooting on the royal family s sandringham estate in norfolk last week when witnesses saw two hen harriers being shot .
the korea times reports the pro government uri party withdrew its earlier pledge that its members would quit the assembly seats en masse in protest of the opposition parties impeachment of president roh moo hyun .
france said it would recognize kosovo , and is in the process of confirming that in writing . germany indicated its support would come .
the artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines .
as the voting day draws nearer , the gap might be further narrowed .
hundreds of people are thought to be in detention .
it seemed her wimbledon dream was going to end in pain and tears but two hours later , after rain had interrupted the match for the third time , she came out fighting like a wounded tiger to overwhelm a bemused hantuchova .
the hardest hit provinces were guangxi , guangdong , hunan and jiangxi .
at talks on tuesday , us president george w bush supported olmert s idea to redraw israel s borders unilaterally if peace talks failed .
psychologists have long known that people find it easier to mislead and dissemble in written communication , without the telltale visual clues which help others know when someone is lying .
tensions are high in the southern african country that has never seen a transition of power .
the new bodies were found inside the hull of the wooden ferry mv saurav after it was pulled out of feet . meters of water early friday , said a . s . m . maniruzzaman , a police officer at the scene of the accident .
mohammed walked more than miles out of nasiriyah , through what marines have nicknamed ambush alley , to reach a u . s . military checkpoint .
european commission chief jose manuel barroso said the election was an opportunity to give fresh , immediate and positive impetus to the accession process to the european union through progress in a number of key areas .
brussels , belgium cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice won support from european allies thursday for new u . n . sanctions against iran over its nuclear program .
the biggest splash in paris was made by texas oil billionaire robert bass , a major investor in the aerion supersonic business jet , which is likely to cost million if it ever makes it to market . the jet is designed to fly
according to a may report by the u . s . congress , five countervailing duties and antidumping orders were imposed on korean exports , totaling about . billion .
hundreds of youths , many with their faces covered by scarves and ski masks , dragged metal barricades and trash bins to block off one end of a bridge spanning the tiber near the station .
later this year , all prescription sleeping pills will begin coming with special brochures called medication guides that spell out the risks for patients in easy to understand language .
bypassing legal precedents , prosecutor general chung sang myoung met with journalists yesterday and explained the prosecution s proposal directly to the media .
before their first meeting , they spoke together on the phone and over webcam .
after the decision , opposition leaders could seek legal actions against roh , as they did in during an unsuccessful attempt to impeach him on similar grounds .
they also found the bodies of kiuchi s year old granddaughter , year old wife , year old son and year old daughter in law , he said .
in a laughable decision , us magazine giant time has been ordered to pay m in damages to the former indonesian president suharto .
nuclear experts say that the plant s destroyed central water cooling tower would take a year or longer to rebuild if north korea were to try using the plant again .
but contrary to critics like the new york times
he was detained july at the brisbane , australia , airport while he was waiting to catch a flight out of the country , officials said .
the plane had been flying from siem reap where the famous angkor wat temple complex is located to sihanoukville , a coastal city with access to beaches , said him sarun , cabinet chief for the secretariat of civil aviation .
most russians would not think worse of president vladimir putin if he breached the constitution and ran for a third term in march presidential elections , according to an opinion poll published on wednesday .
saul has no interest in moving to mexico , which he does not know .
and this commitment , if we keep it , is a way to shared accomplishment .
the startling discovery was made last week using a technique known as computerised tomography .
williams , who lost in their first meeting at the french open , now holds a record against her .
musicians katie melua , paul rodgers and india arie joined south african artists at saturday s event , hosted by actor and rapper smith .
there were reports of at least two other deaths .
the militants attempt to hijack the plane was foiled by the flight crew , the official said . wang lequan , chief of the xinjiang regional committee of the communist party of china , said the government was prepared to strike against the three evil forces in the region
chinese authorities have arrested dozens of people and nearly more surrendered to police for their admitted involvement in the deadly violence , xinhua reported .
former germany coach juergen klinsmann , now based in the united states , is another option .
for example , ibuprofen ingested by a dog can cause gastrointestinal damage and kidney dysfunction .
the obamas are scheduled to spend twelve days in hawaii .
when they touched the first number , the other eight turned into white squares .
national hurricane center specialist richard pasch says a strong weather system coming off the continental u . s . is racking the storm .
volunteers helped evacuate thousands of people wednesday from bangladesh s southern coast and the government warned ships to seek shelter as a cyclone roared offshore .
the biggest opening of a bond film ever . slumdog , which opened friday in limited release and goes wide november , may become a sleeper hit .
other characters she develops in her head for years before releasing them on the literary scene .
it doesn t sound like anything that you would connect with the torture and detainment of innocent people .
macau lawmaker antonio ng said the incident had damaged the territory s reputation .
pantech , the country s no . mobile phone manufacturer , monday formally sought a bailout from creditors to overcome its growing cash flow problem .
the key seoul stock index broke past , points for the first time in two months on tuesday on the back of the historic inter korean summit and overnight wall street rally , dealers said .
stop to see how you re doing .
each one is special to play a champion like rafael in the final means even more to me , equaling bjorn as well , federer told the bbc after his triumph .
the couple married at scotland s skibo castle eight years ago .
england international striker wayne rooney opened the scoring with a deft th minute finish , and french star louis saha doubled the lead minutes later .
the full complement of an organism s dna is called its genome .
japanese carmaker suzuki motor corporation has pulled out of next year s fia world rally championship citing a drop in sales due to the global financial crisis .
the ap s steve gramm is in islamabad
it followed s concert , watched by an estimated two billion people .
initial glitches in the baggage handling led to the cancellation of at least flights on thursday .
in milder cases , ev can cause cold like symptoms , diarrhea , and sores on the hands , feet and mouth .
lyme disease , marked by a characteristic rash and joint pain , can cause long term effects if not treated with antibiotics .
like the personal computer kits of the s , much can be learned and perhaps someday much money can be made on the road to usefulness .
four whaling ships , including the lead craft nisshin maru , set off from the southern port of shimonoseki on sunday .
yang also was taken to task when google pulled out of a controversial ad agreement earlier this month that would have boosted yahoo s revenues by hundreds of millions of dollars .
koizumi said japan s presence had been highly appreciated by the iraqi government and its people .
asked what message he will deliver to negroponte , musharraf was vague . we ll talk , he said , but noted that we are not here to satisfy foreign concerns .
the government has long rejected allegations of torture of political prisoners .
also incoming foreign tourists have found that it is more costly to travel to and in the country than other asian nations , which negatively affects the local tourism industry .
ramos horta is recovering from multiple rounds of surgery in an australian hospital , while prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unharmed from an ambush on his motorcade the same day .
the state department of public health which serves as state registrar and oversees vital records said in an announcement that june is the last day the state supreme court can rule on any requests for re hearing .
he will live as a civilian in a summer palace on a forested hilltop outside the capital .
anna nicole s former boyfriend , larry birkhead , testified that daniel was a troubled young man who struggled with drugs and alcohol . but stern said he was surprised at the autopsy report and said he had never seen daniel using drugs .
the energy that the artist put was this circular stone trying to pull itself to become unbroken .
jaguars , an endangered species , have a breeding population in northern mexico .
after a check showed the suv s registration had been suspended , the year old rapper gave officers a variation of her real name and a date of birth that was a year off , authorities said .
smoking regulations are stiffened .
there s a lot of snow , the most snow i ve ever seen .
today it employs around , workers , and while no one expects it to regain its former lofty position , no one expects it to go out of business anytime soon , either .
the astronauts also set up a new camera post outside the station s newest segment and planned to install a debris shield and a computer network cable between the united states and russian sides of the space station during the planned hour spacewalk .
kassouf , a year old marketing manager in baltimore , maryland , was moaning to his beloved that he d gained weight recently .
hillary clinton says she is the best placed candidate for the democrats to beat republican john mccain when it comes to the us presidential elections .
village chief daulat ram said he planned to build a temple to durga in the village .
the unrest spilled onto the streets , where shootings , looting , arson and gang warfare left at least dead and sent , people fleeing their homes .
in addition to seeming as a living , breathing version of the furby , it also appears as though it ought to have had appeared in the movie gremlins .
we will continue to stand up to these gangs in every inch of iraq , he said .
cnn if you re prepared to put in some elbow grease and be the envy of your working stiff friends , consider these cool jobs
also named is alibaba . com inc . , a yahoo partner that runs yahoo china .
in fact , as recently as , only people called the central business district home , according to crawford .
the asem meeting brought together the leaders of asian and european nations , along with the heads of the european commission and asean , a group of southeastern asian nations .
robert erburu of times mirror , cuts called staff reductions one of several operating improvements
maj ryan said conditions for fossett s flight had been optimal , with calm to light winds .
i told him how much i appreciate all that he s done for me and my family .
so why is obama losing support ?
the accused , represented by lawyer park chan jong and three others , claimed prosecutors alternatively tried to persuade or threaten him during questioning .
shortly before the flame arrived in canberra , police arrested a man and a woman who were trying to unfurl a banner on sydney s harbour bridge .
the nasdaq composite and the standard poor s index the retreat accelerated for blue chips after hans blix , the u . n . chief weapons inspector , said he was not satisfied with iraq s dossier on its weapons program .
assisting someone to commit suicide is illegal in the uk , as it is in most other european countries .
in colombia s capital , the protest swelled , with long lines of people shouting freedom !
the fbi s rankings for will not be out until much later in the year , but new orleans population is thought to be , , which would mean a rate of about homicides per , people .
astin prescribed testosterone for benoit , a longtime friend , in the past but has not said what , if any , medications he prescribed when benoit visited his office june , the day authorities believe benoit killed his wife .
the father of the family , frederick dominguez , came running out of the culvert where they had sought shelter when family members heard the sound of the california highway patrol helicopter wednesday afternoon .
the statement was made after three days of meetings between both sides in the port city of georgetown , northern malaysia which began on monday .
at this point , says dr . kevin sherin of the orange county health department who is investigating three deaths this summer in florida , it s progressing very rapidly and then there s a downhill course for them there .
it hits your table like a glass of water does in the states .
he was sent to a nearby hospital and is recovering , police said .
also saturday , u . s . astronaut sunita suni williams set a record for the longest single space flight by any woman .
we convey deep condolences to victims , families and the american people .
scientists came across the new evidence while studying the distribution of dark matter within a galaxy cluster designated as cl .
another reporter got it all on tape and of course showed up on youtube shortly thereafter .
tactical high energy lasers have the capacity to change the face of the battlefield , he added .
we know that there s one more game , one more win left and , you know , we re going to do everything that we can to get it .
harper did not say what the documents were , where they were left or if they were shared with others .
anti american sentiment has peaked in the past , during the first uprising from and during the gulf war , but never before has an anti american boycott succeeded .
in a recent poll , just percent of pakistanis believed the election will be free and fair .
thaksin had called that vote to reaffirm his mandate to rule after months of street protests demanding his resignation for alleged corruption and abuse of power .
kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of catwoman in the television series batman .
meanwhile , ban s office called on the regime to cooperate with a u . n . envoy , ibrahim gambari , due to be urgently dispatched to the troubled southeast asian country .
though the eruption has been continuous , it increased at midnight wednesday , powered by a massive explosion , then returned to its steady discharge of ash , officials said .
there are times when i go to the gym and really try , and there are times when i just don t , the actress , who turns on wednesday , tells w magazine in its may issue .
a six week investigation uncovered a lackadaisical attention to detail in day to day operations at the bases involved in the incident , an air force report said .
meanwhile little is being said in the english language korean media about the condition of the released hostages or the status of those remaining in captivity amid an apparent government imposed blackout .
producers say the driver of the aston martin was taken to a hospital with minor injuries .
to her family and friends , she said , if i ve embarrassed you or hurt you , which i know i have , then i m sorry .
he is also the first in the lee family to face summons since the special prosecutor s team began the investigation into the group last month .
fourteen who were unable to make bail were handcuffed and jailed for several hours .
the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , known by its spanish acronym farc , has operated out of camps in ecuador , according to colombia s government .
it is not uncommon to see a year old gentleman indulging himself in the popular online game lineage ii in a local pc bang internet cafe .
diaz lives minutes from her family and has always spent a great deal of time with them .
offer to pay in cash as an incentive .
repossi said that diana and fayed picked a ring from his dis moi oui tell me yes range by early august and that the jeweler had sent it to italy
about eight years ago , safran expected to find that the length of a male barn swallow s tail feathers determined his level of success attracting mates and breeding .
crawford , texas cnn u . s . president george w . bush and german chancellor angela merkel say they will continue to pursue a diplomatic solution to iran s nuclear program .
but the dna disruption is just a byproduct of the technique , and experts said they believe it can be avoided .
even the normally sparkling blue sea resembled a foamy chocolate milk .
iraqi officials said the strike targeted the convoy , but it was unclear if it was an assassination attempt on pietrzyk .
the senator from illinois and presumptive democratic presidential nominee will visit france , germany , israel , jordan and britain , his campaign says .
a god and mountaineering authorities have asked the government to ban disrespectful stunts on everest , tshering said .
recently , crude has spiked above a barrel . bangladesh has already seen increases in transport , commodity and food prices in recent months .
to make a better life for herself and her family .
obama also finished ahead of sen . hillary clinton in all five of the democratic contests last weekend .
north and south korea , the u . s . , china , russia and japan are members of the so called six party talks , a forum aimed at ridding the korean peninsula of all nuclear weapons and programs .
their mandate in iraq under national assembly legislation ends in three months . the troops left korea on aug .
obama called her soon afterward .
a break in a long flight can help
south korea transferred control of its troops to the united states in .
the al qaeda raids targeted two villages about miles kilometers north of baquba .
taiwan used to worry only about an old fashioned invasion from rival china , with chinese soldiers sailing to storm the beaches and impose communist rule .
after summit talks at no . downing street in london , blair s official residence , the two leaders issued a joint declaration , which contained their commitment to helping each other in the international political arena as well as in economic partnerships .
lopez won this year s award for best solo pop singer , while anthony was named salsa artist of the year .
cnn felix strengthened into a category hurricane sunday afternoon , packing sustained winds of mph , the national hurricane center reported .
the strike would not immediately affect production of movies or prime time tv programs .
to refuse to grant a new license for the most popular and oldest television channel in the country because the government disagrees with the editorial or political views of this channel , which are obviously critical to chavez , is a case of censorship , said jose miguel vivanco , executive director of human rights watch .
dallas mavericks forward dirk nowitzki was named the nba s most valuable player on tuesday , the first european player to win the award .
it s tragic and sad that , you know , any human being would want to murder any other group of human beings .
jason pellegrino an . on the attractiveness scale says the problem with internet dating services is not enough really hot looking people .
the official announcement was made in vientiane , laos , after a meeting between president roh moo hyun and singapore prime minister lee hsien loong .
the decision was unpopular with the japanese public , many of whom said it violated japanese s pacifist constitution .
three senior u . s . marine corps officers have been sanctioned in connection with the killings of civilians in haditha , iraq , but it was determined they didn t commit any crimes , the marine corps said wednesday .
they united behind roh moo hyun and his policies for a more balanced relationship between seoul and washington and conciliation with communist north korea .
the program also included the late new york philharmonic conductor leonard bernstein s overture to candide performed without a conductor , as if it were bernstein himself before the audience , maazel told them .
public information director mary anne jennings of virginia s fairfax county police .
federer will likely have to beat roddick and davydenko to reach the semifinals .
the guardian said , if tolkien s trilogy is to be a stage spectacle , i don t see how it could be better done .
russia s interfax news agency reported on monday that the north had set a deadline by which to shut the main nuclear reactor .
japan came in the second with . percent .
several bridges were reported to have collapsed , cutting off communities .
i love working with steven and george , and it goes without saying that it is an honor to have harrison as my son , he said .
obama , meanwhile , said monday a crackdown is needed on oil companies .
well , it is less than what the industry requested .
the decision to abandon the ailing space station was taken at a meeting of the russian cabinet .
four of the high resolution images were made public at a . m . et tuesday , posted by nasa on its messenger web site .
the isdn access will have maximum speeds of kb and will use its satellite communication antenna infrastructure .
the guy obviously was not expecting such a reaction .
japan s main stock index plunged more than percent in monday morning trade , driven by concerns about the state of the u . s . economy and the dollar s weakness against the yen are driving tokyo stocks down .
the mehdi army , the militia of the anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , is holding to its cease fire .
washington ap the harmful effects of global warming on daily life are already showing up , and within a couple of decades hundreds of millions of people won t have enough water , top scientists will say next month at a meeting in belgium .
taylor , a mississippi farmer is cautiously optimistic that in the long term , family farmers will rebound .
the error prone nadal saw his hopes of launching the year with a title vanish as the russian hit winners from the baseline and executed deft drops .
calling japan a partner and precious neighbor in building peace and prosperity in northeast asia , lee urged tokyo to show a sincere attitude in mending the diplomatic rupture between the two nations that has festered over competing territorial claims , japan s world war ii history and a stirring in japan for constitutional changes that koreans fear could lead to a militaristic revival .
arcelor shareholders have not yet formally approved the merger , though more than percent tendered their shares to mittal s august offer .
recent assessment by u . s . defense secretary robert gates reported in the l . a . times that nato forces lacked the necessary skills , karzai said he was not able to comment , but the fight needed to be more focused in afghanistan and beyond .
beijing ap less than a year ago , yang bin was an orchid selling sensation ranked as china s second richest man .
the patient works for britain s state veterinary service , an agency within that department .
how long have you been looking into this base ?
in a posting on an islamist web site , the group al qaeda islamic maghreb claimed responsibility .
ambassador alexander vershbow dubbed north korea a criminal regime , accusing it of involvement in large scale counterfeiting and drug trafficking .
imagine a bicycle seat connected by mechanical frames to a pair of shoes for an idea of how the new wearable assisted walking gadget from honda works .
quantum of solace easily tops die another day from .
extremely tight security , however , could not stop determined human rights activists in london on sunday .
the democrats ran strongest in bangkok , where the movement to oust thaksin was centered .
the next time he s seen and heard in public will be welcoming barack obama to his new home .
but it appeared to be the last straw for the troubled , five month old bid for the company known as the flying kangaroo , and could spell fresh trauma for the airline including pressure on senior management to quit for backing the deal .
the plane had passengers , brown said , and either five or six crew members on board when it took off at p . m .
the wedding was the third for sarkozy , who has three children .
petraeus elaborated before the national press club on wednesday .
a sixth was charged with aiding and abetting the illegal possession of firearms by three of the others .
stanek said conditions in the mississippi river were treacherous , as the twisted steel and blocks of pavement were pushed around by river currents .
the ad ends with a message reading , on january th , the democratic primary will begin . and you ll see why won t be like .
if we permit our economy to drift and decline , the vulnerable will suffer most .
however , within hours of his arrival , the palestinians reported that israeli forces had killed three people in gaza .
she did not allow herself to be photographed or interviewed until , at the onset of her first book tour .
we have lost a great austrian , vice chancellor wilhelm molterer said .
the driver was bludgeoned to death , according to media reports .
kitt said in a ap interview catwoman was one of her favorite roles .
andriy shevchenko salvaged chelsea a draw in their opening champions league group b clash against outsiders rosenborg at stamford bridge .
anger and frustration rise in her voice as she speaks .
for the first time in franchise history , the cardinals are going to the super bowl .
they deny any involvement in the disappearance , saying they believe madeleine may have been abducted by pedophiles and taken to north africa .
you make sacrifices everyday to meet your mortgage payments and keep up with your bills .
the remaining contenders for the presidency kicked off their final maneuvers for super tuesday , fine tuning their closing messages in appearances on the sunday talk shows and fanning out across the nation for an exhaustive list of last minute campaign stops .
knox , , raffaele sollecito , , and diya patrick lumumba , , have been detained since tuesday as suspects in the sexual assault and killing of meredith kercher , , who was found dead november .
london , england real madrid president ramon calderon wants u . s . bound david beckham to stay with the spanish giants as they contemplate a first primera liga success in four years .
some conservationists think that there are better explanations for the sluggish trade in a handful of canadian animal parts .
republicans insist time is running out before lack of funding begins to affect the troops . full story
for unbeatable sushi , and an unforgettable experience , set your alarm clock for an early morning trip to tsukiji fish market .
shortly after the news conference ended , gordon johndroe , spokesman for the white house national security council , played down the exchange .
in april , when gul s candidacy first came to vote , the military , which had largely stayed out of the public debate , indicated it was willing to become more openly involved .
pirates seized the crew of a luxury french yacht off the coast of somalia on april .
the aftershock was felt in chengdu , one of the largest cities in sichuan province and about miles from
in a letter , the attorneys general asked myspace to provide information on how many registered sex offenders are using the site , and where they live .
vershbow said that the foundation of the seoul washington relationship is becoming stronger .
a guard was killed in the attacks .
six million jews perished in the nazi genocide during world war ii , and about , elderly survivors live in israel .
the two business have about , employees in britain .
even with this recovery , growth in will still be very limited .
zimbabwe s electoral commission has announced the results of more than half of the parliamentary seats , with mugabe s zimbabwe african national union patriotic front holding a slight lead .
the final surge was just completed in the last days , senate minority whip trent lott said sunday .
rivera said he alerted officials , who spread lime over the animals corpses to control the stench .
we are exercising particular vigilance regarding cargo transported by north korean ships , and all ships starting from or heading to north korea , he said .
considering the results , the uri party failed to win the hearts of the people .
at least one of the bombers was a palestinian militant from islamic jihad , according to sources with the group .
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama will debate each other wednesday night for the first time in nearly two months .
liechtenstein is made up of villages .
stocks nosedived wednesday amid ongoing investor worries about the economy and the future of the auto industry , with the dow jones industrial average closing below , for the first time since march .
as a doctor , kamal yanni was able to watch over her father s progress .
meanwhile , u . s . senator john mccain won the new hampshire state primary in the race to become the republican party s presidential candidate .
bush administration officials say they re still looking at different ways of saving the auto industry .
in , there were fewer than million american families that made , or had , this kind of money .
the economy is overwhelmingly the top issue for voters in florida s primary , according to early exit polls .
brazil hailed the ruling , saying us subsidies had hit world prices , hurting farmers in brazil and elsewhere .
the islamic state of iraq a sunni insurgent coalition that includes al qaeda in iraq issued a statement monday saying it is holding the troops and is warning the u . s . military to call off its search .
the baby boy survived with facial injuries .
additionally , the company said in a written statement , for those who contacted us in the week after the giveaway about difficulties requesting the coupon , we continued to offer free coupons to address any problems they may have encountered .
ohmynews last week published a string of articles ranging from roh s trip to washington to discuss the north korean nuclear crisis to some more local matters .
i don t think we should get carried away with what listening to dvorak is going to do in north korea , said ms rice , herself a classical pianist .
air canada also said tuesday it had exercised options and purchase rights for an additional s , bringing its total orders for the aircraft to from .
channel told the bbc the show would feature images taken by french photographers who were at the scene but would not include pictures that identified diana or any other victim .
in the year , an asteroid between one kilometer and mile in length is expected pass even closer than yb .
the junta also said a national referendum to approve a new constitution will be held in may .
this is a tough holiday for rahm emanuel , because he s not used to saying the word day after mother .
harry s elder brother william was awarded his royal air force wings in april after training since january .
halsworth admitted that the first extraction had been excruciatingly painful .
some , germans rallied across the country , police said .
vytautas landsbergis , first president of lithuania after it was declared independent from the soviet union
one blogger on the popular movie database imdb . com said , i had to get up and leave the theater for nearly minutes just to keep from hurling .
older voters in colorado have started to break obama s way , cnn polling director keating holland said . two weeks ago he was losing the over crowd by a couple of points . now he has a point edge among them .
the party s rules and bylaws committee meets this weekend to consider what to do about delegations from florida and michigan , which broke ranks to hold primaries earlier than party rules allowed .
amscan inc . of elmsford , new york , imported the fake teeth .
george w . bush s ascent to the presidency was bigger than fiction , director oliver stone told larry king live monday night , describing his soon to be released biopic , w .
nearly elephants came to a village on friday looking for food .
during warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .
the opposition grand national party protested vehemently , especially since it was less than a year ago that roh denied that the administration was considering a constitutional amendment .
we expect that in the next few weeks we will continue to apply necessary monitoring and verification measures , so all the five facility right now are shut down and we verified that .
on the other side of the great divide , rupert murdoch of news corp .
koreans are expected to spend nearly trillion won . billion on overseas education this year , more than percent of the government s trillion won education budget for next year .
officials believe the fire was started when winds blew down power lines .
last year , sony was hit by hefty costs for the recall of . million laptop pc batteries that could overheat and catch fire .
a chinese deadline for protesters to surrender has passed , but large numbers of police are patrolling the streets of the regional capital , lhasa .
the british thought that because of the suffering here there would be a coup .
officials say indian commandos have killed the last two gunmen inside the oberoi another five star hotel .
attorney debra opri , who represents smith s former boyfriend larry birkhead , said after a closed hearing that she wants the dna to determine if stern is the baby s father .
the official death toll from the quake climbed to , on thursday
it said it would oppose any attempt to detain former president hashemi rafsanjani or other iranian citizens .
there are also doubts whether consumers would buy new vehicles from a bankrupt automaker due to concerns over their resale value and warranty .
the korea times reports annan has said that an asian candidate should replace him .
cross border shelling continued on monday as ap reported sightings of convoys containing dozens of military vehicles headed from the southeast town of sirnak toward the iraqi border .
she said township justice court judge ann zimmerman was reviewing paperwork in simpson s arrest and will determine whether there is probable cause to detain him past wednesday .
million . million transfer to united from bayern munich .
with the six party talks on the north korean nuclear crisis scheduled to resume next week , u . s . and north korean officials have had three diplomatic contacts within a week , u . s .
police said they had been tracking him through the internet since january .
interpol said that despite two years of investigations , it and other police agencies have so far been unable to determine his identity , nationality or whereabouts .
wilson said he found it unlikely to be true , and alleged the bush administration had twisted the evidence for war .
the company in march acquired a legally dissolved company , korea db system .
the new zealand olympic committee denied attempting to prevent athletes from commenting on political issues at the beijing games .
the sense of excitement among israelis , used to warm middle eastern weather , was palpable .
to everyone affected and promise that we will continue to focus on ensuring the safety and quality of our toys , the company said .
at least people have been killed and almost , forced from their homes , officials said .
and , mark , if you dig deeper , there is more to it than that .
nothing could seem further from their glitzy world .
jakarta , indonesia cnn researchers in a remote jungle in indonesia have discovered a giant rat and a tiny possum that are apparently new to science , underscoring the stunning biodiversity of the southeast asian nation , scientists said monday .
on friday conservationists threw stink bombs onto the deck of a whale processing ship after a confrontation at high seas , prompting the japanese government to brand them terrorists .
it s estimated that tenth of israeli s population is now within rocket range .
the indian government , which sponsors , tibetan exiles , had said it would enforce an order that bans the marchers from leaving the dharamshala district , which is home to the tibetan exile government and the
both players will be written to to remind them of their responsibilities .
finally , i would say we ve seen , over the past two summers and now this summer , an attack in england .
the school plans to eventually sit classes and accommodate students in its , pyeong campus .
year old chinese born dongfan greg chung of california , faces charges including eight counts of economic espionage , conspiracy , and making false statements to fbi investigators .
the us assistant secretary of state is the highest profile foreign diplomat to have visited the ageing nuclear complex , north of the capital , which houses north korea s only operational reactor .
danville , california is throwing a party for hometown hero us airways pilot chesley sully sullenberger .
the tibetan government in exile says that people died in and around the himalayan region during clashes that began on march .
he added the withdrawal was part of the ongoing process of handing over to iraqi security forces .
the amnesty plan which began may and will be in effect for days applies to people who were duped and carried weapons against security forces , but whose hands are not covered in blood .
most important , you should try to inject a dose of fun into the whole process , johnston and other admissions professionals urge .
a course that will teach you the basics of word processing and spreadsheets is essential .
above the photos , written in arabic , was the message , bush is the reason for the loss of your prisoners .
people in toronto are soulless , one eyed corporate zombies , joey keithley , of the vancouver punk band d . o . a . , says in the film , let s all hate toronto .
the government dispatched medical teams on rubber rafts into the worst hit districts to prevent outbreaks of disease among residents without clean drinking water .
south korea and the u . s . signed the fta in june last year .
by the mid s more than japanese companies had major programs , according to a report by university of washington s steven collins .
i would like something futuristic if i was going up into space .
with percent of the votes in , putin s united russia party garnered . percent of the vote enough to form a majority in the duma , russia s lower house of parliament , party leader boris gryzlov said at a news conference .
on thursday and again on friday , they pelt all three with seven stones each .
estonia has been gradually attempting to prosecute those who helped in the deportations of more than , estonians , many of them women and children , to siberia during and after world war two .
rescuers extinguished a fire that broke out in the highly toxic substance , which can catch fire spontaneously on contact with air at temperatures higher than degrees . it can cause liver damage if consumed .
winners in the remaining seats contested in wednesday s election were expected to be determined friday under northern ireland s complex system of preferential voting .
i m both delighted and relieved that my appeal to the house of lords has been successful and that i have succeeded in changing a law which will provide others in the future with a means of achieving justice , said mrs . a , in a statement read by her lawyer , sandra baker .
thaksin s spokesman noppadon pattama told a news conference in bangkok he will use his family s money to buy the club . the money is legitimate , there is no concern . . . it is in a place where it can be made available .
nine others are eight filipinos , and one nigerian driver who was released one hour later .
bonds belted his th homer of the season with two out in the first inning off cincinnati starting pitcher aaron harang , sending a no ball , two strike pitch into the centerfield stands to give the san francisco giants a lead .
in much the same way , he has already attracted attention with investment in small and medium size enterprises which indirectly provide employment for hundreds of thousands in a swathe of countries across the continent .
his caution , schneider said , led to his capture . police have charged him with burglary .
freud painted the portrait of tilley over nine months in .
payments from dvds and shows offered on the internet .
the crisis underlines the fragility of the balance between global food supplies and the needs of the world s inhabitants , said the fao s director general , jacques diouf .
the untested missile has an estimated range of up to , km potentially reaching alaska .
nato s secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer moved quickly to defend the allied troops .
simpson has maintained his innocence and called the incident a misunderstanding .
i met him years later , stone said .
interest on mortgage loans worth trillion won is percent related to certificate of deposit rates .
let s go !
however , because of uncertainties in interpreting the age estimates , they could not rule out the possibility that the newly found dna dates to the last interglacial , , to , years ago .
his ground breaking techniques have inspired other chefs throughout the world to experiment .
that s what happened to nicolette schumacher , , a sales account manager in san francisco .
the caller had decided to spill the beans after catching the guy in bed with yet another woman .
haglund , who studies music at the university of cincinnati , grew up in a pageant family .
a woman then spoke up in english and relayed sarkozy s request to be left alone , dewitt said . the woman did not identify herself .
the slides monday come on the back of days of unrelenting financial turmoil and despite u . s . lawmakers agreeing a billion bailout plan late friday .
the korea times reports the nation s top cultural policymaker urged left leaning leaders of cultural organizations appointed under the roh moo hyun administration to step down .
richard shelby , the top republican on the banking committee , tells fox news sunday
just back from his eighth trip to iraq , mccain returned to the campaign trail monday in chula vista , california , with last week s words from osama bin laden in hand .
the embassy staff have helped evacuate about americans in recent days , including yesterday , officials said .
as the presidential race heads in the home stretch , more newspapers are making their choices known .
earlier , a bomb on a bridge in baghdad killed at least eight people and sent several cars into the river tigris .
the women who drank more than three cups of tea a day had a sixty percent lower chance of developing the disease than those who never drank tea .
the afghan and u . s . presidents ruled out making any concessions to the taliban militants during their meetings .
campbell , a frequent visitor to brazil , celebrated carnival earlier this month in the northeastern city of salvador .
sen . barack obama s grandmother , madelyn dunham , has died following a bout with cancer , obama and his sister , maya soetoro ng , said monday .
a few ships were still sailing through the nearby strait of hormuz , the transport route for percent of the world s oil , despite to foot swells and strong winds , according to suresh nair of the gulf agency co . shipping firm .
the sinking economy and the sunday talk shows
in a statement posted on the internet on tuesday , the farc said it would not unilaterally release hostages and would only exchange betancourt and other captives for rebels imprisoned in colombia and the u . s .
the number of iraqis without access to adequate water supplies is percent , up from percent since .
she quit her full time job as a psychotherapist to tend to him .
steele says republicans will show the public time tested principles that will ignite a new generation of reagan conservatives .
the blast occurred outside dargah sharif , a sufi monument in the state s pilgrimage town of ajmer , during iftar , the daily breaking of fast following ramadan .
spain team doctor angel ruiz cotorro said nadal would need three to six weeks to recover from the injury .
the photograph shows obama whose father came from kenya wearing a white turban and a white robe presented to him by elders in the north east of the country .
roh said the south korean troops in afghanistan are in the last phase of their non combat mission to provide medical help and rebuild the country .
despite his commercial success , vonnegut battled depression throughout his life , and in , he attempted suicide with pills and alcohol .
water also crept up around the huge stone heads of an olmec indian archaeological site in tabasco .
most of his paraphernalia was impounded by police last year .
according to numbers from the french interior ministry , sarkozy earned . percent of the votes , while royal won . percent .
the inability of lebanon s parties to settle on a candidate arises from a power struggle between pro western parties and parties like hezbollah that have the support of syria .
the win leaves barca second in la liga , four behind real madrid .
the joong ang ilbo reports media speculation that north korea might provoke a crisis on the peninsula this month and that the united states might retaliate with a surprise surgical strike against the north and its nuclear facilities was dismissed yesterday by christopher hill , the newly appointed u . s . ambassador to south korea .
the nuclear dispute flared in october when washington said north korea admitted running a secret nuclear weapons program in violation of a treaty .
cialella then approached the family from the left side of the aisle and shot the father , who was not identified , as he was standing between cialella and his family , according to the police report .
all we want to do is pay the bills .
police cordoned off the area as people sifted debris looking for survivors .
former new york mayor rudy giuliani dropped out of the race and endorsed mccain hours before the debate began .
pinheiro has a history of prickly relations with the ruling generals .
lee powell , the associated press .
in its april response to a landmine monitor questionnaire , south korea acknowledged for the first time that it has begun production of self destructing antipersonnel mines , the report said .
speaking in johnstown , pennsylvania , obama said he did not discuss leahy s call for clinton to drop out with the vermont senator , who serves as chairman of the senate judiciary committee .
the package was vibrating when the janitor found it , but i think it had sort of died out by the time it was disarmed , strannegard said .
the threat of terrorist attacks pushed the element of risk to levels organizers deemed unacceptable .
anna nicole smith wanted to be buried in the bahamas , next to her son , and bought a burial plot there , according to attorneys for her longtime companion , howard k . stern .
but when rookie david price struck out j . d . drew with the bases loaded to end the eighth inning , tampa bay showed it had plenty of resolve , too .
will the lame duck senate pass s stimulus bill ?
it was a discount of . percent to the previous day s closing of , won .
they need to have a vision that competes with the terrorists and the killers who murder the innocent people to stop the advance of democracy , bush said .
and they countered wednesday s motion by saying they will introduce a confidence motion as early as thursday .
japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for years
russia , australia , sweden and portugal have also been rumored as potential spaceport locations .
it will certainly help them return to profitability but it s not enough to get them to the double digit profit margins they seek , he said , adding they need exciting new products .
under the united nations convention on the law of the sea , countries can claim economic zones extending km miles off their coast .
or at least those of us who voted for the people s choice awards , which celebrates its th ceremony this year .
erdogan s government also blames the pkk for the killings of a dozen civilians near sirnak on september .
he was a good friend to all of us , said a somber boehner . he s going to be missed by us all .
until then , china is bracing for more demonstrations .
the bush administration is under increased pressure from critics in congress who say the u . s . strategy in iraq is not working , raising calls for a troop withdrawal .
talibanization and extremism , however , represents a state of mind and requires more comprehensive , long term strategy where military action must be combined with a political approach and socioeconomic development , he added . the pakistani leader , whose
the new orleans suffered a ruptured fuel tank , but the th fleet says both vessels are operating under their own power .
exposing us to ever huger plates of food in restaurants that compete on portion size .
sarkozy infuriated chirac by backing his rival , edouard balladur , in the presidential elections that chirac won .
ronaldo s league goals in the season , and in total , won him the european golden shoe as the continent s top scorer .
but some do better , at least in the short run
zurich , switzerland cnn swiss television has made an embarrassing mistake in broadcasting a euro soccer match .
hamilton has become an unpopular figure in spain because of his rivalry with former mclaren team mate , spaniard fernando alonso , who has now switched back to renault . a mclaren representative said
the year old kaka was a major factor in ac milan s triumphant champions league campaign .
general motors is to cut , jobs in north america .
the belgian based pro kurdish firat news agency released the names of seven turkish troops it claimed had been captured by separatists .
kim man bok , director of the national intelligence service nis , said that it is hard to exert the right of indemnity because the hostages didn t do anything illegal , lawmakers who belong to the national assembly s intelligence committee said , following a closed door session with kim .
in response , irate farmers erected roadblocks that paralyzed much of the country s transport of goods .
some , muslims have met in the indonesian capital , jakarta , to press for the re establishment of a caliphate across the muslim world .
some refineries have stopped processing to avoid losses .
the team boasts seven players who are former or current japan international representatives
she took some of it to her sister in law s father , charles red matson , in hopes of cheering him up after recent health problems .
in , after the united states successfully tested the hydrogen bomb .
hushovd s fifth victory on the tour means the norwegian leapfrogs german andreas kloeden for second place overall thanks to time bonuses , with briton david millar now out of the top three .
this might seem a subject too narrow for the generalist .
two days later , rescue efforts were called off .
the white house , which nominated wolfowitz for the job in , reiterated its support for him .
all of the four children were adopted from south korea with the names of ethan , seth , mira and eleanor .
this time from the inside .
he said chinese markets had risen by since the start of the year and that this trend could not continue for much longer .
the network displayed a copy of a paper it said was obtained from chinese sources .
the new york times and the wall street journal have both reported on the slumping internet icon s cost cutting plans , citing people familiar with the matter .
the lunar new year , labor day may and national day october breaks were lengthened to full weeks called golden weeks .
beijing , china cnn china condemned a massive rally organized by taiwan s president calling for the island s membership in the united nations , warning sunday that beijing was now preparing for a serious situation .
he was treated in the hospital s intensive care unit but was unable to recover from the after effects of several prolonged cardiac arrests .
but administration officials say they will not negotiate with the stalinist state , and will only talk with it about how it can verifiably stand down the nuclear programs .
it s a real opportunity for us to expand ways for people to get to know the animals here at the aquarium and a once in a lifetime opportunity for our visitors to see animals they ll probably never get a chance to see in the wild .
secretary duncan will use only one test when deciding what ideas to support with your precious tax dollars ?
before the weather changed , tens of thousands were evacuated and more than homes destroyed , including some in richard martin s neighborhood
the korean government also plans to distribute a world map naming the waters between the korean peninsula and japan as the east sea , and a set of korea controlled islets over which japan also claims sovereignty as dokdo , officials here said .
too much sunlight can raise the risk of skin cancer , but small amounts minutes or so a few times a week without sunscreen may be beneficial , many doctors believe .
but he had the consolation of hanging on to his . world record .
starbuck s , toys r us , kinko s and even cadillac .
are you as young as you can be ?
the pair said they planned to become the world s capital market and that together they accounted for percent of the ftse eurofirst index of companies by market value .
the prehistoric humans known to have inhabited the continent at the time of the event hunters and gatherers dubbed the clovis culture
the trees are not organically grown , but the coalition says the measures help mitigate some of the environmental dangers of christmas tree farming , such as excessive use of pesticides and contribution to erosion .
the figures also showed that smaller hospitals and clinics overused antibiotics more than general hospitals and large hospitals affiliated with universities .
secretary of state condoleezza rice is also expected in turkey later this week .
p . m . et wednesday , about two hours ahead of schedule .
china s military is the world s largest and has been criticized abroad for not being open about its spending .
eido , a constitutional expert , was a member of a political bloc led by saad hariri , the son of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , whose assassination two years ago sparked widespread protests that led to the ouster of syrian forces from lebanon .
the agency said that the percentage would approximate . million addicts nationwide .
one man was arrested thursday after a minor scuffle ahead of the start of the olympic torch relay in australia , police said .
the country has been locked in a bitter funding dispute with russia , which is building iran s first nuclear power plant near the southern city of bushehr .
he made it clear that north korea would not become a member of the manila based regional bank in the near future . he said that the most important issue at the meeting is to reaffirm its commitment to realize the vision of asia , free of poverty .
li ning , founded by a former chinese gymnast , has also ramped up its design team and is sponsoring several chinese teams slated to be strong contenders in the games .
beijing , china cnn chinese workers and army soldiers were racing to sweep snow covered highways and unclog railway routes for millions of travelers trapped by cold weather .
your mercedes wasn t enough , you brats .
it is important for the kenyan people and their democracy to work within the confines of their law and constitution to find a political way forward and , most importantly , to bring about an end to the violence , mccormack said .
special forces have killed six afghan police and wounded in a case of mistaken identity on both sides .
a key senator , chris dodd , says the car companies need new leadership to convince taxpayers that their money is necessary and justified to save detroit .
zostavax
just percent of americans approve of how president bush is handling his job , according to a poll released wednesday , the fifth anniversary of the start of the iraq war .
nasa said friday it was going to take immediate action after a report raised safety questions about astronauts drinking before flying missions . the space agency said astronauts flew drunk at on at least two occasions , despite warnings from doctors and colleagues that they posed a flight risk .
about percent of the guests at marriott s fully booked marina property are fire evacuees paying more than under the standard .
the world bank s board says it will resume discussions on the fate of its president , paul wolfowitz on thursday .
yeltsin , who had a profound impact on life in russia , will be buried in the company of the nation s cultural icons , including playwrights , composers and filmmakers .
choi said he received the documents from the nautilus institute , a u . s . based research group on northeast asian energy issues , which obtained the documents from the u . s . government through a freedom of information act request .
the party also asked that all prisoners , be released and said it would work toward giving maximum provincial autonomy to the area .
but the world number one shrugged off concerns about his troublesome left knee
if he makes money available to joe kinnear , and he spends it wisely , that s all the supporters will care about , said the ex defender .
investors seem pleased that wells fargo has agreed to buy struggling wachovia at a . billion deal .
backlit with a purple neon glow , the towering float was surrounded by scores of dancers in skintight lion costumes and followed by an army of women spinning in gold and red hoop skirts and elaborate headdresses fashioned from crystal globes and feathers .
donald p . quinn , commander of carrier air wing nine , said there are greater tensions , which means we have to be better at what we do .
that s a little less than expected , but nobody s celebrating .
how to get health care costs under control , and how to do it this year .
and we continue to go out to eat
the last time a recording of bin laden was made public it was an audiotape , with an arabic transcript , released on june , .
but bolton told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that he would urge the united states to continue to back musharraf , whose government has received billion in u . s . aid since .
five ways to keep alzheimer s away
the deadly hydrogen sulfide gas escaped from the girl s bathroom window and entered neighboring apartments .
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad recently accepted an invitation to visit baghdad , but no date has been set .
paramedics treated mayor ito on the ground outside a train station in the centre of nagasaki before he was taken to hospital in an ambulance .
the joong ang ilbo reports the high court in busan gave the go ahead yesterday for a tunnel to be built for korea s bullet train , turning down an appeal from environmentalists who said the project would destroy the habitat of rare amphibians .
heart rate increased beats a minute for those without contact compared with five beats a minute for huggers .
while the two people seeking to be the democratic choice were vying to win the most delegates , they also were making the argument of being the most electable candidate to face mccain in november .
german authorities have seen the body of a german hostage who died in captivity in afghanistan and his body has gunshot wounds , germany s foreign ministry said on sunday .
mcfarlane is an employee of aol , which has provided the writings to cnn . read mcfarlane s blog and the two plays
he laughs often and is quite animated in discussing the life affirming tale of the debate team at all black wiley college that took on major , predominantly white universities in and won .
bush also addressed a sunday incident in which iraqi journalist muntadhar al zaidi threw a shoe at him during a news conference with prime minister nuri al maliki .
as early as the s , archaeologists linked the site to the edomite kingdom , but some of those claims were dismissed in subsequent years .
other products are turned off by this worm , so that s what makes it even scarier .
on friday , north korea test fired a barrage of missiles into the sea and warned it would mercilessly wipe out any south korean warships that violate its waters near their disputed sea border .
earlier in the day , the white house said it still supported wolfowitz , but added all options were still open .
the deal follows agreement over north korean nuclear activities .
mccain , during a town hall style meeting at fresno state university , is expected to propose a million prize for whoever can develop an automobile battery that has the size , capacity , cost and power to leapfrog the commercially available plug in hybrids or electric cars .
air crash investigators are trying to work out why a boeing landed short of the runway at london heathrow airport , skidding on grass and ripping apart sections of the aircraft .
john lasseter , chief creative officer for disney and the disney owned unit pixar animation studios , said the movie would return to the classic hand drawn animation process , instead of using computer animation that has become the industry standard . he called the film an american fairy tale .
with no michigan or florida delegates included , obama led clinton by delegates .
we expect that we will have strong enough cable in the s or s , tsuchida said .
the riaa doesn t know the identities of those it targeted in its most recent round of lawsuits , but plans to discover them through court issued subpoenas .
in the end , they mostly sent him god s blessing .
at least people have been killed in clashes between security forces and militant students at a mosque in the pakistani .
given the turmoil currently sweeping through financial markets , triesman said that he is braced for one of england s top clubs going out of business , and demanded greater financial transparency from the owners .
the cleric leading the standoff inside abdul rashid ghazi has said there are , still in the compound .
and a report by human rights watch on wednesday said migrant workers were being exploited to build a new beijing .
lynch thinks energy investors are selling on recent data showing that americans are driving less due to high prices including weekly energy department reports that demand for gasoline is falling and a federal highway administration report showing americans drove fewer miles in march .
the magazine put tom anderson and chris dewolfe , co founders of the the popular social networking site myspace as second in the powergeek .
while some countries have banned surrogacy as a money making venture , it has been legal in india since .
all of these were delusions .
however , nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said on monday he believed alliance members were aiding the mission .
this and other studies have corroborated the startling conclusion that the majority of people , when placed in certain kinds of situations , will follow orders , even if those orders entail harming another person .
longoria , , showed up first in a white stretch limo , wearing a way above the knee pink chanel dress with striped black and white straps .
to provide diverse communications to its customers and cope with fast changing market conditions .
there were competing accounts of how the unidentified man died students charged police fatally beat him , but police said the man was killed by a stone thrown by one the protesters .
unlike wheeled rovers , the rounded scouts have fewer motors to repair , never flip over , and are easier to seal from dust .
as for schools , the mayor of mexico city says health officials need to finish inspecting them before students can return to class .
north korea on thursday is expected to release details on its plutonium stockpile and continue preparations to publicly dismantle a controversial nuclear reactor
he has won just three atp tour matches this year and his world ranking has fallen to .
ayman al zawahiri made his remarks in response to questions solicited on a web site close to al qaeda .
the report , co authored by former u . n . inspector david albright , said pakistan may have decided to produce more plutonium for lighter warheads for cruise missiles , or to upgrade weapons aimed at indian cities .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday she authorized the u . s . embassy in syria to talk to damascus about iraqi refugees but downplayed expectations about a wider dialogue .
during the night , gunmen killed men in the nearby town of taji after dragging them from their homes .
abe attended a commemoration ceremony in the capital , tokyo , wednesday but did not visit the yasukuni shrine .
that may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick backed hair is part of his signature look on mad men
the american revolution begins just weeks later .
tendai biti , secretary general of the movement for democratic change , said that leaked correspondence from the election commission showed it had asked the company that is printing paper ballots to make million .
singh is years old and a foot tall pound lefthander . watch singh and patel discuss their new sport
it s been two years now since the overall national economy began climbing out of the recession .
greeted by joyous relatives and a crowd of reporters , about iranian jews landed in israel on tuesday , leaving behind their lives in the islamic republic for new homes in the jewish state .
the area was depopulated because residents had fled earlier attacks , he said .
it s like losing a family member , she says .
oscar winning actress jennifer hudson is asking the public to help locate her year old nephew , who has been missing since her mother and brother were found dead in their home friday .
though no longer required to go to jail , libby is still due to serve a period of probation and pay a fine .
the diplomat confirmed reports in the british media that clapton had been officially invited to pyongyang the first such invitation to a western rock star to the isolated nation .
following reports that pakistani nuclear scientist abdul qadeer khan claimed to have seen three nuclear devices on a trip to north korea five years ago , south korea s immediate reaction was that the matter was too sensitive to comment upon .
australian troops helped train , iraqi army soldiers following the overthrow of saddam hussein .
but unfortunately he didn t tell me how to beat rafa , he added , before spraying his opponent with champagne .
it feels great to resolve this in a positive manner , and in a way that should remove the potential of further disagreements in the future , apple inc . ceo steve jobs said in a statement
the bank of korea raised korea s guiding interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point , to . percent , ending a period of record low rates that began last november .
he talked to joy behar on larry king live about the book , his divorce , politics and sarah palin , and how he feels about the public eye .
cleanup crews are making sure they ve almost contained the , acre freeway complex fire now in orange county , california .
details were not released about the breakup , but statements from both parties seemed to indicate irreconcilable differences .
there , he , she s talking about joe biden .
software piracy grew in for the first time in half a decade and percent of the programs used by businesses worldwide are illegal copies .
it was years before english clock maker john harrison discovered an accurate method and received his prize from king george iii .
a spokesman for japan s whale hunt called greenpeace s actions illegal and demanded it stop its disruptive actions .
in paris , france television reported bruni and sarkozy would spend three days at the winter palace .
as i look back , they all reflect something about our lives .
the last hurricane to strike jamaica was hurricane ivan in september .
they just have to be very well trained .
europe and asian neighbors first .
the vote put bush on the defensive going into a far more consequential confrontation over paying for the plan .
authorities issue building permits even though they clearly violate environmental impact studies , witoelar said , according to the jakarta post .
the suspected plot was set to coincide with a trip by olmert to meet with abbas in jericho on august , haaretz reported .
january s sharp rise in consumer prices was driven by an . percent hike in food costs from the same period a year ago , the national bureau of statistics reported on its web site .
german skier maria riesch completed a world cup slalom hat trick in croatia on sunday and leapfrogged unlucky american lindsey vonn at the top of the overall standings .
attacks combined with evidence that terrorists were attempting to obtain the materials for a crude nuclear weapon should have served as a wake up call to the world .
the office of the chief of staff oversees and coordinates activities and communication among various departments of the administration .
araujo presented herself consistently as female wearing women s clothing , makeup and long hair .
moreover , the hole had dwindled in size before the split because of unusually warm temperatures in the atmosphere , according to nasa ozone scientist paul newman .
one of the sources added that former president clinton has been privately pushing for a couple of weeks for his wife to be no . on the ticket .
correspondents say diplomats privately admit .
today it s known as casa casuarina , a five star luxury hotel .
the secretary general said he hoped that the extraordinary chambers in the courts of cambodia will soon deliver long overdue justice for the people of cambodia .
lawyers for the family told cnn they were rejecting the offer because it was inappropriate to talk about the corruption case during such a difficult time , and because suharto has denied doing anything wrong .
iraq prime minister nuri al maliki has called on senior leaders in iraq s bitterly divided communities to hold crisis talks this week .
idf said the strikes killed two militants , while palestinian security sources said one member of islamic jihad was killed .
club owner don matheson in the queensland state city of townsville said the small , freshwater crocodile posed no significant threat to people , but that the club doesn t allow them on the course .
on a day when the boston runners faced the remnants of a chilly , soaking nor easter .
in may , the kim family attempted to enter a japanese consulate in shenyang . the scene showing han mi terrified at seeing her mother grapple with two communist chinese policemen to pass through the iron gate of the consulate was broadcast worldwide .
early in the afternoon , there were problems powering up one of hubble s instruments , the advanced camera for surveys , though other instruments turned on normally .
we are unable to vote for general musharraf and he understands this because the ppp stands for democracy and democracy means a distinction between civilian and military .
insurgents tried to break through the u . s . cordon surrounding fallujah on thursday as american forces launched an offensive against concentrations of militants in the south of the city .
israeli police and ambulance officials said eight people were killed by the attacker , who was shot dead .
if you live near a polluted area of a city , it s like the child is smoking , said best selling author and pediatrician bill sears . we all know what smoking does for the lungs .
pyongyang has said sanctions would amount to a declaration of war .
several gay and lesbian couples , along with the city of san francisco and gay rights groups , had sued to overturn state laws allowing only marriages between a man and a woman .
project masiluleke was set up to try to encourage people to seek testing and treatment in a country where cell phones are abundant .
des moines county sheriff s officials shot the pigs tuesday , not long after they reached the levee several miles from the nearest hog farm .
korea s fertility rate among world is in the lowest level .
the men and women wearing clean , padded anoraks and makeup , luxuries in this impoverished , totalitarian state mingle freely among the tourists traveling on a cruise ship that has taken a detour around the sealed border between the koreas .
in addition , anyone carrying such toys , including children , may have to go through secondary screening .
prince harry spent three months in afghanistan earlier this year .
often produced by the same manufacturers
the national weather service reported a swath of damage about yards wide in enterprise .
nearly half , percent , of republican primary voters in new hampshire have a favorable opinion of obama , while percent of new hampshire democratic voters view mccain favorably .
in the past months , castro has appeared in numerous videos and photos wearing track suits .
officials hope to conclude negotiations within a year .
barack obama tells cbs face the nation that what he wanted has been added to the deal .
it s not a good thing .
developers earn percent of app store proceeds from the sale of their games , with apple taking percent .
earlier , abbas urged israel to engage in direct serious negotiations as soon as possible . last week arab leaders urged israel to accept a peace plan proposed in .
some private economists say the imf s forecast of a . drop could leave million or more people out of work around the world ?
the electoral commission said it would soon begin releasing results from the upper house , the senate .
cnn if you were a zebra , how would you spend your days ?
iran says it never had a weapons program .
the army and trw inc . , which developed the weapon , said in a joint statement that the laser tracked , locked onto and fired a burst of concentrated light energy photons at the speeding shell over the white sands test range in new mexico .
pricewaterhousecoopers pwc russian unit confirmed on monday it had withdrawn its financial reports for bankrupt oil company yukos for the years .
. being over aggressive in follow up
most of the roughly guests who included tom hanks , diane keaton , eugene levy , carl reiner and ricky jay were not told that he and stringfield would wed when they were invited to his home for a party , nierob said .
but she said there is an emotional component in all of this .
to provide the public sufficient time to surrender chimps in their possession a month s notice is hereby given for chimps to be handed over to the authorities .
ads will appear in print and online in such publications as businessweek , cio magazine , fortune and the wall street journal , the campaign is slated to last as long as three years , a good amount of time for an advertising push , and will run into the tens of millions of dollars .
this is presley s third wedding
i am a good singer , so i can t possibly be a good writer , she continues . if your thing is to bring me down , cool . i ll just work harder .
the nightly protests have gripped deprived areas with large african and arab muslim communities where unemployment is rife and residents complain of racism and discrimination .
from this year , owners of homes worth more than million won in government assessed prices are subject to the punitive and progressive taxes .
but unnamed senior administration officials told the newspaper that bush decided to take a tougher line with pakistan after concluding that musharraf is failing to follow through on commitments to maintain the hunt for militants that he made during a september visit to washington .
the victims were mostly elderly and children as they were all either in their s or older , or children younger than .
british prime minister tony blair will order nearly half the british troops in iraq home by the end of , british news outlets reported early wednesday .
angry mobs sunday staged demonstrations , blocked roads , and raided electricity offices , protesting the hour power outage , which follows weeks of temporary outages .
meanwhile , civilians are caught in the crossfire .
her death came less than a year and a half after her mother , coretta scott king , died in january after battling ovarian cancer and the effects of a stroke
a so called sunrise period , where companies can reserve domains to match their trademarks , has been ongoing since october .
the economic stars of the region
the results of a survey conducted in december among , people said that korean and chinese products were about equally regarded not highly , in other words .
the wwf report also highlights a study conducted by the british antarctic survey .
u . s . officials and terrorism experts are increasingly worried about the stability of pakistan .
the treaty provided an international framework for conserving and accessing crop diversity .
an arrest warrant was requested for cheong heon choo , the head of hudson advisors korea inc . , senior prosecutor chae dong wook told reporters .
rowles told police he was sitting on his porch saturday when a tan suv pulled up and a black youth jumped out and ran toward his house , screaming , this is for obama .
it may be enough to recalibrate your sensors and soothe your symptoms long enough to finish the movie .
police had previously received reports of underwear thefts in the northeast part of town , where washington state university is located .
under an agreement reached at six nation talks in beijing last month on the north s nuclear program , the united states and north korea are supposed to open bilateral talks on establishing diplomatic ties .
on its web site , izzedine al qassam brigades said it fired qassam rockets and mortar shells early tuesday in response to recent israeli operations in gaza and the west bank .
the protesters chanted slogans against president vladimir putin , whom they blame for rolling back democratic reforms in russia and persecuting his political opponents .
as a result , the queen confirms key bills and measures , rather than announcing them .
the last time apple chief executive steve jobs took on major recording companies , he refused to budge on his cent price for a song on itunes .
the biographer and member of the british house of lords also has been ordered to pay . million in restitution .
the written questionnaires showed that percent said korean staff members at the embassy were very unkind while percent said they were unkind .
yash , who heads uttar pradesh s anti terrorism task force , said the six men were headed to mumbai in two groups , both armed with weapons and grenades .
south korea s president crossed the cold war s last frontier on tuesday in a symbolic walk of reconciliation for talks with his north korean counterpart .
this agreement clearly disadvantages nwa pilots both with respect to economic issues and seniority list integration , said union chairman dave stevens .
abe s statement is aimed at glossing over the historical truth and our government expresses strong regret , said a statement from south korea s foreign ministry .
at the time of the operation , pavarotti had been preparing to resume his farewell tour .
knox was one of five young men taken to various hospitals after the brawl , police said .
troops in baghdad on tuesday detained two wanted people and another suspect in an effort to disrupt the car bombing network in baghdad , the military said .
britney spears says she hit rock bottom , in a message posted on her web site about the end of her marriage and her time in rehab .
one woman among thousands of infertile couples in the programme is eight weeks pregnant .
meanwhile , outgoing president roh moo hyun has stepped up his criticism of president elect lee myung bak s policies and his conservative platform .
but benedict s spokesman , the rev . federico lombardi , later said benedict did not intend to formally excommunicate anyone a rare process under church law and on thursday the vatican released a slightly edited transcript that dropped the word yes in the pope s response .
trump denies golf course hit by the crunch
how to lower your cholesterol with better eating
the office and at least three houses were set ablaze during the clashes , the official said .
progressive civic groups , liberal minded lawyers , far left democratic labor party members and a sprinkling of movie stars denounced president roh for promoting the negotiations and for dancing to the united states tune .
in rare instances , mumps can trigger life threatening encephalitis .
the device could save millions of lives and beats almost exactly like the real thing using electronic sensors to regulate heart rate and blood flow .
despite the animals size , experts admire the miura breed for their power and grace , which inspired legendary italian car maker ferruccio lamborghini to name one of his most famous sports cars after the animals .
in the past five years , authorities believe , the businesses took in billion .
the seat plane disappeared from radar screens near the coastal area of kampot at a . m . local time , minutes after take off , and discontinued communications at , five minutes before it was due to land at an airport in cambodia s coastal tourist attraction of sihanoukville .
greyhounds also have big neck veins that make drawing blood easy , said veterinarian guillermo couto , who works with the animal blood donor program at osu .
jackson , mississippi cnn jamie lynn spears gave birth to a girl thursday morning at a south mississippi hospital , according to a person close to the spears family .
she has no aspirations of becoming my manager or any other artist s manager .
and wait . during the april boston marathon , for instance , the curious can use their computers to check on the progress of up to five runners at a time .
we get the grammy nominations at a prime time tv special tonight
eleven of saddam hussein s closest aides also appeared in court in baghdad yesterday .
the announcement , which represents a u turn on an earlier decision , was made amid reports militant groups in iraq planned to kill or kidnap the prince .
darwin , australia cnn east timor president jose ramos horta was slowly being returned to consciousness by doctors who have kept him sedated since he was shot in an assassination attempt last week , his spokesman said thursday .
if talks with iranian representatives and javier solana , foreign policy chief for the european union , are unsuccessful , merkel said , further steps will have to be made .
the communist government wants to use the beijing games to project a positive image of china , spending an estimated billion on a complete makeover .
just such a drama will unfold in japan after wal mart opens its first megastore in the country in .
the affliction is spreading south and west , and scientists estimate that within five years , there will be
republican front runner john mccain kicked off his final push with a rally in rival mitt romney s home state of massachusetts , before heading for new jersey and then on to new york where he is expected to appear at manhattan s grand central station .
germany insists it will not send more troops to afghanistan and it will not move them to the restive south , despite a reported request from the united states .
the twins will be the fifth and sixth children for jolie and pitt .
what about shutting down the mexican border to stop the spread of the disease ?
the appointment must be confirmed by the national assembly .
gallagher , who says she thinks women find revenge empowering because they no longer feel like a foolish victim , carried out her own vengeful deed
the woman said jeffs never specifically spoke to her about having sex because the flds faithful didn t use that word .
violence erupted at the mosque on july when about militant islamic students attacked a police checkpoint close to the mosque .
we ourselves are victims of these terrorist activities and cannot allow them to get stronger .
they were cited for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature .
other locals told the newspaper that the lights looked like balls of flames .
around . million people visited dubai last year , more than any arab destination except egypt .
he is the first person to receive the award .
citing the risks of further delay , jordan s king abdullah ii said wednesday the united states must take the lead in creating conditions for a permanent peace between israel and the palestinians .
sen . barack obama will win the north carolina democratic primary , cnn projects , but the race in indiana is still too close to call .
communist china has said it will send delegations to the us to discuss safety concerns , after a spate of recalls of food and other products .
wildlife experts are trying to figure out why sick , disoriented , and bruised brown pelicans are being found in record numbers along the coast , some of them dead .
a maverick fertility specialist is reported to have claimed that a patient is pregnant with the world s first cloned baby .
a government was established in but dissolved in .
ap special correspondent linda deutsch reports that simpson didn t show much feeling when the verdicts were read .
later about , people were killed , disappeared or jailed in the fight for independence in east timor , aceh and papua , human rights groups and the united nations say .
it is not a permanent part of the afghan government .
as a result huge amount of marginal land has been taken in as pasture , overgrazed to the point of exhaustion , and now farmers are being forced to watch the topsoil literally blow away on the spring winds .
i liked his eyes , and whenever i have allergies i feel like him .
robert has also said dubai authorities repeatedly concealed evidence confirmed in court papers that one of the attackers was hiv positive .
the men in the suvs , described by witnesses as westerners , returned fire , the ministry said .
just percent said they would back obama in the general election , according to the polls .
she was cooperative , he said .
an international team of researchers recovered ancient dna from the bottom of an ice core that indicates the presence of pine , yew and alder trees as well as insects .
u . s . general revealed witnessing abuses at abu ghraib u . s . military prison .
the bbc reports tibetan protests against communist chinese rule have spread to another part of china , after days of demonstrations and violence in tibet s main city , lhasa .
a survey conducted as part of the annual sunshine week campaign says that there s some important data missing .
lincoln was a congressman from illinois before becoming president .
the united states has urged chinese restraint after days of violent protests in tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti chinese protesters to surrender .
the rate is used to set rates for a wide variety of consumer loans , including credit cards , and many business loans .
million million a day in lost production .
the banner read , one world .
police said three others pardo s mother in law , father in law and wife
this is very important for us that one day , we shouldn t wake up with a government , an administration in pakistan which is in the hands of the extremists .
the children chose the name because it is very common here , the spokesman told pa .
i think that he hill will talk to them about how the process might proceed regarding normalization , mccormack said , including taking north korea off the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism and opening the way for a normal trading relationship with the u . s . for the first time .
now , in a much bigger test that began earlier this month , the national highway traffic safety administration wants to find out if the markers can also reduce pedestrian accidents .
president ronald reagan proposes developing technology to intercept nuclear missiles , a plan that critics dub star wars .
now a third person with ties to the club , previously known in town only as a swingers group , is set to go on trial monday not far from mineola , population , .
a rare tornado hit a town in southern china .
even the best programming will die unless it can reach its audiences .
since microsoft supplies the software to the vast majority of home and office computers , rivals complain that refusal to give them interoperability information shuts the door on a huge potential market .
new zealand pm helen clark and norbu tenzing norgay , the son of his climbing partner , lead the tributes .
cryptography , the science of sending secret messages , has been used by governments , diplomats and military commanders since antiquity .
plastering huge banners in front of its main holy temple , korea s largest buddhist group yesterday called for a boycott of the country s largest newspaper .
they reportedly broke into the embassy compound by scaling the mission s meter high spiked fence with a ladder .
normally , the lander would store the day s work in its flash memory , but the repeated data caused it to power down for the night without saving everything .
a stretch of nearly miles of interstate between tampa and orlando was closed by several accidents , including the car pileup .
the hooded killers of the chadian president s son were filmed on video surveillance cameras in the underground car park in france where his body was found , a judicial source says .
only a small number of those unable to find a place on the boats survived the freezing waters .
we ll think less of one person , one computer , he continued . it ll be people working together in an environment with lots of computers that you can interact with .
also killed was journalist hassan kafi hared , .
it was the first us rate cut in four years .
among the worst hit , bnp paribas lost percent , while royal bank of scotland dropped percent .
some cars were burned nationwide sunday night and people arrested , police said .
increasingly aggressive state prosecutors yesterday raided a seoul metropolitan police agency office and two local police stations in seoul as part of their probe into alleged bribery and influence peddling between the police and hanwha group .
militants then launched rocket propelled grenades and small arms fire , and the ensuing hour clash and airstrikes killed an estimated two dozen enemy fighters , it said .
it s unclear how a bomber was able to pass through the multiple security checkpoints required to enter the parliament building , which is in baghdad s heavily fortified green zone .
security council resolution will likely reduce the north korean economy to a state worse than in the mid s when millions died of hunger , the korea institute for international economic policy said .
earlier this month , a group of japanese lawmakers demanded the us government retract the resolution , saying it was based on wrong information that is totally different from the historical fact .
a total of five children were taken to hospital after swallowing tiny beads known as bindeez in australia and aqua dots in the us .
any politician who is pushing for a boycott is committing a serious error , mario vazquez rana , the president the association of national olympic committees , said on saturday .
a year old girl picking up a seedless watermelon from a bin was stung sunday by a tan , inch long scorpion that had apparently stowed away in a shipment from mexico .
i would never play around with her life .
johanson said she isn t retiring and will continue to give lectures .
consequently , banks worldwide shunned north korean business for fears of losing access to american markets .
the striking civil servants who include teachers , hospital workers , tax collectors , customs officials and post office staff planned a march tuesday afternoon in paris and other parts of the country .
the national election commission is to rule today on president roh moo hyun s latest press interview on repeated complaints from the grand national party .
tiny killer threatens huge albatross
in his victory speech , obama praised cooper s fight .
the train goes to the border town of atari without stopping , and the revelation that two were allowed off highlighted what most passengers already know
washington cnn abu ubaida al masri , a senior al qaeda commander suspected of helping plan the london subway bombings , died of natural causes in pakistan , u . s . counterterrorism officials said wednesday .
the fortress , measuring . hectares about . acres , is the earliest known fortified city of the biblical period in israel .
the latest row erupted after the family of the year old composer from cambridgeshire said the cameras did not film the moment he died .
researchers suggested the blood thinning and cholesterol lowering properties of ethanol in alcohol may ward off dementia , which is often caused by a blood vessel problem .
the british military released them to a curious public as part of a four year project to transfer all such documents to the national archives .
americans will celebrate memorial day on monday , may twenty eighth .
this is an important milestone for military commissions , said cmdr . j . d . gordon , a pentagon spokesman .
the family was given a huge monthly allowance that funded an opulent lifestyle
they may seem idiosyncratic , but their oddball image augments their charisma .
under the deal , north korea would begin to close down its nuclear program in exchange for million in energy and financial aid .
lee sang ho of mbc tv has been asked to appear for questioning today , according to hwang kyo an of the seoul district prosecutors office .
officials from the united states and north korea met in new york yesterday to discuss bilateral matters relating to the north s disablement of its nuclear facilities .
and we are doing very well .
australia has unveiled details of a new citizenship test for immigrants .
a contrasting aftermath of nature s force can be seen in the image of the charred peaks of the chino hills in southern california which show the extent of damage caused by the recent fires .
the dogan news agency also told cnn that aerial strikes had been going on for days , with several f warplanes loaded with bombs taking off from an air base in the southeastern city of diyarbakir .
north korea has accused the united states of setting in motion invasion plans by launching a massive arms build up .
describing north korea as brutal , heartless and tyrannical , u . s .
the introduction of the obama economic team and first , some words from the president , who s meeting with the treasury secretary right now .
german state secretary of the interior august hanning has said he is worried that the authorities will not be able to thwart all terror plots in the future .
elizabeth edwards said she was fortunate that she felt pain from a cracked rib and got x rays that revealed the cancer .
in recent years , the country has seen several highly publicized corruption cases involving officials who steal
the rally on wall street is so far extending into a fifth day .
monsanto was unaware of the boycott until a reporter called the company s headquarters in st .
america s centre for medicines in the public interest predicts counterfeit drug sales will reach billion in .
toast to your travels at the new frasers gourmet hideaway in oak harbor
the reorganization of the presidential office is part of roh s efforts to make a fresh start to reform the nation after the constitutional court reinstated him last friday by overruling his impeachment .
in preparation for the scheduled cross border railroad tests on may , north korea yesterday proposed holding a general level military meeting between the two koreas to discuss safety measures for the trains and the passengers who will travel inside the demilitarized zone .
president elect barack obama is said to be ready to name former democratic rival hilary clinton to be his secretary of state .
african american voters in pennsylvania supported obama by a substantial margin .
speaking earlier monday , musharraf urged the west to be patient with his nation as it tries to establish a democracy .
former vice president al gore is on capitol hill this morning , urging congress not to be sidetracked by the financial crisis , and to take decisive action this year to reduce greenhouse gases responsible for global warming .
but both methods have serious side effects in percent of cases .
when they arrived , they were met with gunfire from mendoza , who was standing in the street , tranter said .
the new measure came after the restriction on dating among cadets was criticized as running counter to the academy s goal of producing sound individuals for the nation s armed forces .
mayor johnny piper said thursday s council meeting would be the last held in that room .
the prices of homes sold in the first quarter of posted a record decline , according to a new report from the office of federal housing enterprise oversight .
most of the deaths have been in southeast asia , though the latest fatality was a year old woman in the nigerian city of lagos .
speaking in a live television address on thursday , siniora thursday vowed to uproot terrorism from his country , blaming fatah al islam militants for using palestinian refugees as a prop to attempt to destabilize the country .
he was convicted of leaking state secrets .
my little brother s name is obama cause it s very inspirational that he s named after um , a president .
but the hour economy is not without its dangers , even on a golf course .
we sincerely apologize to those customers who have suffered disrupted journeys or baggage delays . we always knew the first day would represent a unique challenge .
the u . s . statement said the operation targeted a commander suspected of links to the iranian islamic revolutionary guard corps quds force . the suspect was involved in the movement of various weapons from iran to baghdad .
thus far , the strain in this country that has infected people in at least states has not been as potent or as deadly .
everything indicates they were sent to do it by some wealthy art lover for his own collection someone who , although wealthy , was not rich enough to buy the paintings , moura added .
will people come to sa to see them if they know they will be going back to hotels and guest houses with no power ? that means no hot meals , no clean laundry , no lights , said michael tatalias of the tourism association , according to the associated press .
segers said the zoo was not barring visitors from looking at the chimps altogether .
a strong showing from beckham , while hopefully staying injury free , in real s next five league games , might also prompt england coach steve mcclaren to recall the year old player .
acea secretary general ivan hodac said the one lever that could change customers mind would be an eu wide tax on carbon fuels , calling on eu governments to make a grand gesture and overcome their reluctance to setting a common european tax .
the pardon came following efforts by nazir ahmed and sayeeda warsi , muslim members of britain s house of lords , to persuade the sudanese government that releasing gibbons would create international good will toward their country .
japanese police said on tuesday they were investigating a suspected group suicide involving seven people who met through the internet , the latest in a rash of suicides linked to the web .
there were few surprises in this year s speech , since prime minister gordon brown already laid out his legislative agenda after he took office in june .
i am hopeful that today s vote will help the administration see the light and release the information to which the judiciary committee is entitled , said house speaker nancy pelosi , a democrat .
investigators have said cho s other pistol was a mm glock pistol he bought along with rounds of ammunition from roanoke firearms for last month .
court documents obtained by fox news warn jackson that he has until the date of the auction to take action to keep his lavish los olivos estate .
yet hope is coming faster than that hydrogen economy you ve been hearing about .
they were asserting to fight against the allied nations until the complete destroy of the japanese manpower and properties .
that five point advantage for sen . obama , d illinois , is down from an eight point edge he held over sen . mccain , r arizona , in the last cnn orc national poll , conducted october .
the location of the crashed plane was identified after a three day extensive search and rescue operation by both korean and cambodian teams .
when it opened in november , qua doubled the size of caesars previous spa to , square feet , and other spas , such as spa bellagio at the bellagio hotel casino and canyon ranch spaclub at the venetian have or are expanding , as well .
this question shows your boss you are in control of your future and are not waiting for someone else to make things happen , onderick harvey says .
national hurricane center forecasters are projecting noel will pass over southern haiti late sunday and cross the eastern end of cuba before turning northward toward the bahamas .
turkish officials had warned approval of the resolution could jeopardize u . s . relations with their country , a nato member that has been a key u . s . ally in the middle east and a conduit for sending supplies into iraq .
moreira is in the custody of argentine police and will be returned to miami , where he will be charged with interfering with a flight crew .
the u . s . president also met medvedev , putin s successor , describing his as a straightforward fellow . you can write down , i was impressed and look forward to working with him , he told reporters .
ambassador alexander vershbow said in an interview with yonhap news .
tallahassee , florida ap darrin mcmahon still cannot define happiness after spending six years researching and writing a book about it .
the post said the united states told its asian allies that pyeongyang had exported nuclear material directly to libya .
cnn think barack hussein obama has it rough campaigning for president with a name like that ?
it s a chance to encourage trust and build a relationship with them .
polanski s defense team offers what it calls extraordinary new evidence of repeated , unlawful , and unethical misconduct by the los angeles district attorney s office and the judge in polanski s case based on details that surfaced this year in an hbo documentary .
but the networks seem to be losing the argument .
there isn t a lot of contrast between black eyes and a black face , so people can t get a handle on how the dog is feeling , nicosi said .
music coolio has been arrested on drug charges , the rapper taken into custody yesterday on those charges at the los angeles airport .
survivors of the accident have been transported by foot or by bicycle kilometers . miles to the nearest hospital , he said .
here at the door to the white house briefing room , a mother robin has not only built a nest , but has hatched several young chicks right under the noses of reporters and camera crews who traipse in and out every day .
a woman blames the devil , and not her husband , for severely burning their infant daughter in a microwave , a texas television station reported .
chavez has accused the station of supporting the failed coup against him and violating broadcast laws .
more than , people were killed and another , driven from their homes in fighting that took on ethnic overtones .
ppp , the party of slain opposition leader benazir bhutto , and pml n won the majority of seats in pakistan s february parliamentary election
earlier , zanu pf officials had said they , too , were preparing for a run off .
we have reason to believe that , through two intelligence driven operations over the last few days , we now have detained all of the leadership and the key operatives of the indirect fire cell that attacked victory base last week , said brig . gen . vincent brooks , multi national division baghdad s deputy commanding general .
the pro government uri party called for naming an independent counsel to investigate the allegations that the former seoul mayor engaged in stock manipulation .
the pakistani leader says a parliamentary poll will be held in january , but opposition leaders want an end to emergency rule first .
pakistani opposition leader imran khan , in comments to cnn international , predicted that a heavy u . s . military presence in the tribal areas along the pakistan afghan border would make the situation worse , not better .
his family s native mauritius and the french city of nice , where he grew up , the magazine said .
officials yesterday reported a third warning of terror attacks this time threatening to burn seoul and make it crumble if korean troops don t leave iraq .
the north s committee for the peaceful reunification of the fatherland vowed to use not only nuclear weapons but also biochemical weapons if the u . s . ignited a new war on the korean peninsula .
in the human version , the patient s own cells would be used .
the caudate then sends signals for more dopamine .
still , large scale attacks by terrorists and insurgent groups continue in iraq .
couples can register their names at a special e mail address set up by travelodge , which has hotels across the britain , ireland and spain , ahmed said .
obama leads clinton in the overall delegate count , to , , according to cnn estimates .
in the letter , academics pointing to a speech the pope gave at the same university as a cardinal in claimed he condones the trial and conviction of the scientist galileo for heresy .
researchers also want to know if the behavior is limited to human infants .
chinese authorities now appear to be taking these cases seriously .
because the law of averages is still on the books , five elderly americans are expected to die this week of creutzfeldt jakob disease cjd , an incurable and invariably fatal illness .
former beatle ringo starr has given his fans a ticket to ride .
the kidnappers have since killed one of the hostages .
in nahr el bared near the northern port city of tripoli , the army resumed its pounding of militant hideouts with artillery after sporadic exchanges earlier in the day , sending up plumes of black smoke .
most women were from korea but women from china , the philippines , thailand , vietnam , malaysia and indonesia were also involved .
the bush administration halted fuel shipments agreed by the clinton white house after north korea said it was developing a nuclear weapons program in .
we got some more baseball to play .
a percent surge in the share price of america movil , latin america s largest cell phone operator controlled by slim , from march to june made him close to . billion wealthier than gates , said eduardo garcia in sentido comun , the online financial publication he founded .
the plane had been carrying nine skydivers and a pilot .
after learning of several foiled al qaeda attempts on u . s . and commercial ships in the area , experts are warning that the terror network still wants to cripple the global economy , the world s economic jugular vein in southeast asia is at risk .
dentist david w . wielechowski , , of shaler , and christa vattimo , , had married a month earlier in the bahamas but repeated their vows saturday at a reception for guests .
the company sees uses for its camera at high profile sites like political or business venues , and outdoor areas like tourist attractions and sports arenas .
the m wellcome trust case control consortium wtccc involved leading research groups analysing the dna from , patients for each of the seven conditions and , healthy volunteers .
the attack came as egypt s top intelligence official tried to negotiate an end to the violence between israel and militants in hamas controlled gaza .
the government plans to submit related bills to the assembly today .
but the group s own music company , apple corps , is a long time holdout in making their songs available to internet services .
they also found a wig and a plastic bag containing a carbon dioxide powered bb pistol in a nearby trash can , the report said .
when asked on nbc s today show why he wouldn t run for president again when presumably a president could shape an agenda to fight global warming gore said those in power must have the support of the people to make it work .
u . n . envoy coomaraswamy is taking an optimistic long view .
he underwent treatment for the disease and was able to return to cycling , eventually winning seven consecutive tour de france races .
baghdad cnn violence in several iraqi locations on tuesday left more than a dozen people dead , according to authorities .
the dandelion once a church parsonage fills its two floors with apparel , accessories and gifts . river cottage s th century building is as captivating as its merchandise
there must be a commitment in this country for equal education for all american young people .
the smurfs also will team up with the unicef to promote children s rights and education worldwide , said yves willemont of unicef belgium .
the panama canal authority , the autonomous government agency that runs the canal , is borrowing up to . billion between and to help finance the project .
one of two patients hospitalized with gunshot wounds at roanoke memorial hospital had improved wednesday to serious condition , from critical , hospital spokesman eric earnhart said .
simon s brave resistance finally ended when his attempted drop shot drifted out .
violence has dras rather declined drastically , throughout iraq , but mosul remains a major security challenge .
the house passed the same measure on a vote wednesday night .
terrorism analyst laura mansfield told cnn that while the september message was directed at the pakistani people , the simultaneous release of transcripts in english , pashto and arabic indicate the terror group is looking at a wider audience , including the english speaking world .
hamas security guards were all around , their automatic rifles draped over their shoulders . the walls were adorned with the pictures of hamas members who have carried out suicide bombings that have killed hundreds of israelis .
when the couple appeared on the oprah winfrey show more than a decade ago , the famed host called it the single greatest love story in years of doing this show .
the number has risen every month , to , in may .
earlier , japan , a major donor to burma , said it had cut more than million in funds .
but percent of oxford university s students come from state schools .
north korean leader kim jong il visited the chinese embassy in pyongyang over the weekend and received a personal message from chinese president hu jintao , the north korean central news agency reported .
british prime minister gordon brown said monday that the united states and britain are engaged in a generation long battle against al qaeda inspired terrorism and that britain absolutely shares president bush s philosophy on the war on terror .
the woman , who was with her husband and children , was taken to the mariner hospital in tavernier , where she was pronounced dead .
though the voice sounds like bin laden , cnn has not been able to confirm that it is him .
on wednesday , the april contract had jumped us to settle at a record us . a barrel and later rose to us . in post settlement electronic trading .
real madrid striker ruud van nistelrooy has been ruled out for the rest of the spanish league season after undergoing knee surgery this week .
premier league chief executive richard scudamore announced last week that its clubs supported a plan to stage a th round of games in five countries starting in the season .
the dream has never died . . . it lives on in those americans , young and old , rich and poor , black and white , latino and asian and native american , gay and straight , who are tired of a politics that divides us and want to recapture the sense of common purpose that we had when john kennedy was president of the united states of america , obama said .
this all began as an effort to recruit more women into computer science programs and a public relations class decided to help .
during the past year , nato forces have fought a number of bloody battles against taliban forces in the southern city of kandahar , once the stronghold of the extremist movement , and the surrounding region .
space agency managers worried that the storm would move toward houston and force them to evacuate to a smaller staffed makeshift control center at cape canaveral , florida .
some experts say a doubling in peanut allergies noted in earlier studies is one factor .
the governor said the taliban were not asking for a ransom but were demanding the release of prisoners from ghazni province and now from other provinces as well .
all that s going to happen is it s going to get worse .
and instead of rumors simply making the rounds among peer groups they go out to a much bigger group , a worldwide group .
today was down more than a in mid morning trading
gambari has also failed to meet the country s most powerful figure , junta chief senior gen . than shwe .
taliban fighters seized miya nishin district in kandahar province late monday , provincial police chief esmatullah alizai said .
the riot police responded to the demonstrators with tear gas , rubber bullets and water cannons .
but his first in five weeks .
tens of thousands of homes , school and hospitals in poor and wealthy districts alike were inundated .
it s a contract to make slothfulness more expensive , said karlan , who has personally put up to , at stake to help himself lose or maintain his weight .
it was suspended in june following the fatal shooting of a wfp aid worker in the somali capital .
but observers suspect many mehdi army fighters are more radical than al sadr .
the official , who did not wish to be named , said the resolutions allowed for an international presence in the province , not necessarily from the u . n .
the interior minister said authorities searched five homes in barcelona and seized the four timers along with computer information .
in slaughterhouse five , he drew a headstone with the epitaph everything was beautiful , and nothing hurt .
the gossip was that victoria beckham bought one , he said . but it s a lot of crap .
often looking in the wrong direction and mistakenly walking in front of the camera when it was not his turn to speak .
but the bbc reports south korea s decision will be seen as a set back to us efforts to present a united front against north korea .
former white house aide lewis libby has pleaded not guilty to charges related to the leak of a cia agent s identity .
more than percent said they saw the pictures and videos at their friends houses , followed by . percent at their own homes , . percent at internet cafes , and percent at their relatives homes .
i went to lay down on the mri machine and i got a real bad pain on my right side below my eye .
another members of a polygamist group in texas have been indicted
jerusalem cnn under threat from romans ransacking jerusalem , years ago , many of the city s jewish residents crowded into an underground drainage channel to hide and later flee the chaos through jerusalem s southern end .
he said another male was hanging out of the passenger window screaming the same thing .
bhumibol celebrated his th year on the throne with lavish festivities last year .
the jodie foster vigilante flick the brave one scared up million at the box office to become the weekend s top film .
saakashvili claimed . percent of the vote , while opposition leader levan gachechiladze had percent , tarkhnishvili said .
the president gave the bill his support thursday during a news conference .
simply put a man s evolutionary mission is to spread his seed .
but british scientists discovered that people who carry two copies of a variation of the fto gene weighed , on average , pounds more than people who lack it .
the attack wounded , hospital officials said .
the audience made up of north korea s communist party elite , as well as musicians and foreign guests stood throughout both anthems , while the countries flags were displayed on the stage .
this strike is turning into a civil disobedience and an invasion to the streets of beirut , carried out by militant gangs , charged the grand mufti , sheikh mohammed rashid qabbani . his speech was carried by the lbc network and qatar based al jazeera .
the court enters judgment in the amount of , , to be paid by kgl in a single lump payment , the judge wrote in his page decision issued on november .
the move follows the massive earthquake on saturday which killed at least , people in south asia .
south africa s people were crying out to the nation s leaders to do whatever it takes to end crime , inkatha freedom party leader mangosuthu buthelezi said at the funeral .
freezing rain glazed roads in northern ohio throughout much of the day , including the cities of cleveland and dayton , weather forecasters said .
as part of the deal , richey , , agreed to exit the country within a day , and plans to leave for scotland on tuesday .
the study , published monday in the journal of clinical sleep medicine , surveyed , students in the kentucky county before and after their schools changed the start time from to a . m .
the turkish government wants iraq to handle the rebels inside its territory and has been saying it can t wait indefinitely for iraq to do so .
others opted to stay indoors and shut their windows and doors to make sure the acid cloud was not entering their home , she said .
a furious crowd surrounded the police station in rio bonito and reportedly tried to lynch her .
the report said it should be independent in its editorial and programming decisions .
hundreds of thousands of people had turned out to greet the former prime minister , amid a huge security presence .
the next reshuffling is anticipated as early as next month .
much time has passed since jefferson arrived for his inauguration .
deputy white house press secretary scott stanzel said thursday that there are no plans for such a meeting .
maybe it wasn t john lennon s best musical effort , but a tape of an apparently inebriated lennon warbling a cover of lloyd price s just because brought a sobering , at auction sunday in los angeles .
the territory was a british colony living on borrowed time , awaiting an already agreed upon return to china in .
others asserted that no one at the white house supported the tapes destruction .
hill characterized discussions only as a useful exchange .
illinois police still haven t released the name of a man suspected of fatally shooting a pastor yesterday at a church across the river from st .
more europeans than ever before log on in an attempt to find romance dating sites are reporting great increases in registered members people seeking partners online are willing to pay a subscription fee and ones that charge fees are more likely to survive in the future president bush arrived in tokyo at the start of a three nation east asian trip that will focus on many tough issues , including japan s struggling economy , north korea s weapons programs and u . s .
alphonsa , a nun from southern india , was when she died in . the other new saints are
in early january , a suicide bomber , apparently targeting police , detonated an explosive outside a court in lahore , killing at least people and injuring more than .
a controversy has recently erupted as some judges at district courts made conflicting rulings on the conscientious objection over the past months .
bogota , colombia cnn flooding in central colombia has left at least people dead , injured and , homeless over the past week , officials said wednesday .
the million dollar project is about percent finished .
the ipcc report says climate change is no longer a vague , distant threat .
after graduating from the university of pittsburgh , white moved to tokyo to learn more about his heritage and teach english .
one camp was closed in early december , and human rights groups say authorities have told residents of other camps that their gas and electricity will be cut off and have even threatened to frame them for crimes if they don leave .
western intelligence agencies long suspected mughniyeh in the bombing of the u . s . embassy in beirut , lebanon , that killed people .
this is a heartbreaking situation , losing soldiers after losing civilians only about a week ago , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said in a statement from his office . cabinet will meet tomorrow and discuss the situation and next steps .
harley davidson is cutting jobs over two years .
the first korean immigrants to america arrived on the morning of jan .
the communist authorities often block news sites such as the bbc in a policy dubbed the great firewall of china .
britain says it has signed a deal on judicial cooperation with libya , but it would not immediately lead to convicted lockerbie bomber abdel basset al megrahi being sent home to libya to finish his sentence .
meanwhile , turkey continued their preparations for the euro finals with a victory over finland in duisburg , germany .
well , the cost of mailing your bills went up today .
i shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow .
since she s only , her mom stayed with her in the idol mansion
and as the beijing olympics approach , the intensity is reaching a new high .
basically , it comes down to pubic hair and genitalia , according to a court ruling yesterday .
burmese state media reported military leader gen than shwe had agreed to meet ms suu kyi , but only if she ended calls for international sanctions on burma .
iraqi pm nouri maliki said it was a horrible crime aimed at stirring strife between iraq s religious communities .
other reports indicate that the shooting was among the voters who had showed up .
now we re much more interested in core technologies and partnerships that give us equal relations with u . s . companies .
but , with the main opposition democratic party of japan on track to become the biggest party in the chamber , laws will be hard to enact , threatening policy deadlock .
caffey , who is in critical condition , was able to crawl yards to a neighbor s home and later identified one of the suspects , said traylor .
british tycoon richard branson on friday announced a million prize for the first scientist to come up with a way to extract greenhouse gases from the atmosphere .
last year , the delhi high court reprimanded city authorities for failing to stop the animals from terrifying residents and asked them to find a permanent solution to the monkey menace .
parliament extended a hour state of emergency by days until february due to concerns about more unrest .
the rare meeting between the two key and most cynical players in the nuclear drama highlighted the flurry of bilateral meetings among the member countries that also include south korea , china , japan and russia .
the annual report from the international narcotics control board warns that treating stars leniently by allowing them to get away with drug crimes undermines faith in the criminal justice system and has a damaging effect on adolescents .
probably top five , lefty responded , pointing out that he had already discussed that with his wife , amy .
some scientists believe it could be related to changes in the ocean linked to global warming .
the anfal trial resumed a week after hussein s hanging .
it is not a political statement .
it s amazing that they were able to establish contact from so far below ground , she said , adding that the contact was minimal .
berlin , germany cnn a collection of recordings taken from adolf hitler s headquarters at the end of world war ii includes works by jewish musicians and russian composers , according to a german magazine report .
the global financial crisis is likely to restrain the u . s . economy well into , the federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said tuesday .
former president choi kyu hah died early yesterday morning at the age of , the korea times reports .
chinese communist troops occupied tibet in and beijing continues to rule the region with a heavy hand .
the problem with encryption is that it can help shield lawbreakers as well as law abiding citizens .
today , the candidates are making their case on the economy to voters in battleground states .
but the latest research published in the journal , proceedings for the national academy of sciences shows that scientists may have overcome the obstacle .
with today s auto loans , treasury secretary hank paulson says the first half of the billion bailout fund is tapped out .
with several attorneys arguing loudly around a conference table , judge larry seidlin tried to sort through a tangle of legal arguments and competing interests .
the very fact that . . . they played this cat and mouse game . . . was to me the beginning of the end , he testified .
senate republicans have blocked a bid by democrats to give us troops in iraq more home leave a plan strongly opposed by the bush administration .
i think they want to get beyond some of the racial politics that , you know , has been so dominant in the past , obama , who would be the first black u . s . president , told abc s this week .
roh also nominated army chief of staff kim jang soo as the new defense minister and lee jae jeong , senior vice president of the national unification advisory council , as the new unification minister .
turkish forces retaliated to sunday s attack by killing pkk fighters , according to a statement on an official government web site .
we are overjoyed to see these penguins waddle back to the ocean and have a second chance at life , said veterinarian dr . valeria ruoppolo of the international fund for animal welfare , the group that oversaw the rescue .
he instigated a regime of hand washing and infant deaths dropped substantially making clear the benefits of hand washing .
in the return united gave one of their finest ever display in european competition , pulling off an exhilarating victory .
the curious case of benjamin button and frost nixon each have five , including best drama .
the fifth round of negotiations toward a korea u . s . free trade agreement began last night in big sky , montana , a resort town in the u . s .
it will then launch an international campaign to have it named takeshima .
after a career of cranky insults , imus was fighting for his job after one joke that by his own admission went way too far .
in terms of gasoline , their sales margin increased from . won per liter in june to . won in july , up . percent from . won per liter the previous year .
macau s monetary authority said wednesday that holders of north korean accounts frozen at a bank blacklisted by the united states can withdraw or transfer their money .
a senior official at the pakistan atomic energy authority said the country was
we re excited since this is the first time we have issued a prediction that an object will enter earth s atmosphere .
the family then traveled to their home in the leicestershire village of rothley , kilometers miles north of london , where dozens of tv camera crews and journalists were waiting .
in what appeared to be a move of political desperation the main opposition grand national party elected rep .
but by the time you re in the car on your way , the child gets cranky and starts screaming are we there yet ?
allan said the ships , still in the area searching monday afternoon , also recovered two men who did not survive .
in rare cases , the toxin can spread beyond the injection site to other parts of the body , paralyzing or weakening the muscles used for breathing and swallowing , a potentially fatal side effect , the fda said .
as we have said repeatedly , a real settlement of the kosovo problem could only be achieved on the basis of accord between the parties , the serbs and the albanians in kosovo , not on the basis of some enforced solutions , kamynin said .
others are waiting in lines , states that allow early voting ahead of tuesday s election
we ve been working closely with the governor of the bank of england , with the financial services authority and the financial institutions to put the banks on a longer term , sound footing , said darling .
centuries ago , galileo galilei peered through a small , simple telescope to draw his pictures of four of jupiters moons .
all had very good cholesterol levels , with average ldl levels of and average hdl
insurgents targeted a stationary observation post where troops looked for people planting bombs , the official said .
putting a local sim card in your phone means you re now using a local number .
the president elect will make the announcement at a news conference this hour his third in three days as he continues to focus on the economy .
radical groups in lebanon have previously threatened to attack peacekeepers .
some say it s overreacting .
the monet and van gogh oil paintings were in good condition , police said , and the search continued for the other two a cezanne and a degas .
in a written statement , ms suu kyi said that she had made the decision in the interest of the nation .
he asks that the media respect his privacy at this difficult time , the statement said .
it goes to show that the . . . defendant does not believe in the democratic system .
we ve had a good experience out here .
this is a moment that will live in history as long as history books are written .
it s the first thing most executives check in the morning , and the last thing they do at night .
overstaying his american visa , yi mowed lawns , cleaned swimming pools and worked as an armed guard in a liquor store in the los angeles area .
suspects families watch the investigation process .
the yale team is starting tests with monkeys , but has no results yet , hamlin said .
americans , by contrast , pay a federal tax of about cents a gallon .
all rights reserved .
that career includes years on england s national team and stints on storied football clubs manchester united and real madrid .
the weekly der spiegel said the daughter of a world war ii soviet military intelligence officer showed it a collection of about records her father took from the reich chancellery in berlin when the city fell to the red army in .
if convicted , nowak could face a sentence of up to life in prison .
i think room for maneuver is limited , said thierry de montbrial , head of the french institute of international relations ifri think tank .
the pakistani leader announced wednesday he would skip a highly anticipated meeting on thursday with his afghan counterpart and tribal leaders , citing engagements in the capital .
brodsky reasons that if he can do something to keep sudanese women in the camps , this would decrease the likelihood of violence .
on wednesday , chavez stood before a map showing venezuela and colombia and pointed out several airports on the venezuelan side of the frontier where the freed hostages could arrive .
second seeded kuznetsova , trying to return to the final for a second straight year , lost to radwanska in the australian open third round but made sure there would be no repeat this time .
nowak , who has been an astronaut since , flew her first shuttle mission last july , serving as a mission specialist aboard the discovery .
germany has over , german troops stationed in afghanistan s relatively peaceful north as part of a nato peacekeeping force .
blake took a victory over richard gasquet , and fish beat two time indian wells champion lleyton hewitt .
it is central to what it means to be human .
commissioner reva goetz ordered the attorneys paid from spears assets , which are under the control of her father , james spears , and attorney andrew wallet .
lahore , pakistan cnn a suicide attacker targeted a police truck thursday , killing people most of them police in the taliban dominated area of north west frontier province , police sources said .
box office forecasters had figured the movie would premiere in the ballpark of tarantino s two kill bill movies and rodriguez s sin city , whose opening weekends ranged from million to million .
the two sides also failed on monday to resolve a row over the suicide of a japanese diplomat .
no one disputes iran s right to a peaceful nuclear energy program , he said , and added , there is a negotiation alternative .
rice s remarks in seoul , the second leg of her four nation tour , were interpreted as putting pressure on south korea to effectively implement inspections of cargo going to and from north korea to prevent trafficking of weapons of mass destruction wmd .
admit when you re stressed
later on monday , hatoyama held another news conference and tried to clarify his comments , saying , i am not a friend of the terrorist and i do not know him personally .
excavations began there in june .
under heavy fire over its handling of a gang rape case involving high school students , the national police agency announced yesterday that from now on only female police officers will investigate victims of sexual violence to prevent possible human rights violations , according to the korea herald .
it s called mrsa , short for methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the united states each year than aids , according to new data .
thaksin has said he would not re enter politics when he comes home .
if your child has a medical condition , you should also keep a health history with you at all times .
two pro russian separatist provinces in georgia south ossetia and abkhazia were looking to use kosovo s move to help them declare their own independence .
the boy was expected to be discharged monday , said emily dammeyer , a spokeswoman at children s national medical center .
the second german was executed at p . m . , ahmadi said .
this is an affront to free speech which is guaranteed by new zealand s bill of rights and our olympic officials are not entitled to take that right away , lawmaker keith locke said .
the year old communications technician committed suicide within hours of kampusch s dramatic escape on august , , which marked the end of one of austria s greatest criminal mysteries .
joseph fritzl made an appearance in court in austria .
talabani s son , qubad talabani , called reports his father may have suffered a heart attack or a stroke completely false .
meanwhile , a german hostage reported to have been killed by the taliban is still alive along with four afghans , a taliban spokesman said on monday .
certain agents in the national front have initiated plots to harm him , he said .
taliban kidnappers thursday released the seven remaining south korean hostages and handed them over to red cross officials , afghan and taliban officials said .
michigan senator carl levin says he wants independent investigators to determine whether any bush administration officials should be prosecuted because of those memos .
they try to understand the relationship between different groups of animals , especially ones that are highly endangered , to learn whether those might face a similar fate , said schuster , an associate professor of biochemistry and molecular biology .
his name is whispered breathlessly between friends , but in a classic display of asian politeness , the only indication there is a genuine heartthrob in the room are a couple of poorly contained shrieks .
the so called committee for the inspection of property of japan collaborators will start the investigation on aug .
the girl had sent a nude picture of herself to her boyfriend , and it ended up making the rounds .
the whole gang returns , led by the key foursome of shrek myers , donkey murphy , fiona diaz and puss in boots banderas .
bush on auto bailout , war in iraq , shoe throwing reporter
goldberg , who called cates a great gentleman , accepted his apology .
the issues are too complex , the problem is too significant to try to solve , or come up with reasonable recommendations in just one meeting .
a leading afghan human rights group is investigating reported use of highly flammable white phosphorus in a recent battle involving us and afghan troops and taliban forces .
the victims said the donkey bit genaro vazquez , , in the chest on sunday and then kicked year old andres hernandez as he tried to come to the rescue , fracturing his ankle .
a group of geologists and other experts will be sent to the area , miles southeast of santiago in the next few days to investigate , romero said .
despite recent crackdowns , industry figures suggest that of the software used in china is counterfeit .
people have to keep in mind , throughout history we have always had cycles , people shouldn t be surprised , jp morgan ceo james dimon , one of the event s co chairs told the closing debate , hosted by cnn s hala gorani .
bangkok , thailand cnn a buddhist monastery that provided a hospice for aids patients has been closed down by the regime in myanmar , which is also still arresting dissidents , the top u . s . diplomat in the country said last week .
for his part , bush described the taliban , who ruled afghanistan and harbored al qaeda before the september , , attacks , as brutal coldblooded killers with a vision of darkness .
but just as easily as it can be uploaded , downloaded and shared , it can be accessed and exploited by individuals with a different agenda .
the soil on mars may contain microbial life , according to a new interpretation of data first collected more than years ago .
officials at cj entertainment , which is in charge of distributing the film overseas , also appeared upbeat .
bush called for the first in a series of meetings to begin this fall , bringing together countries identified as major emitters of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
eight charges have been filed against simpson , including kidnapping , conspiracy and robbery .
carla haddad , a media relations officer for the international committee of the red cross , confirmed to cnn that the talks took place in the office of the afghan red crescent society in ghazni province .
the u . s . ambassador visited to yanbu in saudi .
the eruptions also called solar flares typically blow a billion tons of the sun s atmosphere into space at a speed of million miles per hour .
los angeles , california after years of giving away prizes , newly retired bob barker picked up one of his own at the daytime emmy awards on friday night .
they re going to notify , dealers today most of them by fedex letter that they will lose their franchise agreements when they expire as of september th of .
the military alliance between south korea and the united states has shown signs of friction in recent months , affected by a series of developments between the two allies .
the greek members of the clergy wanted one of their monks present , the ap reported , for fear that the procession would undermine their claim to an ancient structure built on what is believed to be the tomb of jesus .
he also insisted that most governments around the world agree that kosovo is an eu responsibility .
the remarks were made by vice minister of foreign affairs and trade lee kyu hyung hours after chun yung woo , seoul s top nuclear envoy , left for new york to attend the meeting with his u . s . counterpart , christopher hill .
in the december indictment , fulbright is accused of holding and torturing her year old ex boyfriend in early december with the help of three other men , including another man she had previously dated .
the defendants all from london denied charges of conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions .
bacon , the prolific actor , and his wife , fellow screen star kyra sedgwick , had investments with madoff , the financial guru accused of swindling his clients out of billion in a massive ponzi scheme , bacon s publicist told cnn tuesday .
an original message was encrypted by the sender into jibberish and decrypted by a receiver using the same method , or key .
rice said the agreement was not the end of the story but was a good start .
british airways posted a percent rise in quarterly operating profit on friday to beat analysts forecasts , but warned a weak dollar and soaring fuel prices would slow full year revenue growth and raise costs .
stern said the league hired additional experts this year to audit the auditors evaluating referees .
prime minister fouad siniora said the killers of mp antoine ghanim would not be allowed to succeed in their aims .
economist diane schwann says the name that pushed the markets on friday was bernard madoff
but a political party can post messages on its homepage to inform the public of its arguments , policies and platforms .
try to make sth appear less important than it is
this is a regular part of your cruise , so you don t pay extra and you don t have to sign up for anything .
molyneux , who is busily finishing the final stages of black white , took a few minutes to discuss his latest creation with us .
unlike other primates , the pygmy tarsier endemic to a specific area of indonesia has claws instead of nails on its fingers .
there was something in there .
fuld was pleading with secretary paulson for a federal rescue , lehman continued to squander millions on executive compensation .
the torch relay has been targeted . the international olympic committee has expressed its serious concern and calls for a rapid peaceful resolution in tibet , rogge said in a brief speech at the meetings opening ceremony .
baghdad , iraq cnn u . s . and iraqi troops killed at least al qaeda militants in iraq s diyala province in the past four days , the u . s . military reported on friday .
when the stock market starts to sag , that makes it less profitable to take new companies public .
cross said the face and nostrils of the man depicted in the video don t match hendrix .
but at the cbs late show , the network anchor said she believed the yankee star at the time he told her on minutes that he had never used performance enhancing drugs
his international debut years ago in a win over south africa , with his first international goal coming against the same opponent in the opening match of the world cup .
my heart goes out to all of you at this very trying time , prime minister manasseh sogavare said in an address to the nation .
a security officer may need to unwrap and inspect them .
about , of those missing are from the war in bosnia , while , are from the conflict in croatia and , from the strife in kosovo , the icrc said in a statement on the occasion of the international day of the disappeared .
two of the officers , sgt . stacey koon and officer laurence powell , were later convicted of federal civil rights violations .
russia is building iran s first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the u . s . and its allies to impose stronger u . n . sanctions against tehran .
that changed thursday when defense minister ehud barak ordered all crossings into gaza closed because of a spike in rocket barrages , cutting off fuel supplies .
today , there are only four
amnesty says it does not take any position on whether abortion is right or wrong .
a federal mediator called the meeting between the writers guild of america and the alliance of motion picture and television producers at an undisclosed location .
china will not accept the third countries intervention in problems between china and taiwan .
critics , however , believe general musharraf was acting to pre empt a judgment by the supreme court on whether his re election last month was legal .
north korea s envoy to disarmament talks in beijing says pyongyang has the right to operate nuclear programs for peaceful purposes .
on sunday , four days after it closed all but one passage because of palestinian rocket attacks .
earlier , a source with knowledge of the circumstances surrounding tuesday s mortar attack in the capital city of san a but unauthorized to speak on the record told cnn there was a clear and strong indication the u . s . embassy was targeted .
a judge questioned former french president jacques chirac for more than four hours thursday in an investigation into a party financing scandal that dates back to his time as mayor of paris , his lawyer said .
people usually have a short lunch break or they just don t want to waste their time eating .
sovereign sold its percent stake in lg corp .
that they have not been seen by the largest terrestrial telescopes .
the pc bang offers skilled game players like insoo perks such as free transportation .
it was a miracle that he had survived so many hours breathing only dust and death , romulo palomino told the state news agency andina .
the associated press reported that doctors had removed a piece of ballesteros skull to relieve pressure that was building up on his brain following tuesday s surgery .
she declines to discuss her famous sister , britney , although she says she has no plans to follow her to california .
obama congratulated clinton on her victories but downplayed his losses .
it could not be immediately determined whether the tablets were at the museum when the war broke out .
there s an economic recovery package in front of congress , washington should get it done .
voting started at a . m . and ends at p . m . with preliminary results expected around p . m . , according to the national election commission .
the airline said it could not immediately confirm the extent of the damage or the number of victims .
but regardless of harry s fate , the famed seven book series will conclude at a . m . saturday , when harry potter and the deathly hallows is officially released .
a huge man made island shaped like a date palm tree opened thursday off the coast of dubai with a celebrity studded gala and a three day party .
it sets a goal of pulling all combat troops out of iraq by the end of march of next year , but does not explicitly demand their removal .
simcha jacobovici , the toronto filmmaker who directed the film , said that a name on one of the ossuaries mariamene offers evidence that the tomb is that of jesus and his family .
he began the day leading the majors with home runs and rbis .
the house already has okayed the package on a procedural vote .
prime minister kevin rudd apologised in parliament to all aborigines for laws and polices that inflicted profound grief , suffering and loss .
but many government buildings remained open .
in washington , a state department official said pyongyang seems to have met the legal criteria to be taken off the u . s . list of terrorism sponsoring states , one of north korea s most coveted incentives to give up its atomic weapons programs .
the introduction of environmental rules is a painful process .
christians are caught in the crossfire
clinton revived her hopes in the democratic race last week with big wins over obama in ohio and texas , prolonging their bitter democratic fight for the right to face republican john mccain in november s presidential election .
he says he is god .
golf is increasingly becoming a young player s game .
the change comes after a recent letter from pope benedict to chinese catholics seeking reconciliation .
children will no longer be obliged to go by the father s surname and can follow the mother s .
the united states embassy in albania on tuesday emphatically denied that bush s watch was stolen during his visit to the country , where he was acclaimed as a hero .
the power of the river is just too much
he gets a report about every single soldier who passes away , she said . and he always pauses a moment to think about them and to offer a prayer for their loved ones and their family and friends .
britain , france , china , the united states and russia .
sydney , australia ap qantas airways said sunday it considers a . billion australian dollar us . billion takeover bid for the airline to have failed , after regulators refused to step in and save it .
the votes are being seen as a key test for the government of president roh moo hyun , increasingly unpopular as it approaches its final year in office .
south korean officials dismissed as groundless a news report that the united states has warned its allies that north korea may be ready to carry out an underground nuclear test as early as june .
some in the crowd were bush supporters who have not yet decided on a candidate .
the year old man married the sari draped dog at a temple in the southern state of tamil nadu on sunday after an astrologer said it was the only way to cure himself of a disability , the hindustan times newspaper reported .
witnesses in mogadishu s al baraka neighborhood said the dead included women , the elderly and children as young as .
rowles is the only mccain sign on a street full of obama signs , he said .
demeo said stiles is not the girl s father .
a poor country of , dependent on agriculture and tourism , dominica brands itself the caribbean s nature island , and the name is justified .
the british press association said that ritchie has broken off from filming in france to fly back to the uk to inform his parents of the split .
the quakes hit the border area of western china s xinjiang and xizang regions starting at about a . m . local time , according to the usgs .
there were no american casualties in the blast , according to u . s . officials .
the official russia today web site said five bodies were recovered .
a sovereign government will only be achieved if you liberate palestine from the jews and their agents , and only if you set up a government which rules by sharia , he said .
but , years on , could the hindenburg style airship be experiencing a renaissance ?
helmsley , who was reviled as the queen of mean , was .
choi was found unconscious at his home in western seoul around a . m .
vice unification minister shin eon sang said that while aid and the nuclear freeze remained linked , either of them can come half a step earlier .
his decision is stayed until the state supreme court reviews the case , meaning no marriage licenses can be issued until then , said jennifer pizer , lead counsel in the case for lambda legal .
presiding over the first cabinet meeting since his inauguration last week , lee urged his ministers to take extraordinary measures to curb consumer price hikes , promote peaceful labor management relations and create more jobs , as part of his new administration s campaign to revitalize the economy and improve the livelihood of ordinary citizens .
earlier in washington , gonzales announced his resignation , saying , i have lived the american dream .
the thruvision t camera picks up terahertz rays , or t rays , which are naturally emitted by all objects and can pass through fabric or even walls .
i am outraged that president bush has refused to condemn the sentence , he said .
south korean presidential spokesman cheon ho seon said in seoul the former hostages would be leaving afghanistan friday on a flight to dubai , and would travel from there to south korea .
david nalbandian is a major injury doubt for the australian open next week after injuring his back in practice and withdrawing from the kooyong classic warm up tournament .
ap white house correspondent mark smith is live with the latest
a communique issued by the u . s . embassy in beirut said the embassy vehicle was apparently the intended target of the attack , and identified the driver and passenger as lebanese security personnel for the embassy .
she will compete in the beijing olympic tournament next year .
the man began showing signs of illness on december and died thursday night at a hospital in the capital , jakarta , after being admitted with a fever , cough and other flu like symptoms , said spokesman joko suyono .
crowds applauded in front of the courthouse as birkhead , smith s former boyfriend , made the announcement , and birkhead teared up as he thanked his supporters .
he said he had to quit due to changing circumstances , according to a party spokesman .
wen stressed the need for an fta in a meeting with south korean correspondents in beijing last week ahead of his two day visit to seoul , which will be followed by a trip to japan .
police are expanding an investigation into what appears to be the largest cheating scandal involving high school seniors after securing evidence suggesting about students allegedly used cell phones to cheat during the national college entrance exam held on wednesday .
the poll of people by csa agency for the daily paper was conducted thursday and friday .
the campaign which is to run alongside more traditional fashion ads that in past seasons have featured johansson will appear in magazines in september , the statement said .
promoter harvey goldsmith said plans are for one show only , and there was no commitment or discussion of a tour or other dates .
at a victory gathering in tel aviv , barak called for party unity and pledged to pursue a policy that combines uncompromising security , protecting israel s solidarity and democracy , determined pursuit of real peace , reinforcement of the rule of law and healing israeli society .
it looks like it s slowly filling up with water again , said andres rivera , a glacier expert who headed a team which recently flew over the lake in a bid to solve the mystery .
the us is leading a drive for greater reform of the un and analysts say washington will expect ban to deliver , having strongly backed his candidacy .
she is sure that under the new president , the proven german french friendship will continue to be the foundation for ensuring peace , democracy and well being in europe , merkel s office said in a statement .
hillary clinton is scrambling to revive her bid for the democratic presidential nomination , staking everything on contests in ohio and texas next month .
clinton announces also that obama will visit turkey in a month or so .
the asean assessment team would travel to myanmar on wednesday to gauge the impact of the disaster and the scope of aid needed .
he eventually got out of the water and climbed a stone wall only to fall into the hands of police waiting for him .
in what is seen by some observers as president lee myoung bak s lack of confidence in korean advisors attention is on veteran financier david eldon , one of two conservative foreign appointees of the incoming gnp regime .
irish actor jonathan rhys meyers , star of the henry viii soap opera the tudors , has been charged with public drunkenness and breach of the peace at dublin airport , police said monday .
the , ton chemical tanker golden nori was seized off africa six weeks ago
the event brought together more than programmers , marketers and designers who tried to create new companies from scratch in less than three days .
nancy reagan , wife of the late president ronald reagan , is hospitalized in california after suffering a broken pelvis , according to spokeswoman joanne drake .
the second big screen spinoff of the paranormal tv adventure will be called the x files
it doesn t make any sense , the cousin , jaunius simokaitis , of fayetteville , said monday . if he was having money problems , these two would have been the ones to help him get out of debt . they would have helped him make that money .
korea s finance ministry expressed its discontent with the report , saying the survey was conducted earlier this year when the country s economy was faced with some negative conditions , such as high oil prices and a firmer won versus the u . s . dollar .
she was abused by a priest at age .
some lakes and rivers have become polluted , causing disease .
pakistan s ambassador to the united states , mahmud ali durrani , recently told cnn that the pakistani military is totally focused on destroying al qaeda and the taliban network and not just one person .
han has been seeking to solidify his political clout by continuing the sunshine policy of engaging north korea pursued under former president kim dae jung .
manchester united manager alex ferguson has reportedly fined his players a total of one million pounds . m after their pre christmas party ended in sordid front page headlines .
the album , stone of sisyphus , takes its name from a character in greek mythology who rolls a heavy stone up a hill only to have it roll back down again and again for eternity .
, with . percent of the company , as well as bank nordea , have accepted the offer , the statement said .
one of the other paintings is at the metropolitan museum of art in new york , while another was sold at auction in for . million and is in a private collection .
this figure is about percent less than the previous all time low record of . million square kilometers . million square miles set in september
the birds released at cassino beach the next day had to meet very specific health criteria , said ruoppolo .
an year old limit on using federal money to finance embryonic stem cell research could come to an end on monday
their supporters say they were ousted because they were set to rule against the legitimacy of musharraf s third term in office .
ryanair holdings plc said the ruling by the advertising standards authority was absurd and the airline had no intention of honoring it .
rita foley , washington .
it is unclear how these problems are related to each other or the activation of the sic dh side b channel .
if consumers start buying dvd boxes , software sales could zoom .
since then , the cub is thriving in the care of humans , but vera seems to miss her cub , foghammar said .
the note on it was signed , the educators .
well , it is bound to show up soon at the pump
president bush and vice president dick cheney have rejected findings from u . s . intelligence agencies that iran has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb and do not want to leave iran in place with a nuclear program , hersh said .
al sabah said he tried to get lawmakers and government ministers to reconcile their differences , but they only inflamed the situation through their statements to the media .
after hurricane katrina struck the gulf coast , bush made repeated trips to the region but wound up criticized for the government s sluggish response to the storm .
turkish station ntv and di marineo s web site said her body was found friday night near the village of gebze , on the eastern edges of istanbul .
the official said , however , the reduction would not affect u . s . combat capability .
the undp said iceland usurped norway for the number one slot this year , while both the u . s . and japan fell from last year .
frontrunner senator hillary clinton was booed after saying she would not give up campaign donations from lobbyists .
in an emergency , you don t want to be digging through your rattled brain for the name of the medicine your child takes , the dosage , and how often she takes it .
when it left new delhi on sunday but quickly began arguing with the conductor , insisting they were on the wrong train .
i felt it was an invitation , said caroli , who quit her job at a real estate agency in milan , moved to rocinha , married and opened a pre school .
storms spawning tornadoes killed people in three states .
despite hopes that he would be able to resume his farewell tour this year , his health has not allowed him to return to the stage .
it called for leaders of nations concerned to meet on the korean peninsula and agree an end to the war .
brown said he would also attend the opening ceremonies for the olympics because london was hosting the next summer games in .
that same kind of folksy , common man approach , he said .
government is a technical undertaking , like the building of rocketships or the organizing of railroad yards .
monday s discussions in beijing were the first since china cancelled a summit with japan last month amid increasingly frosty ties .
the police asked the court to issue an arrest warrant for three teenagers on charges of attempted murder .
about a hundred lakes dot its highlands and plains .
staff at some of britain s busiest airports have voted to stage three strikes in the new year , their union said friday .
is the spidey franchise finished ? will maguire sign on for a fourth installment ?
would the ban crimp businesses like advertising and publishing ?
the hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park .
at least countries have reported their natural gas supply from russia has been cut or reduced as a result of the row .
federal investigators are studying a continental jet to find out why it left the denver runway , landing in a ravine and bursting into flames .
on tuesday , candles flickered and burning incense wafted through the church .
the bank of korea kept the call rate at . .
yanukovych supporters headed for the parliament building tuesday , and their rivals tried to organize counter rallies .
the supernova , known as sn gy , was believed to be about times as massive as the sun .
european shares notched up a seventh consecutive day of gains on monday in their longest rising stretch in almost nine months on a day of holiday thinned trade .
the river is fed by snow from the himalayas .
the benchmark nikkei index dipped . points , or . percent , to close at , . points on the tokyo stock exchange .
a runoff is expected on may .
south korea placed rd out of countries surveyed in a global corruption index , an international corruption watchdog said wednesday .
white house hopeful hillary clinton needs a big victory in tuesday s crucial pennsylvania primary election as she aims to regain ground on barack obama in the race for the democratic party s u . s . presidential nomination .
when you said yes i will sit down with all my enemies , we re gonna sit around the table , we re gonna work this thing out , weiss said , sir , that was not naivet eacute that was wisdom .
but nobody in asia does culture well .
the us installed afghan government has given them hours to leave and the un has said that it will comply with the request .
they said tuesday that iranian agents and weapons are fueling the ongoing strife there and that further u . s . troop withdrawals will have to wait .
o neal particularly wanted to tell fellow soldier kevin tillman , who was in the convoy traveling behind his brother at the time of the incident in afghanistan .
the latter often open in controversial circumstances
in the past or years world economies have taken two billion people of poverty . we have the chance to do amazing stuff , the cycle will turn one way or the other , he said .
bears are not a problem in more remote areas of the state .
and they make him happy
all i can say is that , bit by bit , i feel more sorry for him , kampusch , now , said in a minute documentary aired on austrian television monday night to mark her first year of freedom .
the reworking acknowledges that the initial plan was insufficient to reverse aig s slide .
south africans are mourning the loss of miriam makeba
taping over the egg hole , researchers let the eggs incubate until they were about days old , halfway to hatching but just large enough to tell what the still forming birds beaks looked like .
prosecutors also say pichushkin confessed to the murders in police custody .
emergency masks displayed on the trains may be no more than decorations with little use .
a helicopter crew that arrived late saturday found about a dozen of the whales injured but alive , said warwick brennan , a spokesman for the service .
they re destroying the pakistanis ability to connect with denmark . it is completely unacceptable .
its first foray into the european market .
the uri majority among the plaintiffs was bolstered by members of the democratic party and the far left democratic labor party .
but the other networks are so intimidated by the most watched show on american television that they don t really schedule anything around idol anyway , he added .
he said his concern was not just as south korea s foreign minister but also as the next u . n . secretary general .
the government will release its initial estimate of first quarter gdp in late april .
until now , president pervez musharraf has balked at calls for a united nations inquiry .
when they don t , the airline grounds them without pay until they shed the excess pounds .
he had a u . s . visa but did not have travel permission from authorities , razon added .
health minister anbumani ramadoss wants to enforce a special health policy for employees in the information technology industry .
going private means we can bring laser like focus to our business and make the long term investments needed to compete , lasorda said .
but the korea times reports he accused the stalinist state of international provocations with a series of missile and nuclear tests .
the explosion marks the deadliest attack against the u . s . military since five soldiers were killed january in a roadside bombing in mosul .
hunting birds to bigger prey such as the blesbok , a white faced african antelope that is similar in size to the deer species the tigers hunt in china .
a suicide car bomber , meanwhile , detonated himself near a nato convoy in kandahar , but there were no injuries among the troops , said lt . desmond james , a canadian officer at the scene .
people will get a chance to see her from beginning to end , without being edited .
junot diaz , a year old native of the dominican republican who moved to new jersey as a boy , won the fiction prize for the brief wondrous life of oscar wao .
the trial , which resumed amid fresh violence , was adjourned until march th .
the soldiers will be dispatched with a six month service term in iraq .
apple s iphone , released in the united states two months ago , was engineered to operate for the first two years only on the at t system through an exclusive arrangement between apple and at t .
the airbus statement did not say how many people were thought to be on board .
nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan foreign minister moses wetang ula said hopes were high that former u . n . secretary general kofi annan can start a dialogue to help resolve kenya s political crisis .
the methane could have come from past or present subsurface microorganisms , geological activity or comets striking the planet , scientists and nasa officials said .
i don t think geraldine ferraro s comments have any place in our politics or in the democratic party . they are divisive , he told the allentown morning news .
if al masri is given a prison sentence following a u . s . trial , he would return to england to complete the rest of his sentence there before flying back to be imprisoned in the united states .
when she left the hospital , eight hours after a normal delivery on march , she was swarmed by villagers , said sabir ali , the director of saifi hospital .
to reduce the risk of contracting salmonella or other foodborne illnesses from cantaloupes , the fda recommends
the race , billed as a referendum on democracy , was one of the most keenly watched and closest fought elections since the territory was returned to china a decade ago .
thirty five so called quake lakes were created by the . magnitude quake .
the pope decided in october to dismiss maurice blackwell , and the archdiocese of baltimore received the official paperwork earlier this month from the vatican .
the suspect , who was not identified , was charged with distributing pornography at his arrest on tuesday , and released on his own recognizance pending further investigation .
could playing computer games enhance mental agility enough to turn people over into better drivers ?
russia has not pointed missiles towards europe since the end of the cold war .
instead of a statesman retiring with respect , he is finishing his political life scorned or ignored by his countrymen .
the bus , carrying senior citizens from hopsten , in northwestern germany , came off the road at about p . m . gmt .
but the mere fact that negotiations started was seen as a step forward .
the government last year announced a monthly pension of for serving and retired kumaris .
the fbi has been trying to tackle networks of zombies for some time as part of an initiative it has dubbed operation bot roast .
speaking to abc s this week , obama argued that the result in south carolina speaks extraordinarily well , not just for folks in the south , but all across the country . i think people want change .
richardson , now governor of new mexico and former us ambassador to the un , said north korea now wanted to focus on a civilian nuclear program
gsk said singapore recently came up with a better offer and that the city state would listen to all the company s requirements , including the location .
a half dozen pirates got a bit of a shock when security agents on an italian cruise ship returned fire as the pirates tried to board the ocean liner last night off the coast of somalia .
it had the look and feel of a monumental and historic event , cnn s brian todd reported .
the election could also have far reaching consequences for the south s relations with north korea .
also the campaigns and independent groups working here are making aggressive outreach efforts through phone banks and canvassing .
it will then spend three months scooping up soil and ice , and analyzing the samples in minuscule ovens and mixing bowls .
she s attacking barack obama for his connections to william ayres , the founder of the weather underground .
the second way that he learns is much more
by the time the bush team went public with the news last week , it was also trying to reassure citizens and allies that this standoff would be addressed , at least for now , with diplomacy , not military might .
the group played songs , four from its new album no line on the horizon .
officials closed all schools in bedford county for cleaning this week .
the militant was involved in weapons smuggling , she said .
it is such a topic of concern that bear biologists from around the eastern united states and canada are meeting in west virginia next month to discuss ways to manage conflict between bears and people .
the key to fred armisen playing barack obama on saturday night live
the democrats wanted us troops to have time off between tours in iraq equal to their month deployments .
my friends are very happy , pailin jampapong , a year old bangkok housekeeper , told the associated press as she jumped up and down .
the fair trade commission ftc on thursday told online shopping malls , including all the big names , to stop taking advantage of customers ignorance of consumer protection law .
laurel herter wishes she d canceled the college tour trip as soon as she heard the dismal forecast .
president pervez musharraf said the attack was a conspiracy against democracy .
al hashimi was invited to washington during a recent phone call with bush .
but if you count clinton s to edge among superdelegates , clinton is still leading the democratic race , to , , according to cnn s sunday calculations .
their brother , the sole surviving sibling of the family , was released from hospital on monday .
the incident occurred about p . m . saturday at the discovery cove area of the park , according to a statement by sea world spokeswoman becca bides .
the head of the fdic says the agency is standing behind the citigroup agreement .
it was a relatively inexperienced crew
he argued that the retired generals , kowtowed to the united states in the past while not pursuing a more independent military capability and are now opposing the transfer of military command .
israeli health officials don t have a cure for swine flu , but they do have a new name for it .
the thing i never expected was to actually be in libya face to face with colonel gadhafi , rice said . that probably stands out as one of the extraordinary moments .
it brings up the question of what
fifth seed razzano defeated eighth seed flavia pennetta of italy .
this concerns a short piece of animation which we used as part of the logo launch event and not the actual logo .
we can t know for certain why that is , which is why we are taking all necessary precautions in the event that the virus does turn into something worse .
potentially embarrassing or compromising scenes like these are raising questions about whether the internet s leading search engine has gone too far in its latest attempt to make the world a more accessible and transparent place .
campus police initiated the investigation about a year ago , after a student s fatal overdose in may , said university president steve weber .
puglia has some of the brightest seas , most diverse art and architecture , most mouthwatering peasant cuisine and kindest people in all of italy .
and , with keegan watching from the stands , newcastle cruised into the fourth round of the fa cup with a win over stoke city despite playing most of the match with just men .
societe generale s cross town rival bnp paribas said thursday it is considering a bid for the french bank , weakened by a fraud scandal that has cost it billions .
some past oscar shows , including last year s , have topped four hours .
a zurich police task force , which includes an art expert , had received tips from around the world , police said .
kim kyung jun , a korean resident in the u . s . , established a korean branch of an investment firm bbk in , and made profits by raising stock prices by spreading false rumors .
only a few other preserved frogs have been found in chunks of amber a stone formed by ancient tree sap mostly in the dominican republic .
obama also received the endorsement of the . million member united food and commercial workers union thursday afternoon .
she rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her .
rooney is a lifelong republican , but endorsed obama during the pennsylvania primary .
this is only greenland . but antarctica and glaciers around the world are responding as well .
many of the accidents are blamed on mine owners who disregard safety rules and fail to invest in required ventilation , fire control and other equipment .
the report was put out by the aclu of southern california .
put it on jesus after the cross .
roh and kim will announce a joint declaration this morning to sum up the three day summit .
today s space walk , the th of on the repair mission , is expected to take more than hours to complete .
america s attitude toward food is changing , too .
australian olympic heroes ian thorpe and ron clarke will be two of the bearers as it makes it way through canberra , while elsewhere national sporting champions , members of the public , as well as the inevitable corporate sponsors , will be taking their turn holding the specially designed torch .
the dow jones industrial average charts lost . percent . the broader s p charts index lost . percent .
the ruling uri party suffered a crushing defeat in crucial weekend by elections as it failed to win a single parliamentary seat while the main opposition grand national party swept up five seats , undermining president roh moo hyun s push to pass controversial reform bills that include abolition of anti communism laws .
the israeli military carried out three airstrikes in gaza on sunday
the attacks came amid a weekend of violent clashes between coalition forces and insurgents in diwaniya , falluja and eastern baghdad s sadr city neighborhood .
the united states urged north korea on sunday to invite international inspectors back and begin shutting down a nuclear reactor , but the top u . s . negotiator repeated that washington would give pyongyang a few more days .
the mccain campaign says all the tailored new clothes the republican party bought for sarah palin after she joined the ticket , will go to a charitable purpose after the campaign .
al zawahiri defended a december attack in algeria hospital sources said it killed people because one of its targets was a united nations building and the united nations is an enemy of islam and muslims , according to the transcript .
what appears on television screens and through the media here and there is untrue , a man identified as a spokesman for the army of islam in gaza told al jazeera television .
the boy also fed several live animals to terry by throwing them over the two fences surrounding the crocodile s enclosure , at one point climbing over the outer fence to get closer to the giant reptile .
the statement which , unlike a resolution , requires the consent of all council members to be adopted was issued by ghana s un ambassador leslie christian , the council s president .
the man s remains lie on a table .
the u . s . state department said in a recent report that poppy production in afghanistan was at record levels , a grim assessment for nato led troops fighting taliban militants .
a music and pop culture staples since the s is turning a page .
chung mong koo , chairman of hyundai motor group , and sonny perdue , the governor of georgia , signed the agreement at hyundai kia s headquarters in seoul yesterday .
north korea is prepared to cooperate with the u . n . nuclear watchdog in its mission to shut down the country s nuclear facilities , according to a report made available to the associated press .
his right hand was bandaged and his left hand held a cell phone .
so far , just four percent of the site has been excavated , the university said .
officials at the chosun ilbo declined comment yesterday .
a battle royale over an estimated million treasure that a florida deep sea salvage company found last year is due for a fresh round in court in florida on monday
has music always been an interest of yours ?
summit entertainment , a u . s . movie production company that has released hit movies in the past , has signed a deal with prime entertainment for the rights for seven days .
i was a little bit disappointed in the overall ruling , because we figured we was going to get more , but i m happy that that part of the case is over , said lorrie triplett , , of suffolk , virginia , whose husband , andrew , died on the cole .
the cho family , who emigrated from south korea in , lived in centreville , virginia , in the washington suburbs . they left their home and went into seclusion after police arrived to search for evidence monday night .
fawcett , a well known celebrity photographer in sydney , is suing the sun herald newspaper for defamation over an article that said he was sydney s most disliked freelance photographer and was determined to wreak
ac milan , sevilla s opponents the super cup , expressed their condolences at the player s death , saying they were prepared to call off the game if necessary .
crew from protest ship esperanza said they were maintaining the chase as the whalers cannot hunt at the same time .
but that s the way it is with college tours .
accra , ghana cnn the u . n . chief warned sunday that the world must urgently increase food production to ease skyrocketing prices and pledged to set up a task force on a crisis threatening to destabilize developing nations .
the quakes sent frightened people running from their homes , deputy governor syamsudin said in the city of solok .
britain s navy has been criticized for initially lifting its restrictions to allow the sailors and marines to get paid for public appearances , book deals or interviews with news outlets .
for a fifth day , the israeli military paused for a three hour break from its assault on gaza to allow residents to pick up humanitarian supplies , a defense ministry spokesman said monday .
consumer healthcare products association is a trade group representing u . s . manufacturers and distributors of over the counter medications and nutritional supplements .
the category storm was upgraded from a tropical depression to a tropical storm at p . m . et thursday after days of strengthening .
the koreans , who are mostly women , were abducted one week ago in ghazni province , south west of the capital kabul .
the tenor also had three daughters from his first marriage .
president bush and south korean president lee myung bak opened two days of talks friday focusing on north korea s unfulfilled pledge to disclose its nuclear activities and a u . s . free trade deal with south korea that faces an uphill battle in congress .
the council plans to meet in sacramento in march to discuss possible restrictions , including a complete closure of the salmon season that begins in may .
un aid convoys entered the camp to deliver food and water , but one was forced to leave after shells exploded near its vehicles .
friday was already going to be a professional day for faculty and will now be devoted to figuring out how to go about resuming classes on monday .
fouad siniora said more than people had been killed and , others displaced in a week of israeli attacks .
despite its solemn image , the national assembly is also a place where rival lawmakers swear at each other and scuffle
but the stakes for america are never small .
the report surveyed more than mail users in britain and included experiments related to patterns of letter and e mail sorting .
low levels of physical exercise were more closely tied to obesity than any habitual eating pattern .
his father has said he believed he could not care for him alone , and that placing him in an orphanage was the best way to ensure david s survival .
that appetite for escapism is most colorfully expressed in the phenomenon of cosplay , which sees teenagers dress as characters from cartoons and comic strips , or in the outlandish uniforms of various distinctive subcultures .
the sri lankan government delegation says the tigers refused to meet them .
the japanese american lawmaker said the purpose of this resolution is not to bash or humiliate japan .
the film maker responsible . . . has now confirmed that the film does not portray the moment of malcolm s passing , which was in fact some days later , shaps said in a statement .
opposition leader shimon peres said on tuesday he feared israeli extremists might try to assassinate prime minister ariel sharon , the target of growing far right fury over a planned withdrawal from gaza next year .
redskins owner daniel snyder said tuesday that team members will wear a special patch on their uniforms , and taylor s number , , on their helmets , during this weekend s game . watch a vigil outside hospital monday night raquo
del rio says he ll pay , about , to clone the stud , including the company s fees , plus transportation and other costs .
south korean media reported two fuel trains collided at a north korean railroad station near the chinese border thursday , igniting a deafening explosion that rained debris for more than miles around .
now , they come for handouts from tourists .
astronomers say computer programs have been unable to reliably classify the star systems .
six others were wounded in the incident at the al umariya school in rafah , near the gaza egypt border , the sources said .
despite the secrecy ahead of the effort , elaborate technical plans are in place so that china s official television network cctv can broadcast the ascent live .
more than people taking part in the banned march were detained by police .
los angeles , california cnn marion ravenwood might have been speaking for us all when she set eyes on indiana jones for the first time in years .
he admitted to everything , he wanted to have fun , police inspector carlos augusto nogueira said . but he committed no crime at all , it was immoral at best .
it expects around a . trillion won decrease in tax income for the government up to .
it looks and feels like it s legitimate e mail because it s from your co workers .
correa increased by million the million he already had allocated for the emergency efforts .
this latest influx of refugees in chad aggravates an already deteriorating security situation across this politically unstable region of africa .
about the size of manhattan , it s !
in his last email dated may , he said , i find myself looking at the calendar more and more often because of my vacation date .
but it s also a visit to a place left behind in a cold war era , where the ideas of a generation ago are everywhere , on granite slabs and on the lips of communist minders .
another anxious morning on wall street
drugs such as levodopa can help reduce tremors and involuntary movements .
the transportation security administration , which already conducts sporadic deployments of security teams , called vipr teams , to train stations around the country , welcomed the amtrak initiative .
he suggested that his successor and national assemblymen begin their tenures simultaneously every four years beginning next year .
the united states and spain share concerns on many fronts , but spain is going its own way in its relations with cuba , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice says .
so we are not worried about the inspectors when they will be back in the country .
we believe that your plans . . . are a gross and disproportionate infringement upon civil liberties , copying the most ineffective , costly and risky practices on border management from around the world , the letter said .
ruecker said the united nations was talking with leaders in northern kosovo to discuss the violence .
the worldwide recall being announced thursday involves , plastic preschool toys made by a chinese vendor and sold in the united states between may and august .
she said inspectors visited the farm to carry out tests and that restrictions were placed on the farm late the same day .
in , maradona was hospitalized with a severe heart problem while vacationing in uruguay and tested positive for cocaine before undergoing drug rehabilitation in cuba .
brazilian sports minister orlando silva , national team coach dunga , veteran striker romario and renowned author paulo coelho were among those making the trip to zurich and the final decision was made by fifa s executive committee after a minute presentation .
smaller groups attacked police posts outside the turkish and british embassies in another part of the city but were beaten back , the associated press reported .
this is a really special event for us , melroy said .
cruise embraces that in the video .
you saw that little american girl u . s . assistant secretary of state for african affairs jendayi frazer trotting around the globe like a prostitute . . .
one side is that he has suffered amnesia , but the other side is that some criminal case has occurred , he said .
she and other minders shoveled snow and had no problem chatting freely with the southern visitors , who trudged up a path cut through thigh high snow wearing crampons and bright windbreakers .
massoud barzani , the leader of the autonomous kurdish region in northern iraq , also strongly opposes a turkish incursion and has threatened to confront turkish soldiers if they enter northern iraq .
an year old man called me the other day , offering to come up to seoul just to bow before me .
three are described as stable .
rocker pete doherty said wednesday that people close to him are insisting that he kick his addiction to drugs . the people i m closest to have had enough .
u . s . president george w . bush said he was deeply troubled about the decision .
he also said the man in the tape is wearing more rings than hendrix was known to wear .
the option of striking the satellite with a missile launched from an aegis cruiser was decided upon by president bush after consultation with several government and military officials and aerospace experts , said deputy national security adviser james jeffrey .
grand national party
rinku singh and dinesh patel are the first baseball players from india to sign a professional baseball contract .
a plane flown by record breaking us adventurer steve fossett is missing in the nevada desert .
bush tells fellow members of the nation asia pacific economic cooperation group , that there s been a sea change in the global economy
aerial video showed no apparent damage to the parking structure , where entrances were blocked while police , firefighters and federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agents investigated .
klaus got votes mainly from the ruling civic democratic party and its coalition partner , the christian democrats .
liverpool delivered a vital blow in the battle for fourth place in england s premier league with a victory over city rivals everton on sunday .
i want to go to korea as fast as i can .
quite simply they grinned from ear to ear .
senator edward kennedy was briefly hospitalized yesterday with a mild seizure that doctors think was caused by a change in medication .
ahmad said that he saw dozens of burned out cars as he drove home from work .
later in the day , ahmadinejad met iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki .
clues include odd or unusual behavior or details of a family tradition that s suddenly absent . about two years ago , mckeever and her four siblings realized their mother , anne goins , was repeating the same story to each of them , almost every minutes .
japan s chief cabinet secretary says tokyo expressed its concern to beijing . this is the latest salvo in a long running dispute between japan and china over oil and gas resources in the east china sea .
will ferrell as george w . bush .
people come here and talk about u . n . reform and conflict zones , he said .
nine eleven commission chairman thomas kean said the us government was ill prepared for the attacks and that confusion during the incidents resulted in military jets being sent in the wrong direction .
president roh moo hyun on wednesday paid a surprise visit to the zaytun unit in the northern iraqi town of irbil on his way back home from his european tour to encourage the south korean troops stationed there .
radio flyer s blend of cutting edge design and old fashioned products appears to be a successful recipe .
finally , moore s roommate cracked a joke and cho laughed . moore didn t take offense to cho s silence .
it is illegal for a woman to meet with an unrelated male under saudi s islamic law .
the korea herald reports no more slaps on the wrist for soldiers venturing up itaewon s hooker hill and to other areas known as places to buy sex .
this does not take into consideration the fans of the clubs and it gives the impression that they just want to go on tour to make some money , he said .
in an interview with the weekly itogi , medvedev suggested supporting russian actions that led the british council to suspend operations at its offices in st . petersburg and yekaterinburg , ap reported .
abdul sattar abu risha , who was , led what was known as the anbar awakening , an alliance of sunni arab tribes that rose up against the alleged presence of al qaeda in iraq .
the deal was announced tuesday .
police say the toddler is ok .
however , liverpool believe the move will present their supporters with significant problems and chief executive rick parry has put his worries in writing to uefa .
among them , , remains were cremated in crematoria in seoul and gyeonggi province , indicating many others were dealt with illegally .
another suicide bomber drove a van into a house being used by an advertising agency in a residential area known as model town , killing at least three people .
we praise those people who have lived through the impossible or succeeded where others would fail .
morgan , who was christa mcauliffe s backup on the tragic challenger mission , was scheduled to talk to students in massachusetts on sunday but that chat was canceled .
organizers of this year s events are focusing on raids by immigration officials that have separated some of the nation s illegal immigrants from their children , who are u . s . citizens if born in the united states .
i do know it s biological , mediated by melatonin .
soon after the cuts the international monetary fund imf warned the world was entering a major downturn and that many advanced economies are close to or moving into recession .
the seoul government said the slaughter was necessary to contain the disease .
whatever onomatopoeia you want to use , the result was the same
as for lone star , the board cleared its name , saying the government would not nullify the deal based on the data uncovered so far .
both concluded that the couple s driver , henri paul , was drunk , driving too fast and that the deaths were an accident . paul also died .
das insisted he is looking after the best interests of the boy , whose father died when he was seven months old .
authorities blamed the attack on rebel soldiers led by leader maj . alfredo reinado .
jobs , , co founded apple in and has been the driving force behind its turnaround in recent years .
while pressure to bear an heir to japan s males only throne was widely seen as one of the causes of masako s illness , the stress may have eased when her royal sister in law gave
houston , , and brown , , wed in , when she was at the height of her fame
the drivers had staged wildcat strikes and traffic blockages for two days to protest plans by city officials to grant new licenses .
police in the netherlands say they have cracked a crime ring which allegedly trafficked nigerian children into the west to work as sex slaves .
turkey is also among the world s main tobacco growers along with china , india , the u . s . and brazil , and one of the top exporters .
the nasdaq composite index dropped . points , or . percent , to close at , . .
data from the gps collars have given rubenstein and associates an unprecedented view of how grevy s zebras balance the opportunities for acquiring food and water with the risks of being killed by lions .
he made the remark not long after news emerged of a web site claim of responsibility by an insurgent umbrella group called the islamic state of iraq . al qaeda in iraq is in that group .
have a plan .
no matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , obama told supporters in texas .
the chicago tribune and the los angeles times are backing barack obama for president .
the . percent decline from , the first drop in years , was due to a mild winter followed by a cool summer , along with other factors ranging from greater industrial efficiency to increased capacity of nuclear power plants .
the iraqi official rejected syrian calls for an immediate withdrawal of u . s . led troops in the area .
the government scrapped the rule in february .
the mehdi army cease fire that has been credited with helping to reduce violence in iraq since august could end soon , a spokesman for the radical cleric who heads the shiite militia said wednesday .
both countries reached an agreement in that stipulates each will notify the other before conducting missile tests , and a pakistani government official told cnn that pakistan informed india about this latest test .
that ban would encompass most buildings of more than four or five stories .
paris , france cnn a suspected pedophile sought in a worldwide interpol manhunt has been identified and is believed to be in thailand , the international police organization said monday .
as long as the weather was fair , he would breeze into a town and lead thousands in a demonstration .
opportunity s first task will be to toe dip into the crater , a move that involves rolling its six wheels below the rim and immediately back out to gauge its footing .
all that drama makes sarah bunting , co founder of the web site television without pity , say ugh .
iran is already building a megawatt heavy water reactor in arak , central iran , based on domestic technology .
an announcement of the winner of the presidential election was delayed for weeks as opposition leader morgan tsvangirai claimed he had won .
ground forces first found what appeared to be a detention facility .
burma s official newspaper , the new light of myanmar , claimed the government was already on a path to democracy , and there was no need to be diverted .
the court now has only one female justice , and it has never had a hispanic judge .
two days later , rescue efforts were called off .
famously prolific and congenitally unsentimental , british director michael winterbottom is at his weakest supplying rote flashbacks to the pearls loving marriage .
of hu s tour of eight countries , half are in southern africa , and the trip is expected to counter some of the criticism by boosting already growing trade ties and to ensure that aid pledges made by the chinese premier last year at the china africa summit , such as reducing debt , increasing aid and cutting import tariffs , are carried out .
india and pakistan both claim kashmir and have fought two wars over it since independence , but began peace talks last year .
this week marks years since the six day war broke out . in the span of six days , israeli forces seized jerusalem and the west bank then under jordanian rule , the golan heights then under syrian rule , gaza then under egyptian control and egypt s sinai peninsula .
i think right now the market is grappling with the length and the duration of the recession , said wilson . stocks fell last week but managed to gain friday despite a brutal october jobs report and gm s massive quarterly loss .
the night sky crackled with flashing light and anti aircraft fire , reminiscent of the first gulf war in , as the tomahawk cruise missiles began dropping on baghdad once again .
if the international community will enforce real measures on the economy of iran . . . it is possible the iranians will reconsider their position , he said .
with oil costs surging to record levels and gasoline prices hovering around all time highs above . a gallon , paulson acknowledged that pain at the pump would diminish the impact of the stimulus payments that are designed to give the economy a jump start .
some senior administration officials floated homeland security chief michael chertoff as a possible replacement , but others waved cnn away from chertoff , saying that his nomination could run into problems because of his role during hurricane katrina .
a very dangerous phenomena is happening in russia s religious life .
the national safety council is advocating a total ban on using wireless phones while driving .
obama has the support of superdelegates to clinton s .
it escalated when she attacked two guests from another wedding party who came to her aid , police said .
hong kong ap eleven year old nicky lee doesn t mince words about the english language , spewing out a tirade in cantonese .
next , they will test the sensor in dogs with aneurysms to see how well it performs .
we need everybody capable of discovering an answer to put their minds to it today , branson said .
so she s decided to sell nearly all of her belongings in one massive auction on ebay .
grapes also offer polyphenols .
it s the first time south korea s labor body has thrown its support behind the candidate of the conservative party that has sided with conglomerates .
a lack of infrastructure has effectively held the market s development back .
we are feeding , people on a permanent basis , u . n . relief and works agency spokesman chris gunness said .
the decision came after the union s umbrella group , the korean metal workers union , announced that it would ignore the normal voting process and proceed with a walkout aimed at protesting against ratification of the agreement .
the bank did not release the figures for its first quarter , but is scheduled to report first half earnings in august .
i asked everybody to bring their favorite piece of music that signified joy to them , ma said . and out came all of these fantastic pieces .
talks were under way for authorities to allow six protesters to deliver the petition , should the crowd disperse .
the spokesman did not say when the troops would be allowed to leave their compound and resume reconstruction work .
barclays says tonight it s going to acquire lehman brothers north american investment banking and capital markets , for million in cash .
post election violence in kenya brought international pleas for calm wednesday amid mounting concerns over the legitimacy of president mwai kibaki s narrow victory in last week s vote .
retailers are reporting dismal sales in january .
kaymer was invited by europe s ryder cup captain nick faldo to join the team in valhalla
among them , percent were found to be in high danger or potential danger of addiction , requiring treatment .
authorities were alerted after a parishoner heard rustling and groaning coming from inside the confession box and pulled back the curtains to reveal a goth rock couple engaged in oral sex , ansa said .
the safe house was a simple building .
the party allied to thailand s ousted pm thaksin shinawatra has won the general election , initial results from the election commission show .
on political blogs , the invective flies .
some korean films have become favorites at international film festivals and korean directors have won critical acclaim .
ayman al zawahri said in the tape aired by satellite channel al jazeera that the new crusader campaign
baghdad , iraq cnn a female suicide car bomber attacked an iraqi security forces checkpoint in eastern baghdad on sunday , killing at least three iraqis and wounding , an interior ministry official said .
indian prime minister manmohan singh has vowed that no one can make india kneel , a day after a series of train bombings in mumbai killed people .
last fall she was arrested and fined in norway for possessing marijuana .
the initiative plans to broadcast millions of health messages every month to phones across south africa .
japan could slip from its position as the world s third largest economy behind the u . s . and euroland by .
they thought their fields were really high and wouldn t be reached by water , ding said .
i will stay in the country to help establish peace .
in successive five year development plans , indonesia has acknowledged the strains being placed on the environment by rapid economic growth .
tension has been escalating between the opposition party and the state prosecution over the ongoing investigation into lee s real estate deals .
cnn u . s . presidential candidates wednesday condemned saudi justice after a rape victim was sentenced to lashes and six months in jail .
when the crew members stormed the bridge , the deadly battle began .
i think that s a yes !
the brazilian midfielder hit a swerving shot from meters that flew over the wall and past goalkeeper patrick regnault , who had made several saves earlier to deny the six time defending french league champion .
his senate staff will spend that time coordinating with his replacement , advising constituents with open requests , and archiving documents for obama s presidential library .
the main opposition grand national party gnp filed a compliant against the two ministers with the prosecution last month , accusing them of using their public posts to campaign in favor of the ruling uri party .
well , we can say whatever we want , sir .
the complaints of the foreigners revolve around the two sets of rules for obtaining cell phones in korea one set for foreigners and another for koreans .
the korea times is reporting south korea s overall life expectancy reached years in , up . years from , thanks to improvements in health care and nutrition , and a rising interest in maintaining good health .
at , baez finds her voice may not have the sheer power it did in her s , but her political spirit is intact .
real captain raul stunned the stadio olimpico with an early goal but the hosts held their nerve to hit back and they take a vital lead to spain in two weeks time .
meanwhile , a government engineer overseeing nepal s suspension bridge division said the bridge should have been able to hold more than the , people believed to have been on it when it collapsed on tuesday .
islam said libya had been negotiating with france for a long time we have asked sarkozy to speed things up .
sharif himself is exiled from pakistan after musharraf ousted him in a bloodless coup in .
london , england cnn in many ways he s a typical war blogger
maybe dream come true is a cliche because cliches are true .
operators shut down the chernobyl nuclear power plant with the flip of a switch , closing the facility for good years after it spawned the world s worst nuclear accident .
cameras lowered into previous holes drilled into the mountain turned up no signs of the miners , and tests showed that oxygen levels in parts of the mine were too low to sustain human life .
zimbabwe s high court is considering a petition to force the country s electoral commission to release the results .
buhruz , iraq cnn u . s . forces have begun arming nationalist guerrillas and former saddam hussein loyalists and coordinating tactics in a marriage of convenience against al qaeda radicals in one of iraq s most violent provinces , senior u . s . commanders tell cnn . this new alliance , a result of the deepening divisions among iraqi insurgent factions , was on display earlier this week at a highway intersection in the town of tahrir .
of the , afghans who auditioned last year for the show s fourth season , only were women .
i myself looked at some of the samples of these problematic toys , and i found that there is a serious problem with the design .
this is our victory , said the woman , who was interviewed by cnn but would not allow her face to appear on camera because of security concerns . iraqi state television showed the players , draped in iraqi flags , hoisting pewter cups aloft as they reached out for the main trophy held by a player on a dais that had been set up in the field .
volcker to head board of economic experts
spitzer , who has not been charged , went before reporters monday to confess to an undisclosed personal indiscretion , saying he had acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family , that violates my or any sense of right and wrong .
before that , a return to pennsylvania , where he campaigned yesterday , and a late night rally in crucial florida .
as a kid growing up , you didn t like them , torre said on wfan radio in new york less than an hour before the hiring was announced .
the foreign office insisted miliband s decision
no change in the present market expectations is called for in the message of the governing council . . . nothing at all , trichet told a news conference .
new york cnn jennifer lopez and marc anthony have reportedly named their newborn twins max and emme .
cairo , egypt cnn omar bin laden has a message for his father , osama find another way .
darling is the highest ranked british official to visit china since prime minister gordon brown s office said last week he would skip the opening ceremonies of the beijing olympics in august .
davis and others announced the winner at east tulsa dodge , where the car had been on display the past week .
but taiwan president ma ying jeou has been cultivating ties with the mainland since winning office in march .
the dow is down points .
and i look forward to working with him in the years ahead , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois .
daimlerchrysler ag transferred an . percent stake in chrysler to new york based cerberus , one of the world s largest private equity firms , in a . billion deal .
he declined to describe the device , but said initial reports that it was inside a backpack were wrong .
warner had been the largest media company releasing videos in both formats , until now steering clear of a struggle that , reminiscent of the vhs vs . beta fight in the early s , has left many consumers confused and waiting to see which technology will emerge as the industry standard .
the day stock rally stirs some optimism on wall street .
sarah palin back on the national stage , attending the republican governors association meeting in florida , where the governors are considering what steps can be taken , now that the election is over .
rustam pakaya , the top disaster official at indonesia s health ministry , said in a statement that one child had died and other people were injured by the quakes . he gave no more details .
bernie the swindler , lesson return stolen property to rightful owners .
the korea times reports that , in a delicate shift from its hawkish stance ahead of the presidential election , the main opposition grand national party gnp wednesday said it would consider inviting , workers in north korea to the south for vocational training programs on the free market economy .
if you happen to touch someone at the fax machine , you run the risk of being sued .
beds are , you know , mattresses are pretty much all wet and dressers , you know on the bottom and there s mud everywhere , thick mud .
gibbons arrest was announced in arabic on the state run news agency s web site .
sen . barack obama sought sunday to use his south carolina victory to expand his appeal , saying the first southern primary reflects what americans are looking for .
al gore , who has reversed his political fortunes to become a potential contender in the presidential race , made an emotional return to congress wednesday in an appeal for an even more dramatic rescue saving the planet .
security inside the green zone has been compromised in recent weeks , prompting the u . s . defense department to require all personnel to wear body armor and helmets when outside buildings , a source said .
more than million copies of the first six books have been sold worldwide , helping to make rowling the first dollar billionaire author .
between our interview with charlie gibson on abc and katie couric on cbs , sarah palin really did underscore a number of the concerns that people had initially articulated .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
the annual festival , which takes place in the summer , has just celebrated its second anniversary and attracted films from as far afield as australia and united states .
more than , police were patrolling the park where bhutto s convoy passed last thursday , and government snipers patrolled each building s rooftop , musharraf said .
and the cia itself is looking into the issue .
nadi , believed to be more than years old , was brought from africa in and was part of a group maintained at the dvur kralove zoo in the czech republic .
and these input methods will be supplemented by speech recognition , which , along with biometric security , will be built into the os of future .
after initially climbing onto a bus , maradona returned to the entrance of glasgow airport and signed autographs , including on a poster of his famous handball goal against england .
bhutto has previously said she is considering returning as pakistan s prime minister under musharraf s government if he steps down as head of pakistan s military .
the plant uses the chemical during its production process , she said .
the judge was forced to suspend proceedings after just minutes amid the objections , in what is reportedly the largest child welfare case in us history .
president bush described as excessive the month prison sentence libby was facing for having obstructed an inquiry into the leaking of a cia agent s name .
edward bullard , the plate s sponsor , said people who believe in their college or university or believe in their football team already have license plates they can buy .
the meeting of the member world bank board on tuesday will have the final say on wolfowitz s future .
independents also showed a strong showing as many as are expected to win this time , compared with just four years ago .
new delhi , india cnn some tibetan exiles protesting chinese religious policies stormed the chinese embassy in new delhi on wednesday , with several breaching the front gate and chaining themselves to the flag pole inside , police and witnesses said .
suu kyi s lawyer , jared genser , said he did not know how long the confinement would be but he added any length of time would be illegal because myanmar s law states suu kyi could only be held in confinement for five years .
the gnp s success in the voting on saturday increased its seats to in the member national assembly and blocked uri from regaining a majority and the ability to ram through legislation .
asked why former weapons inspector david albright and other experts have said syria was not close to getting the reactor functional , the u . s . official said such comments are coming from people who are only half read in on the intelligence .
police believe abu dujana s arrest will deal a major blow to the organization .
more than , people were killed or disappeared during his military rule .
opposition party leaders , including anwar , called the mass meeting to protest alleged fraudulent activity in the electoral process .
so they didn t go really to take the children as hostage . it was incidental that they entered the school to hide themselves but in the process then to hide , they took those students hostage .
it was not immediately clear how sebire died .
ultimately to them , it s a game of revolving chairs . as long as they get to be in one , they don t care who s in the other one .
and it isn t just lending them moral support , but it s putting pressure on financial institutions like the bank of america as well as making sure that we have our court system enforce the federal laws so these workers are getting what they re entitled to under the law and under what is the right thing to do .
we offer our deepest condolences to barack obama and his family as they grieve the loss of their beloved grandmother .
in moscow , kiosks for adding money to your cell phone seem far more common than atms .
i was going to try to give back to people who didn t have any hair .
authorities say four men were arrested after planting what they thought were explosives near two synagogues .
this will push hong kong toward an era of tyranny , said w . c .
he said he would decide within the next month whether to seek the death penalty .
and mr bush s republicans deserved to lose control of congress in last year s elections , he charges .
sherchan was just days away from his th birthday , chetri said .
in our imaginations , there are gorgeous bronze statues everywhere .
now it is all smiles for prax sanchez
the swiss based wrestling body opened its own investigation and published their verdicts on thursday .
with bush s plan to increase troop levels in iraq under way and a new team of generals in place , the creation of one point of contact for all the agencies and departments involved is timely , the official said .
they are currently leading their asian qualifying group for the world cup and appeared at the last world cup in .
last week , lohan checked out of a rehabilitation center after more than six weeks . it was her second stint in rehab this year .
bush also said he is thrilled to have a front row seat in an unbelievable moment in american history . and i was deeply touched by a lot of people i saw on election night with tears streaming down their face and saying , i never , ever thought i would see this day coming .
television footage showed him walking out of a nearby cafeteria , where he had taken refuge , and stepping into an ambulance , flanked by emergency workers .
it was not immediately known if those killed in americus were patients at the hospital , he said .
on sunday , a german foreign ministry spokeswoman said she could only confirm that a german diplomat has left iran .
the pope had been due to give a speech at la sapienza university in rome thursday to open its academic year .
the dead zone in the northern gulf , at the end of the mississippi river system , is one of the largest areas of oxygen depleted coastal waters in the world . low oxygen , or hypoxia , can be caused by pollution from farm fertilizer , soil erosion and discharge from sewage treatment plants , according to the u . s . geological survey .
the comics videos on youtube have been viewed more than , times , they recently had a one hour special on comedy central and they currently are on a city tour with packed crowds .
cnn as election day inches closer , barack obama continues to hold a significant lead over john mccain , according to cnn s average of several recent polls .
the top chinese official in xinjiang has vowed to crack the whip on separatists and terrorists just a few days after an american human rights team visited the autonomous region .
people for the ethical treatment of animals peta , said the arrangement sounded like a way to assure good adoptive homes for greyhounds .
beyond dollars and cents .
remove the laundry hamper to a bathroom or closet .
a photograph taken at the scene showed the pilot , who ejected safely , sitting on the front lawn , making a call on his cell phone .
bhutto died of a gunshot wound to the neck , the pakistani interior ministry said .
a macau official said that most of the m frozen in the banco delta asia had now been moved elsewhere .
the company says the stations to be sold will continue to sell exxonmobil product .
the san francisco , california based foundation , which works to defend people s rights in the digital world , says it knows of more than a dozen cases in which electronic devices such as cell phones , blackberries , mp players and laptops have been searched by customs agents .
so sign up for a course in these fundamentals , as well as some more sophisticated ideas .
at the time of discovery , the girl s body was largely decomposed and it was difficult to identify her face , but yang s parents were able to recognize the eyeglasses , shoes and pants she was wearing on march , the day she disappeared .
these missiles are designed to be used on this peninsula , and these missiles , in general , appear to be performing as they are designed , he claimed .
users can also spool forward to see how rising sea levels might affect coastal regions in different regions of the world
his energy and warmth and curiosity envelop you like a blanket .
ze roberto added a second five minutes from the break and then toni added a third nine minutes from time to take his tally to eight goals for the season , level with strike partner miroslav klose who missed the match with a knee injury .
about four or five former defense ministers including kim sung eun and lee sang hoon said they will meet again today to lodge a protest over the government s move to speed up the process .
i ve been hearing it from the wife , coming to cabo during the hurricane season , said derek dunlap , a year old engineer from san francisco .
dna tests have shown that the husband of a japanese woman abducted by north korea is almost certainly a kidnapped south korean , japanese officials say .
hong yun sik , a staff member of park s camp , was arrested monday for requesting a retired police officer to provide him with details of lee s real estate dealings .
a strong aftershock on sunday killed at least eight people , injured about , others and destroyed more than , homes in china s sichuan , gansu and shaanxi provinces .
tan bin , , a resident in the shuimo township of wenchuan , said they had walked more than miles kilometers from wenchuan .
lee won , votes or . percent of the total eligible votes , while park received , or . percent .
minister ban expressed understanding of the inevitability of the u . s . plan , he said . kim said the u . s . wanted a brigade from the u . s . nd infantry division to be sent to the middle east with the number not to exceed , .
until now , karzai has pleaded with pakistan and international forces to take on the militants .
morgan stanley said in a statement it had conducted a complete re examination of its dealings with parmalat . . . and found that everything had been done correctly .
abe said on sunday he had no intention of staying on as leader if mps blocked the move , prompting some analysts to suggest he could be seeking an honorable excuse to step down .
rescuers used cranes to remove concrete slabs from the collapsed foot section to search for people feared crushed underneath , while frantic villagers gathered by the river to search for loved ones .
the korea times is quoting lee jong seok , deputy chief of the national security council , as saying it is inevitable for the united states to reduce its troops stationed in south korea due to the changing security conditions around the world .
but wallinger meticulously reproduced everything from haw s weather beaten poster decrying president bush and british prime minister tony blair as baby killers to the demonstrator s tarpaulin shelter and tea making area .
police believe the teenager had been held against his will in a town about sixty miles east of san francisco .
in some new court papers , his name appears on the list of possible defense witnesses who could take the stand this week .
the company unveiled the plans at its annual shareholders meeting in new orleans .
good tour organizers need to diligently navigate the traffic jams .
tens of thousands of refugees have yet to return home , and the country remains desperately poor , with percent unemployment .
the boy , who was in good health , reportedly said he was dropped off by his father , who was seen holding the youngster s hand as they approached the hospital .
rothley , england cnn madeleine mccann s father says the return of his family to britain without his missing daughter is heartbreaking but it does not mean they are abandoning the search for her .
israel s un ambassador , dan gillerman , praised the fair and balanced statement , and expressed regret for the tragic accident .
the automobile and society in brussels .
the official government count is at least , but hospital sources in algiers told cnn affiliate bfm tv that people were killed in the two blasts .
both parties will be fighting for every available vote , but they may be in short supply .
it was the first time in three years that suu kyi had been allowed to leave the house in yangon .
tensions also have increased between the two main sects of islam , sunnis and shiites , who come together in the five days of hajj rituals centered around mecca , the traditional birthplace of islam s prophet muhammad .
his professionalism earned him many accolades .
however , the globes often opt for star power as much as critical praise , which means that michael clayton , featuring george clooney s powerhouse performance , is also a likely pick .
it is the second contentious issue for the convention .
but us officials believe the payments comply with international trade rules .
paris , france cnn a paris court on tuesday convicted brigitte bardot of provoking discrimination and racial hatred for writing that muslims are destroying france .
gary ross recently laid off
federal agents have determined spitzer used the prostitute ring eight times in recent months and had him under surveillance twice this year , sources familiar with the investigation said wednesday .
the farc has justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long running and complex civil war that also has involved right wing paramilitaries , government forces and drug traffickers .
but in exit polls , the category of regular church goers those who attend services once a month or more were more likely to choose obama .
it said the princess was expected to be among guests celebrating the official birthday of queen elizabeth ii on saturday .
separately , students protested outside the university , carrying banners insisting the university is a lay institution and the pope is not welcome .
delta estimates that fuel could cost billion more in than in .
the dodgers visit the cubs in the national league .
the agency said all birds on the infected premises will be culled , including approximately , turkey , geese and over , ducks .
stem cell research in south korea will go on against the declaration of un , prohibiting human cloning .
most people , when they look to the skies , see friend or foe .
he returned to the country recently after living in exile for more than twenty years .
customers withdrew billion from the bank on friday , the financial times reported , citing an unidentified person described as close to the situation .
i got a bit caught up in the moment and forgot that , at the core of the rude comments and silly songs , were the real feelings of a beloved and brilliant comic actor and a very sweet and big hearted young woman .
a u . n . spokesman , lt . col . didier rancher , confirmed the clashes but had no word on casualties .
identified as muntadhar al zaidi , a journalist with al baghdadia television network could be heard yelling in arabic
with democrats controlling both houses of congress and the white house , house speaker nancy pelosi says they will hit the ground running to try to boost the economy , though the goal of having something ready by inauguration day will not be met .
a fifth soldier was wounded in the attack , which took place about p . m . p . m . et .
the chelsea captain was forced to watch from the sidelines at wembley and could be out for up to four weeks .
milo lopez , the associated press .
u . s . and iraqi forces have taken control of buhritz , about miles north of baghdad , several times over the past four years , only to see sunni insurgents take it back once they left .
tokyo is worried that chinese operations could tap into reserves japan claims as its own .
the president flew to the mountaintop retreat yesterday , to be joined by the extended bush family , including the former president .
but major general abdul qader jassim told reporters he could not say if there was any clue of the fate of at least nine foreign hostages still missing .
the ministry of education , science and technology said at a news conference monday that yi so yeon will replace ko san as the country s choice to fly on a russian soyuz capsule to the international space station in early april .
i m very very proud of my players .
obama thanked mccain for his graciousness and said he had waged a tough race .
topbas said that the building was listed as among those that needed to be demolished because their ability to withstand a strong earthquake was questionable .
oh yes , with the age of space tourism upon us , space fashion looks set to become the next step into this infinite world of adventure .
the energy efficient lights illuminate ceiling vaults inside the church , whose steeple was used to display two lanterns as a signal about british troop movements on april , the night described in henry wadsworth longfellow s famous poem , which included the line
that s because mastering a little oktoberfest etiquette such as learning where , when and how to eat and drink what is key to experiencing munich , germany s two week celebration of beer and bavarian culture .
refunds are available to people who request them , said park manager bill rosevear .
we have had hundreds of complaints from our clients in the last couple of days , said richard ford , technical director of candis group , a beijing based it company that processes hundreds of thousands of emails a day .
cowart and schlesselman made their initial appearances before a federal judge monday and are scheduled for a bond hearing thursday in memphis .
earlier thursday , a suspected tornado touched down at least twice in southern missouri , leaving one person dead and four injured , according to susie stonner of the missouri state emergency management agency . watch storm s path of destruction
it paved the way for the development of nuclear power , which , although controversial , has alleviated a portion of society s reliance on non renewable energy like coal and oil .
slated for release in spring , , black white is the work of lionhead studios , the new developing house founded by pc gaming legend peter molyneux .
xinhua reported monday that locations in lhasa were burned by rioters , including banks , a press establishment , shops , schools and hospitals .
the reds are a national league worst while the giants are .
many of the growing number of prostitutes in italy come from the former soviet union or nigeria and authorities say many are victims of human trafficking .
while other participating countries expressed understanding on this issue , the united states unreasonably vowed not to provide light water reactors , hyun said .
following u . s . appeals for solidarity in dealing with north korea , foreign minister ban ki moon made a pointed declaration yesterday that pyongyang needed to return to nuclear disarmament talks unconditionally .
another factor that may contribute to the good health of these people is their isolation .
at least seven people were killed and others wounded in a mortar attack and gunfire , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
turkey s military said monday that more rebels were killed in the fighting , bringing the militant death toll in its operation to .
the jump came after the government announced late wednesday that it was cutting a stamp tax on share transactions to . percent from . percent .
company says jobs will undergo a relatively simple treatment .
entwistle fled to england after the killings .
to improve your technique , christian suggests switching up your repertoire with different types of kisses
ivanko said the protesters also threw rocks , molotov cocktails , and firecrackers at police . nato troops responded with tear gas , ivanko said .
if you don t think you re getting anywhere with a sales associate , ask for the store manager or a supervisor .
advances in body armor have made protecting the core of a body easier , but more than percent of injuries in military and law enforcement conflicts today are to the extremities , said terry naughton , director of industrial security at blackhawk .
a court in paris decided friday that kerviel should be detained days after he was released following questioning .
prosecutors said they were still trying to determine how much money the suspects were asking for the human remains and ascertain whether any bodies actually had been sold .
the head of the town council in hopsten , johannes kramer , said the bus was carrying a group of local farmers on an annual tour , and that they were headed for the region around the eastern city of dresden .
citigroup had asked for this because it said that it had already had an agreement to buy wachovia .
technological innovation and financial gains feed on each other .
joining her on the nbc today show , former house speaker newt gingrich said republicans are ready
on sunday , the chadian refugees flooded the cameroon town of kousseri , which lies just across the border from n djamena , according to helene caux , a spokeswoman for the united nations high commissioner for refugees in geneva .
somali pirates are trained fighters , in some cases linked to powerful somali clans , outfitted with sophisticated arms and equipment .
a moscow jury convicted alexander pichushkin last week of murders and three attempted murders .
the united states on sunday urged north korea to completely and accurately disclose its nuclear weapons programs and any proliferation activities , with less than hours left before the initially agreed deadline for the north to do so .
three cabinet ministers on sunday said venezuelan president hugo chavez won a referendum on whether he can run indefinitely for reelection .
south korea also mobilized its top diplomat to tokyo , ra jong yil , to file a similar complaint with japan s foreign ministry .
house mice not native to the island are threatening the tristan albatross with extinction , the rspb said .
at the karbala news conference , one of moqtada sadr s aides read out a statement announcing that the mehdi army had suspended all its activities .
the more they are exposed to tobacco advertising , the more likely young people will try smoking , according to the who based on recent studies .
the threat exists , he said .
they re threatening to set a new record for december snow in the capital of north dakota
he did not specifically mention homosexuality in his speech , but his meaning was clear , and gay rights activists criticized the remarks .
it says the man returned home after his release about a year ago , then went to yemen to join the terrorist group .
even nice restaurants with minimum meals
after that my legs and hands got paralyzed and i lost hearing in one ear , the paper quoted him as saying .
the fundamentalist sunni fighters , armed with guns and rocket propelled grenades , struck about a . m . sunday p . m . saturday et .
it s likely that sleep deprivation plays a major role , he said .
the additives are particularly prevalent in the cereals , candies , sodas , and snack foods pitched to children .
she wants to take her back to texas to be buried with the rest of the family .
oil prices hit a trading record of . a barrel tuesday before falling back to settle at . .
human rights group decry the actions as politically motivated .
he initially did not believe his daughter when she said she had been stung by a scorpion , but then he saw it scurry underneath a box .
her son believes she was tortured and raped before being killed , the ap reported .
police apprehended saimon without incident after a hostage negotiator spoke with him for five or minutes , mccracken said .
dubai beach sex couple given three months in jail
the phoenix mars lander is due to launch some time between august and august from florida for a landing on the frigid northern plains of mars on may , , nasa officials and mission scientists said on monday .
after convictions in chad , the six were transferred to france to serve their eight year sentences . a chadian middleman was also sentenced to eight years .
beckham , , wife of british soccer legend david beckham , arrived in los angeles last week in a media blitz promoting the couple as style icons and mega celebrities both on and off the soccer field .
one slip of the tongue ruined lee s plan to come to south korea as a north korean spy and find his son .
the u . s . military death toll spiked last year as the u . s . troop escalation , dubbed the surge , was unfolding .
archaeologists digging in northern israel have discovered evidence of a , year old beekeeping industry , including remnants of ancient honeycombs , beeswax and what they believe are the oldest intact beehives ever found .
an islamic militant group has denied it beheaded a u . s . marine .
sens . barack obama and john mccain will win in wisconsin , cnn projects .
hefty spending on overseas trips and study could trigger a current account deficit in , deputy finance minister for international affairs kim yong duk said on tuesday .
ohmynews s influence was highlighted after an american military armored vehicle ran down and killed two south korean schoolgirls last june .
in pennsylvania , john mccain was critical of barack obama s recent statements that he wants to spread around the wealth .
british officials who visited the u . s . prison camp in guantanamo bay said the detainees spoke without inhibition to them and confirmed they were being treated well .
all five nominees seven if you count rascal flatts as three instead of one are men .
recent satellite images reveal that the ozone hole had shrunk considerably compared with the previous two years .
organizers predicted hundreds of thousands of demonstrators would participate in a mile march to union park , where an estimated , to , people protested last year .
many analysts view lee s remarks as an indication that the bok will lower its interest rate in a month or two for the first time since november .
this woman tells kdka tv the celebration is a blessing to a city suffering through hard times
but unlike the us , which only checks foreign visitors , japan will require foreigners living in japan to be checked each time they enter .
but as they did then , police said tuesday it was unclear if the damage was connected to the clashes .
a newborn in south florida named sanjae obama fisher born on election night
just ask steve demeter , developer of the popular puzzle game trism .
nothing , the year old said .
the meeting in baghdad will be the first public and formal meeting between u . s . and iranian representatives since the united states cut off diplomatic relations years ago .
in san francisco , there s a man picking his nose on a street corner , another fellow taking out the trash and another guy scaling the outside of an apartment building , perhaps just for fun or maybe for some more sinister purpose .
the killings , which police say were prompted when the daughter was forbidden to date one of the suspects , occurred in the alba , texas , home of terry and penny caffey on saturday morning . .
i felt i gave her the chances to open up the court , sharapova said . she was always the one getting the first hit on the ball .
working on a trawler s deck was hard and dangerous , but the pay was good .
it may also take two days to return power to homes in maine , officials said .
an autopsy will be conducted monday .
yousuf ahmadi , purported spokesman of the taliban , also said the taliban killed and threatened again to kill the other hostages unless the afghan government is ready to release the taliban prisoners by what they call the final deadline of a . m .
during waldheim s tenure from , austria was largely shunned by foreign leaders , and he never honored his pledge to be a strong president .
prince said he would be looking for a place to live for the duration of his stay .
played in , theaters , about fewer than the ice age sequel , making its box office performance even more notable .
this is special , maier , who is next sunday , told associated press .
on monday , howard said australia would send another military trainers to iraq , adding fuel to an already fiery political debate about australia s deployment .
doctors are struggling to contain a cholera outbreak .
growth in visitors is predicted to be around percent this year , more than double the world average .
after the killings , hundreds of yazidis took to the streets of bashika .
former fannie mae ceo jim johnson is heading up the search team and former deputy u . s . attorney general eric holder is also serving on the committee .
he added that it is not known whether complications arose during or after surgery .
the government decided to cut the screen quota by half and the decision will go into effect on july , finance and economy minister han duck soo said in a press conference at the kwachon government complex , south of seoul .
numerous flights were canceled at buffalo niagara international airport .
and he addressed concerns about the threat to national security that comes with the release of the detainees
we ve been told that water was the most crucial , she said .
darijo srna and ivica olic struck the goals as croatia , who had only ever beaten germany once before , produced arguably the first major upset of the tournament .
it s in the south china morning post every day . . . and i think people in hong kong , american citizens , if not hong kongers themselves , i think everyone is very energized with this election , said sandra collins de lange of the local league of women voters .
however , don t mistake honesty , which is admirable , for trash talking , which is despicable .
at least one doctor was arrested , police said , and at least two patients one from greece and the other from the united states initially were detained before being freed .
their products ranging from face packs to throat lozenges and medications to treat hair loss , diabetes and skin disease generate a big chunk of the estimated to million alternative therapy market in india s burgeoning beauty industry .
but fabiola de clercq , head of the italian association for the study of anorexia told the times newspaper that the image could encourage young women to copy caro and compete for extreme thinness .
how this debate plays out could determine whether this important industry survives
as you get more residential , you get a number of supporting services , and that s probably the reason for the number of restaurants that we have and the level of activity that s occurring , crawford says .
north korea had been expected to announce its steps in implementing the six party agreement upon confirmation of the money transfer .
and the ap s tim maguire tells us more about the captain
but because the democratic delegates are allocated proportionally , the race appears to be headed to the party s convention in august .
and there cotte found the evidence he sought a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow .
no one was injured and the car was later fished from the lake .
the result is from the berlin based transparency international s ti annual corruption perception report .
by building the cars in the u . s . , bmw can save money on the lower dollar and on wages since its south carolina workers make less than german workers , gardner said .
fast moving river saturday while trying to pick up a ball .
the mediterranean diet is a heritage that should be protected and shared , paolo de castro , a former italian agriculture minister , said earlier this year .
the health ministry said one in two regular french smokers died of a smoking related illness , and about , non smokers die each year from secondhand smoke .
demand for mercedes car group vehicles was strong in asia , where sales rose percent , while in the united states sales edged up percent .
what the pope meant to say was that in god s eyes , a person is born either man or woman .
she s shared the screen with john travolta , bill murray , steve buscemi and hilary swank in roles that have seen her as an outcast , action star and little girl lost .
the actual building of the product was about to percent done at startup weekend , brown said .
libya agreed tuesday to pay million to some victims of a bloody terror bombing at a berlin disco nearly two decades ago , making another step in libyan leader mohammar gadhafi s effort to rebuild relations with the west .
to all those who can hear me , i ask them to immediately stop all this behavior , socialist party chief francois hollande said tuesday on rtl radio .
she tells nbc s today show about the potential impact of the industry going wheels up .
manhattan , new york
heavy rain was forecast to continue to hit large swathes of china through the weekend , including the huai river basin .
i think the human race has no future if it doesn t go into space .
witnesses reported seeing the model truck with chrome tubular running boards on santiago canyon road on sunday afternoon , about the time the santiago fire started .
cnn same sex couples in california may be able to obtain marriage licenses on june , state officials said wednesday .
the chosun ilbo said they also asked those who are now in dangerous regions to return home or withdraw to safe neighboring countries as soon as possible .
the plane took off from douala , cameroon s commercial capital , and its wreckage was found just miles from the town s outskirts .
obama team reviewing virtually every agency , aide says
there were more than guesses , ranging from zero to billion , written on a paper list and postcards inside a time capsule buried in the concrete vault , supposedly tough enough to withstand a nuclear attack .
he said policy makers must be flexible and pragmatic .
we re also expecting additional stockpiles of drugs from the cdc that are on their way here .
some republicans had argued police killers and terrorists should still be eligible for execution , but democrats , who control both houses , backed the change .
samarra is the site of a february attack on al askariya mosque , revered by shiites .
the first asked her parents to look after her husband and young daughter .
the oktoberfest brews , which are pale ales , tend to be light and sweet with low carbonation .
the official , who spoke under condition of anonymity , said the agency concluded that baitullah mehsud the leader of the pakistani taliban who has ties to al qaeda was behind the attack .
winkler is seeking custody of her three daughters , or at least frequent visits .
it s expected to go on sale in europe later this year and in asia in .
they are protesting a law passed earlier this year allowing universities more freedom to attract private funding and raise tuition .
but public spaces are important and the quality of the time you spend there .
earlier , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , who has pledged his support for any military decision to stage an incursion into iraq , said the army had not yet asked parliament for permission .
argentina was one of the first countries to widely implement fingerprint records .
odyssey marine exploration said friday it had discovered the ship along with gold and silver coins worth an estimated us million somewhere in the atlantic ocean .
we ve never had an escape from a supermax prison , and that s where these guys will go .
at the moment , critics have tried to diminish senator obama through the exaggeration of certain of his comments and relationships , said the new jersey native , in a statement posted on his web site wednesday .
roh s weeklong trip , which begins on may , comes amid heightened tensions over north korea s suspected development of nuclear weapons and rising calls in washington for the united states to cut its troops presence in south korea .
suicide attacks by women are becoming more prevalent .
a los angeles court official has delayed the arraignment of anna nicole smith s lawyer turned boyfriend and a psychiatrist who treated the former model .
and radio flyer also has its own in house computer numerical control , or cnc , machines that create prototypes right on site .
sixteen rockets were fired wednesday and on tuesday .
arafat denies the charge .
get ready , because a new offensive is coming , chavez said after breaking into a news conference being given by the military high command to address issues surrounding sunday s vote . if the people collect the signatures , the reform can be submitted for a referendum again .
women had certain dresses and jackets to wear just for flying in the airplane .
ibrahim said opec agreed to vigilantly monitor fluctuations in the volatile global crude market .
in an interview on fox news sunday , he said new york federal reserve president tim geithner and former treasury secretary larry summers are among the those people .
we respect the people s choice shown in this election , presidential spokesman chen ho se on said in a statement , ap reported .
under the bill , which must be signed by president bush , lawmakers must disclose donations from lobbyists .
however , in defense , the dutch looked shaky and an error from joris mathijsen allowed nicklas bendtner to control the ball in the area and set up poulsen for the equaliser .
the wife of the former senator who ran for president tells oprah winfrey that s a complicated question .
most reports of the kidnap say mr kim s death was averted by the timely arrival of a us plane , which over flew the boat and scared the abductors .
a two week absence would also rule cech out of premier league meetings against wigan and everton .
afghan president hamid karzai told chirac during their phone conversation that the relevant authorities will do their best to secure their release , said karzai spokesman karim rahimi .
each passenger left a footprint of . tons of carbon dioxide , enough to drive an average car , kilometers , miles .
at the meeting , south korean unification minister lee jae joung pressed the north to implement a february pledge made with the u . s . and four other countries to take initial steps to disarm .
the quick turnaround comes only days after the united states removed north korea from its list of states that sponsor terrorism .
after a night at the lodge , we decided to tackle the hiking opportunities offered by dominica s wild , mountainous interior .
does this mean you re trying to have a pretext for war ?
a train carrying reusable solid rocket booster segments for the space shuttle derailed in western alabama wednesday , leaving at least two people injured , a nasa spokeswoman said .
israeli foreign ministry spokesman arye meckel said the gaza strip continues to receive percent of its electricity supply directly from israel , which would not be affected , and another percent from egypt .
in tv s worst spring in recent memory , a startling number of americans drifted away from television the past two months
north korea , in its first reaction to evidence south korean scientists conducted tests to enrich uranium , has accused seoul of accelerating a nuclear arms race in northeast asia .
cnn a new zealand teenager has been questioned in connection with a scheme by hackers to remotely take over more than million computers worldwide and use them for criminal activity , new zealand police and the fbi said thursday .
asian nations are beginning to focus on the reconstruction needs of myanmar , devastated by cyclone nargis in early may , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon said wednesday .
says general motors .
samsung fined m for price fixing in us .
the worldwide release of the movie is scheduled for may .
as it grapples with problems in the u . s . economy .
india abstained from voting , declaring parts of the resolution reached new levels of intrusiveness in issues which are rightfully the mandate of sovereign states .
rowling s fantasy series has sold more than million copies worldwide .
australian police had posted a a million , reward for information leading to his arrest .
this year , three films shared the festival s prestigious new currents award , and of those only flower in pocket from malaysia was not shot on mm film it was shot on digi beta .
at least people , including children , are dead , many others wounded .
korea s top finance regulator has expressed alarm about intensifying competition among banks to attract customers at the risk of low profits , saying he feared it could lead to a collapse of the whole industry .
the girl boarded the ride monday at the theme park in marne la vallee east of the french capital , and when the ride stopped , her friends found her unconscious , boterman said .
meanwhile , robben , who has suffered a string of injuries this season , scored as madrid beat osasuna on sunday to retain their spanish league title .
conatser said his store , virginia arms company , has run out of some models
the two sides probably will pursue more negotiations on a deal that would resume beef exports from the united states to south korea , according to the report from the yonhap news agency .
medvedev is expected to capitalize on the success of putin s tenure as president , who remains incredibly influential and powerful in russia .
hutchins , a year old graced with poise and thoughtfulness , is one of many teenagers who say that some part of popular culture , with its ubiquitous references to sex , drugs and violence , has harmed him .
the first is basically a balloon filled with a lighter than air gas , with an attached pod for the pilot and passengers , and tilting propellers to aid with descent and maneuvering .
immediately after the arrival of the first heavy fuel oil , the facilities were shut down and the international atomic energy agency personnel will verify that , kim told the associated press by telephone .
officials say one iraqi was killed , and people were wounded .
should clinton win in pennsylvania , some political observers have said she must score a victory in at least one of the may states to make a compelling argument to continue her presidential campaign .
both organizations said they will emphasize human rights protection during investigations .
for years , worshippers at a muslim shrine in western india have continued the tradition a rite considered to bring good health and good luck to the children .
but omar khadr , who was when he was captured after a deadly firefight in afghanistan and who is now , will remain at the remote u . s . military base along with some other men suspected of links to al qaeda and the taliban .
secretary general kofi annan on sunday arrived in south korea , on the first leg of his asian tour that will also take him to japan , china , vietnam and thailand .
our numbers show that october was a retail disaster , because the stock market was crashing .
the money would help poor nations provide treatment for diseases .
lard and clear , read monday s headline in the new york post .
park , one of the party s leading presidential hopefuls , said , this is the reality of korean politics .
he stressed france was determined to get the workers released .
. take a look
jpmorgan chase co . on monday moved to assuage shareholders of bear stearns co . by increasing its offer to acquire the ailing investment bank to per share from the bargain basement price of per share .
the first cargo train providing regular service across the border between the two koreas in more than a half century left tuesday for the north .
patrick kennedy crashed his car after taking ambien .
economic sight today includes a report on prices that shows inflation was pretty much awash last month .
toyota motor corp . posted a stronger than expected . percent rise in quarterly net profit on buoyant sales in western markets , and forecast modest growth this year as it adds production capacity all over the world .
pearl , the south asia bureau chief for the journal , was abducted from karachi while researching a story on islamic militancy .
moon chung in , a professor of political science at yonsei university in seoul , supported the remarks made by president roh moo hyun in his speech to mark the st liberation day on tuesday .
seoul s proposal for a peace regime is expected to include a peace treaty , which will replace the armistice signed at the end of the korean war .
general motors reports it lost another . billion in the th quarter , driving up its total loss to nearly billion for all of last year .
the prosecution will appeal to the top court on friday after reviewing the reasons for the seoul central district court s rejection , prosecutor chae dong wook told reporters .
the iraqi president , who had been persuaded to seek medical care , walked on and off the plane that took him to amman , his son said .
on wednesday , a ford spokeswoman confirmed for cnn that the automaker is adding a week to its normal two week seasonal shutdown at a number of its plants .
if you want to call it that .
clark s brother , daniel salton , monitored columbia s return from his milwaukee home .
house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , promised quick action .
premier wen jiabao will then deliver the government work report the equivalent of a state of the nation address looking back at the past year and outlining plans for the next year and beyond .
the female black american shorthair , whose former name was india , died at home at the white house .
al asad air base , iraq cnn president bush made a surprise visit to an iraqi air base monday , saying fewer u . s . forces may be able to maintain security at its current level .
sullivan said the dismissal of khadr case has huge impact because none of the detainees held at this isolated military base in southeast cuba has been found to be an unlawful enemy combatant .
in his first few months in office , the french leader has been at pains to show he is an ally of the united states , backing president bush s hard line stance on iran s nuclear program and attempting to heal the wounds over his country s opposition to the iraq war .
but i can say my focus is on turning this company around and creating value for the shareholder , she said .
guede was identified after police found a bloody fingerprint on a pillow at the scene of the crime .
four others are looking for sweeps in the first round of the playoffs .
pan americano tv showed footage of traffic lights in the capital lima swaying with the quake .
that they should even have the audacity to foreclose or evict , given the amount of money that they made off the crisis .
prompted by disappointing corporate earnings , soaring oil prices and credit worries , the dow jones industrial average plunged nearly points to , . on friday , new york time .
but that didn t stop a sea lion from joining schoolchildren on a walk a thon .
but in the end , the true test for theme parks will always be how well they sell individual fantasies to the young and old alike .
authors denise joyce and nancy watkins know at least toddlers who are .
and the korea herald reports the seoul high court yesterday overturned a lower court s verdict that a former ruling party lawmaker and an official with the nation s top spy agency diverted a huge amount of the agency s budget to finance the ruling party s general election campaign , saying the money came instead from then president kim young sam .
what i would say to members of congress is
we are condemning the warring sides in the strongest terms for violating human rights and committing war crimes against civilians , ahmed said .
all south korean troops stationed in the area have been accounted for .
the belong to the saemmul church in bundang , a city outside south korea s capital , seoul .
he arrived in berlin to pick up a bambi thursday .
with those deaths , at least palestinians , including about women and children , have been killed since the military operation began more than a week ago , officials said .
i was going to roll the dice , and well , here we go .
the findings suggest one reason that isolated , lonely people tend to have poorer health , says ohio state university psychologist janice kiecolt glaser .
the supreme people s court approved the death sentence against zheng xiaoyu , , who was convicted of taking bribes worth some . million yuan , from eight companies and dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency said .
chavez pledged to support ecuador in any circumstance , he said on his weekly talk show , alo presidente , or hello , president .
mr . yeltsin was a key reference in the post communist transition in russia .
beckham played his first game for six weeks on saturday after recovering from a knee injury .
as the debate continues on the floor of the senate on the massive billion spending and tax package , work is going on behind closed doors on changes that could make the proposal easier to swallow for its opponents .
it was the second consecutive day of bad economic data .
according to the general , the assailant had been referred to the clinic by his superior officers , indicating that they were concerned about his mental state .
dozens of kurdish militants and five turkish soldiers were killed overnight in northern iraq during turkey s offensive against separatist guerrillas there , according to the turkish military .
our aircraft had a minor collision with another aircraft in the taxiways . engineers are inspecting the aircraft to ascertain the damage . the passengers have been offloaded and returned to the terminal building , he told pa .
the rare prime ministerial talks were aimed at devising concrete plans to implement wide ranging accords reached between the leaders of the koreas .
are you woody allen s new muse ?
maine has escaped a direct hit from hurricane kyle .
it is beginning to move away from the cayman islands , although they re still certainly experiencing hurricane conditions there .
the chadian government disputed that , and a spokeswoman for the unhcr said that based on preliminary interviews with the children , they most probably are from chad .
assistant engineer michael french , years
park said south korea s decision could change depending on the progress on the six nation talks , which are due to restart within the coming weeks .
south korea is considering excluding some parts of cattle , such as brains , backbones and spinal cords , when it resumes the importation of u . s . beef as early as next year .
portland , oregon cnn picking a christmas tree is typically a matter of taste .
results showed that the chimps , while no more accurate than the people , could do this faster .
it also said there would be no norwegian application from other cities to host the games .
the u . n . s special representative to east timor , atul khare , commended the election , which was overseen by foreign observers , as a peaceful day for the people of east timor .
but not in this way .
the housing market collapse , credit crunch and strained labor market have all taken their toll on consumers spending .
president barack obama is weighing in on the spiraling economy and the recovery package in an op ed piece in this morning s washington post .
one out of every . economically active people are credit defaulters , but the government is attempting to cover up the severity of the issue , according to a lawmaker .
litigation pits two of the largest remaining financial institutions against one another , as the ongoing credit crisis leads the federal government to arrange marriages and sales among banking entities .
in terms of the decisions that i had made to protect the homeland , i wouldn t worry about popularity .
defense minister yoon kwang ung said thursday that the reduction of south korean troops in iraq will start in may next year , and proceed on a gradual basis based on political and security conditions there .
keanu reeves wasn t supposed to be the one .
those found in breach of the ban would be fined euros for individuals and euros for the premises where the offence occurred .
the researchers who revealed that bizarre fact earned one of ig nobel prizes awarded thursday night for quirky , funny and sometimes legitimate scientific achievements , from the mathematics of wrinkled sheets to u . s . military efforts to make a gay bomb .
an inmate at the jail has the virus , but officials say his condition is not serious .
people magazine reported in august that he was six months old .
almost josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night s stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain .
the web site posted a picture tuesday of the deposed prime minister with his right hand raised giving the victory sign , along with his son and a crowd of supporters , superimposed over an image of bangkok s international airport .
diane kepley , the associated press .
too often , educators and health professionals say , the results are cases of girls gone wild gone wild .
her mother was kept away from the well because of rescuers feared she would become emotional and upset the child , but her father was constantly talking to her to keep her conscious , authorities said .
the withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages and older .
it s not likely to get much support from republicans , even though obama has promised to consider gop ideas .
the government unveiled programs to encourage koreans to invest more overseas in a move to fight off the appreciation of the won .
the sarcoma foundation , which advocates for better treatment of soft tissue cancers such as his , awarded him its leadership in courage award a year early .
investigators are also seeking records related to an e mail and ebay account that may have been used by cho , a source close to the investigation said .
a taiwanese china airlines plane has burst into flames at naha airport , on the japanese island of okinawa .
blue chips managed gains from the get go monday as investors welcomed the day s merger news , including alcoa s billion hostile bid for canadian rival alcan .
a commission spokesman insisted it had not received a single complaint in the weeks since the clip first appeared on internet site youtube , suggesting the brussels press corps should relax and get with the times .
minor parties also welcomed the news and urged prosecutors to investigate the case thoroughly .
the landslides occurred on the third anniversary of the asian tsunami , which killed , people in a dozen nations .
the tattered furniture has been replaced by hundreds of new desks and chairs , thanks to the head of a chicago company , sagis international
among the various snakes , hidden in small cloth sacks , were two poisonous cobras , authorities said .
cate blanchett , as a mid s version of bob dylan in i m not there
fromong , a collector , told cnn that two men accompanying simpson pointed guns at the people in the room .
and increasing the death toll .
yeah , that s right , jon , the president was blunt during the campaign in saying his predecessors let politics trump science on everything from endangered species to global warning .
the news got them reminiscing on live with regis kelly about what marriage meant to them
television chiefs have come under intense pressure to improve standards after a series of deceptions were uncovered .
the general labor confederation called off the strike after a few hours for security reasons and said it would be rescheduled .
the explosions , which started at about noon , occurred as workers were trying to dismantle a stockpile of munitions , prime minister sali berisha said on his web site .
it is perfectly legal for doctors who discover or hear about a drug s off label use to prescribe it
the commander in chief to his new ensigns and nd lieutenants
officials in arnold schwarzenegger s austrian hometown of graz have removed his name from a football stadium in an ongoing row over the us death penalty .
otp verification refers to a security system that requires a new password every time a user authenticates himself , thus protecting against an intruder attempting to use an intercepted password .
i can t take a an hour job and still stay afloat .
south korean prime minister han duck soo was to meet with chinese president hu jintao in beijing tuesday for discussions on ending north korea s nuclear ambitions and other issues of mutual concern .
on october th , , the chun administration mobilized more than , police and soldiers to search , temples nationwide and arrested more than monks , according to the report .
the world s sharemarkets climbed again after european governments monday announced bank bailouts worth more than trillion and in anticipation of the u . s . bailout .
the paris leg of the olympic torch relay has been cut short following anti chinese protests along the route .
one day after sounding an alert , astronomers said additional data had eliminated any chance that a recently discovered space object would collide with earth in .
with its own missile defense plan , seoul would beef up its independent aerial defense capabilities rather than participating in a u . s . led missile defense system , the analyst said .
the load was bound for yakima , washington .
i would say set a goal for about two weeks .
china gave official notification of the accident to the south korean embassy in beijing at a . m . sunday , nearly hours after the accident took place and some hours after it first learned of the incident , according to the ministry of foreign affairs and trade .
the assembly was held amid a renewed dispute over japan s attempts to glorify its past aggression on neighboring states after koizumi s recent visit to the yasukuni shrine , his fifth since taking office in .
this year it was afghanistan .
hotz posted on his blog that he traded his modified iphone for a sweet nissan z and gb iphones .
investigators questioned him over whether he took samsung s managerial control through illegal deals and whether the group systemically plotted the transaction .
china s mines are the deadliest in the world , with an average of miners dying every day in accidents .
a jury is to be selected in october when the inquest formally opens .
north korea said the talks with hill had been comprehensive and productive , the official korean central news agency reported .
recent raids on monasteries turned up guns , knives and ammunition , though it was not yet clear to whom they belonged , according to the new light of myanmar , a mouthpiece of the junta .
zoltan lensky , , a slovakian citizen , was on delta flight from atlanta , georgia , to vienna wednesday night when flight attendants refused his request for more liquor .
instead , albert dunlap , the former scott paper ceo and corporate america s unofficial spokesman on the issue , goes on nightline and , to his eternal shame , labels as socialism labor secretary s proposal to give tax breaks to companies that avoid layoffs .
but it doesn t look like the president elect is going to get that package as quickly as he wants it , sagar .
he warned that the epidemic has spread so quickly that india needed to wake up and take the problem seriously , otherwise millions of people will die .
we need to read the ruling before we make any decision .
indonesian police officers , he says , are also under threat , because the government does not implement full sharia law .
the australian government has announced it will issue its first formal apology to aboriginal people when parliament resumes next month .
the president said it is not congress job to make decisions regarding the war .
drm software is designed to thwart piracy but also makes using music cumbersome for many consumers .
in the years since its recording , carnival of light has acquired near mythical status among beatles fans who argue that the existence of the track provides evidence of the group s experimental ambitions beyond their commercially successfully pop career .
the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency will send a fourth round of inspectors to south korea next month to look into remaining suspicions about seoul s undeclared nuclear experiments in past years , although it has decided not to refer the affair to the u . n .
there s a number of legal complexities , he said . this is only very much a first step .
voters will soon have their last chance to compare sens .
schools and shops hurriedly closed as hordes of young men , shouting allahu akhbar , or god is great , ignited makeshift street barricades made of tires and garbage , sending plumes of black smoke rising above the city .
worse , kim s reputation for integrity
it is also ironic that sen . clinton lavished praise on monday and is fully willing to accept today the support of south carolina state sen . robert ford , who said if barack obama were to win the nomination , he would drag down the rest of the democratic party because he s black , gibbs added .
the child became known internationally as pumpkin , after the kind of sweater she was wearing the pumpkin patch brand but she was identified as qian xun xue .
a moderate catholic party , the social democratic and labor party , had won seats , and the ulster unionists , a protestant party that helped broker the good friday peace accords , had nine , with two smaller parties taking the remaining four seats .
the british government announced sunday it is moving to nationalize on a temporary basis the struggling mortgage lender northern rock .
other , smaller protests are also being held throughout the nation .
the eta suspects fled in a car , later leaving it to commandeer a second car , the spokeswoman said .
the incidents rattled a country that prides itself on its low crime rate , particularly in comparison to its southern neighbor , the united states .
snap members will protest against the vatican s decision .
the korea herald reports foreign carmakers are increasingly looking at korea as a growth market .
abdullah tried to take the focus off the dollar debate , announcing the donation of million to set up a program to study the effect of the oil industry on the environment .
during his years with bp , browne said he always kept his private life separate from his business life . i have always regarded my sexuality as a personal matter , to be kept private , he said .
another u . s . employee , paul converse , died wednesday from wounds he sustained sunday , officials said .
cnn fighting in the volatile sudanese region of darfur has sparked a another wave of refugees into chad and left a red cross employee dead , according to international agencies .
the dow is up well , points , but the nasdaq is down about .
while the maximum surcharge has been until now , it will rise to per ticket for people flying to europe or the united states .
and now the montana legislature is thinking about scrapping daylight time .
many were injured , including a number of civilians .
according to the arabic language network , the video was created by al qaeda in the maghreb , a regional al qaeda affiliate in north africa that has claimed responsibility for the april terrorist attacks , which targeted the prime minister s office in algiers and a police station in the eastern part of the capital .
why can t i do this at home ?
the central banks aid came too late for bourses in asia and europe where stock prices fell sharply .
the studios say the demands are unreasonable and would hamper attempts to experiment with new media .
washington cnn ralph nader is entering the presidential race as an independent , he announced sunday , saying it is time for a jeffersonian revolution .
it was one of several light moments in a highly anticipated meeting of the two computer industry titans at an annual technology conference run by the wall street journal .
the book also says korean americans are diligent and successful in the u . s . but in the end , always run into the wall called the jews .
since then , the number of competitors and the number of babies born has been on the rise .
people have been dancing and chanting and singing all day . we haven t gotten tired , a government employee who was at the airport told reuters .
new jersey senator frank lautenberg says libya has finally met all of its financial obligations to provide almost billion in compensation for the downing of pan am flight over lockerbie , scotland , in .
all three have now recovered , but all of the country s states and territories have now banned the toy .
toyota forecast annual operating profit of . trillion yen , up . percent from . trillion yen last year , for a seventh straight year of record earnings .
the blazes have left two people dead and destroyed more than , homes and businesses , say officials .
the state department spokesman has been serving in his current capacity since may of .
his boss , prosecutor general yuri chaika , said in august that the hit on politkovskaya was ordered by someone living outside the country with the aim of discrediting putin .
i believe that a combination between microsoft and yahoo is by far the most sensible path for both companies , icahn wrote .
we have stretched our hand in peace many times to the palestinian people . we have nothing against the people of gaza , defense minister ehud barak said .
beijing has threatened to use force if taiwan declares formal independence .
making investments in the tour resort in geumgang is like loading a gun for the criminal , a coalition of seven leading conservative civic groups said in a statement .
she said she saw a man shot on the second floor and at least four or five people brought out on gurneys .
kevin chesney could be the big winner of tonight s cma awards in nashville .
they are part of a string of underwater volcanoes dormant for millions of years that stretches , kilometers miles from south of new zealand toward antarctica .
the government will announce today several candidate sites to house a new administrative capital planned to be located in korea s central region by .
fifty one percent of those polled had a favorable opinion of mccain after the debate , unchanged from before its start .
seoul hailed the north s decision , made three weeks after its first nuclear test , as a possible breakthrough in the protracted nuclear stalemate .
you should wash your hands after using the restroom , but because the water itself might have harmful bacteria see no . above and because the door handle on your way out has been touched by all those who went before you , gendreau also advises sanitizing your hands when you return to your seat .
the korea times notes that it marks the first time in years that the government has taken action against korean citizens who cooperated with japan , which colonized the peninsula from to .
president roh moo hyun said he is open to the possibility of leaving the ruling uri party if it would help push through a constitutional amendment to allow for two consecutive , four year presidential terms .
the man was in a group of four people driving home from work when they encountered a tree in the road .
lee asked local electorates to support the ruling party in its traditional weak spot , calling for the replacement of the corrupt municipal leadership of the nation s third largest city .
the united states has dismissed a proposal from north korea for mutual disarmament talks .
un and red cross personnel met in geneva to arrange the relief operation , as the indonesian president called for a more coordinated effort .
el pais reported that it had access to the informant s testimony to spanish officials .
motorola plans to trim an additional , jobs this year , bringing the total cuts for to more than percent of its work force , as the world s no . mobile phone maker reduces costs to return to profitability .
two officers sustained fatal gunshot wounds , and a third officer received a minor wound .
minoru morimoto , japan s iwc representative , said at the opening of the conference that the boycott made it almost impossible to have a worthwhile discussion on reforming the iwc , which japan argues should manage commercial whaling rather than ban it outright .
our position remains unchanged . the presidential office s rationale for the refusal is that roh had ordered the reinvestigation and lee also had accepted this .
in contrast , abdul could be seen nodding in approval .
michelle wie , struggling to regain form after five months out with a broken wrist , said on tuesday her motivation was stronger than ever as she looked forward to her fifth u . s . women s open .
the initial goal of the center is to improve the business , residential , cultural and tourism environments for all foreign nationals , which can lead to the globalization of seoul , oh said .
both debates will be held on the campus of st . anselm college and are sponsored by cnn , wmur and the new hampshire union leader .
the hubble mission was supposed to fly this month , but was postponed when the computer failure occurred to give the ground teams time to check out the spare and the astronauts time to train .
russian president vladimir putin said wednesday that iran must be encouraged to make its nuclear program fully transparent , but also underscored there is no proof it is pursuing a nuclear weapons program .
navy warship has arrived on the scene .
also on the long list of agreements reached during the summit were a proposed exchange of video letters between families separated by the divided korean peninsula .
french president nicolas sarkozy , speaking in beijing while on a visit to china , called for calm while an investigation in the crash is under way .
hong kong , china cnn the clouds on sunday threatened to rain cats and dogs , as it has been in recent days a perfect echo of the weather exactly years ago when hong kong became china s after years of british rule .
the militants have extended their ultimatum on the fate of the south koreans at least three times .
he was initially arrested in january in pennsylvania , with three other accomplices on charges of killing a former u . s . policeman with the victim s own gun .
others sought to make money from her .
a long term economic forecast issued yesterday by a state run think tank paints a gloomy outlook for south korea .
troops then engaged in heavy fighting with fleeing militants , officials said .
the speaker also calls on egyptian militants to end the blockade on gaza
terry childs tulsa university professor
the u . s . dow jones industrial average gained around points to finish at , , erasing a loss of as much as points .
four republican senators have withdrawn their support for his strategy in recent days , adding their voice to a growing number calling for a new plan .
chrysler blamed the continued lack of consumer credit for the american car buyer for the slow down in sales that forced the move .
his grateful father robert tells ktnv television
back in sacramento , authorities had contained and cleaned up the mess by p . m .
the best refuge from the sun is a day at the pool or water park .
however , later on sunday a spokesman for denied that there was any chance of the player staying in madrid .
i am very disappointed that the ad hoc committee that insisted on confidentiality put its report on its web site before the full board had a chance to consider the report , wolfowitz s attorney , robert bennett , told cnn .
the bank added that its board supported the decision to take rasmussen off the race and to dismiss him .
it s possible that you d find a more sympathetic jury , certainly a more pro gun jury .
for the last five weeks , the lebanese army has been battling militants from the fatah al islam group .
if you can save a medic a few minutes of time so he can concentrate on saving your life . . . it has great possibilities , hastings said .
knox has confused memories , since she had taken hashish in the afternoon , the ruling read .
it was not immediately known why minaz was banned .
long term plans are underway as well for a ufo themed amusement park , complete with an indoor roller coaster that would take passengers on a simulated alien abduction .
browne led the energy giant for more than a decade and announced earlier this year that he would resign at the end of july .
this death the ninth in china during the current outbreak is causing a great deal of concern in hong kong .
the iranian video is shot from a watercraft that does not appear to be moving .
terabytes of storage
what people should be outraged about is that they arrest blacks for no
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said the us was very pleased at the signs of progress towards that goal .
fast food restaurants are now expanding rapidly all over the country .
i m not so sure the stimulus is simply going to flip a light switch and turn the economy around instantly .
wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals enclosure .
roh also called on the nation to approach the redeployment calmly , saying it has long been anticipated .
over the years , the fda has consistently disputed the center s assertion .
communist military deaths north koreans and the chinese who intervened five months into the war are estimated in the hundreds of thousands .
his party has submitted a proposal to parliament for a general election to be brought forward to june from november . the ak party is expected to win a second term after five years of strong economic growth since it came to power in .
korea s largest businesses want the government to change the rules to keep overseas funds from taking over , saying the nation s drive to improve management since the asian financial crisis has left companies vulnerable .
annan is due to step down at the end of the year after heading the organisation since .
enriched uranium at low concentrations can be used to fuel nuclear power plants , but much higher concentrations are needed to yield a nuclear explosion .
the latest recall is the second this month
the government eased some restrictions on wednesday .
bhutto hopes to win a third term for herself as prime minister of pakistan .
al sadr s followers have accused the government , which is dominated by al sadr s leading rivals , of trying to cripple their movement before provincial elections in october .
a year old boy broke into a popular outback zoo , fed a string of animals to the resident crocodile and bashed several lizards to death with a rock , the zoo s director said friday .
but al goldman , chief market strategist at wachovia securities , would not be surprised if the market rebounds tomorrow
the crime occurred in a quiet neighborhood in harvey , across the big river from new orleans .
those who would make apologies for such a regime are no friends of america and her people , hyde said in the letter .
in an interview with a cnn correspondent , sheikh ahmad who did not want his last name revealed he does not believe that could be behind the september attacks against the united states .
she has also appeared in such films as on golden pond , nine to five , julia , fun with dick and jane , barbarella , barefoot in the park , cat ballou and they shoot horses , don t they ?
they have real weapons and so they should tell us what the weapons program looks like , said the official , who asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the negotiations .
law enforcement officials say the man accused in the craigslist killing had items belonging to the victim in his boston apartment .
the korea times reports kim jin sun , in his last year as gangwon province governor , refused to comment on whether he expects pyeongchang to give the winter games another try .
the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against my clients concerning having consensual sex and committing indecent gestures in public , said the pair s lawyer , hasan mattar .
the navy divers entered the murky waters before dawn on tuesday to survey the search site and returned later in the morning to clear debris from the site .
as the ap s sagher magani reports , it comes at an international conference on afghanistan being held at the hague
instead , he thinks sales jumped in because buyers had more options , including the new nissan altima , saturn aura and lexus ls h hybrid sedans and hybrid versions of the chevrolet tahoe , gmc yukon and mazda tribute sport utility vehicles .
a lebanese army source said militants were killed and an unknown number were captured in clashes at the nahr el bared camp outside tripoli .
i pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face , mccain said before his supporters in phoenix , arizona .
everybody on the outside was deciding what yahoo should and shouldn t do , she said .
by saturday afternoon , about square miles , including part of ashley national forest in the northeastern corner of the state , had been consumed .
how is japan seen in the eyes of the rest of the world ?
an official with the defense ministry said the national intelligence service is conducting an investigation .
washington cnn sen . barack obama plans to visit europe and the middle east this summer , his campaign announced saturday morning .
on january , , adam air flight crashed , killing all people on board .
a new sign gates is staying on in defense ?
almost half of voters in the democratic primary there were african american .
in may , local media appeared scandalized when a seoul cafe hosted orgies of men and women who romped naked , wearing only feather masks .
in dera ismail khan , the bomber struck as recruits were being tested to join the force , a police officer , gul afzal afridi , told ap . it was a suicide bombing and the attacker mingled among the scores of people gathered for the test and physical examination ,
emanuel helped lead democrats to majority control of the house in .
this test was similar to a december test , the latest ballistic missile carried three decoy balloons designed to confuse the exoatmospheric kill vehicle , the device that seeks out the ballistic missile .
cahe had said just days ago that maradona had put on weight and smoked too many cigars , and was planning a trip to switzerland to get himself back into shape .
there were no immediate reports of survivors , but rescue efforts involving french navy vessels and a helicopter were launched .
yuka yamaji , head of photography for the auction house , called moss a cultural icon and arguably the most influential model of our day .
the third group received printed materials by mail .
he hopes to be out of the sling , and back in the dugout , by the all star game .
but he says he doesn t think it represents a broad movement in iraq where a thousand protestors were out this morning demanding the jailed reporter s release .
u . s . commanders have expressed concern about a rise in violence and the growing presence of al qaeda in iraq militants , who have fled to diyala from other regions of the country .
ministry spokesman mod raj dotel said five of the on board were nepal citizens .
up to capital gains taxes on multiple homeowners .
she was detained , the spokesman said , after a request from cleveland police , which is investigating fraud allegations and which covers the area of northern england where darwin and her husband lived at the time of his disappearance .
chris benoit was a pro wrestler for years and star of world wrestling entertainment , which strongly denounced any suggestion that steroid use could be connected to the tragedy .
the change was made to narrow the gap between soaring crude oil prices and state set retail prices , the country s main planning agency , the national development and reform commission , said in a statement .
in sydney , meanwhile , howard reiterated his warning that a labor victory would damage prosperity .
the move will save about , tons of carbon annually the equivalent of removing about , cars from the road each year when the national rollout is completed next year , the oak brook , illinois based company said .
when hemingway killed himself he put a period at the end of his life old age is more like a semicolon , vonnegut told the associated press in .
more important , the test captures only a basic level of education , ignoring the differences among literate people , some of whom are much better educated than others .
suffered a major decline in population in the aftermath , the scientists said .
the interview
prince charles already has said he will skip the olympics .
as you attempt to make small talk with an interviewer , don t cross the line into inappropriate chitchat .
no one answered the phones at the people s new party offices at the upper house shortly after the reports appeared early thursday .
the plan has set off a lively debate in the state run media .
jamaican police announced friday that they were treating the death of woolmer , , as a homicide .
england have a vital euro qualifier in estonia on june and several players have openly called for beckham s return in a bid to revive their dismal campaign .
alexander vershbow , the new us ambassador to south korea , was explaining why the us had imposed economic sanctions against the north .
syria accused israel of a flagrant violation of its obligations when it carried out an airstrike inside the country last week , according to a copy of a letter released tuesday .
fertitta , who peppers his conversations with journalists with mentions of the show , said he was surprised on a recent visit to china when he found himself flooded by questions from local female reporters about the series .
the biggest and best of tokyo s shinto festivals is held at the asakusa shrine .
the board added that it regretted that wolfowitz s achievements at the bank had been overshadowed by recent events .
providing information to chinese censors which resulted in a journalist , shi tao , being jailed for years .
the intelligence service , according to representative won hye young of the uri party , said south korea has not escaped involvement with terror attempts by radical islamist groups .
fifth ranked novak djokovic of serbia has been moved up to fourth seed due to his recent fine performances .
the teams of architects from around the world offered a dazzling array of designs , several of which included towers that would be the tallest buildings in the world .
to mark the anniversary wednesday , fahlman and his colleagues are starting an annual student contest for innovation in technology assisted , person to person communication .
castro s brother raul , the year old acting leader , is strongly tipped to replace him .
he returned after three games in last week s champions league defeat to the same side , but was substituted with nine minutes to play .
president lee on wednesday designated byun do yoon , a director of seoul ywca , as minister of gender equality and family .
she had been living in panama city , panama .
i know many of you listening this morning are frustrated with the situation .
poll workers in indiana and north carolina reported heavy turnout in the two primaries that could be pivotal in the democratic presidential nomination battle .
the shows will be the first with all five of the original group since geri ginger spice halliwell quit to pursue a solo career in .
today , steinberg is one of scores of keyboard connoisseurs who rate wines on his red wine haiku review web site , which rates wine by poetry .
other items in the sale include signed photographs of the beatles dedicated to glasow , including one where george harrison signed the photo george dandruff harrison .
pakistani authorities have sent troops and police to seal off the mosque and have urged its students to surrender .
still , prices in some european countries were more than percent more expensive than in south korea .
we expect updates throughout the day from the samson police department , but this small town and its law enforcement system clearly overwhelmed by the nature and scope of this violence .
secretary of state colin powell said impoverished north korea can count oncurbs nuclear weapons programs and missile exports as well as other activities such as drug trafficking .
when he said something over the police radio , he was calm and what he said was well thought out .
he was preceded by dozens of priests , bishops and cardinals who clutched palms and olive branches as their red vestments fluttered in the breeze .
he said the group s world view had a negative effect on me , and made him irritable and angry .
sen . barack obama s foreign policy positions could encourage america s enemies to test it during the early days of an obama administration , sen . john mccain said wednesday .
i didn t feel good this morning , didn t feel good in warm up so i tried to block it out and think about what i did in training and use it in the race .
south korea maintains a compulsory conscript system under which able bodied men over must serve in the military for months .
but rising incomes mean that some newly rich couples in urban areas can easily afford to break the rules and pay the resulting fines .
rafael benitez s side , beaten by the turks two weeks ago , surpassed the seven unopposed goals that arsenal put past slavia prague a fortnight ago and that juventus netted against olympiakos in .
the british built the first railways in mumbai in the s , but more recently a lack of investment and a city growing rapidly as migrants flood in has stretched the system to breaking point .
rome s colosseum , china s great wall , peru s machu picchu , india s taj mahal and jordan s petra have been among the leaders since january while the acropolis and the statue of christ redeemer made their way up from the middle of the field to the top level , according to latest tallies .
through much of the last century , america s faith in freedom and democracy was a rock in a raging sea .
we ll be here throughout the night , it s a very extensive crime scene , he said .
political candidates hoping for a seat in the national assembly began registering at the national election commission on wednesday .
where powdered rhino horn is a treasured chinese medicine .
first they fired bavasi himself . then they axed mclaren .
the letters , which cover more than years and range across art , science , literature and philosophy , are to be auctioned by christie s in london on july and are expected to raise up to . million pounds . million .
a french justice ministry spokesman interviewed on france info radio said that all six zoe s ark aid workers would be released during the coming hours .
england almost regained their advantage in the nd minute when a free kick from david beckham was headed just wide by alan smith .
their first request for the warrants was turned down last week .
first set point when hewitt dumped a backhand into the net .
liverpool beat chelsea on penalties to reach the champions league final for the second time in three seasons on wednesday .
fruit drink
she would have called me if she was going to do that , monckton said .
no one has the right to take human lives and destroy the environment , he added .
his grandfather served in the th battalion of york lancaster regiment , which was part of the rd army division .
critics saw the announcement as fresh evidence of mismanagement .
deputy national security advisor steve hadley called up foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon to convey the u . s . troop redeployment plan , according to kim sook , head of the ministry s north american bureau .
israeli troops invaded lebanon in an unsuccessful attempt to rescue the soldiers .
s secretary of state condoleezza rice has welcomed a deal reached with north korea over its nuclear program during six nation talks in beijing .
the lightning is cloud to cloud and about miles above the surface , said university of california , los angeles geophysics professor c . t . russell , lead author of a paper on the venusian
effective immediately , jpmorgan chase is guaranteeing the trading obligations of bear stearns and its subsidiaries and is providing management oversight for its operations , said a statement released sunday by jpmorgan .
and i wish i could report that that s not the case , but there s still an enemy out there that would like to inflict damage on america .
taliban militants sunday decided to release two sick korean female hostages but last minute hitches delayed the freedom of the captives until monday .
petraeus told congress this week that the first of those units could be sent home in late september , with the rest returning home by mid july .
world marathon record holder haile gebreselassie of ethiopia is unlikely to take part in the event at the beijing olympics . his agent jos hermans said
a general who is a powerful christian leader , backed by syria and allied with hezbollah , appeared thursday on television offering himself as a compromise candidate .
the new president appointed leftists to some key positions in the government he unveiled on friday , a move designed to portray him as an open and inclusive leader and boost the right s support in the looming legislative battle .
the us senate has voted to revive discussion of a wide ranging plan for immigration reform .
since records began in the s , there have been only fatal shark attacks off the california coast , according to the state s department of fish and game .
madoff s lawyers had indicated earlier they planned to claim ruth madoff was entitled to keep as much as million in assets .
in a test run for media , this reporter found it does take some getting used to .
in china , the shanghai composite index ended the day up . percent or points at , although at one point it fell to , , it s lowest point for more than nine months .
airbus parent eads said on thursday first quarter operating profit plunged after it took a million euro . million provision at the planemaker as part of its power restructuring program .
he s someone who is uh , steeped in the economy and in managing crises .
don t feel burdened , chavez told supporters immediately after the results were announced .
the who unicef joint monitoring program for water supply and sanitation said the data shows percent of africans and . billion people worldwide have no toilet at home and thus are vulnerable to a range of health risks .
the annapolis summit , he said , should be viewed as a beginning of a negotiation that the united states hopes will result in israel existing alongside a palestinian state .
burwell b . bell , who is nominated to take over as commander of the u . s . addressing recent signs of divergence between the wartime allies , clinton said the relationship between the united states and south korea is at a critical juncture .
australian prime minister john howard said an australian military medical evacuation team and a c hercules military transport aircraft had been placed on standby , along with darwin hospital , to help treat casualties .
sarah palin is now talking about her damaging catie couric interview to a more sympathetic questioner
overall death in the crestor group was percent less than the placebo group .
local villagers joined police officers and medical workers in the rescue effort , breaking train windows with farm tools to pull out stranded passengers , xinhua said .
however , turkey has cautioned that it cannot wait indefinitely for iraq to do so .
there were very small amounts of melamine found , galberth told the associated press . the amounts were so small the laboratory recommended more testing .
how can you explain this ?
but as we walked past the fir tree pub we noticed a young boy slumped in the corner of the car park .
das , who met the family two years ago , has said he has raised singh as his son .
every day from a . m . fishermen auction their fresh catch to a rowdy horde of restaurateurs , eager to secure the choicest specimens for their menus .
studying under sanford meisner , pollack spent several years cutting his teeth in various areas of theater , eventually becoming meisner s assistant .
the korea times reports foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon is keeping true to his diplomatic pitch focused on strengthening relations with the middle east ahead of the iraq troop dispatch .
anadolu news agency reported that aircraft backed counter terrorism operations were under way in southeastern turkey .
sebire s lawyer had tried to convince a french court that it was barbaric to put her through the ordeal of dying slowly in an artificial coma , something that could take up to two weeks while her three children looked on in anguish .
but , she said , the groups got angry with each other .
and so the tourist nation , which has white sandy beaches that lure well heed westerners , wants to set aside some of the billion dollars a year it receives from tourism and spend that money on buying a new homeland .
two exile groups mizzima and the democratic voice of burma said the detention was extended for six months but a government source , speaking on condition of anonymity told the associated press it was extended by months .
we re very concerned that this year the food shortfall of , , tons of rice and wheat will mean that malnutrition will increase and that children will receive less food than they are really needing to receive , risley said .
but moscow has refused to extradite the main suspect , andrei lugovoi , who denies involvement .
that would mean french troops , who are already in the capital , could use force against the rebels . four u . s . embassy staff members have set up temporary operations at n djamena s airport .
opposition leader shimon peres said on tuesday he feared israeli extremists might try to assassinate prime minister ariel sharon , the target of growing far right fury over a planned withdrawal from gaza next year .
at least people were killed and a number of others wounded in that fighting .
in the economic model , two and a half acres were put to various uses .
the team is now set to race under the name team high road in , according to their management company , high road sports .
authorities said that torrential rains are expected to pound the region for another days raising water levels further , according to the news agency xinhua .
turnout was percent low for france which pollsters blamed on a lack of suspense .
he improved his career record against simon to , with both previous encounters on clay in hamburg earlier this year and rome in .
satellite images detected unusual activity there , the dong a ilbo and yonhap news agency said .
you know , in politics , we all experience the highs and the lows , and i ve experienced both over a long political career .
but in a wide ranging speech at the national press club in washington , he ridiculed campaign consultants and spin doctors who he said are extending the campaign .
gates had one on one meetings thursday with canadian defense minister peter mackay and australia s new defense minister , joel fitzgibbon .
the white house says it will contain an endorsement of the troop reduction proposed by gen david petraeus , who has been testifying in congress on monday and tuesday .
up to people have been visiting lali at her home every day to touch her feet out of respect , offer money and receive blessings , singh told ap .
more than , paintings , sculptures and photographs were entered in this year s competition .
it cited a special panel studying astronaut health , which found heavy use of alcohol before launch that was within the standard hour bottle to throttle rule , according to aviation week space technology .
president lee myung bak is expected to promise a full opening of the domestic beef market to the united states in exchange for u . s . authorization of south koreans to tour the united states under the visa waiver program vwp .
noriega was not at wednesday s hearing .
in blunt words , chinese vice premier wu yi cautioned the united states against making accusations .
it involved rheumatoid arthritis among , black women .
i believe that very few will get through and they better be amazing , wilson said in an interview .
the mission would follow a visit by u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari who sought to quell the tensions by meeting with junta leaders and pro democracy leaders , including detained nobel laureate aung san suu kyi .
what is it about today , may , , that makes it an odd day ?
the july failed attacks happened days after the july london suicide attacks , which killed commuters and four bombers .
some competitors dress in blue two piece outfits for a belly dancing routine . one , dressed in black with a red flower in her hair , did a spanish dance .
tens of thousands of people are killed in mine and industrial accidents each year in china .
the ministry of information and communication admitted on tuesday the nis traced a total of , phone calls or messages last year , up . percent from , in .
violence erupted in the town s housing projects , populated largely by families of immigrant background , after two teenage boys were killed in a motorbike crash with a police car .
he called jolie a fantastic mother .
but its full time residents are jaesoo sang , or study again students , who didn t get into the university of their choice and are cramming for the following year s test .
mahender murlidhar sabhnani , , and his wife , varsha mahender sabhnani , , were each convicted of all charges in a count federal indictment that included forced labor , conspiracy , involuntary servitude , and harboring aliens .
a korean american businessman who leaked illegal eavesdropping tape arrested .
militant groups in the region have been trying to put a more iraqi face on their movement and have been trying to exclude the foreign militants from a public role , bergen said .
his shenyang based company also was building a dutch themed housing development .
despite repeated denials , the clinton campaign has again admitted that they will go to any length to win , obama spokesman bill burton said again wednesday .
hyundai said the walkout would lead to a production loss of , vehicles , worth bn won .
besides family life , clapton remains involved with the crossroads treatment center that he founded nearly a decade ago in antigua a huge benefit concert was held this past summer .
they do not know what it is made of , but think it could be a kind of particle .
the united states says it will soon notify south korea and other trading partners of potential changes in bilateral free trade agreements ftas required under a new trade policy .
gay is also competing in the m , which he leads this season with . .
the island is not inhabited by humans .
lee jung ho at the samsung economic research institute said , korean brands that have recently become famous tend to emphasize their global brand image , instead of resorting to the national image .
in a second part of the drill , officials in thailand , malaysia , american samoa and the philippines staged real tsunami evacuations .
the identities of the stunt drivers were not released .
carla bruni sarkozy has been appointed by gordon brown to inject more style and glamour into british life if you believe a report in the uk s guardian newspaper .
under the mandate , most urban couples are limited to one child and rural families to two in an attempt to control population growth and conserve natural resources in the world s most populous country .
the australian newspaper reported the cabinet had given initial approval for up to more troops .
the robin has bravely stayed at her post , unlike the father , who s rarely been seen .
roddick , runner up at the grasscourt grand slam in and , broke his opponent twice in the first set to speed to a lead before gimelstob pulled a game back on his own serve .
it s not an issue that we can solve by grabbing the trouser legs of u . s . soldiers to prevent them from leaving south korea , lee told a workshop for lawmakers elect of the ruling uri party at the national assembly on saturday .
but lee said the visit would not be feasible before the end of putin s term .
united airlines parent ual corp .
several lawmakers elect were undergoing close scrutiny monday over their questionable wealth accumulation , and their submission of false career and academic records to the nation s election watchdog .
we have a right just like anyone else to get married to the person we want to get married to , lyon said at the time .
because of their extreme environments , they tend to be highly sensitive to temperature changes , said marine biologist james mcclintock of the university of alabama at birmingham .
is north korea becoming a new football force ?
the agreement , signed friday morning by secretary of state condoleezza rice and her brazilian counterpart , has the u . s . and brazil joining forces to promote more ethanol use in nations lying between brazil and the united states .
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
pelosi wore a lavender pantsuit instead of the long black robe , called an abaya , that women , saudi and non saudi , have to wear in the kingdom .
indian prime minister manmohan singh has arrived in china for a three day visit aimed at improving the strained relations between the two countries .
the fifa world player of the year in , , and , has been capped more the times and scored more than goals for her country .
his associates peter atkinson , , of oakville , ontario , jack boultbee , , of victoria , british columbia , and mark kipnis , , of northbrook , ill . , were also found guilty on mail fraud charges .
people south of los angeles were rattled by a big explosion last night .
after years in congress , gore was vice president under president bill clinton from to .
no one actually loves the truth , but someone has to say it , he says .
the commission issued the ruling for roh s repeated criticism of two major gnp contenders campaign pledges former seoul mayor lee myung bak and former gnp chairwoman park geun hye .
i believe the majority of hispanics share our view that the border must be secured , and the border must be secured first , mccain said in phoenix , arizona .
the apple cart has been turned over here when you have the obamas the first african american couple now actually management and you are having in some cases white americans serving them , says presidential historian doug brinkley .
it s predominantly christian but hasn t always been .
in addition , robert levinson , an american and retired fbi agent , has been missing since march , when he was last seen on iran s kish island .
lee had represented the bank as a lawyer in its first lawsuit against gas supplier yesco before pulling out to take the supreme court job in august last year .
perhaps it s the vast gaps between releases that help make enya , , the emerald isle s second biggest selling artist of all time after u .
this is the result of global warming , said british antarctic survey scientist david vaughan .
she has what little momentum there is on the democratic side , having won in new hampshire and nevada after illinois sen . barack obama won in iowa .
police spokesman rajan bhagat said protesters had been detained but no charges would be filed against them .
next on the agenda are fuel oil for north korea , the declaration and disabling of its nuclear programs , and the disbursement of more aid , hill said , according to ap .
with so much food moving around the house and visitors who generously
tuesday s appeal is the second time that interpol an organization that facilitates global cooperation among police agencies has asked for the public s help in identifying a suspected pedophile .
but a pending investigation of a company that has done business with new mexico state government promises to extend for several weeks or , perhaps , even months , the statement reads . let me say unequivocally that i and my administration have acted properly in all matters and that this investigation will bear out that fact . but i have concluded that the ongoing investigation also would have forced an untenable delay in the confirmation process .
china said in may it would give the island two giant pandas , but their departure was delayed for more than three years .
the babies are expected to stay in the hospital for the next to weeks .
year old woman who works on the rig was taken on shore in connection with the incident , according to the local police force coordinating the operation .
it is the strangest thing i ve ever seen , said may titthara , who wrote about the case for the phnom penh post , an english language newspaper in the cambodian capital .
tim tebow threw for two touchdowns , the florida defense came up with clutch stops , as the top ranked gators beat number two oklahoma in a bcs title game .
city spokeswoman elisa weaser said the group was being guided to a safe route out .
they take classes on computers , psychology and one called businesswoman s image , along with the more traditional instruction in karate and the use of firearms .
get rid of anything that doesn t smell great .
the plane took off from kinshasa international airport , also known as n djili international airport , around a . m . a . m . et en route to tshikapa in the southern part of the country near the angolan border , eale and other congolese officials said .
al qaeda leader osama bin laden and his top lieutenant ayman al zawahiri and the group is going to launch attacks against america , according to audiotaped remarks by an al qaeda spokesman .
the korea herald reports prosecutors yesterday raided the office and home of a top financial official as part of their ongoing probe into his alleged bribery case .
powell , a retired u . s . general and a republican , was once seen as a possible presidential candidate himself .
the parliamentary vote was originally scheduled for tuesday but the udp , the largest party , boycotted the session , citing his alleged underreporting of wealth and real estate speculation .
wright was scheduled to speak at three services sunday at houston s wheeler avenue baptist church .
kerry has chosen edwards as his running mate .
thousands of homes were reportedly damaged or flattened .
the korea times reports park geun hye , former chairwoman of the main opposition grand national party , wednesday expressed discontent over the disclosure of names of judges who made arbitrary rulings during the regime of former president park chung hee , her late father .
clinton , who is , had fluid and scar tissue removed under general anesthetic .
again , the dow is up nearly points .
the office is near scotland yard police headquarters and several other government offices .
before monday , the deadliest mass shooting in the united states occurred in , when george hennard drove a pickup truck into a killeen , texas , cafeteria and fatally shot people , before shooting and killing himself .
the incident happened sunday in the narrow shipping channel that leads in and out of the persian gulf .
dutch and other european marijuana users traditionally smoke pot in fat , cone shaped joints mixed with tobacco .
doctors say cranley has a dependent personality disorder , and finds it hard to deal with rejection .
the spokesman said the new legislation will also focus on strengthening the financial health of the media industry .
the window of opportunity for high definition dvd could be missed if format confusion continues to linger .
bad debt made up . percent of . trillion won in the banks total lending as of june th , compared to . percent a quarter earlier .
he reportedly gave bruni a pink heart shaped diamond dior engagement ring , while she gave him a swiss made patek philippe watch .
authorities suspended operations at the country s main seaport , chittagong , while volunteers helped thousands of people move to cyclone shelters and other safer areas along the southern coast , state run bangladesh television said .
medical considerations played a part in the decision to offer hilton home confinement for the remainder of her sentence , whitmore said .
max kwak , the spokesman for the embassy , said yesterday that the white house has no plans to have a meeting with the opposition presidential candidate .
i wear a bracelet on my hand not only as a symbol of the sacrifice that a brave young man named matthew stanley made but that of , other brave young americans who have served and sacrificed , mccain said . my prayers go out to those families every day , not just on the day that , brave young americans have sacrificed .
a four day closing of the state s main north south route for miles around chehalis , washington .
but for now , mark , the president is focusing on america s vets on this veterans day ?
the plan includes an agreement to disband illegal armed groups , to refrain from making irresponsible and provocative statements , and to hold joint meetings to promote peace and reconciliation .
wally schirra , one of the original astronauts in the mercury project , died thursday at age , nasa officials said .
the shard was discovered at the elah fortress in khirbet qeiyafa , about miles southwest of jerusalem .
because the rescue helicopter only had room for two , one of the apache pilots gave up his seat in the chopper to one of the kiowa pilots , and that apache pilot and the other kiowa pilot situated themselves outside the craft .
one reason republicans cite now is the fact that the democratic contest is highly competitive while the republican race is all but over . but gop turnout has been down since the beginning of the year even when the republican race was wide open .
the deaths were the first reported fatalities since musharraf s emergency order was announced . watch outrage spill into pakistan s streets wednesday raquo
if the u . s . sends its troops into the tribal areas , it will be a bigger quagmire than iraq , said khan , a former cricket star seeking the nation s presidency . it will be the biggest disaster u . s . could commit .
house financial services committee chairman barney frank says he can t allow gm , or ford , or chrysler , to go bankrupt .
cho , a south korean national , was a legal resident of the united states , emigrating from his native country when he was , according to the department of homeland security .
it is unclear whether the academy plans to investigate the sources of the leak .
the passengers and crew , including south korean tourists , on a chartered plane that crashed in southern cambodia on monday , have been found dead .
singh will meet president hu jintao as well as prime minister wen jiabao and the communist party s second highest leader , wu bangguo .
but iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki , addressing the issue on sunday before reporters , said the iraqi high tribunal made a final ruling in the case and an appeals court upheld the ruling .
asakusa is the place to be in late august if you want to see the ancient japanese art of . . . samba .
a chinese court has found him guilty of spying and other charges , sentencing him to years in prison .
one of the two south korean crew members escaped and was rescued by a passing vessel in early november .
before the hatches were closed in the late afternoon , a few hours before the shuttle s undocking , astronaut garrett reisman pretended he was going to float into endeavour .
it dubbed its operation vico , because the images were thought to have been taken in vietnam and cambodia .
mint has started to strike the first of the last of the commemorative quarters honoring the states .
taiwan separated from china after the communist victory in the chinese civil war in , with the defeated nationalists setting up a government there .
nevadan darren tuck recently gave police the videotape , saying he found it in the desert .
opposing choi , who served as administrator of the small and medium business administration , is the rep . lee kwang jae of the united democratic party udp , who is seeking re election in the district .
kandahar , afghanistan s second largest city and a former stronghold of the taliban , has been scene of some of nato s heaviest fighting since
the miami herald identified the boy s mother as guerla joseph .
at the concert , green approached the director , giving him the cut sign .
this italian city follows closely behind two of my other favorite cities , san francisco and barcelona .
they stepped across a yellow plastic tape , printed with the words peace and prosperity .
president elect barack obama on monday announced sen . hillary clinton as his pick for secretary of state , calling her an american of tremendous stature who will have my complete confidence .
dawson , who won a bronze medal in the men s freestyle moguls event at the turin winter olympics , said he had good adoptive parents and was given many opportunities but he felt torn between the different worlds of korea and the united states .
we will not be discouraged .
he could not be revived and was pronounced dead at a hospital .
dependency on food imports will also increase as cereal yields decline in those countries .
an official at the korea olympics committee said yesterday it has been told by the international group that its ethics committee would take no further action until all appeals are exhausted here .
the police asked me to come over and they assumed that i was drunk and i explained to them that i was a golfer , murray told reporters monday at the venice film festival , where he appeared before the premiere of his new film the darjeeling limited .
the pentagon is dropping war crimes charges against five guantanamo bay detainees .
mccain , who cultivates an image as a maverick , has been in the senate for four terms after two terms as a u . s . congressman .
grancher made at least two dozen payments totaling more than , in cash and checks to her son .
instead of just giving the doctor the facts , women sometimes also offer their own interpretations , which can put their own health at risk .
an ash explosion can occur there anytime , said bella tubianosa from the philippine institute of volcanology and seismology .
the plane was equipped with an emergency locator transmitter , according to geoff farrington of kapowsin air sports , which owns the plane .
all mobile phone service providers are now licensed to accept foreign exchange for airtime and other services .
ip tv converges telecommunications and broadcasting , providing multimedia content to television sets through high speed internet network systems .
the long time republican state that s now been declared up for grabs .
in the last few years , online voting has decided the winners , and this year s categories include tech friendly slots for favorite user generated video and favorite online sensation .
it said local police have placed the mine s owner and an unspecified number of its managers under surveillance .
in early september brown dismissed a suggestion that a withdrawal by uk troops from their base in the southern iraqi city of basra was a defeat , insisting it was an organized move .
he was placed on another commercial airliner a short time later for a flight to the saudi arabian city of jeddah , where he arrived at approximately p . m . local time gmt , pakistani government officials and a sharif representative told cnn .
speaking from new york , obama said thursday the united states must address the immediate crisis in the housing market in order to recharge the economy .
but the effort of flowering and fruiting depletes the tree so much that within a few months it collapses and dies , said botanist dr . john dransfield , author of the study .
the korea herald reports that unemployment among young jobseekers rose in november to . percent as the sluggish economy continued to keep a firm lid on the labor market , quoting the national statistical office yesterday .
president george w bush is to tell nervous americans they can be confident about their long term economic future .
the flood has hit nine provinces the hardest including sichuan , which is still reeling from a . magnitude earthquake that struck southwestern china on may .
his stint made him the longest serving coach in feyenoord s history .
they will also be able to marry without parents consent .
the visit to china is merkel s second as chancellor and comes four months before world environment ministers meet in bali , indonesia to try to launch new talks to extend the kyoto protocol beyond .
the scans were the first done on an egyptian mummy .
in more than a dozen sprawling novels , from the pickwick papers to the mystery of edwin drood , dickens created a rich tapestry of th century england , peopled by struggling workers , aspiring clerks , jaded lawyers , ambitious orphans , rogues , runaways and thieves .
another car bomb struck a police patrol in the alwiya commercial area of karrada , killing three people , two of them police . five others were wounded in the monday morning attack .
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
cheney told blitzer he was over the line .
political analysts say he has a tough decision to make .
the big question surrounding clinton is how many states she needs to win tuesday to keep going .
such a statement betrays the depth of senator obama s inexperience and reckless judgment , mccain said . those are very serious deficiencies for an american president to possess .
wash or sanitize your hands after getting off an escalator
they ve also been regular contenders for the j league title , and managed to win it in .
i have a dream the wake up call for the shuttle discovery crew , honoring astronaut sandra magnus , who is heading back to earth after four and a half months at the international space station .
hamid al bayati , london representative of the iran based supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , a conservative shiite group long opposed to saddam , believes that despite its past , iraq will eventually fall in line with what he sees as a global trend .
alvaro colom of the center left national union of hope party was declared monday the official victor in sunday s presidential election .
i m ashamed to be danish , declared teacher jacob lundgaard .
a teary eyed hillary clinton pushed for support on monday as polls showed her poised for a huge new hampshire loss to democratic rival barack obama , but the former front runner vowed to carry on with her presidential quest even if she loses .
the congressman has complained for weeks that rice and the state department have failed to respond to questions about the claim that saddam hussein had tried to
obama displayed a steadiness , an intellectual curiosity , a depth of knowledge , powell said .
i m mad less about losing the job i m mad more about the reasons , said year old glen hiller , of berkeley springs , west virginia .
a trained engineer , kuznetsov did not let his followers watch television , listen to the radio or handle money , according to russian media reports .
according to the commission report , restaino was presiding over a domestic violence case when a ringing mobile phone interrupted proceedings .
after the house vote , congressional leaders met with the president in what they called a positive exchange .
kim jin sun , governor of kangwon province , to which pyeongchang belongs , told reporters during an intermission to the morning s presentation , some of the delegation members said in the q a session that they were deeply impressed by pyeongchang s effort to make the winter olympics a time of peace and harmony .
the naples court will have to rewrite the summons , although this will probably delay the trial , said disney lawyer cristina ravelli .
the university police department is offering a reward for information about the nooses .
the troops were requested by the international security assistance force .
paris , france ap senior minister alain juppe said he intended to resign from french president nicolas sarkozy s government after he was beaten sunday in parliamentary elections .
mclaughlin told fox news sunday that about eight of the al qaeda terrorists who carried out the attacks on september th , , travelled through iran on their way to the u . s .
for people of all ages , a visit to the national museum of american history can be a defining event , providing a deep and fundamental understanding of what it has meant to be an american , brent d . glass , director of the museum , said in a written statement .
the northern ireland assembly was formed
test data should help improve the security and comfort of passengers in the future , he said .
sharif was convicted of terrorism , hijacking and tax evasion after musharraf seized power in .
the hard part is over right now , bonds said .
corbett national park is no serengeti or kruger .
a german foreign ministry spokesman said that while the government is taking the report seriously , they have no confirmation their citizens have been killed .
the common denominator of all the candidates is that they are strong advocates of engaging north korea .
it will also offer tax breaks for the purchase of locally developed hybrid fuel vehicles beginning in and make it mandatory for government agencies to purchase the energy efficient cars from .
delegates to the council voted for incheon in preference to the indian capital , new delhi , at a meeting in kuwait .
according to police , chae started the fire to draw attention to alleged incomplete payment for real estate he sold in ilsan , gyeonggi province .
now they can only monitor such weapons .
ilfc has a portfolio valued at more than billion , consisting of about jet aircraft .
if we can t establish presence and a brand name , we ll die .
saying pettitte was and will remain a close friend , clemens said he believes pettitte made a mistake .
an ordinary compass , points to magnetic north , which is fickle and unreliable .
they didn t land , they didn t know whether they would ever get home , but as they circled the moon , taking the famous earthrise picture that some people still have on their computer desktops today , they read from the bible , from the book of genesis .
the three soldiers disappeared on may after an attack in which four u . s . troops and one iraqi soldier were killed .
quantum of solace reinforced the holiday fever over the weekend , taking in . million
pakistan successfully test fired a new version of its long range nuclear capable missile on friday , the military said .
republicans call the debt involved irresponsible , which obama says is a bit much , coming from the folks who left him trillion dollar deficits .
the logo should not be shown on tv at all at the moment , harding told the bbc . it fails harding fpa machine test which is the machine the television industry uses to test images .
after giving an assignment , ask that person to describe the task in their own words .
they re praying for your friends who have fallen and who are injured .
abbas has been involved in a political power struggle against gaza based leaders of hamas , a group which israel considers terrorist and which opposes the jewish state .
we ve managed to remove the parasitic twin out of lakshmi s body and started reconstructing her pelvic bone . we have managed to get the pelvic bone together .
investors fear that the collapse of one of wall street s biggest names means that the credit crunch is escalating .
that rain has led to a two hour flight delays at the philadelphia airport
one by one , name actors were brought in and matched to their characters
but one out of four of those questioned said the republican party brought its convention to manhattan to support the city and show it s safe , according to a survey of victims relatives conducted by the new york times .
some hail the changes as a boost for traditional culture , and others say the change isn t enough .
i receive many e mails from people who have seen my work and are then inspired to get down on the floor with their kids and build .
an expedition by scientists studied the geology and biology of eight macquarie ridge sea mounts .
cnn researchers have discovered the oldest piece of gold jewelry ever found in the americas , an academic journal reported tuesday .
derives from the ancient practice of using tattoos to brand thieves and slaves .
new zealand fishermen netted a , pound , foot long squid in the southern ocean in february .
the film stars british comedian sacha baron cohen as a spoof reporter on a trip to the us .
the ap s bob salsberg reports it from boston that kennedy has already had six weeks of chemotherapy and radiation treatment .
a flotilla of coast guard and law enforcement boats planned to follow the whales to make sure they didn t head back up the channel .
air force fighter jet crashed into the yellow sea yesterday morning during a routine training flight and the pilot ejected safely , the u . s . military command in korea said .
dean said he doesn t have a problem with the superdelegates waiting to make their decision until after primary season ends on june , but he says sooner is better than later .
and i think the almost undeviating support by great britain for the ill advised policies of president bush in iraq have been a major tragedy for the world , carter told british broadcasting corp . radio .
foreign minister ban ki moon reiterated the need for seoul and washington to stand side by side in a horizontal relationship .
the armistice is a reminder of the failure to achieve a lasting peace , but it s also a date largely forgotten by south koreans .
hundreds of workers at scotland s only oil refinery began a hour strike on sunday , forcing bp to shut a pipeline system that delivers almost a third of britain s north sea oil .
both sides say they are less than two weeks away from final agreement over the azadegan field , which is one of the world s biggest untapped oil reserves .
with percent of the vote counted , sarkozy s ump party had percent of the vote , while the opposition socialists had percent , the interior ministry said .
in recent years it has been hit by a series of female suicides and features in the novel snow by nobel prize winner orhan pamuk .
earlier this month his defense minister , fumio kyuma , resigned over comments he made about the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki .
dick , now deputy assistant commissioner of the force , had been accused by prosecutors of failing to keep control of her officers .
taliban militants have released out of south korean hostages held in captivity in afghanistan for more than a month .
chief thomas warren of the omaha police department called the shooting premeditated , but said it appears to be very random and without provocation .
un and red cross personnel met in geneva to arrange the relief operation , as the indonesian president called for a more coordinated effort .
in response to mass protests in and , beijing made some concessions , namely offering to enlarge the strong election committee charged with selecting a new leader .
the people standing did not react for several seconds , but security guards shielded karzai and whisked him away from the reviewing stand .
a gay female couple appeared on the screen next , asking if the candidates would allow them to be married . kucinich said yes
india and pakistan , which both claim all of kashmir , have fought two wars over the territory since they gained independence from britain in .
camilla had been invited to attend the ceremony by princes william and harry and had initially accepted .
our goal is nothing short of ending wasteful printing worldwide , hamilton said .
he canceled yesterday his entire schedule for today .
we thought this was going to generate a conciliatory discussion , but it has had the opposite effect , said alfredo rodes , executive director of the confederation of rural associations of buenos aires and la pampa .
the world s leading nations stepped up their efforts sunday to stem the fallout from the worst global financial crisis in decades .
we expect the government of iraq to find those responsible for this deliberate attack and punish them .
last week , a government commissioned study estimated that the cost of hosting the games would be about billion kroner . billion , or nearly double the figure used by the tromsoe organizing committee .
dida was struck by a lit flare while playing in a champions league quarter final for ac milan versus city rivals internazionale , suffering first degree burns to his shoulder .
the main opposition lawmaker s remark came on the second day of the national assembly s day audit of state affairs while he presented detailed information of a u . s . scenario in for launching preemptive attacks against north korea that would take out crucial targets .
congress is talking about extending jobless benefits for people whose checks have run out , and there s late word that the white house is now on board .
but china , which had encouraged north korea to imitate its economic reforms , gave a lukewarm reception to yang s appointment .
that combination worked .
and if the trend of talented youngsters continues , tiger may be forgiven for being worried by this attention from a rising star .
a south korean delegation has arrived in the afghan province where koreans are being hostage in an attempt to hold direct talks with taliban kidnappers and end the two week ordeal .
dip them into water keep a bucket of water near you shake off the excess water and rub that over the upholstery , and the hair will collect on the rubber gloves .
but the united states and north korea cannot agree on what items need to be on the list .
here are some tips and strategies to help you get the best price .
although the line seems to have suffered damages or mutations , we are sure that it was established through cloning , and tests prove this , he told the korea times .
confusion reigned , however , when , a mere few hours later , sorial was quoted in scotland s the scotsman newspaper as saying there was no change to the plans , and the lengthy timetable of construction has nothing to do with the credit crunch .
the tgv , short for train a grande vitesse , as france s bullet trains are called , is made up of three double decker cars between two engines .
he is a third grader . . . . the boy s other attorney , ben brewer , told kpho he questions whether police acted properly in their interviews with the boy .
the presidential visit was unannounced for security reasons .
factor in your nerves and you ll be lucky to remember your own name .
queen elizabeth ii made william the , th knight to join the order and formally presented him with the regalia , including a blue garter , sash and star brooch .
the ap s sophia manos has a preview
russian diplomats have avoided a clear statement on the question of a veto alluding to the possibility , but making no firm statement .
it was the best overall performance in four years .
the central high school national historic site offers tours related to the crisis , and visitors to little rock will find a variety of things to see and do this summer and early fall to mark the th anniversary of the events .
cambridge , massachusetts cnn the internet is setting a new standard for celebrity .
while there is no exact count of how many foreigners live in favelas , rio s federation of favela associations says the number has risen sharply , from dozens a decade ago to hundreds today , especially from europe and the united states .
a new government study says food allergies are up among america s kids over a ten year period .
iraqi troops and police arrived and chased off the militants , the official said .
the bank warns that the river basins of the jordan , tigris and euphrates in the middles east will become the most dangerous flashpoints .
it is a possibility that life has been transported from earth to mars or vice versa a long time ago .
wanting to die , she said she subsequently swallowed two bottles of over the counter pain reliever .
new york ap in a flurry of red , white and blue balloons , streamers and confetti , broadway bid goodbye to les miserables .
putin said the new pipeline s annual capacity may reach at least billion cubic meters of gas by , while russian industry and energy minister viktor khristenko told reporters that it could eventually carry billion cubic meters a year .
the unemployment rate hit a nine year low of . percent in april , which may signal a tighter job market that could lead to rises in wages and push up prices .
plus the princess was the mother of his grandchildren .
had a debut album neatly tied with a bow .
the government has formed a high level committee to tackle crucial diplomatic and security issues between seoul and washington as the nations begin negotiations on the reduction of u . s . forces in korea , the national security council announced yesterday .
song young moo is favored to become chairman of the joint chiefs of staff jcs , replacing gen .
all your debaucheries weren t enough .
the implementation of the deal aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program has been delayed by a row over m m of north korean money held in a macau bank .
sarkozy s approval ratings dropped during their courtship in part , analysts say , because many older , more traditional voters were put off by his glitzy , jet setting style .
pakistani security forces on monday shot and wounded a well known taliban operative in southwestern pakistan near the afghan border , the military said .
bromo usually roars to life once a year , often blasting pumice , smoke and ash into the sky .
tama now lives full time at the station , with her mom and a friend .
but unusual creatures are all in a day s drinking for the tavern , said bartender leila naray .
but jose luis de jesus miranda is not your typical minister .
a spokeswoman said the agency was informed of the outbreak on sunday .
but i think we are on a path that if north korea is prepared to verifiably denuclearize , then this is a country that can finally break out of isolation , and yes , indeed break out of its isolation with the u . s . , too , rice said .
ghazni , afghanistan cnn a group of taliban militants tried to overrun a u . s . led coalition base in southern afghanistan on tuesday , a rare frontal attack that left more than militants dead , the coalition said in a statement .
the agreement brings an end to the ongoing trademark lawsuit between apple inc . charts , creator of the ipod digital music player and macintosh line of computers , and apple corps .
it was not known whether the message would be audio or video or when it might be posted .
six asiatic wild elephants were electrocuted as they went berserk after drinking rice beer in india s remote northeast , a wildlife official said tuesday .
brown said people would remember how he led the country after july , how he responded for the world after september in america and how he responded to the tragic death of princess diana .
the sunday times of london reported this month at least workers had died at venues for the beijing olympics and said chinese officials were covering up the accidents .
i want to tell you please . . . do not send fan mail to any address that you have .
the government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis , belliveau added .
dramatic faa tapes released today of the conversation between air traffic controllers and the pilot of usa airways flight no . right after the plane hit a flock of birds
the license means the couple can get married any time during the next year .
to our knowledge the next plan of the tibet independence forces is to organize suicide squads to launch violent attacks , wu heping , spokesman for china s ministry of public security , said at a news conference , according to a translation of his remarks by the associated press .
carlin was best known for his routine seven words you can never say on television , which appeared in s class clown album .
bruni said she does not like the idea of divorce and said she would be a no nonsense first lady of france .
the rally was being held to commemorate the third anniversary of palestinian leader yasser arafat s death .
j . k . rowling s seventh potter book will be a hulking pages , scholastic said , a comparable length to the last couple of potter releases .
whole mail order departments to more than , rural residents spread over an area twice the size of texas .
but alexander vershbow , u . s . ambassador to seoul , indicated that in his view chapter will mainly deal with economic sanctions .
government rules should promote fair competition , the federation of korean industries , the main lobby for big business , said yesterday in a page proposal to the finance ministry , the national assembly and other policymakers .
sarkozy s speech to congress will be the first address by a french leader since president jacques chirac s appearance in .
clinton was set to campaign in philadelphia , following rallies in scranton , pittsburgh and harrisburg .
bulldozer , who promised to save the economy , won him a landslide victory .
we relaxed , talked , socialized . and when you get off the train , you are right there at the slopes .
talks were being held in afghanistan s ghazni province , and the negotiators discussed a taliban prisoner hostage swap .
the protesters clashed with police who sprayed water on them to block their march .
in a televised address , yudhoyono called on the people of indonesia to pay their last respects to one of indonesia s best sons and national leader who has done very great service to his beloved nation .
some protesters pushed through a police cordon and used a construction crane to remove a cargo container that was used to block their path .
hyundai is offering in japan only the first product for watching the d programs that cable stations in japan now broadcast about four times a day .
five other jurisdictions around the world have legalized same sex marriage
heineken said volumes grew percent in russia and it had maintained its market share .
prosecutors have said they wanted to keep kerviel jailed to prevent him from speaking to accomplices .
xavi hernandez scored the winner for barca after minutes to secure a vital three points .
hilton says her dating life isn t as wild as the tabloids make it out to be .
the medal is a symbol of the bond and friendship between america and france , said christophe van de weghe , a manhattan art dealer who represented the foundation .
meanwhile , locally the prosecution said that it has begun investigating the bank accounts of samsung group chairman lee kun hee s children to trace transactions that may have carried illegal wealth transfers .
japan s government has been relatively quiet about the violence in tibet and , out of deference to beijing , does not deal officially with the dalai lama .
a chinese spokesman said the call for an independence vote amounted to exposing chen s intent toward independence and compared chen to former president lee teng hui .
elden has snagged an internship with street artist shepard fairey , creator of the ubiquitous warhol esque red , white and blue barack obama posters .
in the new application , shin is accused of embezzlement , in addition to academic forgery .
it also helped design the revolutionary engine that powered burt rutan s spaceshipone , the first commercial spacecraft , into the history books in .
given total private school enrollment of million , that s about of the student population .
below the top three men , wimbledon organizers have made a number of changes from the current order in the world rankings .
maybe what it got was . , triggering sell orders across the board .
everyone should take stock of the leverage we have to get north korea to return to the six party talks , she said at a joint news conference with minister of foreign affairs and trade ban ki moon .
six female nobel peace laureates have jointly appealed to the un urging it to help ms suu kyi gain her freedom .
oral arguments in the case in march lasted more than three hours , a sign of the political and legal issues at stake .
the distress signal from the takayama was tanker is being threatened by boat with weapons and being fired upon , vogler wander said .
we are not going to simply write a bunch of checks and let them be spent without some very clear criteria as to how this money is going to benefit the overall economy and put people back to work . we re not going to be making decisions on projects simply based on politics and
landis faces a disciplinary hearing in the u . s . next month after testing positive for testosterone during the tour .
i haven t lost a bag in the last year .
but a top us adviser on the issue , dennis wilder , insisted that no one has let them off the hook .
turkish foreign minister abdullah gul has vowed to continue in his bid to become the country s next president despite opposition from lawmakers , business leaders and military chiefs and a massive public demonstration in istanbul on sunday .
people have stopped working together , government is dysfunctional , there s no collaborating and congeniality , he said . america is being held back .
and as israel keeps up its air attacks , former prime minister benjamin netanyahu tells the cbs early show , gaza s hamas rulers have got to go
the suspects were convinced he was guided by a higher purpose
although ours is a youth oriented culture , older adults may benefit most from touch , she says .
carlos tevez came off the bench to equalise three minutes from time after nani s cross caused confusion in the lyon defense .
the government of mexico expresses its deepest sympathy for the cowardly assassination of an exemplary official committed to the security of mexican families , the statement said .
the un has passed two packages of sanctions against iran for refusing to suspend its uranium enrichment program . un secretary general ban ki moon urged iran to follow the security council resolution and an eu spokesman renewed calls for iran to suspend uranium enrichment .
nearly percent of china s internet users are surfing the web with a broadband connection an increase of million from .
omar said his father did not try to dissuade him from leaving al qaeda .
evacuations also were reported from the provincial capital of legazpi and nearby daraga township , cedric daep , executive officer of the albay disaster office , said .
another witness said the jet was flying at a low altitude and just spiraled , right out of the movie top gun .
lebanese defense minister elias murr repeatedly has said he wants al abssi dead or alive .
so the message is clear
a civil air patrol spokeswoman , major cynthia ryan , said planes were searching for the year old .
the ceo is announcing the cuts at a town hall meeting with employees , as the banking giant struggles to steady itself after suffering massive losses in the financial meltdown .
the babysitter told state police she put the girls down for a nap wednesday and then took a nap herself .
speaking at a meeting of south korean diplomatic mission chiefs abroad in seoul , lee described socioeconomic polarization as one of the biggest problems facing the country .
a royal source told the press association , it was nothing more than high jinks at the end of term in may . a group of them were reprimanded and that s the end of the matter .
analysts say the new list could lead to a host of new business , city or hobby specific domain names , such as dot hotel , dot flight , dot fishing or even dot sex .
a robot that gives shampoos is already widely deployed at hair salons across japan .
there still are a number of other americans out there , including some in fairly remote areas who have expressed an interest in leaving , and we re going to continue to work to assist them to be able to do so , state department spokesman tom casey said wednesday .
she was arrested the next day in melvern , kansas , where she was showing off the newborn as her own .
he closed out with a special version of glory days that made springsteen s old high school buddy a big football player instead of baseball , one who threw a hail mary instead of a speedball .
the two fields of computer research are at different stages in their life cycles .
anybody with any brains has advocated that , but not the politicians .
the walk is to begin june and should take about days , he added
police say the teen had been drinking heavily for days to get into a club that had been banished from the state university of new york in geneseo .
there is speculation that he was killed by a us missile strike in the north waziristan area of pakistan this week .
in court papers , vander ark , , said he was a teacher and school librarian in byron center , mich . , before recently moving to london to begin a career as a writer .
online shopping malls are not supposed to take advantages of customers ignorance of consumer protection law .
senate finance committee chairman max baucus calls tim geithner s failure to pay self employment taxes unintentional and honest mistakes .
the court summons cites titti , paperino , paperina , topolino the italian names for the characters as damaged parties in the criminal trial of a chinese man accused of counterfeiting products of disney and warner bros .
earlier this month , the governor of the central bank park seung said the current account surplus in would be at least billion , lower than the bank s target of billion or equivalent to about one percent of gross domestic product gdp .
suharto , who , like other indonesians , only has one name , was president of indonesia from until he was forced to resign amid immense political pressure and mass street protests in .
environmental legislation comes at a high cost to countries which are trying to survive economically .
nervous investors jumped out of the market for the second time in two weeks , sending major indexes tumbling by between and percent .
there was a big sign saying no baptisms , no masses , no confirmations .
his homeland security clearance .
and nine months later , we have this
who did his interview with an arm in a sling the pain is just part of making a bond film .
the dow is up points .
in recent weeks , clarkson has made headlines for saying the media is exaggerating reports that she and music mogul clive davis clashed over her upcoming cd , my december , to be released by rca records , a unit of sony bmg music entertainment .
caracas , venezuela ap the strike against president hugo chavez s rule began strangling venezuela s critical oil industry as thousands of opposition demonstrators noisily marched to a key symbol of the president s revolution .
a british soldier on a routine patrol was killed in a firefight with taliban militants in southern afghanistan friday , the british defense ministry said .
korean internet and telecom industries started a counter action toward japan s recent claim to tokdo .
from post consumer and industrial waste comes durable , funky accessories reportedly worn by celebrities such as lindsay lohan , cameron diaz and petra nemcova .
south korea scored . and ranked th out of oecd member countries .
bangkok , thailand cnn six western tourists and two thai guides died after flash floods swept them away while they were exploring a cave at a southern thai national park , police said sunday . at least one tourist survived .
american me lisa barber beat her compatriot sanya richards into second place in the women s meters , winning in . seconds with richards . behind .
winehouse made her u . s . debut this year with the acclaimed album back to black , but her tabloid troubles have often overshadowed her talent .
west ham united is a wonderful club and a well run company , fridgeirsson said .
the doubters said the fake was done so poorly that there is ample evidence of fraud , including a picture of astronauts planting the american flag that allegedly shows the flag rippling in the wind .
when she gets the urge to snack , she goes right to her computer
we did have some good signs in berlin , but i think we also know that there is going to be some rather hard bargaining , so we ll see how we do .
she called the government s argument that the fbi had no duty to get involved in the state case absurd .
and nato supply route in pakistan attacked again
her parents said she disappeared from their hotel room at a resort in praia da luz , portugal , while they dined in a nearby restaurant .
that is also another reason for not coming to shanghai , nadal added .
the minister and lee baek man , senior presidential secretary for public information , tendered their resignation to roh earlier in the day , chong wa dae announced .
al qaeda in iraq fighters have launched aggressive attacks against awakening councils in diyala province in recent weeks .
our theory has refined to the point where we can actually compute these trajectories and we find patterns going around the planets and the sun .
niigata is kilometers miles northwest of tokyo .
almost from the very start , slaves were a common sight in the executive mansion .
two russian cosmonauts and a u . s . billionaire who helped develop microsoft word floated into the international space station early tuesday to the earthbound applause of martha stewart and others at mission control .
when barksdale arrived in silicon valley , netscape was a chaotic corps of employees , some younger than his won kids .
no disease free population in tasmania the only place in the world where the carnivorous marsupials exist outside zoos .
that body parts were spread throughout the apartment , and that calva is being investigated in the deaths of three women whose mutilated bodies had been found in and around the capital .
sharif s pakistan muslim league n party has , and the pml q party , which backs musharraf , received seats .
but it is not clear whether that committee has the power to make a final decision , or whether it will fall to the credentials committee , which will decide in august which delegations will be seated at the presidential nominating convention in denver .
carroll was joined by former munchkin colleagues ruth duccini , jerry maren , margaret pellegrini , meinhardt raabe , karl slover and clarence swensen .
washington has accused the islamic movement of harboring fugitives from the al qaeda terrorist network , including a suspect in the bombings of u . s . embassies in kenya and tanzania .
paris mayor bertrand delanoe officiated and gave a speech saying how happy he was that they were married in the city of light , said the mayor of paris th district , dominique bertinotti .
authorities frequently blame the disasters on criminal gangs who break into the pipelines to siphon fuel for sale , attracting crowds of people who come in their wake to scavenge for fuel .
constitutional court decided the national security law are constitutional .
another was killed on mount surak in the nearby city of uijeongbu , also around noon .
malaysia is one of the world s biggest producers of illegal films and albums .
bypassing legal precedents , prosecutor general chung sang myoung met with journalists yesterday and explained the prosecution s proposal directly to the media .
in the streets of karachi before the news of woolmer s death protesters burned effigies of woolmer and the team captain .
the national health insurance corporation released the report , titled analysis of medical checkup , which showed that of all people eligible for a medical checkup , only . percent actually took the checkup last year .
the genteel would normally say how do you do ? and talk about going to the lavatory .
airbus has previously said it is committed to handing over a s in , in , and in .
roh slams samsung over corporate governance .
the koreans scored twice while the u . s . was a player short on the field for several minutes in the second half , before o reilly tied the score with a shot into the top corner of the net .
the population dropped more than percent from its all time high five years ago , according to an internal memo sent to members of the pacific fishery management council and obtained by the associated press .
sony s organic thin film transistor , which is required to make flexible displays , and organic electroluminescent display .
out of more than eucalyptus species in australia , koalas will only eat the leaves of about , hume said .
at least people have now died of sars worldwide .
with longtime tv collaborators matt reeves directing and drew goddard writing the screenplay , abrams set out to create a homegrown beast beyond the guy in a lizard suit quaintness of godzilla flicks , bringing the creature feature into modern times .
the bus was traveling between the predominantly shiite neighborhoods of autaifiya and kadhimiya .
new york cnn best selling author j . k . rowling said monday that her efforts to halt a publisher s harry potter encyclopedia have been crushing her creativity .
for one person , the idea of spending a cold winter s night alone seems great
but varadi , a year veteran researcher , said that if he had to guess whether the object that hit the earth was a comet or an asteroid , he would choose the asteroid theory .
acknowledging the odds are against them , relatives of the september attacks filed a count , trillion lawsuit against the company the lawsuit was filed in u . s .
president bush has apologized for the deaths of two south korean girls more than five months ago .
four serb paramilitaries seen in a video gunning down bosnian muslims near srebrenica in were convicted of war crimes against civilians on tuesday by serbia s war crimes court .
roh told the daily that the gnp is a party with roots in regionalism and the vestiges of military dictatorships , calling on the people to support a candidate from the pro government uri party .
he was just extremely impassive , extremely composed , controlled .
the service isn t what it used to be .
foreign minister song min soon on wednesday described the ongoing efforts to dismantle north korea s nuclear weapons program as fragile .
elections pit flemish parties in dutch speaking flanders against french speaking parties in wallonia .
with the new rules , ngos live under a looming threat of harassment , said roth . and this is a serious threat to freedom of expression in russia .
nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital city .
istanbul , turkey cnn turkey s top general warned that ties with the u . s . , already strained by attacks from rebels hiding in iraq , will be irreversibly damaged if congress passes a resolution that labels the world war i era killings of armenians a genocide .
turkish forces , backed by the air force , began a ground operation last thursday night against kurdish rebels in northern iraq the first significant turkish ground offensive into iraq since the fall of saddam hussein s regime .
authorities did not say how they knew the baby had been in the mud since the flooding .
over the last two years , four members of parliament have been assassinated and , in their honor , majority mps placed their pictures in their seats , draped in the lebanese flag .
kim s death shocked the south korea .
the car was used to pick up two other militants who had been riding in the truck , the israeli military said .
last summer , a colorado teen ended up with similar injuries when lightning struck nearby as he was listening to his ipod while mowing the lawn .
california gov . arnold schwarzenegger on monday declared a fiscal emergency , calling for fast legislative action to alleviate the state s . billion shortfall in revenue .
i was a victim of my own attempts to contribute to cleaning up the church with my psychoanalyst work , la repubblica quoted stenico as saying .
a powerful typhoon that weakened into a tropical storm blew tuesday toward japan , leaving at least people dead in the philippines , officials said .
cnn a gunman killed eight people and wounded five others wednesday at the popular westroads mall in omaha , nebraska , before apparently turning the gun on himself , police said .
we will reorganize and continue working .
he said washington reprimanded him for the remarks
toronto , ontario cnn canada s conservative government says the country s troops will leave southern afghanistan in .
during the traffic stop , paul said , stiles first presented a california driver s license that didn t resemble him .
baghdad s willingness to boost diplomatic relations with the outside world .
five children were among the dead , said nikhil gupta , the police superintendent in nashik , about km miles east of mumbai .
the french interior minister says there was no risk of explosion when a bundle of old dynamite was found in a paris department store this morning .
brussels , belgium cnn annual inflation in the euro zone rose to a new high of . percent in may , according to data released monday that reflects surging food , fuel and housing prices across the nation currency bloc .
that s the survey s lowest mark and third deepest drop since it was started more than years ago .
nations that have been spared the chaos include israel whose traffic uses a different route and lebanon and iraq .
the agreement was included in an eight point joint press statement signed between lee , the south s chief delegate to the talks , and his northern counterpart kwon ho ung .
the president s remark that he does not have the legal right to dismiss the police commissioner general means that he wants huh to take the proper action first , he said .
president elect barack obama continues to push for his multi billion dollar economic recovery plan .
his sons and daughters range in age from about years to .
the message being sent is that the government will crack down on people who try to get rich illegally and buy power with money .
it comes little more than three months after president lee myung bak s hard fought election campaign .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan said pyongyang could speak directly to washington within the context of those multilateral contacts .
his decision to go ahead with it was seen by some as a complicated political gamble .
it is my duty to give constant and serious considerations to the interests and opinions of as broad a range of political organizations and forces as possible , ibrahim gambari said , reading the statement from suu kyi .
i would say that as a candidate , sen . obama said that he wanted all the bush executive orders reviewed and decide which ones should be kept and which ones should be repealed and which ones should be amended , and that process is going on . it s been undertaken , podesta said sunday on fox news .
obama ups jobs goal to million on bad economic news
a spokesman for exxon mobil , gantt walton , said the company was reviewing the lawsuit and had no immediate comment on it .
a turkish military source said warplanes launched the limited strike on tuesday after spotting kurdistan workers party pkk guerrillas during a reconnaissance flight .
hal gehman , head of a board investigating the columbia accident , said sunday that the object detected near the shuttle could have come from the spacecraft itself and could be ice .
lee jae oh who is expected to resign from the party s supreme council to protest the chairman s reforms .
but officials hope to resolve what they have called a misunderstanding .
mugabe s zanu pf party took of the seats , while the opposition mdc won , final official results showed .
a text message arrived with her latest time as she crossed the six timing mats around the course .
an increase in the number of children born to women in their early s contributed most to the current growth .
the culprits , the institute said , are red eared turtles , which had been imported into korea from the late s until to dress up home aquariums .
aung kyi , a retired general currently serving as deputy labor minister , was appointed to continue relations with her in the future , state tv said .
the release of one of the most hotly awaited computer games in the past year has been delayed over concerns some of the background music may offend muslims .
the destructive force might have been comparable to an asteroid or comet that exploded over siberia in , which flattened square miles of trees , according to the neo .
i have a message , it is a message of peace , forgiveness , a message pleading for better relationships , not cheating the children and encouraging them into terrorism and suicide .
loving contact before a tough day at work could carry over and protect you throughout the day , says psychologist karen grewen with the school of medicine at the university of north carolina chapel hill .
the pre dawn blast occurred in the town of cangas .
hwang woo suk is under blaming of conservative religious groups .
in recent days , china has ratcheted up its claims that a clique loyal to exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , is behind the violence in tibet .
included were genetic traces of butterflies , moths , flies and beetles , they report in friday s edition of the journal science .
wmap is the result of a partnership between the nasa goddard space flight center and princeton university .
chinese officials closed off the temple after the monks protest .
the korea herald reports supreme court justice nominee kim young ran yesterday called on the national assembly to abolish within its term the controversial hoju system , in which women are not allowed to officially head a family .
the court turned down the appeal monday .
the government denies such allegations .
birmingham , england cnn defender zat knight scored on his debut to help aston villa defeat chelsea and shatter the london club s seven month unbeaten premier league run .
a laptop computer was on each side so she could watch past boston marathons on a dvd and keep track of where the space station was flying .
sloppy engine maintenance caused last month s fighter jet crash in the yellow sea , korea s air force said .
in recent months weapons inspectors have reported difficulty in clearing up mysteries about the scope and purpose of iran s nuclear program and outstanding questions about iran s past program .
the election had been scheduled for january , but in the wake of bhutto s assassination , the election commission is expected to announce wednesday that it will delay the vote at least four weeks into february , sources at the commission said .
philippinos , singaporeans and pakistani s are all known to speak heavily accented english , however , and the justice ministry issues the visa to non native english speakers only in exceptional cases .
restaurants hire more staff , such as hosts , hostesses and servers , to accommodate the increase in patrons .
dagens nyheter said it received the letter from concert organizer ema telstar .
but how long will it hold up ?
asked to comment on the reports that the guard corps may be named a terrorist group , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe would only say
he was also found guilty of three attempted murders .
henman , who will turn on september , was forced to pull out of this week s atp event in new haven .
financial title co . filed the notice of trustee s sale with santa barbara county superior court , setting the auction date for march .
bruno is also waiting for a new home as the owner of the bullmastiff cross moved into a flat which does not allow pets .
the israeli military claimed it was not aware of the incident .
a saudi intelligence official said friday that the nine months long terror sweep by saudi security forces netted militants members of cells that make up the al qaeda network the saudis have been tracking for years .
a half point cut is certainly on the table and it s about time . the fed has a lot of work to do , said james glassman , senior economist with jpmorgan chase .
still , prices have come down since july .
about south korean military medics and engineers have been operating in the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah for a year .
royal added that sarkozy , who has topped every opinion poll since collecting the most votes in the first round of voting on april , could not even set foot in some deprived suburbs without provoking unrest .
the final decision rests with the immigration official at the port of entry .
however , akagi s father told kyodo that the home had never been used as a political office .
eight people died sunday after a section of stands at a soccer stadium in northeastern brazil collapsed as cheering fans jumped up and down at the end of a game , police said .
she said careful consideration was being given to the teenager s mental well being and the program makers were in constant contact with her therapists throughout the filming process .
the shooting appeared to be carried out by the same extremists behind a string of bombings of internet cafes and pool halls in gaza , said abu shamaleh .
it began sunday when oklahoma defensive back dominique franks was asked where florida s tim tebow would rank as a big quarterback .
it was a combination of things , steinberg said .
a free and fair election is impossible , tsvangirai told reporters sunday . we in the mdc have resolved that we will no longer participate in this violent , illegitimate . . . sham of an election process .
they were thought to be planning a second wedding ceremony saturday at a paris church that used to serve french royals .
the korea times says roh also made it clear in his speech that his government is determined to pursue a plan that does not clash with the court s ruling but maintains the principle of balanced development across the nation .
seventeen iraqis were killed , including women and children , and were wounded , according to iraqi officials .
they won t be able to record tv shows or anything else until writable that is , recordable discs hit the market .
he was killed in while serving with the japanese navy during world war ii and is listed among the . million war dead honored at the yasukuni shrine .
four from every u . s . state
he died in the hospital of wounds from the blast , said thomassen s newspaper , dagbladets .
leaving the glamour of hollywood far behind , stone arrived in the steamy colombian city of villavicencio on saturday as part of a mission led by venezuelan president hugo chavez to retrieve three hostages held for years by the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc .
travolta , who also talks of his habit of going to bed at or in the morning and waking in the early afternoon , says being famous has little impact on how he lives his life .
u . s . district judge paul l . friedman denied that request late tuesday but not because hinckley wasn t ready .
in a conference call tuesday , bartz acknowledged the many problems yahoo is facing .
for craig , my husband , allowing the cameras to film his last moments in zurich was about facing the end of life honestly , she told the independent .
korea s top negotiator , told reporters during a briefing at the fifth round of talks held in big sky , montana .
it was not so much the achievement of being first to the top of the world , but the manner in which hillary handled the fame .
in some cases , he said , the idea to eliminate organizations that support communist goals has spilled over into decisions to extrajudicially execute those who cannot be reached by legal process .
tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful , civilian purposes .
for example , the autobot missions begin in a suburban neighborhood , where you first assume the role of a yellow and black transformer named bumblebee .
obama also mentioned plans to rework health care , which he says is key to the economic recovery .
france has the highest number of top restaurants with entries in the top list up from last year .
there is only one batman in the world , hurriyet daily news . com reported kalkan as telling the dogan news agency . the american producers used the name of our city without informing us .
this calculated the proportion of men and women over who had completed different levels of schooling ie , none
we point out the warning signs and investigate which industries are ripe for the next round of restructuring .
the four foreign banks citigroup inc . , britain s hsbc holdings plc , standard chartered bank plc and hong kong s bank of east asia ltd . are expected to focus mainly on china s growing ranks of newly wealthy customers eager to find better investment options and nicer treatment than they can get at a big state owned bank .
toronto , canada cnn a volcano has erupted on a tiny island off the coast of yemen , spewing lava and ash hundreds of feet into the air , a canadian naval vessel near the island in the red sea reported sunday .
european officials joined the ioc in urging beijing to end the violence and engage in dialogue , but also said politics should not intrude on the spirit of the games .
thousands of hindu protesters met water cannons and tear gas in malaysia s capital on sunday while demanding equal rights and consideration from the government .
another cell , based in reggio emilia , had the goal of creating a grand islamic empire stretching from morocco to china , police said .
the polls really shot up .
officials in kansas said people were killed in the tornado packing storms nine friday night and one saturday night .
add another . degrees and as many as billion people could be without water and about percent to percent of the world s species near extinction .
it pulled in . million .
carlos tevez stepped off the bench to grab a late equalizer for manchester united in their champions league knock out round first leg match with lyon in france .
if they hadn t caught me , i would have never stopped . having caught me , they saved many lives . watch video report on serial killer alexander pichushkin
around , residents from the town of maitland in the hunter valley were evacuated on sunday fearing the swollen hunter river would break levees overnight , said emergency officials .
president elect barack obama and his family are in hawaii for the holidays .
that s the day some in parliament say is when his term ends .
the lift s other six seater gondolas were vacant .
we have a map of the earliest light of the universe that is complete , and it is stunning to look at , princeton physicist lyman page said .
forbes magazine estimated his fortune in million , but his businesses have shrunk since his arrest and his current worth is unknown .
in cooperation with a pan governmental inspection team , the prosecution since july has found a total of , people committed irregularities in connection with speculative investment in land and houses . of them were arrested .
cannavaro was instrumental in italy s run to the world cup title two years ago , earning the golden ball award based on his efforts at the tournament in germany .
his father and brother stayed with brown and he was released wednesday morning in good condition , parks said .
krosa the cambodian word for crane killed five people saturday on taiwan as it knocked out power to million homes and soaked the island , according to taiwan s disaster relief center .
anchorage , alaska cnn a tiny alaska village eroding into the arctic ocean sued two dozen oil , power and coal companies tuesday , claiming that the large amounts of greenhouse gases they emit contribute to global warming that threatens the community s existence .
gm actually plans to cut , dealers ?
after rape , many women were shot or stabbed in the genital area , and survivors told erturk that while held as slaves by the gangs they had been forced to eat excrement or the flesh of their murdered relatives .
russia fears the missile shield would blunt its nuclear deterrent .
the committee consists of public officials from various government bodies such as the ministry of justice , the national police agency , the ministry of finance and economy , and the national tax service .
ferraro said the cheetahs remain on the property in cages .
the company said trading was suspended monday to avoid any disorderly market and volatility in the securities of the company that may result from further release of unverified allegations in the media .
the sydney morning herald reported the cat was jittery , anxious and had trouble walking .
but he also urged americans to do more in the fight against global warming and complained that the bush administration had allowed the dollar to plummet against the euro .
a soldier was killed tuesday in baghdad when a roadside bomb detonated during clearing operations , the military said .
the indian countryside .
the walls and stage at a local conference center where the event was held were festooned in red , featuring a huge sign reading hail to sino africa new type strategic partnership , red banners in chinese lettering , and a huge map of the proposed economic zone .
seoul s world cup stadium is listed as being able to seat , fans , but fifa communications director keith cooper told a press conference that , seats remained unfilled .
high end hotel company amanresorts is even restoring the resort island of sveti stefan .
iraqi and british troops in a multinational force .
marathon director , the reverend michael hall , says it started sunday evening , and will continue day and night , rain or shine , until thursday , the national day of prayer
the trial communications , in line with a recent bilateral agreement aimed at preventing accidental armed clashes at the west sea border , marked the first direct contact between combat ready field units of the two divided koreas .
the mission will make south korea the world s th country and asia s sixth to send an astronaut into space .
four years after renouncing terrorism and abandoning its wmd programs , libya tuesday won a two year term on the u . n . security council .
she placed six of the offenders , who were minors at the time of the rape , on probation for months , local media said .
petty officer shawn eggert said the whale disappeared beneath the surface in the evening , dragging buoys that had been attached to the harpoon , and did not resurface .
as hard as your retirement account was hit last week , the ap s tim mcguire reports the poor people of the world are getting clobbered even worse .
analysts say it could shake up the economics of several industries at once , but media business analyst shelley palmer tells the ap this won t be the savior of newspapers .
blagojevich , a democrat who will appoint obama s successor , announced last week that he was assembling a panel to look over likely candidates .
ashton bonds was a senior at staunton river high school in moneta , virginia , who was diagnosed with mrsa .
eric broderick , at the substance abuse and mental health services administration , says this is a good time for parents to learn more about the dangers of inhalants
the agency made the decision to destroy the tapes only after it was determined they were no longer of intelligence value and not relevant to any internal , legislative , or judicial inquiries , hayden said .
americans are marking the three day memorial day weekend with alerts about terrorism ringing in their ears .
i ve always wanted to do this .
it allows for the resumption of imports of american beef , but not from cattle older than months , including the exclusion of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease .
they claim they fear neither bloodshed nor sacrifice , he said .
mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the , delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination .
ex don t leave the taps running .
the new bases clustered along the east coast in particular are short and median ranged missile bases aiming at japan and us military installations in japan according to a report written by yoon dong min , a security expert at the state funded institute of foreign affairs and national security .
implementing smoke free policies can lead to fewer hospitalizations resulting from heart attacks , according to a new study published by the centers for disease control and prevention .
the long awaited opening of a multi billion dollar new terminal at london s heathrow airport suffered a major setback thursday when a high tech baggage handling system malfunctioned , causing major delays amid flight cancellations .
the embattled junta on thursday accused western powers and foreign media of inciting the protests .
the damage that we saw , after receiving all the engineering tests and analysis , was not a threat to crew safety , john shannon , deputy shuttle program manager , said last week .
le gouil said he was unaware of what efforts were being made to pay the ransom and gain his release .
bosnia brought the case and would have sought billions of dollars from serbia in compensation if successful .
the deaths were israel s highest daily toll in the area since .
peace has to be addressed in a , uh in a determined and a clear way .
firefighters would remain at the hotel until the fire is completely knocked out , said clark county fire chief steven m . smith .
ahmed abdellatif sherif mohamed , , could be sent to prison for years when he is sentenced , according to federal prosecutors .
state lawmakers want to put a stop to it they want to limit the nebraska safe haven law by putting an age cap on it .
another is to replace tobacco with herbs like coltsfoot , a common plant that looks like a dandelion and that smokers describe as tasting a bit like oregano .
cnn twenty members of the polish air force returning from a flight safety conference have been killed when a transport plane crashed in the northwest of the country .
we joke about the parallels between the amazing creatures we encounter here and human family behavior .
they are clearly at the heart of the tremendous anxiety so many americans feel .
originally producers proposed the number of musicians required for the large broadway theaters be reduced to seven , a figure they later raised to and most recently to .
to knowingly disclose classified information to unauthorized recipients is a crime , and plame s position was classified .
a greek prosecutor charged the captain and five other crew members with negligence .
a submarine from the us navy s th fleet has collided with an amphibious ship in the waters between iran and the arabian peninsula .
the former baywatch star and rick salomon applied for and were granted a marriage license late saturday in las vegas , according to the clark county s marriage license bureau .
california wildfire expands
house speaker nancy pelosi says that as us troops leave iraq , washington will have to build up its intelligence gathering there .
the insurance has so far covered most drugs regardless of their prices , so long as they are approved by the korea food and drug administration , and are widely prescribed by doctors .
experts say walking is one of the safest ways to exercise .
l castro is considered more pragmatic than his older brother but hasn t shown any inclination to invite the united states to launch a full scale democratic push and overhaul of the country s institutions .
of the small pink eggs wrapped around the male s tail , nobody knows how many are viable and could actually hatch .
the new york new york hotel casino actually looked like the real new york in december .
his absence , along with that of wayne rooney , is a major setback for coach steve mcclaren .
things aren t quite right and so we ve fixed the structural problems in the economy
short of a coveted ticket for a taping of the oprah winfrey show , an easier way to surround yourself with the presence of the queen of talk is to go to her official store across from harpo studios in what was once a chicago warehouse district .
red cross officials have appealed for a truce to let aid agencies reach those worst affected by the violence .
election officials say final official returns were not expected for two more days .
but when you talk to those who do , you discover that it isn t such a mystery after all .
cnn the video is hard to turn away from . a sobbing year old sits in her bedroom and , staring into a camera , says she has been raped .
whereas of every of those older persons live today in less developed regions , by , of every will do so , it said .
it was revealed last month that rove would not be charged over the leak .
in an address to the asia foundation in san francisco , kim suggested that north korea commit itself to a verifiable denuclearization and that the u . s . , at the same time , give security assurances and ease the economic sanctions imposed on the impoverished north .
spain captain emilio sanchez vicario has until tuesday to announce his team .
the artist plans to create a gigantic face of obama sculpted from gravel and sand , which will cover nearly . acres hectare of barcelona beachfront before the u . s . elections .
nor have companies done a very good job of making the case they should be making , namely that despite the current pain , we ll all be better off once we ve adjusted to this new era of global competition and technological change .
the shuttle crew , which includes teacher astronaut barbara morgan , had been at the orbiting outpost since august .
it came as the prosecution was making a four hour opening statement , after which the case was to adjourn for three weeks .
kitt was ostracized at an early age because of her mixed race heritage , the biography says .
he is the seventh foreign coach of the south korean team .
and that represented . percent of total annual online sales of . billion , according to gartnerg , a program of business and technology research company gartner .
rushes soho , a festival that takes place every summer for a week , is in its tenth consecutive festival year .
iraq s ambassador to the united nations , mohammad al douri , delivered a letter of acceptance to kofi annan , telling reporters that iraq will not have any mass destruction weapons .
my government is committed to protecting the environment and to tackling climate change , both at home and abroad , the queen said . a bill will be brought forward to make the united kingdom the first country in the world to introduce a legally binding framework to reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
bomb attacks and other strategies are possible , according to abu dujana , who police call the most dangerous terror suspect they have ever dealt with .
rich in natural beauty , whidbey island is also home to picturesque towns and romantic b bs .
the us chief envoy , christopher hill , also voiced his anger .
a woman and four children have been killed in an apartment fire in columbus , ohio .
subdued reactions to apple s final macworld keynote
a controversy has recently erupted as some judges at district courts made conflicting rulings on the conscientious objection over the past months .
separately , in an interview with usa today on may , han said that the only way to resolve north korea s nuclear program was to have nations with troops on the peninsula , both koreas and the united states , sign a peace agreement .
she said she was disappointed that all but one member of the government refused to sign .
the finding that the possibility of additional sleep seems to be protective on the first workday after the autumn shift is intriguing , the authors wrote .
of whom uploaded stories on why they think polaroid instant film is worth keeping .
the hostages belong to the saemmul church in bundang , a city outside south korea s capital , seoul . most of them are in their s and s , and include nurses and english teachers .
therefore since these two are sick and are women , so we will release them without any condition or return .
investors are taking some comfort from the government deciding to provide billion to the part of general motors that finances new cars .
after deep and serious thinking , i decided to exclude myself from being england manager despite being a fantastic position for me .
the first new probe triggered by a complaint from norway s opera software asa will look at whether microsoft illegally gives away its internet explorer browser for free with windows .
and larry lindsey , the white house s top economic adviser , in a dramatic shakeup of the bush administration s team charged with reviving the nation s troubled economy .
trade minister kim hyun chong has said that the country might push for a free trade accord with china and japan only after concluding talks with the european union eu .
a new state forestry administration survey shows that . million square kilometers of land was desert by the end of , the state run china daily reported .
the accident at the remote site run by famed aerospace designer burt rutan rattled the fledgling space tourism industry , which has enjoyed a honeymoon period since when rutan launched spaceshipone , the first private manned rocket into space .
sen . hillary clinton on tuesday told new york lawmakers she is open to being the running mate of sen . barack obama , her rival for the democratic presidential nomination , two of the lawmakers told cnn .
lecompte told reporters he would drive to outlying villages to seek information .
royal , told french radio on friday morning she would fight to the finish , warning that sarkozy s tough stance on law and order would plunge the country into violence a reference to his role in curbing protests as interior minister during the paris riots .
banco delta asia holds roughly million in frozen north korean assets , the department said .
the cougar had people on board currently , there s a provincial airline on scene , providing top cover .
every week we play , i mean , everybody wants to say they re going to pound us physically , that s something that s , you know , that s the norm in the league .
let us make up our minds , kibaki told lawmakers tuesday in urging them to pass the deal , saying the agreement was necessary to rebuild the nation .
a muslim chaplain cleared of espionage charges after being imprisoned for days resigned from the army on monday , saying officials never apologized or allowed him to retrieve his belongings from guantanamo bay , cuba .
barack obama sometimes gets ribbed for his outsized ideas , like the massive stage built in denver , colorado , to accept the democratic presidential nomination .
hundreds of volunteers are filling a million and a half sandbags to protect the city from the flood .
control of the national assembly is central to sarkozy s agenda of tax cuts , labor reforms , and other plans to try to shake france out of its malaise .
tina fey was posing and winking again as sarah palin , with her , worth of hair , makeup and clothes .
others include denzel washington , martin scorsese , cate blanchett , cameron diaz , harrison ford and tom hanks .
cape town , south africa cnn
san francisco , california cnn scientists think they have discovered the energy source of auroras borealis , the spectacular color displays seen in the upper latitudes of the northern hemisphere .
the military commissions act , signed by bush last year , specifically says that only those classified as unlawful enemy combatants can face war trials here , brownback noted during the arraignment in a hilltop courtroom on this u . s . military base .
kasparov was charged and sentenced sunday for organizing an unsanctioned procession , resisting arrest and chanting anti government slogans .
but chinese investments have led to accusations of exploitation in zambia , a nation of . million in southern africa .
let s check with correspondent julie walker .
the promise of producing stem cells by cloning is that they can be genetically matched to a particular patient .
development experts tell us that where women lack the tools of opportunity , children tend to be less educated and less well nourished .
was not immediately clear if the quake , which was centered at a depth of around miles , caused any injuries and damage appeared to be largely limited to cracks in buildings .
one of osama bin laden s sons has been denied asylum by spain .
authorities allowed the captors to leave the bank by ambulance on tuesday , with five hostages being used as human shields , after the men threatened to kill their captives , authorities told cnn .
in the last two weeks there have been multiple reports of taliban fighters impersonating anp afghanistan national police officers and establishing illegal check points to kidnap and terrorize local afghan civilians , the statement said .
as the rage cooled and life got back to normal in falluja yesterday , many townspeople said they felt a mixture of pride and shame .
both the united states and spain would like democracy in cuba , which moratinos visited in april .
facing fire from some fellow democrats for his decision to endorse sen . barack obama , gov . bill richardson said sunday he still considers himself loyal to the family that helped make his political career .
on october , a fisherman discovered the body in a blue sterilite plastic container on an uninhabited island in galveston s west bay .
odinga said that , despite all the violence , he would be prepared in a new government to work with , but not under , kibaki .
seoul has been under increased pressure to join the proliferation security initiative or psi since north korea conducted a nuclear test on october .
panamanian law provides home detention for anyone years old or older .
but the periodic plumes cause major headaches in cities hundreds of kilometers downwind like beijing , blotting out the sun , slowing traffic and closing airports .
indiana secretary of state todd rokita will not release official figures until the end of the day , but said turnout looked more like a general election than a primary .
the ski train is a year old local favorite that shuttles about people between denver and winter park .
taliban insurgents in afghanistan freed the two women and took them to the red cross .
the louisiana supreme court will hear arguments in that case on february .
in addition to his analogy to vietnam , bush referred to previous conflicts in asia in talking about the war against terror in iraq .
he came to power after being promoted by former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev , a man he then outmaneuvered .
the second appropriated nearly billion for the wars in iraq and afghanistan .
it has made its choice of panchen lama tibet s second most important figure the figurehead of the conference .
our school has taken some pretty aggressive measures in recent years , such as installing emergency call boxes around campus , live monitoring surveillance cameras in parking lots , and frequent security checks around campus at night .
the force broke health and safety laws when officers pursued brazilian jean charles de menezes s to a tube station and shot him seven times , a jury found .
the freeing of the taiwanese vessel came the day after two south korean fishing boats were freed in the same area .
business economist peter morici of the university of maryland says this is dragging a lot of things down with it .
correa and chavez are two of several leftist presidents who have been elected in latin america in recent years . uribe is a rightist with close ties to the united states .
under lee s plan that has been submitted to the national assembly , the government will be downsized to ministries from the current , with five ministries being abolished or merged with others .
the report says that in pakistan , based on reported cases alone , a woman or child is raped on average every three hours .
one victim s relative said there had been too few guilty verdicts for such a horrible crime .
melbourne , australia a gunman opened fire on a downtown street during the morning rush hour monday in australia s second largest city , killing one man and critically wounding two other people , police said .
the last time that federer lost two matches in a row was in when he fell in the third round at hamburg , then the first round at the french open .
the japanese do not reflect on any wrongdoings , lee said .
obama said the subject of a trip came up after the presumptive republican nominee , sen . john mccain of arizona , suggested that the two men visit iraq together . obama has called the proposal nothing more than a political stunt .
those who thought they belonged to a lower class made up . percent , rising . percentage points from .
the man then jumped over the barricade and seemed to touch the back of the vehicle before at least six men in dark suits wrestled him to the ground .
kwon young woo , chief of the spy plane project at dapa said the price negotiations were particularly tough since the u . s . firm had initially pushed for a . billion price proposal .
defense secretary robert gates will visit south korea this week to meet with military officials and discuss a wide range of bilateral security issues , military sources said sunday .
hamm says he s always worn his hair long , but had to cut it for amc s tv series , in which he plays a s madison avenue ad executive .
in a retreat from reality if not reality shows , the tv season is rife with dramas in the supernatural and science fiction genres , populated by heroes who draw on extraordinary gifts to battle the bad guys .
he is also linked to a attack in yemen in which four hostages were killed .
auvinen died at a helsinki hospital late wednesday of a self inflicted gunshot wound to the head .
dean is expected to regain strength over the warm waters and hit central mexico .
the christian church that the hostages belonged to , near seoul , said all the families were rejoicing .
energy department data showing demand for gasoline over the memorial day holiday period won t be released until next week .
obama s embrace of the internet during his presidential campaign came as americans increasingly turned to online sources to get election news .
despite the rhetoric , analysts say the winner of france s presidential run off ballot on sunday will probably not stray far from where outgoing president jacques chirac left off .
both the us justice department and congress are probing exactly how and why the tapes came to be destroyed .
asha s house in newcastle under lyme , staffordshire , has been searched since his arrest saturday night .
margaret marabe said families were taking the extreme action because they could no longer look after sufferers or feared catching the disease themselves .
in the biggest ever study of the phenomenon , scientists warned that the cloud , estimated to be two miles thick , is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths a year from respiratory disease .
two students were injured by rubber bullets and a third was hit with a tear gas canister , said ana teresa yepez , an administrator at caracas metropolitan university . she said about protesters were treated for inhaling tear gas .
in the gujjar s home state of rajasthan where the protests began last week thursday s shutdown appeared to have been only partially successful .
he cites a businessman who calls himself star and a woman who named herself polyesta , names he finds a bit too weird for the globalized mainstream .
the couple consented and had children .
siniora asked the united nations to include ghanem s killing in its investigation into the hariri slaying , the ap reported .
as hollywood stars such as gwyneth paltrow and penelope cruz grace the red carpet at the nd london film festival , the uk s capital city shows it has become a thriving , creative hub for filmmaking .
south korea s chief envoy to the international disarmament talks with north korea
sarkozy s dream was one of a fraternal republic where no one will be afraid .
mauresmo broke back to level at only to make three unforced errors on her serve in the next game , letting the th ranked russian to successfully serve for the match .
the rays didn t get a hit over the final four innings .
paul felt his knee in the last game against fc seoul and we ve sent him home for scope to see what kind of damage there is , united manager sir alex ferguson told reporters .
britain s defense secretary has authorized the deployment of an additional , troops to afghanistan , bolstering nato s mission to oust the resurgent taliban only days after prime minister tony blair disclosed plans to trim british forces in iraq .
an american man of korean origin has been sentenced to nine years in jail by a south korean court for allegedly spying for communist north korea .
the former us deputy defense secretary joined the world bank in .
dutt , , began serving his six year sentence july in a prison in western india less the months he served while awaiting trial over the bomb attacks which killed people in india s commercial capital of mumbai in .
somebody s got to do the legwork , which includes working the front desk and attending to other visitor needs .
stockhausen wrote more than works , including more than pieces of electronic or electro acoustic music and brought out more than different albums .
after the verdict was announced , fitzgerald described his reaction to the decision as gratified .
while enriched uranium is used as fuel for nuclear reactors , highly enriched uranium can also be used to make nuclear bombs .
ntsb investigators are using a computer program to pinpoint the area where it might be and will notify local authorities that an aircraft part may be there , the statement said .
this is a little bit different than the other years . i felt like i hit the ball all right .
including eating snakes and insects
but the music business was undergoing drastic changes .
rescuers are planning to use an adjacent shaft to lift them out , a spokeswoman for the mine s owner , harmony gold mining , said .
so what s the prospect for shedding some serious weight ?
last summer , new mexico gov . bill richardson then a democratic presidential candidate said the united states should boycott the olympics entirely if china did not take a more active role in ending the conflict in darfur .
shark feeding was banned in florida in , so dive operators take customers out to bahamian waters , watson said .
the billion for iraq and afghanistan that was approved by the house is about a quarter of what the administration requested .
up to , protesters lined the streets of melbourne , sydney and adelaide , where speakers called for an end to mandatory detention , the associated press reports .
in addition to vermont , ohio , texas and rhode island are also holding contests tuesday .
at the same time , eight of koreans were released through the negotiations between the afghan government and the taliban , according to yonhap news agency .
japanese police say people were arrested last year on charges of operating illegal lenders , but the arrests are believed to be a just small portion of the rampant crime .
former first lady barbara bush is said to be doing great in a huston hospital this morning .
financial markets now await remarks by governor toshihiko fukui at a news conference starting at p . m . gmt .
his van was found wrecked and ablaze on an interstate about nine miles kilometers away , and police said they used dental records to identify the body inside as sueppel s .
even though both men and women say that their cell phones allow job worries to affect their home lives , only women experience the opposite effect the spillover of home concerns into work .
the movie that we wanted to make had to resemble french society , had to be multifaceted , a bit teeming , complex , and had to sometimes portray frictions that the film didn t try to erase , cantet said .
the outage led to a rapid collapse of a wide range of public services in a country which proudly promotes itself as a technological pioneer .
this is a remarkable discovery , principal investigator steve squyres of cornell university said in a statement . it makes you wonder what else is still out there .
we should not resort to violence even if we have differences between the parties , gayoom was quoted as saying .
south korea ranked th in a world quality of life report issued by the united nations development program undp on tuesday .
utility cruiser working around the clock to restore power to more than , homes and businesses , in six states , three days after the ice storm .
and iraqi oil minister hussein al shahristani has said the country plans to tender for major oil projects in the second half of .
the coast guard had warned mariners to head for port because wind up to mph was expected to generate seas up to feet high , petty officer etta smith said sunday in boston .
they haven t been designed for how people behave in the home .
the key index fell as low as , . at one time during the session .
the web site for di marineo s project said it was her dream to hitchhike across the war torn areas of the balkans and mediterranean dressed as a bride to promote peace .
colossal squid are found in antarctic waters and are not related to giant squid found round the coast of new zealand .
hunter tylo s ex husband michael tylo is an assistant professor of film at the university of nevada , las vegas .
water on the grounds of the great ape trust of iowa in des moines has been as high as feet after flooding began last week .
police first investigated cho in november after a student complained about him calling her and contacting her in person , university police chief wendell flinchum said .
he had promised to quickly hold another referendum on quebec independence if he won the election .
one of the men set himself on fire after he jumped from the burning vehicle .
plame accused them of conspiring to leak her identity , thus ruining her cia career , in retaliation for her husband criticizing their iraq war policy .
protesters read out the names of thousands of iraqis and coalition troops killed since the march invasion .
the three men are among dozens of others with equally colorful names who are competing for legislative seats in meghalaya , a remote northeast indian state , on march .
one of my colleagues had written to me one word
brian bonsall , who played andy keaton in family ties , pleaded guilty to third degree assault in a case involving his girlfriend and was sentenced to two years probation , prosecutors said .
products including toys , toothpaste , seafood and pet food have been recalled .
in the house , the bill that would authorize the plate has passed one committee .
moving as a result of the credit crunch is the number one factor for giving up a dog , explains moore . people also ring up to say they can t afford to look after their dog anymore , because they ve been made redundant .
the flooding has affected too many pets to count , susan manson of the cedar valley humane society told cnn .
release immediately and unconditionally all political prisoners of conscience including members of parliament who are imprisoned for their beliefs , the nld said in a statement .
ninth circuit court of appeals decision means that kim gyeong jun , currently in detention , is likely to arrive in korea in late november .
according to the joint chiefs of staff and the foreign ministry , a helicopter carrying four un military observers , including park , crashed on its way back to kathmandu , nepal s capital , from sindhuli , in the rugged eastern part of the country .
of the people killed in tuesday s attack , were police officers and seven were civilians , the ministry said .
sir edmund , who was , died of a heart attack in auckland on january .
barack obama will win the iowa democratic caucus and mike huckabee will be the republican winner , cnn projects , based on early results .
sound familiar ?
you will make a mistake , he said . you will have slips , it is part of it .
french police arrested the couple after a dna test by french authorities positively identified them as the parents of the newborn babies .
opposition leaders had threatened a boycott to the upcoming elections to protest musharraf s emergency order , arguing it has been used by him to consolidate power .
chief delegates from the united states and north korea met for one on one talks in beijing on the eve of the official reopening of the six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff after a month hiatus .
army maj . gen . rick lynch , commander of the multi national division center , was asked to comment on republican sen . john warner s recommendation that president bush start withdrawing u . s . troops from iraq by christmas .
the boston red sox down games to earlier in the week in the american league championship series tied the best of with a win last night over tampa bay .
if there is one word , i would use to sum up the atmosphere in iraq on the streets , in the countryside , in the neighborhoods and at the national level that word would be fear , ryan crocker told the senate foreign relations committee .
the cost for a family of four would go up to , from to , the committee said .
thousands of buddhist monks have protested in several burmese cities in escalating protests against the military government .
final assembly of first started in late may , after a gigantic , specially outfitted superfreighter started flying wings , fuselage sections and other major parts to boeing s wide body plant , where they essentially get snapped together piece by huge piece .
the second hostage was killed right after the meeting , according to sources in kabul .
u . s . and iraqi forces chasing a suspected terrorist with ties to iran early sunday discovered a bloodstained torture chamber and a massive amount of artillery stored in a building in baghdad s sadr city , the u . s . military said .
the hunt is on for better ways to attack melanoma and even stop it in its tracks .
undersea tourists and souvenir hunters are hastening the decay of the titanic , says u . s . explorer bob ballard who discovered the world s most famous shipwreck nearly years ago .
but an investigation by the army found most of the bullets were made in china , a violation of the contract , according to the documents .
more than people are feared dead today after a ferry capsized in the severe storm and crashing waves in central indonesia .
the american director looked somewhat surprised as he accepted the palme d or , saying vive la france !
delhi , india cnn india is on high alert after a series of near simultaneous explosions killed at least people and wounded others in a top tourist spot , government and local officials told cnn ibn .
hundreds of emergency responders from about law enforcement agencies were on duty , authorities said .
president roh moo hyun will approve a national assembly ratified bill on the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate allegations of president elect lee myung bak s involvement in a financial fraud during a cabinet meeting slated for today , roh s spokesperson told yonhap news agency on monday .
women on the other hand use kissing as a mate assessment technique , gallup notes .
sen . john mccain swept all four republican contests on tuesday to become his party s presumptive nominee .
the joong ang ilbo reports the draft law dictates that an exemption can be overturned by a court if it can be proved that illegal methods were used to avoid conscription .
the move was aimed at improving the chances of the eventual candidate against then front runner lee hoi chang of the gnp .
the tibetan government in exile says about people have been killed in a crackdown on protesters by chinese security forces . us president george w bush has urged china to begin dialogue with tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama .
toppled trees on train tracks were triggering massive delays in railway service all across germany , with rail lines closed in many locations , walden said .
van nistelrooy s injury comes with the club under pressure following several poor performances that has put coach bernd schuster s future at the club in doubt .
in a matter of minutes bulldozers level the place , leaving devi and her family perched on a bed atop a sea of rubble .
but there is disappointment for carson s villa team mate gareth barry despite his encouraging displays in the recent double header with russia and the home clash with estonia .
this is the first u . s . papal visit since the attacks of september and benedict s first visit to the united states .
each plant would cost up to . billion and take up to years to construct , he told reporters during a news conference at his office .
it was also the country s most expensive film , which cost million to produce and the film made inroads into hollywood .
reports of another explosion triggered a dash toward a supposed second blast site , but those reports proved unfounded , said aftab cheema , senior superintendent of lahore police .
i think it s more important to protect the rights of citizens who have to be at work early but are kept up at night by the sound of cars , he told reuters .
key organizational failures that left virginia tech student cho seung hui free to kill people should never be repeated , virginia s governor has said .
much like telling the interviewer that you don t know anything about the company , saying you don t have any questions to ask also signals a lack of interest .
the musharraf allied pakistan muslim league q had won seats in preliminary results at a . m . wednesday p . m . tuesday .
the two sides have also had spats over a wide range of issues including global warming and the new international criminal court .
the reported rescue came as authorities confirmed at least deaths in the floods caused by torrential rains last week in this usually arid region .
the shooting occurred shortly before am local time when the gunman opened fire at a house party .
the study included sedentary adults who were randomly assigned to one of three groups .
starbucks shares closed at . tuesday on the new york stock exchange , percent below a lifetime high of . hit on november of last year .
it immediately rebounded as the bank of korea aggressively bought up dollars to defend the won barrier .
a law enforcement source in penza told the russian news agency interfax that kuznetsov is being examined by psychiatrists .
iran is the world s leading state sponsor of terror , bush said in a speech he delivered about midway through his eight day mideast trip that began with a renewed push for an israeli palestinian peace pact an accord he said whose time has come .
a dna test conducted with the help of the kto confirmed that kim jae soo , a year old bus driver in pusan , was dawson s father .
light , sweet crude for october delivery rose . to . on the new york mercantile exchange after setting a new trading high of . earlier .
the problem is not so much that the energy or the invention flags .
but some villagers complain that the payments are inadequate , and in a few cases accuse local officials of embezzling money meant for them .
their current full length feature film little miss sunshine is up for an academy award .
australia s john howard told president george w bush canberra was committed to supporting a lengthy war on terror .
the announcement will be widely welcomed as iran , a muslim shiite majority nation , has considerable influence among iraqi shiites , who now lead the baghdad government .
in the meantime , a lull in internal palestinian strife appeared to be growing ever more brittle , with rival hamas and fatah gunmen clashing briefly , and putting up roadblocks around gaza city that all but emptied the streets .
for him , it was critical that he was seen as still the strong , defiant saddam . he thought that faking having the weapons would prevent the iranians from reinvading iraq , said piro .
that s why nasa is aiming for the planet s high northern latitudes , where ice is almost certainly lurking just beneath the surface .
this really is the first time that we have been able to study an extinct animal in the same detail as the ones living in our own time , said stephan schuster , a penn state university biochemistry professor and co author of the research .
the investigation provides another contentious lead in for a provocative film by moore , a fierce critic of president bush .
u . s . , n . k . have regular contact .
he said it was apparently at this point , here , from their maps , which is inside iranian territorial waters .
he said his client was too drunk to remember how the body spray canister ended up in his body .
andres vera with world vision is in pisco says they are providing food , water and blankets to residents .
and not being able to get rid of it
the denial to the plaintiffs of the right to marry constitutes a denial of substantive due process , king county superior court judge william l . downing said in his ruling .
the experiment itself and the facilities involved were not subject to reporting to the international atomic energy agency iaea at the time , but the . gram produced as the end result should have been reported , a senior official at the foreign affairs and trade ministry said on condition of anonymity .
he is currently in beijing as part of a tour of regional capitals to garner support for his visit , the united nations said .
prime minister john howard has said sorry to the widow of the first member of the australian military killed in iraq after she was sent the wrong body .
but charla skaggs with the port of seattle says they caught up on flights .
both us and japanese officials are working to prevent a similar outpouring of anger , analysts say .
cnn the most consistent production unit in hollywood just hit another home run .
on thursday , the lebanese military shot and sank two inflatable boats carrying militants from nahr el bared refugee camp near lebanon s second largest city , tripoli , an army spokesman told cnn .
ah , but if you were good , cheers cascading down on the stage launched careers of those like ella fitzgerald , stevie wonder , and james brown .
the uranium program was not explicitly addressed in the agreement .
at the moment , inter korean relations are dealt with by the unification ministry , while the foreign ministry handles negotiations on the nuclear issue .
there may be some elements of al qaeda , he said , but not in the force that has been presented .
doubt , frost nixon and the curious case of benjamin button
but at higher speeds , the electric motor in the two mode hybrid contributes more power .
however , u . s . troops have been battling an ongoing insurgency since then , and more than , americans have died in iraq since that address .
the santa claus , who did not want to identify himself , was later
edwards has been trying to convince voters that his passion for change comes from the heart , saying he is the one who is going to help the little guy more than the others .
yusufiyah , iraq cnn until recently , yusufiyah was among the most dangerous places in iraq .
the pro democracy marchers were prevented from entering central merdeka square because police said they did not have a permit .
the markets are thriving as north korea intensifies a war of words with the united states over the reclusive regime s nuclear programs .
zimbabwe s opposition leaders declared monday that the country s opposition has won control of parliament for the first time in history and that president robert mugabe must concede defeat .
kim jae yun , an uri party member and a member of the national assembly s culture and tourism committee , in apparent ignorance of the fact that the incident happened during a live broadcast .
the tank had been launched in to provide spare coolant in case of a leak at the orbiting complex .
posting of the documents was reported by the new york times in a story for thursday s editions which noted that the general optimism and some details of general franks planning session have been disclosed in the copious postwar literature .
, roh named chon , who was the only female justice in the nine member constitutional court , to become the court s new chief .
ryan tubridy said he was surprised and sorry to hear of the actor s arrest .
laurie drew was convicted of misdemeanor counts of accessing computers without authorization .
phoenix will take images of the trench dubbed dodo goldilocks over the next few days to record any changes .
once the government of iraq has reached a consensus on what they wish to do about these detainees , we will then take action , but at the moment the government of iraq itself has not reached its own consensus as to what to do about this situation . so we await that , negroponte said .
the band was playing in las vegas , nevada , when doris day and her producer husband , marty melcher , were in the audience .
special ceremonies have been held in the hardest hit areas .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice will be in ankara thursday for bilateral meetings with erdogan and turkish president abdullah gul .
baines will not officially be given the title until after guinness world records completes an investigation , the organization said .
with the fed now pulling out all stops in order to head off a credit crunch , it s looking increasingly likely that we have seen the bottom in share markets , said shane oliver at amp capital investors in australia .
so which cities will do well in ?
but here s a surprise
islamabad , pakistan cnn two suicide bombers exploded a car tuesday at a building containing the offices of pakistan s national investigative agency , destroying it and killing and wounding people inside .
many of the videos produced by one of the production arms of al qaeda show attacks on u . s . forces in which american soldiers are injured and , in some cases , killed , wrote lieberman , an independent from connecticut .
london , england cnn fantasy author terry pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of alzheimer s disease but says he plans to continue writing his multi million selling discworld books .
so far , prisoners have been caught , most of whom were found in china and sent back to the communist north after failed attempts to defect to south korea , the report said .
their vessel was found adrift in south korean waters on saturday .
the religious group claimed the chosun ilbo falsely accused a jogye order temple of paying shin in return for illegal government subsidies and other benefits .
it holds about hostages in the jungles of colombia .
the report of the house of commons international development committee said britain should work with the united nations to ensure that the aid reached the refugees themselves and did not benefit the burmese military government .
a south korean thriller movie seven days will be remade for the u . s . market , the movie s south korean distributor prime entertainment said tuesday .
she escaped three weeks later only to return on valentine s day as the head of her own gang , whom she allegedly told to kill high caste hindu men in revenge for her rape .
there s the textbook swelling of salivary glands around the neck , but some women also suffer from inflammation of the ovaries .
they also welcomed the recent jump in the number of tourists traveling between the two countries at around five million per year .
she s also expected to visit washington , d . c . , and attend a state dinner with president bush before leaving on tuesday .
t mobile s decision to end its involvement in professional cycling is a challenge for the sport and our team , said team chief stapleton .
their cautious behavior is crucial to avoid being eaten , magurran said .
sen . hillary rodham clinton , seeking the democratic party presidential nomination , also attended the ceremonies .
the czech government said in a statement on its presidency web site tuesday that the original brief was for the work to be created by artists representing all eu member states
of course , we re just a half hour into the trading day , it s early and those numbers are not as big as they could have been .
seoul is less safe than other cities across the globe given its steep crime rate and high number fatal traffic accidents , according to a survey by the seoul metropolitan government yesterday .
the documents didn t provide any new information about yahoo s attempts to shoo away microsoft , which is threatening to pursue a hostile takeover unless a friendly deal can be negotiated .
the dalai lama , who threatened tuesday to resign as leader of tibet s government in exile if the violence got out of control , met wednesday with leaders of several tibetan activist groups .
on sunday , u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte told reporters in baghdad that there are disagreements on what to do about the situation .
pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , cracked down on al qaeda militants and arrested many in the waziristan area before the truce was reached , but critics say he has failed to prevent the militants from gaining strength within the country .
still , some cable operators warn against resting on past successes or discounting the power of rivals .
university of maryland economist peter morici says the country is in for a rough patch for the next year or so
sydney , australia ap toni collette had been leaning toward motherhood roles , and now she thinks she knows why
atta said the women were strapped with dynamite and ball bearings , citing members of the bomb squad . the explosives were detonated via cell phone , he said .
the magnetic strength of the headphones varies by brand and model , but the study found that centimeters was a safe distance for all .
cnn in recent months , popsci has covered various scientists plans to curb global warming through carbon sequestration , mainly by feeding it to algae to make biofuel , or burying it underground .
all this comes on the day chrysler closes all of its north american manufacturing plants for a month .
andrew weaver , a climate scientist with the university of victoria in british columbia , said the chart of results from various temperature levels is a highway to extinction , but on this highway there are many turnoffs . this is showing you where the road is heading . the road is heading toward extinction .
but the new cnn orc poll shows that the race gets even tighter when the two most prominent third party presidential candidates are considered .
australia , a close ally of the united states , was one of the first countries to commit troops to the u . s . led invasion of iraq , and australia s former conservative government had been a strong supporter of the u . s . mission in iraq .
if the match is played at least kilometers from madrid , it will cause major disruption , inconvenience and large additional expense for our fans .
the pakistani government on sunday banned demonstrations in the port city and gave its paramilitary forces the authority to shoot rioters on sight in an effort to quell the political clashes between pro government supporters and demonstrators who had rallied in support of chaudhry , who had been due to address a meeting in the city .
the warning came after the year old former seoul mayor and his campaign staff contended that cheong wa dae is remote controlling the pro government uri party lawmakers and state run research institutes to frustrate lee s presidential bid .
also wednesday , israeli foreign minister tzipi livni spoke with newly appointed palestinian prime minister salam fayyad , asking him to advance the political process which had been stuck under the previous fatah hamas unity government .
about . million people subscribe to dsl service from a phone company or other internet provider , while , customers hook up to high speed internet via satellite .
shukor s religion also requires that he face mecca for prayer but clerics decided that the exact location matters only for the beginning of the prayer ritual .
another economist sees things in a little brighter light
a spokesman for italy s government told cnn the strike was called off after a wednesday meeting between government and labor leaders in which the government made an offer to settle truckers grievances .
horses , donkeys and mules , which are the best choice for farming in the country s mountainous and rugged terrain , have all played critical roles in ethiopia s military history .
the mummy identified as hatshepsut shows an obese woman , who died in her s , probably had diabetes and is also believed to have had liver cancer , hawass said .
obama comes into the march primaries with momentum on his side , thanks to his straight victories in contests dating back nearly a month .
tocopilla is located about miles , kilometers north of the capital , santiago .
sarah palin got a big welcome from st .
los angeles afp hollywood s top movie studios are poised to post a record year with around . billion in ticket receipts despite a u . s . economic slump and rampant movie piracy , industry sources said monday .
up to will be put to the candidates .
risking an international human rights condemnation , south korea acknowledged for the first time that it began production of antipersonnel mines last year , according to a report released on monday .
witnesses said they heard between three and six rockets , but the taliban claimed it fired off .
he often referred to democrats as dems , for example .
slaves helped build white house , u . s . capitol
according to the information available from the central statistics bureau , torrential rain , strong winds and landslides left at least people dead or missing and thousands of people wounded , kcna said in a late saturday report .
lee hong hoon of the seoul central district court , park ill hwan of the seoul western district court , kim neung hwan of the ulsan district court and chon soo an of the gwangju district court .
the government officially abandoned the plan to acquire , acres of land in nandigram in march , but the violence has continued .
a government official in tokyo also said japanese authorities were holding talks over how to best serve the four s interest .
not as easy as it used to be .
about , rugby fans are expected to attend saturday s world cup final between england and south africa .
at the wheel was a friend , a city lad whose skills in reverse driving were limited to parking between parallel lines .
but so are dramatic changes in the global economy , including higher oil prices , lower food reserves and growing consumer demand in china and india .
but parreira s tactics seemed to be paying off when south africa beat paraguay in a friendly last month .
in addition , individuals associated with myanmar s government will face u . s . sanctions .
the agency determined that no laws were violated in the hunt .
the korea times reports lee said in economic policies , president roh is more conservative than u . s . democratic presidential contender john kerry but more progressive than president george bush .
in a statement , the board of directors said it accepted wolfowitz s assurances that he had acted ethically and in good faith .
the party of former prime minister nawaz sharif announced sunday that it would participate in pakistan s parliamentary elections next month after failing to convince rival benazir bhutto to join a boycott .
noting that he ran on the green party ticket that year , clinton said nader prevented al gore from being the greenest president we could have had .
the russell charts small cap index jumped . percent .
tangled family issues aren t going to disappear for the holidays , so you want to be prepared to defuse them delicately .
after the game , united manager sir alex ferguson heaped praised on osaka .
oleg huriev , who runs tandem , trains his students to adapt to business settings .
they were later pardoned by former president kim dae jung .
the party was banned and its leaders barred from politics for five years .
police detained the man , identified as lee , at a sauna in southern seoul .
the statements came amid speculation over washington s strategy over iraq .
the year old , who scored top flight goals last season , has moved for . million euros . million after the two clubs finally struck a deal following weeks of speculation over the transfer .
the visitors were made to pay for their mistakes when pavluchenko fired home a th minute penalty after rooney had pulled back konstantin zyrianov on the edge of the area .
a woman who answered the phone at the walker home said the family did not want to talk about the accident .
apple corps was founded by the fab four in and is still owned by paul mccartney , ringo starr , the widow of john lennon and the estate of george harrison .
multiply that by , and you have how many people are on that escalator every hour .
thaksin will be back on duty tomorrow to tackle the problems facing the country , transport minister pongsak raktapongpisal told thai radio .
we decided now it was time to go .
he has some strange competition , including tom cruise and robert downey , jr . , for their comic roles in tropic thunder .
outrage over the assassination forced syria to withdraw its troops from lebanon two months later , ending a year presence .
gay , lesbian , bixsexual and transgendered people represent part of god s creativity , which is beyond any human understanding , including the pope s , she said . i would challenge the pope to show a little more humility .
however , their scores are points higher than university students and . points higher than the . scored among graduate students over the same period .
the french leader , whom bush will host at a white house dinner tuesday night , has said that he understands americans were struck in the heart by the september , , attacks and that they considered french criticism of the iraq invasion a betrayal .
hilla police said five mosques have been bombed in babil province , three on thursday and two on wednesday .
voice of jay leno as you know , we ve never had an african american president .
the space station s toilet broke two weeks ago .
we note that this type of attitude has worsened relations between south korea and japan and disturbed northeast asia s regional cooperation and friendship , the statement said .
and since the gdp number was smaller than the market expected , wall street opened higher
china s delayed reporting of a sunken south korean freighter off the chinese coast has angered koreans , while the search for missing crew members continued for a third consecutive day monday .
a korea times correspondent in kabul reports that despite denials by seoul , those involved with the negotiation process for the release of the korean citizens say a ransom has saved the lives of the remaining hostages .
he also defended arroyo , saying she has repeatedly stated her government does not condone extrajudicial killings .
two centuries ago , there were dozens of independent states in the part of europe that was german speaking .
european governments and environmental groups are hailing the shell oil company s decision to call off its controversial plan to sink an oil rig off scotland .
you ve planned a trip to paris and can t wait to get to the city of lights .
an olympics organizer said the chinese embassy arranged for the students to
the one day preparatory meeting will be held in the north s border city of gaeseong according to a unification , ministry spokesman who declined to give further details regarding the agenda .
the potential in her business is great
we have more dogs coming into the center than going out . at this time last year , we had half as many dogs , says manager richard moore .
cereal , bread and juice .
the opposition grand national party gnp was dominating the races for mayors , governors and regional assembly members , kbs and mbc tv exit polls suggested .
among likely republican primary voters , percent said the senator from arizona is their choice for nominee .
the korea herald reported the faster pace pushed up the portion of education costs to overall household spending from . percent in to . percent last year .
simpson is expected to appear in court wednesday when charges are likely to be filed , said las vegas township justice court judge nancy oesterle said monday , who is briefing media on the case .
in washington , hill is expected to hold consultations on the six party talks and give a speech at the brookings institution and return to south korea .
the figures , which lev called venus statuettes , had been carefully placed in pits and surrounded with colored sand , lev said .
this is the first time it has been lent by the metropolitan museum in new york , says cormack . this is the first chance people have had to see it face to face in this country .
pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the s , received the order of the british empire for services to literature from the prince of wales in .
a private funeral planned for today for actress natasha richardson , in the new york hudson valley town where she married actor liam neeson and raised their two sons .
just the other day he used his lips and feet to play a game on the touch screen monitor as his mom , madu , swung from vines and climbed trees .
menu foods has asked its customers to return any recalled pet food to vendors for a refund and has said it intends to destroy the tainted product to ensure it does not reach consumers .
he was fifth in the scratch race at the world championships and finished th this year .
she won golden globe and screen actors guild awards this year for her role as awkward assistant betty suarez on ugly betty , and has appeared on a host of magazine covers .
please prepare sufficient quarantine inspection measures ahead of imports , fully reflecting the results of the additional talks , prime minister han seung soo said at a meeting with agriculture officials , the yonhap news agency reported .
what is new is the frequency of people s contact with them and how easily they can now be spread around the world .
its nose was buried in the mangrove swamp , sobakam said .
william , , is a second lieutenant in the british army who received his pilot s wings from the royal air force earlier this month .
the healthcare commission has passed the copy of the report to us and that is being reviewed , said a spokesman for kent police , speaking on condition of anonymity in line with force policy .
gold sales would be conducted in a transparent manner with strong safeguards to ensure that they do not add to official sales and avoid any risk of market disruption , the imf said in a statement .
up to heavily armed and uniformed somali troops stormed the wfp office wednesday morning and seized idris osman at gunpoint , but no shots were fired , the agency reported .
south korea s conservative regime is driving the north south relations to confrontation and catastrophe , blatantly swimming against the trend of the era of independence , reunification , peace and prosperity , an unidentified spokesman for the democratic front for the reunification of the fatherland said in a statement broadcast by state run media in north korea .
let me also make quite clear that as a professional soldier , prince harry will be extremely disappointed .
williams , who describes himself as the lunar ambassador to the united kingdom , is the owner of moonestates .
at least two people were killed tuesday in an explosion at the entrance of the philippine parliament , including a lawmaker who apparently was the target of the blast , chief geary barias of the national regional capital police said . barias said rep .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has dismissed talk of a new cold war between russia and the us , at the start of a visit to moscow .
unaware of this , yahoo korea left the footage on the page for about six hours .
a pakistani army spokesman said the forces encountered resistance from the students .
the world s largest toy seller says it has implemented a three point check system , including the testing of all products made in china before they re sold to consumers .
police are expanding an investigation into what appears to be the largest cheating scandal involving high school seniors after securing evidence suggesting about students allegedly used cell phones to cheat during the national college entrance exam held on wednesday .
he has also promised to cut taxes and improve education .
uganda has about , troops in somalia , officially as the vanguard of a larger african union peacekeeping force , though so far no other countries have sent reinforcements .
critics argue the scandal is damaging the credibility of the global lender , amid a recently launched anti corruption campaign .
neil , with his head closely shaved but his beard apparently not shaved for several days , wore a t shirt , jogging pants and sunglasses .
new governor of illinois , pat quinn , says his job is to mend the flaws in state government .
a japanese businessman has been arrested on saipan , a us territory in the pacific , on suspicion of murdering his wife in los angeles years ago .
u . s . state department spokesman tom casey told reporters monday in washington that the disabling of the north s nuclear reactor at yongbyon is a positive first step in this process , and we certainly hope to see it continue .
a german government official said the aim of the trip was to deepen relations .
removing the half swallowed dog could have harmed or even killed the python , rose said , because dogs have sharp teeth and claws that could do the snake internal damage if it were wrenched out .
the reshuffle may also affect minister of government policy coordination lim sang gyu , who is tipped as a potential successor to the information minister , they said .
the question is why when jobs dry up in those areas they re not moving on into more lucrative locations , and the reason is that the welfare system , our housing subsidy system and all of our manifold welfare programs , heavily subsidize them to remain where they are and to remain unemployed .
the move brings musharraf closer to taking the oath of office for a new term as president .
political observers say goh will focus on civic activities for the time being , trying to establish his image ahead of the presidential election .
milinavicius , who was having financial problems , told police he shot the two thursday after they kept asking for more pay , said police in east point , which is just outside atlanta .
it was like he was playing a game .
eggs , it seems , are one of the richest food sources of choline .
some of the children may never return to their families because it is too difficult to determine their backgrounds , red cross spokeswoman inah kaloga told cnn on friday .
the hospital said it could not predict how speaker would progress or when he might be released .
kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide attacker detonated his explosives sunday in musa qala , killing himself and four civilians , the helmand province police chief said .
earthquakes frequently hit britain between and annually , according to the british geological survey , although most have a magnitude of less than . earthquakes with a magnitude of . to . hit mainland britain about once every two years and strike beneath the north sea about once per year .
they all deny responsibility .
let s get more specifics from ap white house correspondent mark smith
place somebody in a place from where to work and travel
spring break is alive and well in miami beach , but it is on a budget this year
at my old school , university of miami , they have blue light poles distributed all throughout the campus with emergency phones directly linked to the campus police .
the documents underscore the bitter nature of the fight over their two sons , sean preston and jayden .
most observers thought she was a lock to go on to the american idol finale , but melinda doolittle was eliminated wednesday night .
that s really due to the little chihuahua .
typhoon krosa made landfall near the border of densely populated zhejiang and fujian provinces .
the latest study was based on observations last month of more than , people in four big cities .
the state law in question is the defense of marriage act , proposition .
although chinamasa did not give the date on which the billion and new billion notes would come into circulation , an official at the reserve bank of zimbabwe said the notes would be distributed to all banks by the end of monday .
saturday s edition of vatican newspaper l osservatore romano recalls that lennon s boast outraged many in .
the real reason may be uneasiness about a new president who has vowed to take a harder line against the communist nation , experts said .
after determining monday s weather forecast at kennedy space center was equally unpromising , flight controllers decided they would try to land the shuttle and its seven astronauts at edwards afb , about miles from los angeles , california , where sunday s forecast was sunny .
barker received his second of three standing ovations of the night , having gotten his first when he introduced the evening s first presenters while on the arms of barker s beauties , models from his show .
montenegro s culinary mainstays are pizza , pasta , risotto and grilled fish .
lebanese forces battling islamic militants inside lebanon will be resupplied by a shipment of u . s . military ammunition , which is expected to arrive within two days , senior u . s . officials told cnn s barbara starr on thursday .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan refused to discuss the contents of the memo but said that up until the last moment , president bush was interested in pursuing a diplomatic solution to the iraq issue .
virgin atlantic said the total aircraft deal could be worth up to billion .
and with your help , we re gonna win !
one eyewitness told cnn he saw a young man wearing combat boots and with an assault rifle and a handgun .
the oil tanker split in half and spilled more than , tons of fuel oil , and environmentalists expressed concern that the effects of the spill would last for years .
you ll probably see in the next two to three months , at least one or possibly two months with , job losses .
he said no more people are trapped . the section of the lift affected by the accident had cars going up the mountain and coming down at the time , but they were sparsely populated , forseth said .
his client , an engaged teenager , was raped by seven men who found her alone with a man unrelated to her .
many taiwanese are reluctant to euthanize dogs because it violates their buddhist beliefs .
the new cnn orc poll also indicates that americans think obama would do a better job dealing with the tough economic times .
in fact , loneliness is half inherited , half environmental , says john cacioppo , director of the university of chicago s center for cognitive and social neuroscience .
federal judges include ruben castillo of chicago and judges in san francisco , dc and new york
tuesday could be the most consequential day to date in the race to the white house .
congress made it a national holiday in .
the weather was great a bit windy but i still made it and it s a dream come true .
american idol champ jordin sparks took the opposite approach as she sought out material for her cd debut .
gnp chairman kang jae sup said , it was quite shocking that the spy agency can gain access to different government run online systems to inspect details of citizens property transactions .
he cared about his students as if they were his own children , fretting about their grades , making sure they understood the concepts , said loganathan s wife , usha , her voice breaking . to the last minute , he loved teaching .
a total of , people were evacuated from the floor building .
it can be confirmed that tony blair has been received into full communion with the catholic church by cardinal cormac murphy o connor , the head of the church in england and wales , the church said in a statement .
shares in the internet media company fell . percent in extended trade .
twelve died in four attacks in baghdad , officials said , where a four month old military surge has now reached its peak with some , troops deployed .
meanwhile , president george w bush will face fresh pressure over his iraq policy this week as the us senate debates war funding .
among those yet to be identified were two children and a woman found clutching a child in her arms .
the interiors are still painted , as a gothic church would have been .
the men were rescued by fire crews and transported to the hospital of the university of pennsylvania .
in remarks before a prestigious security forum , gates dismissed as dated cold war rhetoric russian president vladimir putin s charge saturday that the united states is seeding a new arms race .
political communications expert jeremy grace of rice university was watching the town hall event in nashville .
blair said the group s sudden release vindicated the uk s dual track strategy of pursuing bilateral dialogue while mobilizing international pressure , adding that their return had been secured without any
martin scorsese won the top honor saturday from the directors guild of america for his mob saga the departed , moving him a step closer to finally receiving hollywood s biggest filmmaking prize at the academy awards .
their refusal to perform romeo and juliet prompted the first cancellation in the ballet s history of more than two centuries .
earlier this month , the u . s . district court for the northern district of georgia sided with the family , holding the kuwait company negligent in baragona s death for failing to provide safe passage on the three lane road where the accident occurred .
this was a long and hard fought campaign but the result was well worth the wait . together , under the leadership of president barack obama , vice president joe biden , and a democratic congress , we will chart a better course to build a new economy and rebuild our leadership in the world .
house and senate leaders are demanding a survival plan before they consider giving the big three billion they re asking for .
its picture doesn t look like anybody s long lost uncle , but scientists have unveiled a fossil that may be from somewhere deep in the human family tree
that s the ap s john belmont with us , live from the capitol .
far to the south in the iraqi city of basra , remaining british troops completed a pullout monday , a move that britain said did not represent a major policy shift but a long planned handover to iraqi forces .
south korean negotiators have traveled to ghazni province to take part in the negotiations .
the anonymous threat appeared on a chat board called juicycampus . com , used primarily by college students .
when he swapped his new car for an month old car he no longer felt ill .
since starting its hiv aids initiative in , the clinton foundation has worked with countries in africa , the caribbean and asia to set up aids treatment and prevention programs .
this year , screeners have intercepted more than , prohibited items at newark .
the majority coalition in the seat legislature , the verkhovna rada , would continue meeting in the parliament hall until the constitutional court rules on the validity of yushchenko s order , yanukovych said tuesday .
the two plainsclothes civil guard officers were in capbreton , france , to meet with french police about joint operations against eta , which traditionally uses france as a base for its attacks in spain , a spanish interior ministry spokeswoman told cnn .
but one of the center s longtime forecasters said proenza s comments were misguided .
fishing , hiking , swimming and bird watching are common at one of boston s best kept secrets . but most people are there to appreciate spectacle island s spectacular views .
tokyo , japan cnn japan s opposition controlled upper house of parliament approved a no confidence motion wednesday against prime minister yasuo fakuda .
whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough on crime attitudes
can the fda do that ?
the bus was only made to seat people but was carrying about passengers when it crashed , gupta told ap .
the pakistani military is already there in the tribal area , kasuri said . pakistan s commitment cannot be doubted by anybody .
in the meantime , leaders said they would continue to work toward stimulating economic demand .
the united states and the eu nations supporting the draft said they want swift action on the resolution , which would end u . n . administration of the serb province in days and hand over the supervised transition to the eu . nato led troops would remain to help ensure security and an international civilian administrator would be appointed .
us president george w bush has vetoed a congressional bill that would have linked war funding to a timetable for withdrawal of us troops from iraq .
but no matter who s doing the breaking up and how , patterson says , the main thing is to be careful with your friend s feelings .
as the year end employment season is approaching , college graduates to be or graduates are busy seeking jobs , but their rate of employment at large enterprises remains at a low level .
congress is talking about extending jobless benefits for people whose checks have run out , and there s late word that the white house is now on board .
the hypothesis of this exciting study is that flavonoids may improve the level of protection against heart disease over and above that provided by conventional drugs , said dr . ketan dhatariya , a consultant in diabetes at the norfolk and norwich university hospital .
she told cnn the world bank s initiative to save the tigers should help counter demand for their body parts , mainly in asia , and loss of habitat caused by the exploitation of natural resources .
signs reading bring them home and bob murray keep your promise were posted overnight at the rescuers command post .
coming full circle , obama ends this day in florida , where the run for the white house was decided in .
it is covered by about , thermal tiles to protect against temperatures as high as , degrees fahrenheit , degrees celsius .
the victory gives the american league representative in the world series the extra home game in the best of seven series , and was the al s th consecutive win since the event was tied .
but in a web diary posted to the liberal online community daily kos on monday , sheehan said she was exhausted by the personal , financial and emotional toll of the past two years .
the rides are faster now , but admission to the boardwalk is still free . a . wristband buys you access to all the rides all day long , a bargain compared to bigger brand name theme parks where one day tickets easily exceed .
the video has angered the unidentified patient , who plans to press charges , his lawyer guiller ceniza said wednesday .
he s already been charged in texas with bigamy , and aggravated sexual assault of a child .
haggard now sells insurance and debt reduction software .
the russian built mi helicopter was owned by a bulgarian company , heli air , and chartered by skylink , a north american company .
in addition , the world bank said while it could not provide financial assistance , it had promised to assist asean with disaster assessment and relief work in the country .
malaysian police have used tear gas and water cannon to disperse thousands of protesters marching in kuala lumpur to demand electoral reform .
travelers are advised that esta does not guarantee entry into the united states .
they ignored journalists shouting questions at them when they drove away .
russia s new president dmitry medvedev wasted no time in knuckling down to work naming his predecessor vladimir putin as his new prime minister two hours after he was sworn in .
president lee myung bak s appointment of kim ha joong as unification minister marks the first change of seoul s top envoy to beijing in more than six years .
the ruling uri party has secured just one post , the exit polls suggested .
on wall street at this hour
musharraf did not attend .
the home s white walls and red tile roof were unscathed .
but getting sponsors to line up behind the name bin laden has been difficult .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said wednesday that secretary of state condoleezza rice had spoken to odinga and would speak with kibaki later wednesday .
common sense advice includes eating right and getting plenty of sleep and exercise .
more importantly , incorporating a few more nutritious ingredients is an easy way to serve a more healthful dish .
an unresponsive smith was found february in a room at the seminole hard rock hotel casino near hollywood , florida . she was taken to a hospital but was pronounced dead a short time later .
the bloody stage adaptation sweeney todd
it also keeps astronauts alive by creating what scientists call mechanical counter pressure , which balances out the vacuum pull of space .
even a tiny amount of sea level rise can make a vast inland incursion of water in flat coastal areas , as much or more than times the distance inland as the height of the rise , he said .
how fast should you walk ?
at least , evacuees are staying at qualcomm stadium , home to the nfl s san diego chargers and the city s primary evacuation center .
the facility in question was bombed by israeli planes in september .
he underwent drug rehabilitation at a argentine psychiatric center three years ago before continuing his treatment in cuba .
the campaigns want to bank the votes and election workers want to ease the crowding on election day .
niigata was hit in october by a quake with a matching magnitude of . that killed people and injured more than , .
his death dominated monday s front pages of pakistani newspapers that linked his death from a suspected heart attack to the defeat to ireland .
the united new democratic party said yesterday that it is considering calling for a criminal investigation into the alleged theft of president roh moo hyun s identity during its presidential primary .
ayman al zawahri , the number two figure in al qaeda , appeared in a new videotape aired on al jazeera on thursday , ridiculing u . s . forces as stuck in a quagmire in iraq and afghanistan .
all of these changes have had a significant environmental impact particularly on the quality of water , and the loss of both flora and fauna in relatively untouched areas .
hong ra hee , the wife of samsung group chairman lee kun hee , appeared wednesday at an independent counsel s office to be questioned over allegations that she bought expensive paintings with the group s slush fund .
an nec official said , our neutrality and independence remain unchanged , regardless of cheong wa dae s future action or pressure .
jerusalem cnn israel and germany strengthened their ties on monday in one of the highlights of german chancellor angela merkel s three day visit to mark the th anniversary of israel s creation .
unfortunately , the people that affect most are those uh , you know , truck drivers and other people trying to earn a decent living .
hubble , in effect , was looking at fossils that offer clues about how galaxies develop , and they are key to understanding the fate of the universe .
a ph less than means the solution is acidic , while a ph over means it is alkaline .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
a swoon in global stock markets also depressed
rio de janeiro , brazil ap police in brazil have arrested the widow of a multimillionaire lottery winner , while prosecutors decide whether to charge her in his killing .
at least people died as a result of the fires .
it was originally scheduled for this week .
in one photo , radcliffe , , dares to bare it all alongside a white horse in another , he is pictured with a naked joanna christie , the actress who portrays his girlfriend .
iraqi oil minister hussein al shahristani said the committee would submit to opec its recommendation on a basket of currencies that opec members will deal with .
angelina jolie is indeed expecting twins , and it was jack black who let the news slip with a brady bunch crack .
engineers noticed phoenix s strange behavior when it sent a piece of engineering data , times like a broken record .
van basten will cut the squad to players on may .
powerball lottery officials say one winning ticket was sold for saturday night s million jackpot .
antichrist means don t put your eyes on jesus because jesus of nazareth wasn t a christian .
it means either werder bremen s tim wiese or bayer leverkusen s rene adler will make their international debut on saturday .
the new work identified , genes in the cat , probably about percent of the animal s full complement , o brien said .
the last two floods already caused a lot of hardship , disaster official vo thanh tien said . now another one is coming .
step inside the th century serbian orthodox abbey , inhale the fragrant myrrh that perfumes the frescoed interior , and suddenly you re transported through the ages to a bygone era of monks , marauders and martyrs .
deputy secretary of state john negroponte , who was visiting beijing on sunday , urged more dialogue between the pentagon and the chinese military so that we have a bit better understanding of exactly what it is that the government of china has in mind with respect to its military modernization .
uri party lawmaker shin ki nam resigned thursday as party leader , and non lawmaker lee bu young took over as chairman of the party s steering committee .
at least two hostages freed wednesday alluded to the poor health of betancourt , , a former colombian presidential candidate with dual french and colombian citizenship .
more than one million people are thought to have died between and under the brutal maoist regime .
in addition to leaving people dead and at least one missing , the vietnam flooding cut telephone service to many communities , said provincial disaster official dang tao .
an obama transition official would not comment .
kerry said bush should immediately call a special session of congress to implement the recommendations of the sept .
but most of the city remained locked down in a weekly curfew for the muslim day of prayer . the majority of iraqis would see the players only on television .
korea is the world s fourth biggest crude oil buyer , importing million barrels last year .
the bbc reports north korea has confirmed that it has test fired a series of missiles and said it would continue launching them .
lee then instructed the formation of a special government task force to focus on taming inflation , while the cabinet approved a number of bills and action plans , including a percent cut in oil tax , expansion of tax favors to corporate investors , freeze in power and public utility rates , lessening of private educational expenses and stimulation of traditional marketplaces , among others
up to , people are at the center , in addition to tens of thousands more still trapped by the flood waters unleashed by hurricane katrina .
then , they asked teenagers how frequently they watched each of those shows , and developed a score based on exposure to the shows .
he also is suspected in the truck bombing that year of the u . s . marine barracks in beirut , an attack that killed people and preceded the u . s . military withdrawal from lebanon .
i pray that the inherent moral sensibility of the korean people , as evidenced by their rejection of human cloning and related procedures , will help attune the international community to the deep ethical and social implications of scientific research and its utilization , the pontiff said .
bush holds talks later today at camp david with french president nikolas sarkozy and the head of the european commission .
an unmanned aerial vehicle killed two armed criminals attacking security forces , the u . s . military said .
sound of clock ticking well , that ticking means it s time to set your clocks ahead an hour when you go to bed tonight
the trial has been adjourned for a week , until december .
the weather looks good , and there s no reported evidence of a return of the hydrogen fuel leak that scrubbed last wednesday s launch .
the recording industry association of america announced yesterday it has sued nearly more people for copyright infringement .
with the project , wright said from seattle , washington , the space frontier foundation wants to show students that they have a real chance of going to space .
hamas said it knew nothing about the soldier , but urged any captors to keep him alive and treat him well .
cnn after days of stonewalling , the myanmar government is ready to accept aid from around the world for victims of saturday s deadly cyclone , the country s u . n . ambassador said friday .
lindy kaiser s job is monitoring it , and to the army s blog , with the goal of reaching and hearing from the public
to me , charisma is almost the definition of leadership .
western companies can pay more for rights to biotech drugs .
sprinkle on a really heavy coat , and i mean heavy , so that it s completely covering it totally .
washington cnn people should throw away cantaloupes from a honduran manufacturer believed to be linked to a salmonella outbreak .
since space exploration began years ago , children have been encouraged to study math and the sciences so they can go into orbit .
unicef says it urgently needs about million for the next six months to help the displaced children funds that would be used for education , health care , sanitation and other humanitarian needs .
sen . john mccain this week begins a bus tour of five states that he says helped shape his views and make him the politician who will carry the gop torch in the upcoming presidential election .
gay rights activists in europe and iran are also researching kazemi s case .
william will also do a stint with the royal air force and the navy , as well as carry on with his charitable work .
the supreme court opens its new term today with arguments over limits on lawsuits against tobacco companies .
for the indian men , many meal skipping poor , baseball represented a chance to throw their way out of poverty .
he has long advocated the division of iraq into sunni arab , shiite arab and kurdish territories that would be loyal to a central government in baghdad .
governor arnold schwarzenegger vowed to hunt down any arsonists responsible .
the bloodshed comes despite an overall reduction in violence since last june .
ghiberti died in years before the birth of michelangelo .
but russian military analysts have said the possibility of suspending participation in the treaty was a symbolic rising of ante in the missile shield showdown more than a sign of impending military escalation .
it is believed there may be another person still in the debris , journalist andrew finkel told cnn , and rescue crews were listening and digging . no deaths have been reported .
the magazine also names sexy and sizzling bachelors such as adrian grenier , zach braff , justin timberlake , ryan reynolds , ludacris and apolo ohno .
china , india and iran , among others , have all purchased the subs in recent years .
more than million americans watched the game , it said .
prices and availability dates were not disclosed .
iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki said it will occur in the near future , according to the state run islamic republic news agency .
we need to do something about the trade deficit , the huge oil imports , and the huge imports from china , which continue growing !
cars , cabs , buses and trucks give way to pounding feet today on big apple streets as thousands of runners compete in the new york city marathon .
for decades , theme songs like evergreen or arthur s theme or i ve had the time of my life were huge radio hits , often hitting no . on the pop chart and going on to win the academy award for best original song .
the emphasis on rural development is a fundamental shift for the party after years focused on building up export driven industry that brought in hundreds of billions of dollars of investment .
so franklin graham turned to the internet to help .
when connected , a user can also store data on the discs
the building s design and its translucent , blue toned outside skin make it look like a cube of bubbles like bubble wrap .
he was later released .
despite his action toward his daughter , hun sen in his speech to the graduating class at the national institute of education appealed to parents and society not to discriminate against gay people .
that was naturally particularly awful for the owner to know that the suspect was back a day later on their property , schuette said .
north korea has been constructing new underground missile bases and silos along its east coast in recent years to deploy intermediate range rockets targeting japan and u . s . military facilities on the archipelago , a state run think tank claimed yesterday .
there is also the possibility of a meeting to plug gaps before the next round of formal talks scheduled for late october .
two small bombs have exploded outside a catholic cathedral and a cafe in the southern philippines , police said .
new delhi , india cnn call centers and other outsourced businesses such as software writing , medical transcription and back office work employ more than . million young men and women in india , mostly in their s and s , who make much more than their contemporaries in most other professions .
the embassy advises all u . s . citizens to exercise caution in this area of the city , the statement said .
in one corner of the plaza , a group of women passed out snacks to visitors , just as they did years ago when , as high school students , they fed hungry protesters .
we heard it and then we went outside and saw big black clouds of smoke .
the child noticed the freezer was cluttered and decided it needed to be cleaned , then found the corpses wrapped in towels and newspapers and placed in three plastic bags buried under piles of items .
which was targeted with deadly attacks by islamic extremists in , but police said it was not thought to be terror related . .
they allegedly rigged the game machines to program higher payout rates than those allowed by gaming laws .
us president george w bush has urged countries to agree on long term goals for greenhouse gas emissions .
japan has agreed to stop import restrictions of three farm goods from china .
the mortgage bankers association said on thursday that a record percentage of mortgages outstanding were in the process of being foreclosed in the third quarter , while late payments hit their highest level since .
it says the system is not aimed at russia but moscow says its security is threatened .
no deaths were reported .
carter , who is on an nation tour in africa , said problems such as malaria and river blindness which is caused by a worm that breeds in fast flowing rivers are ravaging the continent .
the late heath ledger , who earned critical and mass praise for his performance as the joker in the dark knight , was nominated for supporting actor .
the top investigator for an alaskan legislative panel says governor sarah palin unlawfully abused her power by trying to have her former brother in law fired as a state trooper .
his success also lifted him places in the world ranking to th .
one hoped for effect of the financial system bailout measure passed and signed into law on friday , which to bring calm to the markets , but that was little in evidence , as markets across asia and europe tumbled amid banking pressures of their own , with wall street following suit .
republican party defined japan as a key partner and korea as only a democratic ally .
they call this remembrance day , or armistice day , and leaders of united europe marked the th anniversary of the end of world war i this morning .
my daughter has wanted a house and to get out of a mobile home for a long time , he said , and i think she just got it .
the crew members were later released after the pirates received a ransom for them .
denaro has been on italy s wanted list since for murder and other crimes .
now , omar and his wife are preparing to launch a movement far different from the one his father osama launched .
i am who i am and i will continue to speak up , she said .
super tuesday has some of the biggest prizes of the primary season including california , new york , illinois , new jersey , missouri and georgia up for grabs as voters make their party choices in states and american samoa .
the month of june may not bring such optimistic news .
that will happen when kim jong il verifiably gets rid of his weapons programs and his weapons .
the lampre rider won the bunch sprint on the champs elysees at the end of the km th stage from marcoussis to paris .
qualcomm korea wednesday said ftc examiners visited its head office in seoul on tuesday and questioned its officials from almost all divisions .
the dispatch was originally scheduled as early as april , but officials say it will be pushed back as the military picks a new site and prepares for the new mission .
we want to prove that these fields are no longer controlled by the mafia and can remain profitable as well as give jobs to many more people , so that all can benefit from it , a popular brand of diet pills from china has been linked to six deaths in three asian countries , highlighting the need to regulate the region s booming herbal health industry .
he said the group has been releasing them for years , but that between september and december , a few video messages did not come with versions for cell phones . they might just be filling
he cited physical evidence of iran munitions , the manufacturing of the explosively formed penetrators , known as efps , and the detention of quds force personnel . watch pentagon top brass discuss the possible iran connection
a set of lyrics proposed only last week for spain s wordless national anthem have been yanked amid criticism that they smacked of the country s right wing past and did not reflect its rich cultural diversity .
deutsche bank predicted the korean currency would rise to by the end of the year .
lawyers are seeking separate compensation for them in u . s . courts .
her husband , former president bill clinton , said he thought she could win the nomination over her rival barack obama if she wins the two large states .
it is the first central government branch to adopt the measures , initiated by local governments in seoul and ulsan , to expel incompetent officials .
the korea times reports the ruling uri party on monday proposed an income tax cut by one percentage point and additional government spending of . trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy .
americans have been particularly hard hit already .
a federal grand jury has indicted a young tennessee man in the hacking of sarah palin s email account .
president bush and south korean president lee myung bak said saturday that there still is a chance to make progress on eliminating north korea s nuclear weapons programs , urging critics to see what pyongyang says in a required declaration before deciding whether nations are being too lenient .
three rounds of six party talks were held in beijing , but ended without a breakthrough .
for hutchins , who said he struggled in his early adolescence to fit in and be cool before having a personal experience with god about four years ago , the organization s message is exactly right .
xinhua said that the province s top officials , communist party leader li jianguo and acting governor jiang daming , along with other officials , were at the site . daming was leading the rescue effort , the agency said .
tempelhof the closest of the city s three international airports to downtown berlin is now used only for short haul flights with small aircraft .
but you ll never make them happy , she told the magazine .
about homes were lost in the mountainous region in san bernardino county east of los angeles .
it also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts .
both countries have also eased travel curbs , allowing some kashmiri families to return home via punjab .
during a visit to beijing last week , u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson reiterated calls for beijing to let the yuan trade more freely .
mexico city cnn when manuel uribe went out on a date , he made all the necessary arrangements
littlebigplanet , described by review web site ign . com as an instant classic , has been pulled from warehouses after it was noticed that one of its music tracks contained words from the islamic holy text , the quran .
last week , exxon mobil obtained a court order freezing up to billion of venezuela s state owned oil company s worldwide assets after the chavez government forced the company out of two joint ventures last year .
monitoring and inspection of drug manufacturers would also be strengthened , li said .
high school students were ready to take to the streets to criticize the new college admission plan drawn up by the education ministry , which they say creates a hypercompetitive school environment .
bhutto s body was being transported to the family s ancestral graveyard in gari khuda baksh in sindh province , where she will be buried later friday , said sen . safdar abbasi , a leader of her pakistan people s party .
gm has suffered falling sales , a drop in market share and high labor costs . us carmaker general motors is to cut , jobs in north america under a restructuring drive that aims to revive the company .
ronaldo and the year old fabregas are also amongst the nominations for the young player of the year award , alongside rooney , the winner of that honor for the last two seasons .
dr . fisher thinks it has a lot to do with how difficult it once was to raise children .
but staph kills an estimated , americans each year , more than die in car accidents , and killing the bacteria has become almost impossible .
east timor , asia s newest and poorest country , faces chronic poverty , unemployment of around percent and food shortages .
the company agreed to pay a million fine regarding the investigation of protection payments made by the company s former banana producing subsidiary in colombia .
a text translation also accompanied the tape and was provided to cnn by lauramansfield . com , a web site that analyzes terrorism .
as for south korea u . s . relations , an overwhelming . percent complained about an unequal power relationship between the two traditional allies .
the results missed wall street s projections for a loss of . per share on revenue of . million , according to thomson financial .
blair added that he was confident efforts to tackle climate change would bear fruit , but no one should underestimate the scale of the challenge .
in wyman married fred karger , a studio music director .
president bush is wrapping up what is likely to be his final international trip and final summit .
he s also different in this movie , because he just lost a woman he loved , and uh , he s not really thinking about , you know , getting into another relationship , because he s in pain .
in addition to the cuts , the new york based bank said it will move , jobs to lower cost locations with about two thirds of those jobs being moved as the positions become vacant .
the united states strongly condemns the atrocities committed by the junta and calls for a full investigation into the death of win shwe during his detention in burma , white house foreign affairs spokesman gordon johndroe said . the junta must stop the brutal treatment of its people and peacefully transition to democracy or face new sanctions from the united states .
contacted by cnn , the bank would neither confirm nor deny that name as the identity of the trader .
he said half of the timbers and all historic artifacts on board had been removed for the conservation project .
the country s monarch , king gyanendra , gave up most powers earlier that year after an uprising against his direct rule .
gault was being held on , bond , and murphy on , bond .
opposition lawmakers took their seats but refrained from using force to break through the barrier .
london , england cnn prince william , the second in line to the british throne , will be temporarily assigned to the royal navy and to the royal air force next year , buckingham palace said wednesday .
the number of single households has been on a steady increase , accounting for . percent of the total households in korea last year also , the government will grant monthly allowance of , won to a household who adopts a child until he or she turns .
a southern california mcdonald s restaurants official says egg mcmuffin inventor herb peterson has died in santa barbara at age .
las vegas , nevada cnn prosecutors on tuesday filed numerous criminal charges against former nfl star o . j . simpson and three other men in connection with an alleged armed robbery at a las vegas hotel last week .
when the voting concludes on tuesday , neither sen . obama nor i will have the number of delegates to be the nominee , she said in san juan , puerto rico .
meanwhile , at least one person was killed and three others injured when a mortar hit eastern baghdad s amin neighborhood monday at midday , an interior ministry official said .
that was just seven months before apollo would land on the moon , and the u . s . would score a victory in the space race .
yonhap news agency reports u . s . forces in korea on wednesday held a memorial service for a south korean service member killed a year ago while working on a u . s . led peacekeeping campaign in afghanistan .
president roh moo hyun also said thursday that he accepts the crushing defeat of the governing uri party in the local elections .
the government on wednesday was put on high alert , as one of japan s ultra rightist groups was heading for the south korean islets of dokdo in the east sea .
president theodore roosevelt arranged for panama s independence from colombia in to build the canal .
a recent korea trade investment promotion agency kotra survey of foreigners working in investment firms shows that . percent of the respondents are satisfied with the overall local business environment , up percent from last year .
urologists heard from patients who had tried the pill that viagra made them feel as if they were year olds again .
and gm say the company is searching for budget efficiencies during a difficult economy .
the assistant principal at one of those schools is in critical condition and on a breathing tube .
the opposition party immediately accused the government of vote fraud and demanded that the results be voided .
the euro initially soared to . , bolstered by a better than expected reading of investor sentiment from germany .
on wednesday a former police bodyguard for diana said that the security team protecting her in paris contributed to her death through their hostility to paparazzi photographers .
but new values have arisen , beginning with the hippic creed of the s .
nefarious plans to ruin turkey s secular and democratic nature emerge in different forms everyday , buyukanit said in the statement .
we granted some . billion won , or million won per district , to district offices on sept .
but before he could fire , the object disappeared .
what he said is , he wants a plan big enough to deal with the large challenges we face .
indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanos and fault lines encircling the pacific basin .
hill has also been mobbed at the beijing airport , with chinese travelers rushing over to have their picture taken with him , said one of hill s security officials , who asked not to be named .
emotionally , victims of bernard madoff may want to see the disgraced financier hanged by the thumbs , but practically speaking , the likelihood that madoff is about to strike a plea bargain with prosecutors means victims are closer to recovering whatever money they can
he said he raised about million during his yearlong campaign far short of the million plus claimed by clinton , the democratic winner in new hampshire .
iceland as a whole has of course tapped this geo thermal on a much grander scale .
, plus , is the amount of jobs we re really impacting , citi s chief operating officer bob druskin , who managed the review process , told analysts on a conference call .
light , sweet crude for january delivery rose . to a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange , according to brenda guzman , a nymex spokeswoman , before slipping back to . .
the charges are under the sudanese penal code insulting religion and provoking the feelings of muslims , he said .
if that preference is not expressed , use the pronoun consistent with the way the individuals live publicly .
only a small number of rescuers could reach the crash site due to the bad weather and harsh environment .
bush is expected to speak at the state department dinner .
china produced ten million cars last year china is up and coming , and when you compete with a chinese company you re competing with the chinese government .
it will also contribute to the country s natural disaster prevention work .
the man , whose name was not released , told police he was making a km nine miles from his home to a friend s place , waters said .
southern california found out over the weekend that shaking and baking isn t just a way to cook chicken .
in the current decade , million people are expected to die of aids in the most affected countries , and that figure is projected to ascend to million by , the forecast said .
that would be a low orbit test flight . but that goal was pushed back to when nasa had to raid the orion development fund to fill in a billion shortfall for finishing space station construction and ending the shuttle program .
washington ap the anti poverty campaign founded by u rocker bono and others is investing million to pressure the presidential candidates to focus on the oft forgotten issue , with its leaders arguing on monday that helping the poor is a national security issue .
one disturbing nato video begins with a birds eye view of a home in southern afghanistan where nato said a high level taliban meeting was taking place .
president barack obama is now proposing spending billion less than he suggested earlier this year
the government hopes to have a dramatically cleaner country by august , when it will be host to the olympics .
a coalition service member was killed and four others were wounded in the fighting between troops and taliban militants .
once again the us presents an obstacle to improvement in north south relations as the telephone connection between south korea and the inter korean industrial complex in kaesong of the north is now in limbo due to deferred approval from the united states related to its export ban on strategic items .
for the first time in korean history , the defense ministry seeks to introduce a german style parliamentary watchdog system under which the national assembly appointed ombudsman is entitled to monitor possible human rights abuses of soldiers , a ministry spokesman said on sunday .
between nicolas and me , it wasn t quick , it was immediate , l express quoted her as saying .
double with shared bath from , double with a private bath from , double with terrace access from .
a month old girl born to an indian surrogate mother has flown to japan to join her biological father after spending the first months of her life in legal limbo .
a total of , to , bornean clouded leopards are estimated to live in the jungles of borneo .
i guess it was probably good that i made this game because then , you know , i was really into the match and was able right after to have my first break .
with the game in his home park , bonds figures to be the focus all week .
i was angry she said that , but she was totally right , kassouf said .
if you walk into the interview prepared , you can make sure you know what right things to say , and you can stop yourself from saying the following wrong things .
iran s fars news agency estimated people , mostly young , were gathered at the mosque saturday to hear a prominent local cleric s sermon denouncing baha i and wahhabi faiths both of which are considered heretical by some shiites .
wwf was discovering new species at a rate of two per week , said chungyalpa , who said the reason for publishing the report now was twofold .
after returning to suva , qarase offered to work with the military government , but was rebuffed .
south korea s economic growth was far lower than most of its asian rivals in the first quarter due to a stronger korean currency and high oil prices , the bank of korea bok said wednesday .
property is considered abandoned if there has been no activity on it for more than three years , according to steve larson of naupa .
on wall street , blue chip stocks ended nearly percent higher while the tech laden nasdaq composite index added . percent
oil inventories fell . million barrels last week , according to the energy department s energy information agency .
london , england cnn the wife of canoe man john darwin , presumed dead until he walked into a london police station earlier this month , has been arrested on her return to the uk , police have told cnn .
as expected , ballmer announced that microsoft is releasing a beta version of windows , which will be available for download beginning friday .
israeli armored forces raided the outskirts of two neighboring refugee camps in the gaza strip yesterday , igniting a gun and grenade battle that lasted for hours and left at least palestinians dead .
what they add
the pm called the election boycotted by the three main opposition parties to try to end protests against him .
he served in the battle of jutland in the north sea before joining the new royal air force at the somme .
india has been a center for the tibetan exiles since the dalai lama fled there in after a failed uprising and set up his government in exile in the northern town of dharmsala .
board of audit and inspection
there s a carefully negotiated condition here , that gregg s nomination not give democrats a filibuster proof majority in the senate .
more will be expected just before bush leaves office in january .
but we told them that the idea of iraqis conducting military actions against the pkk is not an option . abawi said .
it took two fire trucks , five firefighters , several animal rescuers and about gallons of water to rescue a pound kitten .
moscow , home to the university of idaho , is a city of about , residents in the state s northwestern section .
the u . s . military later publicly confirmed the report and provided details about the arrest .
al jabouri said iraqi troops , backed by the u . s . military , fought with insurgents for two hours across mosul , killing of them and one saudi national .
while many swam to safety , about people who were on the bridge were missing , police said . only bodies had been recovered so far .
michael moore s record breaking documentary fahrenheit is a pop culture phenomenon that is raising public interest in the iraq war just as the united states is attempting a crucial handoff of power to iraqis .
obama says he s eager to answer
despite jitters over an impending war with iraq , a dismal us christmas retail season and growing piracy , movie attendance was expected to grow by at least five percent , with higher ticket prices accounting for the remaining rise in revenue .
parents need to take precautions , halpert said .
the leaders of the two koreas have begun formal talks in pyongyang on the second day of an historic summit .
police said the statue , which depicts two lifeguards sitting on a bench , was discovered undamaged in some bushes a few blocks from madoff s million dollar palm beach estate .
bold declined to say whether the teens charged were students at the school .
we believe he has a strong will to live , maybe because he trained as a soldier and was a real fighter .
french libyan relations , which had been warm in the s , hit a low during the uta dispute and french officials spoke of a new era after the compensation deal .
jackson said mac s death was a shock .
we are fully satisfied with the outcome that we reached through this visit with president bush , abbas said .
and the stereotypical asian billionaire of the moment is the hong kong it tycoon , richard li .
for me , the lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents .
the sheikh is not a member of the local awakening council , but police suspect he and the mourners were targeted because of their sympathies toward the movement , which is cutting into what has been the insurgents base of support .
gerrard arrested following alleged assault
congressman john lewis says it was not his intention , or desire , to directly compare john mccain or sarah palin to george wallace .
they had been discussing how neither would feel bad about committing murder when they decided to kill davis , who was sleeping in another room , a court heard in april .
although he could see she was bleeding , he said she appeared to be in the best condition of anyone in the car .
ahmad said dadullah , who he described as the killer of killers , was located through intelligence reports and by following leads closely .
the instruction manual is especially well done , rare for a high tech product , and clearly outlined all steps to finish the job .
meredith vieira , co host of nbc s today show , said some victims relatives had canceled interviews with the network because they were very upset with nbc for airing the images .
seoul wants wartime operation control to be transferred in , while washington prefers .
how do you keep going when you re not doing very well ?
the park is surrounded by houses and is a spot for picnics , walking and cycling .
asha , , was picked up late saturday on a motorway in the cheshire area of northern england , a source said .
a u . s . expert said north korea s nuclear and missile tests are the core driving forces behind the rise of militarism in japan and the strengthened u . s .
the balance is now being demanded of their governments by the rapidly expanding middle classes of asia pacific .
but each of those automakers could also run out of cash during without federal assistance .
a federal judge ordered the sheriff to hold the , carat emerald until he can sort the case out , grubb said .
a senior u . s . state department official said this is an opportunity for all attending to talk about iraq .
among the targeted root servers that manage global internet traffic were ones operated by the defense department and the internet s primary oversight body .
tony has been nothing short of the perfect husband , said the year old actress , who stars on abc s desperate housewives .
seoul demands japanese textbooks corrected immediately .
the release news came after reports that a ransom was paid to the taliban . the afghan government paid a large amount of money to the taliban and promised to release eight taliban prisoners in return for the release of eight koreans , japan s kyodo news agency reported .
paris , france cnn president pervez musharraf of pakistan played down the impact of recent attacks in a region that borders afghanistan , saying tuesday they were pinpricks that his government must manage .
the entertainment industry rejects such subtleties .
connor cruise , the adopted son of tom cruise and ex wife nicole kidman , has a minor , non speaking part in the upcoming will smith drama seven pounds , a spokesman for columbia pictures confirmed tuesday .
thousands of people are fleeing from a refugee camp in northern lebanon which has seen three days of heavy fighting between troops and islamist militants .
flooded missouri river at bismarck , north dakota has dropped two feet since an ice jam was blasted apart yesterday .
the hour long meeting took place in the myanmar city of yangon .
a huge portion of what netscape is worth is jim barksdale telling investors it s going to work .
seven people who came into contact with the skins received antibiotics as a precautionary measure , the uk s press association reported , but the hpa said no one had developed symptoms .
but all this is changing .
and the latest on wall street
when the , ultra personal computer hits stores this fall or winter , it will operate as a wireless handheld computer , akin to a palm , oqo inc .
russia has strongly opposed u . s . plans to deploy missile defense sites in poland and the czech republic .
houston , texas space shuttle atlantis headed for earth on wednesday as its crew awaited the results of a final heat shield inspection .
pollack , who often appeared on the screen himself , worked with and gained the respect of hollywood s best actors in a long career that reached prominence in the s and s .
the north korean regime will find respect in the world , and revival for its people , only when it turns away from its nuclear ambitions , bush said , in remarks on north korea that were much more restrained than some of his other statements over the last year .
presidential candidates on friday headed for south korea s central region , which has traditionally provided a key swing vote , as the campaigns underdogs struggled to challenge the conservative frontrunner , who is extending his lead ahead of the dec .
strong productivity growth , solid household finances and a lack of imbalances outside of the housing sector should benefit the u . s . economy , the report said .
angered at government action to allow more rice imports into korea , farmers blocked five major bridges over the han river in seoul yesterday , causing havoc on the roads .
as a cold rain fell on the devastated community of ryongchon , relief workers warned that more food , blankets and medicine were needed immediately in the impoverished nation .
perugia police chief arturo de felice said italian police had known for a couple of days that guede , , of ivory coast , was believed to be in the mainz area .
wall street s rollercoaster ride continued thursday , as the major stock gauges bounced back from levels not seen since .
borsa italiana s board backed the takeover at a board meeting on friday , and the lse said on saturday it was confident enough of its shareholders would back the deal .
the move comes as more than one in schoolchildren are considered to be obese .
israel has refused to negotiate with hamas , which took control of gaza in june , until it agrees to submit to international benchmarks including the renouncing of violence and recognition of the jewish state .
the year old american economist was the lone of winner of the million kronor . million award and the latest in a string of american researchers to be honored .
the us has agreed to japanese proposals to relocate a military base on okinawa .
the company s stores around the country are magnets for everyone from dreamers pursuing secret schemes and second careers to executives putting the final touches on tomorrow s presentation .
the reality is that john mccain is the presumptive nominee of our party , said campaign spokesman brian rogers . we ll campaign in these upcoming states as long as gov . huckabee is in the race , but our main focus is on uniting the republican party for victory in november .
the obama campaign said that company invests in tax shelters in the cayman islands .
electoral commission officials announced on friday that opposition leader morgan tsvangirai won the most votes , but not the simple majority needed to avoid a runoff with second place finisher mugabe s .
the set of the changeling , a film recently directed by clint eastwood and starring angelina jolie , was completely destroyed , meyer said .
european markets traded mostly higher , also watching for an expected fed cut .
jett s death was mourned by the staff and residents of west end , where the travoltas were beloved members of the community , obie wilchcomb , former minister of tourism for the bahamas , told cnn s larry king .
imus isn t the most popular radio talk show host the trade publication talkers ranks him the th most influential but his audience is heavy on the political and media elite that advertisers pay a premium to reach .
secretary of state condoleezza rice is also scheduled to make an asian tour as early as next week to discuss the situation on the korean peninsula after the north s proclaimed nuclear test on oct . with officials of south korea , japan and china .
on the other hand , he says , the business influence shouldn t be too large that it crowds out research and other uses .
some say clinton must win the democratic contests in texas and ohio if she is to continue to compete with obama , who has won contests in a row going back nearly a month .
gaza health officials say the death toll is now up to since israel began its military campaign against hamas .
five north koreans have fled to south korea in a small fishing boat , avoiding detection along one of the world s most heavily fortified borders .
after that time , any smoker caught will face a fine of , while hotel and bar owners who fail to prevent smokers from lighting up on their premises will be fined , .
tens of thousands of georgians began protesting against saakashvili last friday , seeking to oust him .
the prosecution has promised to conduct a thorough investigation into the suicide of a former no .
but i guess there will be a discussion soon .
the smurfs celebration will continue in paris and berlin .
he said another , people were injured and as many as . million homes were destroyed .
bolton arrived in germany without the likes of star players nicolas anelka , el hadji diouf and ivan campo , but they started brightly and took a deserved eighth minute lead .
analysts said if the won s weakness continues , the bok could post a surplus for the first time in five years in .
today is one of the saddest days in the history of sevilla football club , a tearful sevilla president jose maria del nido told reporters .
the uri party also stepped up its offensive on the alleged wrongdoings of former gnp chairwoman park geun hye over a controversial scholarship foundation that she heads .
forces should go into pakistan to rout al qaeda from the safe haven it has found in the mountains on the border with afghanistan , a co chairman of the iraq study group said .
consumers korea , a civic group , also sent a petition to the fair trade commission , asking the agency to allow customers to be compensated for delays in the delivery of their vehicles due to the strike . in the face of threats from prosecutors and the company s management , , members of hyundai motor co .
all the hotels in manhattan are pretty much full at whatever rate they want to charge , said the year old , whose travel agent
one key area that s set to change , says microsoft , is user interface .
exuding the brisk breeziness of boy scout manuals and boy s own annuals , the dangerous book is a childhood how to guide that covers everything from paper airplanes to go carts , skipping stones to skinning a rabbit .
surayud said a general election would be held on either december or .
a mother who forced her two year old son and three year old daughter to fight each other as she and three other women filmed them was spared jail on friday .
on sunday , a terminal at london s heathrow airport was briefly closed due to a suspect package , the british airports authority reported .
no date was set , though a white house statement said the gathering would be held in the united states soon after the november general election .
it s tempting to say cadillac records is about the moment that the blues turned into rock n roll .
it was years ago today
he knew what he was doing and was fully prepared for any kind of mishap .
the opposition grand national party is preparing a north korean human rights bill that would require the government to put aside funds for humanitarian aid to the north , and to investigate the fate of defectors who are forcibly returned to north korea .
the craziness involves people who think that the nasa apollo moon missions were faked , plait said on the site .
a day after he was bombarded with criticism from u . s . soldiers based in kuwait , rumsfeld promised more would be done to protect forces .
electronic billboards still plug defunct products and bring us up to speed handily
hours after the aide filed the complaint , anwar , , took refuge at the turkish embassy , claiming his life was in danger .
south korea s foreign ministry said on wednesday that eight attackers had boarded the tonne vessel .
abe s liberal democrat party and its junior coalition partner , the new komeito party , need to win of the seats up for grabs to keep hold of their majority in the upper house .
they are substantially behind at this point , and it would be surprising if any offices or living quarters could be occupied before the end of the year , one official told the associated press .
if found guilty , he faces up to years in jail .
christopher hill , speaking to reporters in tokyo on his way to beijing where the six nation talks resume thursday , said north korea s willingness to take steps forward was key .
on sunday , a group associated with al qaeda in iraq , calling itself islamic state in iraq , posted a statement on the internet claiming responsibility for the attack and saying that it was holding the missing soldiers .
the acid is known for its foul odor it s what you smell when butter turns rancid .
in the western indian city of ahmedabad in retaliation for the attack on a train that killed dozens of hindus .
we have made very little progress in the talks today , korea s top negotiator kim jong hoon told reporters .
but more miserable weather is expected .
it is amazing that within hours , more than , hits were recorded from , suspects from countries , he said .
marine remotely operated vehicles have captured photos of these giant crabs on the antarctic slope , where underwater land starts to rise up to the southernmost continent .
chung dong young , head of the national security council mentioned japanese assertions of sovereignty over tokto .
natural disasters , mostly floods , have killed more than people so far this year .
he added gibbons had not discussed religion nor did she mention the prophet .
it took schulte about two minutes to unlock the iphone .
her friends suggested that she sell it .
talk about it
most contestants wore black bikinis , and some struck provocative poses and twirled as the audience howled .
the shuttle is carrying up an italian built live in compartment , about the size of a small bus , that the astronauts will attach to the space station .
of course , if they have good projects for me then i would participate .
in seoul , the election spurred additional hopes of better relations with tokyo .
legal adult age , to be lowered from to .
ferenci s video footage , filmed by a friend from various angles including a footbridge , was shown to the court .
ma joined taylor in taylor s washington , massachusetts , barn to record george harrison s here comes the sun . other guests include vocalists alison krauss and renee fleming , trumpeter chris botti and saxophonist joshua redman .
live associated press tv pictures showed dots of light moving slowly up a darkened main street .
an attempt by a group of french charity workers to spirit away more than children they claimed were orphans from the darfur crisis could have seriously damaged relief efforts in the region , a senior aid official told cnn monday .
the bank said economic activity across the world was down .
he said china , russia and saudi arabia had raised most objections during the night to a page summary which makes clear that the poor will suffer most .
deputy state department spokesman tom casey said wednesday that the department will be consulting with the white house on this matter .
the reason the border fence .
cnn beaches along the san diego , california , coast will be closed saturday after a year old man was fatally attacked by what authorities suspect was a great white shark .
the reclusive communist nation has also agreed to disable nuclear facilities at its main yongbyon reactor complex by december , according to a
many analysts say this financial crisis is the worst since the great depression .
the meter long foot , inch crocodile moved into the lake at the willows golf club during flooding that followed heavy rains in recent weeks , matheson said , adding that he ll ask wildlife authorities to place the animal back in the wild .
all were believed by health officials to have contracted the amoeba from swimming in warm , freshwater lakes , rivers or natural springs .
since the talks between us , the kabul administration and korean government have reached deadlock and they are not honest . . . hence , we will start killing the hostages if they do not start releasing our prisoners by tomorrow at o clock , yousuf told reuters by telephone from an unknown location .
north and south korea along with china and the united states will start discussions to replace the armistice treaty which ended the korean war in with a peace treaty , a steppingstone to a normalized relationship between the u . s . and north korea , according to sources on monday .
conservatism swept the country with the gnp and other conservative groups and independents , whose political orientations are almost identical with the governing party , expected to secure more than seats .
but if you are meaning that they did it by design to hide evidence no .
take plastic bags , which , depending on whom you ask , have now reached production levels of anywhere from billion to trillion units a year .
south korea and the european union eu on wednesday launched full scale negotiations on tariff reductions in their free trade talks , a move seoul s chief negotiator says will help both sides wrap up the trade negotiations at an earlier date .
together with omx s chief executive , magnus bocker , this represents acceptances for . percent of omx shares .
that number will determine how many bears need to be killed by hunters to keep the population under control .
no demonstrations calling for change were reported on the streets of havana in contrast to muted celebrations by anti castro exiles in miami , florida .
microsoft corp . said it will stop making hd dvd players for its xbox video game system after toshiba corp . ceded the high definition video format battle to sony corp . s blu ray .
daniel kohns , honda s spokesman , said a hearing will be held in the next couple of weeks .
the struggling car company , says this morning s wall street journal report that it restarted merger talks with chrysler is not true .
los angeles , california cnn with her th chart topper touch my body , mariah carey has passed elvis presley for the most no . singles on the billboard hot , and is now second only to the beatles .
catalan is spoken in barcelona , euskara is spoken in the basque region , and galego is spoken in galicia , in the northwest .
the operation was made possible by the afghan national security forces and the afghan people , the statement said .
but if the conversation becomes difficult or emotionally charged or mentally taxing , it draws more attention and more mental resources away from your primary task , which is driving the car
in the gulf of mexico , several oil producers have taken staff off rigs as a precaution in case rita passes through the area .
.
cheong wa dae has almost finalized the new lineup for top security and diplomatic posts , which will be announced as early as today .
and the afghan government believes that key taliban leaders may be hiding among them .
new home construction was down almost there , with single family building hitting an all time low .
and he says that could lead to implanting other non fluorescent genes that could help treat specific diseases .
that is what we try to do every day
initially , there will be no fee to apply for travel authorization , although one may be imposed later .
on a largely party line vote of , the democratic led house approved a measure to require intelligence agents to comply with the army field manual , which bans torture in compliance with the geneva conventions on the treatment of prisoners of war .
chaudhry had not arrived at the scene when the explosives detonated .
we have to admit that we did not expect the application of a horse , arte laguna spokeswoman cristina del favero said in response to an e mail inquiry by the associated press .
journey of harmony is its official theme , and given the backdrop of violence and unrest in tibet and worldwide protests , the organizers will be hoping it will be just that .
defense minister yoon kwang ung convened a general meeting of about commanders to seek support from high ranking officers for the proposed military reform .
twice yearly visits to the dentist , regular flossing , and brushing with an electric toothbrush should keep your mouth healthy , but expect some inevitable age related deterioration .
clinton said she would meet with supporters and party leaders in the coming days to determine her next steps .
the only thing you get from drinking coffee is a caffeine buzz . why it s good for you
the cease fire followed bloody battles between al sadr s militia and fighters from the badr organization , the armed wing of the rival supreme islamic council of iraq , headed by abdul aziz al hakim . more than people were killed and scores were injured in the skirmishes in karbala , baghdad and babil province .
the shelling comes as turkey s government is threatening to mount a cross border attack to root out guerrillas from the separatist kurdistan worker s party , or pkk , which has battled turkish troops in the country s heavily kurdish southeast since .
the concept of luck is embedded in the very word happiness luck or fortune , mcmahon said .
fifty two percent of registered democrats questioned in a new cnn opinion research corporation survey say the senator from illinois is their choice for president , with percent supporting clinton .
the united states and the european union consider the pkk a terrorist organization , and bush called it an enemy of turkey , a free iraq and the united states of america .
the ap s bob salsberg reports it from boston that kennedy has already had six weeks of chemotherapy and radiation treatment .
silver bas relief squares cover the church s walls , and a museum displays antique compasses next to piet agrave
the defender was hurt in a challenge by roque santa cruz during arsenal s draw at blackburn rovers on sunday .
oxfam and the non governmental organization ngo coordination committee in iraq have issued a briefing paper that says violence in iraq is masking a humanitarian crisis that has worsened since the u . s . led invasion in .
costs for paper , ink and fuel to deliver papers were forcing the papers into cuts in newsroom talent that would damage their abilities to report the news , hunke said .
similar prayer services held in other countries , including thailand , india and sri lanka .
yoo was sworn in on april , this time in suit and tie .
the campaign has resonance among many palestinians upset by what they see as washington s one sided support of israel .
south korea accepted the nk s aid request .
on one of three streets tested in the phoenix trial , the percentage of drivers who obeyed the mph speed limit nearly doubled .
the suspects , who include the alleged mastermind of the attacks khalid sheikh mohammed , have now been moved out of cia custody and will face trial .
the journalist would occasionally sign off his stories from occupied baghdad .
the waters off the east african country are notorious for piracy second only to indonesia , both muslim countries .
as a result , laws will be harder to enact , threatening policy deadlock and that may be negative for the stock market , said norihiro fujito , general manager at mitsubishi ufj securities investment research and information division .
shake up your routine for minutes at a time to get an energy boost .
i m good to go and i plan on playing competitively .
braxton was released the following day , but last week s shows were canceled .
once the state senate approves the plan , the idea is to sell the plane on ebay .
demands to formalize putin s future role have topped the agenda of his united russia party , which won a landslide victory in a parliamentary election last sunday . most russians would not think worse of president vladimir putin if he breached the constitution and ran for a third term in march presidential elections , according to an opinion poll published on wednesday .
seoul will deliver the idea to the united states at the security consultative meeting scm next month in washington d . c . , in hopes of it being stipulated in a roadmap for the wartime control transfer , col .
it alleges that state authorities attempted to influence the upcoming presidential election by digging up personal information on lee .
but demand for mortgages has shown signs of a slowdown since last december in line with the downward correction of home prices due to rising home related taxes and tighter lending policies at banks .
president bill clinton arrived in ho chi minh city , vietnam , following a visit to the crash site of a u . s .
hospital workers reported tuesday that far more civilians than hamas fighters were arriving at hospitals for treatment .
on tuesday , president bush said he has authorized our military commanders in iraq to confront tehran s murderous activities .
while it is known that female bottlenose dolphins can spontaneously produce milk if a calf is present , the practice is not well documented and aquarium staff are carefully watching the process .
the mountain view based company already is planning to expand the service to other u . s . cities and other countries .
yoshikuni said conan generally goes through his prayer routine at the temple in the capital of japan s southern okinawa prefecture state without prompting before his morning and evening meals .
there was still no official number for those missing more than a day after the combination punch of a powerful earthquake and killer waves struck on monday morning .
according to the latest cnn count , obama has , delegates , with , pledged delegates and superdelegates , according to the latest cnn count .
capitol said the disc will be available nationwide january .
izzedine al qassam , which made its announcement late tuesday over mosque loudspeakers across the region , called on residents to hand over their weapons to the militant group by p . m . noon et friday .
when tracy roberson cried that she was being raped , lasalle tried to drive away and her husband drew the gun he happened to be carrying and fired several shots at the truck , authorities said .
while the video is narrated in arabic , german officials say it is so well produced that even non arabic speakers can understand it .
roh , accompanied by first lady kwon yang sook , will leave here on sept .
you ll naturally want to sample the local sushi , and you ll find none better than at the unassuming sukiyabashi jiro , a tiny basement eatery worthy of each of its three michelin stars .
the official pentagon death toll for the war announced on thursday was , , but that number sometimes lags slightly behind the actual total .
khan was jailed last week after escaping house arrest .
there was a heavy police presence and rally organizers said people were arrested .
president elect barack obama says now is not the time for half measures when it comes to righting the economy .
china has about . billion people , of the world s total .
after a tortuous legal and diplomatic process , megrahi was handed over , convicted and sentenced to life in january by a scottish court sitting in the netherlands .
under the revised taxation system announced by the ministry of finance and economy wednesday , those who make between million won and million won annually will get an , won cut in income tax .
a dog bed given to osbourne s wife , sharon , by elton john brought in , .
in , wen called for tough punishment after a teenage boy was trapped into working in a kiln in yongji , shanxi , media reported at the time .
authorities say abu dujana was instrumental in the planning and execution of the marriott hotel bombing and the australian embassy attack , both in jakarta .
the atlantis played host to the opening celebration thursday night .
bhumibol , the world s longest serving living monarch , is a unifying figure in thailand .
evidence of murder , torture and intimidation against local villagers was found throughout the area , the military statement said .
the death toll in naivasha was not clear .
american williams was treated by the tournament doctor before the start of the ninth game and pulled out having lost the first set in madrid .
sevilla fans placed prayer candles , scarves and personal tributes at the stadium doors , while lengthy queues formed to file past the coffin .
wednesday , twc customers faced the prospect that channels such as nickelodeon , comedy central and mtv could go dark as of a . m . thursday .
the sheriff showed up yesterday and said it was a mandatory evacuation , but they couldn t take us out by force , so we decided to stay and save the house .
so who might president barack obama go with for his first supreme court pick ?
with this ratio of classics per square meter , it s impossible to see everything in one visit so don t try .
the city had hoped to provide only infrastructure for the network .
i was hiking to the boiling lake , a bizarre cauldron of steaming hot water , feet across , and one of the strangest sights on this rugged and beautiful caribbean island .
he s riding a winning streak and leads clinton by more than pledged delegates , but he faces some challenges in texas , a state with a large latino population . clinton s done quite well with such voters so far this primary season .
tuesday s drop was oil s biggest one day decline since march .
we need persistent patience , ladies and gentlemen , lee said , accompanied by bush at the presidential retreat where the leaders met for two days of talks . it s difficult to convince north korea to give up its nuclear weapons programs , but it is not impossible .
it is the american story
though bush said the ceremony was not meant to antagonize the chinese , he made repeated references to religious oppression .
the united states might delay activating its proposed missile defense sites in europe until it has definitive proof of a missile threat from iran , defense secretary robert gates said tuesday .
the american charged to m victory in a championship record . seconds , pulling away from jamaica s usain bolt with team mate wallace spearmon taking bronze .
although we could direct him to do them better .
chinese ships harassed u . s .
the national human rights commission nhrc requested thursday the ministry of national defense and the prosecution to investigate alleged abuses of human rights in the marine corps and recommended the ministry compensate a victim .
there is barbed wire up and down the streets . policemen and soldiers all along the streets are just hanging around .
venus williams broke the u . s . open record for fastest women s serve with a mph bullet as she blasted past hungarian qualifier kira nagy in the first round on monday .
shapira said it was probably food that lured the big cat .
the husband and wife had been living together in the house in a village in the prey veng province of southern cambodia , roughly miles km from the capital .
the world s worst airports
but as votes were being counted , abe said he had no intention of resigning .
the incas entered and changed the form of the temple , as it initially had a more rustic architecture .
the year old killed by the cervical cancer that she publicized on an almost daily basis since being diagnosed last year .
thousands of tourists have been left stranded after two blasts at bangkok s giant suvarnabhumi airport wounded four people and triggered its closure , dealing another blow to the country s travel industry .
do cartoon aliens show the way to riches from augmented reality ?
he told reporters that the coming weeks and months in iraq would be vital for the new us security strategy in iraq .
government and sports officials from the two countries gave updated reports to uefa on wednesday after a troubled year in which their hosting rights were threatened because building work at stadiums , airports , hotels and roads fell behind schedule .
no charges have yet been announced for seven other people , including other doctors , who have been arrested .
experts say less developed countries are especially vulnerable , predicting a percent increase in those regions by .
after years of delays , the trial is expected to begin in .
the oxford educated , year old abhisit won office monday , winning the support of parliament with the help of members of the former ruling coalition .
she was named baroness thatcher of kesteven after leaving office .
president bush is in australia for the asia pacific economic cooperation summit .
it has been widely speculated that he could resign early if the revision is scuttled by the opposition .
lee s victory hands back power to the ultra conservative grand national party gnp for the first time in a decade , and is believed to mark an end to steadily improving relations with north korea achieved under the kim dae jung and roh moo hyun administrations .
it may take years for authorities to find the victims , tidwell told the ap , adding that of the children seen in the images have been identified and rescued so far .
you have spoken loud and clear and chosen the course the country will take in the next few years , prime minister costas karamanlis said as thousands of party supporters thronged the streets of central athens , honking horns , chanting slogans and waving the blue flags of his new democracy party .
boulder , colorado cnn ice cover in the arctic ocean , long held to be an early warning of a changing climate , has shattered the all time low record this summer , scientists say .
according to apichart sukakanon , chairman of election commission of thailand , the people power party captured of seats in sunday s parliamentary elections , followed by the military backed democrat party with seats .
new york cnn wanna be the first to score a copy of the spice girls greatest hits album ?
right now , few republicans would vote for the measure .
but he insisted that most of the fabrications were carried out without his knowledge , by collaborators on the project .
these particles are small enough to be inhaled deeply into the lungs where , because they are coated with highly reactive chemicals , they cause damaging oxidation within the cells of the tissues .
transport minister dominique perben received a california delegation hours before tuesday s record attempt .
the th circuit refused and the u . s . high court upheld that ruling on tuesday .
un sanctions were imposed on north korea after it tested a missile in july and then exploded its first nuclear weapon in october , leading to a wave of international condemnation .
and the recent tensions are blamed as a contributor to everything from a tumbling stock market to hollowed out foreign investment .
the bloody conflict between abbas fatah movement and hamas has effectively split the palestinians between a hamas controlled gaza strip and a west bank , run by western backed abbas emergency government .
north korea s propaganda machine casts the war as a victory , rather than the stalemate that it was .
cnn a man and a woman have been charged by police in italy after they were found having sex in a confession box , it was reported wednesday .
two makeshift qassam rockets hit a residential block in the town of sderot close to israel s fenced border with gaza , killing a girl aged and a boy aged as they played on the eve of the jewish festival of sukkot .
speaking to reporters outside the white house with bush at his side , rove said discussions about his departure began last summer .
in addition , roh will watch the propaganda oriented arirang performance during his visit to pyongyang from oct . to , baek jong chun , chief presidential secretary for security , foreign and unification policy , told reporters .
his trial has been adjourned until january after three witnesses and a brief closed session on thursday .
israel aircraft have dropped leaflets in gaza warning of an escalation in the offensive against hamas .
under the new policy , stray cats without collars will be taken to a veterinarian in the nearby town of sidney randolph has no vet clinic where they ll be kept for a time for people to claim them , the mayor said .
they had fractures in their arms , their faces , everywhere , he said in a televised interview .
he hosted saturday night live this fall , he s due to play tina fey s love interest on rock and he continues to receive accolades for his work on mad men nominations for an emmy and a golden globe so far .
just before the incident , a hellfire missile hit a group of militants placing bombs in the same area , killing two of them , the military said .
and in one of the least surprising wins of the evening , helen mirren took the best actress oscar for her portrayal of queen elizabeth ii in the days after the death of princess diana in the queen .
ignoring the fact that only roh and kim dae jung had ever had ever met with north korean leader kim jong il , grand national party spokeswoman nah kyoung won illogically commented if it s true that the meeting today was held only to explain the outcome of the summit , as the blue house says , all of the former presidents should have been invited .
the elaborate costumes can cost anywhere from to , , and provide revelers with a very different perspective .
cho was an intelligent student , roy said , but he left students and professors alike unnerved in his presence .
they should not be participating actively in promoting and encouraging major human rights abuses , said morton sklar , executive director for the washington , d . c . based organization .
the link up by broadcaster cnn and the video sharing website youtube is being hailed as a political milestone .
the discretion surrounding the quiet exchange of vows at the elysee palace contrasted with the couple s public romance , which caught the world s attention .
packaging for ipods and some other music players do include warnings against using them in the rain .
earlier defending champion justine henin cruised past jelena jankovic , breaking serve six times to win her nd straight match .
wall street , the dow is up .
london , england cnn saudi arabia s king abdullah has stirred up controversy ahead of a rare visit to britain which begins monday , accusing british authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the london bombings
the trust s chief executive rose gibb resigned last week .
mwanawasa sounded one cautious note , however , asking chinese investors to partner with local zambian firms and to give priority to local suppliers for goods and services .
it was not worth one , let alone all the millions .
of the stunt were posted on youtube and the web site of a seattle area plane spotter , matt cawby .
employees in the office used to ponder this question about corporate technology not easily available to consumers .
at least seven people were killed when an interstate bridge in minneapolis , minnesota , collapsed wednesday evening , plunging cars and chunks of concrete into the mississippi river below .
the al , while griffey drove in two nl runs and also threw alex rodriguez out at the plate in the fourth inning .
i might play two in a row , three in a row , and have some momentum .
the action came against disclosures that the national police agency had handed down guidelines on sexual violence investigations in april , which the ulsan precinct ignored . ulsan s top policeman made a public apology yesterday for his agency s handling of an alleged gang rape of a group of middle school girls by high school boys .
illinois gov . rod blagojevich appeared in court tuesday afternoon to hear federal corruption charges against him .
the film is due out july .
korean companies are increasingly looking for workers with a foreign language other than english , the head of a job recruitment web site said yesterday .
other members of the spice girls are victoria posh spice beckham , melanie sporty spice chisholm , emma baby spice bunton and melanie scary spice brown .
halperin has made a career writing about hollywood scandals and the trouble lives of various celebrities , often claiming to have gone undercover to penetrate their inner circles .
british celebrity liz hurley might have hoped to set new fashion standards with her lavish jetset wedding last month .
that nuclear arsenal is , one , dispersed , and second , carefully guarded by the army , he told cnn . i think in the short or even medium term should things turn badly , we are not going to worry about nuclear weapons in the first instance .
i think i might be wrong . i think i did not hear president bush mention a declaration to end the korean war just now .
now the process has been opened up for anyone to register and the first . asia domains will go live on the internet in march .
asked if he felt it was inconsistent with democracy to continue a dynasty , he said it was up to the pakistani voters to decide .
economists expect they ll be running to the unemployment office in greater numbers at least through the rest of the year .
on sunday , a special service was held at the washington national cathedral .
today , fingerprints are used not only for forensic investigation , but also commonly for passports , id cards , border surveillance , access control , and even shopping .
no , i think that they played the race card on me , said clinton , and we now know from memos from the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along . listen to the full interview
five children walking to friday prayers in somalia s capital were killed when one of them picked up a land mine and threw it against a wall , witnesses said .
team turned to a fish that resembled a car the tropical boxfish .
scientists were not sure how long the methane has been on the planet .
o paulo on thursday , the city s second high profile art theft in less than a year .
now a stupid adolescent mistake can take on major implications and go on their record for the rest of their lives , she added .
of nikolskoye incorporating teams of local police , officers from the russian ministry for emergency situations and medical staff .
russia said saturday that it could not accept elements of a draft u . n . resolution on kosovo worked out by the united states and european union nations , maintaining its strong opposition to a western backed plan for the serbian province s independence .
but the endorsement also gave democrats ammunition to use against mccain , since bush is unpopular among many americans because of the iraq war and the ailing u . s . economy .
visitors of all ages , however , can find a strong pulse in the beating night clubs of scottsdale or arizona state university hangouts in tempe .
however , obama stresses america has but one leader at a time , and right now , it s bush who has to help .
in , after a brief stint pastoring a suburban chicago congregation , he became a roving speaker for the fledgling youth for christ organization .
motorola s stock rose to . in after hours trade following the news , up percent from its close of . on the new york stock exchange .
also , celebrities including soccer star david beckham have made public appeals for help in finding madeleine .
the warm seasons bring a whole slew of work that makes finding a job for the summer months an easy affair .
whitmer said there s no precise way to translate belly measurements into waist circumference . but most people have a sense of whether they have a big belly , she said . and if they do , the new study suggests they should get rid of it , she said .
because of the impact from house mice , introduced to the island by sealers in the th and th centuries , conservation alliance birdlife international earlier this year listed both the tristan albatross and the gough bunting as critically endangered the highest threat level before extinction .
the inquest began in november and heard from more than two dozen witnesses
i thought that i should let john decide whether to keep it or not .
the student then urinates into the mixture , which he later stirs up and puts in a microwave . other students can be heard laughing on the tape .
there were no punches thrown , no fiery explosions , just conversation
drawn up by the us occupation authorities after wwii , it bans military force in settling international disputes and prohibits maintaining a military for warfare .
about american soldiers from the nd infantry division and south korean soldiers crossed a pontoon bridge over the han river in seoul as part of the combined exercises .
the jewel the largest top quality , brilliant cut white diamond ever to appear at auction had been valued by sotheby s at between . million and . million .
they believe that it started in one building , and because of it being under construction , it easily spread to the two adjacent buildings , and then a fourth building , which is the indiana circle foundation , also had some fire damage with it as well .
nuts and seeds
point to a decrease in violence after a year of pitched battles and sectarian strife .
the korea women s association kwau released a statement that called the ruling a milestone in improving women s rights .
it can prevent diabetes among people who are overweight and at risk for the disease .
the polls close at p . m . et .
graff filed a million lawsuit against hilton in , claiming the reality tv star spread vicious lies about her .
the standard daily lift ticket is .
the supreme public prosecutor s office said that lee was questioned over the source of billion won presumed to be part of chun s undisclosed money .
he philippine military is under new pressure after a government backed commission linked some soldiers to a spate of political killings .
president elect barack obama on monday called the financial crisis one of historic proportions and said that he and the bush administration are united in their efforts to get the economy back on track .
the crisis is the expression of their tibetans deep regret , he said .
who didn t qualify for the weekend at adt
doctors have long known that monday in general is the worst day for heart attacks , and they usually blame the stress of a new work week and increased activity .
two frenchmen and a german won the nobel prize in medicine for their discoveries of viruses that cause hiv and cervical cancer , the organization s web site said monday .
when adler tried to intercede , a male member of the group punched him , she said .
along with the oil and refugee issues , improved diplomatic relations and security matters are among the topics on the agenda as nuri al maliki meets with king abdullah ii and jordanian prime minister nader al thahabi .
in some cases , the documents say , the planes flew for months after government inspection deadlines had passed and should have been grounded until the inspections could be completed .
it was also unknown if wilson s hospitalization would affect his appearance opposite jennifer aniston in the th century fox comedy marley me .
a senior foreign affairs trade ministry official said there is no news in the u . s . sticking to the all options on the table truism , which has long been the approach of the u . s . administration led by george w . bush .
islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s national assembly unanimously adopted a resolution monday calling for a united nations probe into the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
charles ehrlich and clarence stewart also entered a not guilty plea .
the nobel peace prize laureate has spent more than of the past years in detention .
she divorced tyler christopher , an actor on the long running abc soap opera general hospital , in , after two years of marriage .
s the woman in me , s come on over and s up !
it was tougher this year because of the wind , radcliffe said . it was even tougher because everybody stayed behind me .
merkel said on saturday she would press china for help in ending human rights violations in sudan s darfur region .
saudi arabia or qatar , their councils are just veneer .
al libi was of libyan descent and was believed to have been in the afghan pakistani border region , according to the u . s . military .
bangladesh , a south asian nation crisscrossed by river deltas , routinely suffers large scale loss of life and property from cyclones and floods .
all this time i thought i was a full blooded yupik eskimo , and now i am told i am not .
although it is free to play , when the contestants run out of virtual dollars they have to send cell phone text messages costing each or use paypal to top up their accounts .
what i know is we are in a very much more volatile position in which debt is not only a problem in terms of its volume , it s a problem because those who own the debt are themselves now often in serious problems . your fate isn t in your own hands .
airlines flying over the pole face loss of communications that could force them to use a different , longer route at an added cost of as much as , per flight .
imus could be in real danger if the outcry causes advertisers to shy away from him , said tom taylor , editor of the trade publication inside radio .
the publicist , whose clients have included john lennon and bob dylan , issued a statement sunday night that he and hilton had parted ways over an apparent misunderstanding she received from me regarding the terms of her probation .
a delegation from chile was expected to arrive late thursday to help identify the bodies . no cause was immediately identified for the crash .
the seattle based vessel , owned by trident seafoods , pulled up an estimated tons of pollock and bright orange rockfish .
the hostages are aid workers for a christian group .
rome , italy cnn luciano pavarotti has been hospitalized in stable condition with a fever in his hometown of modena , in northern italy , officials and his manager said thursday .
her marriage in to fellow warner bros . contract player reagan was celebrated in the fan magazines as one of hollywood s ideal unions . the couple divorced in , the year she won the oscar for johnny belinda .
that will pave the way for musharraf to take the oath of office for a third five year term as president .
players in maple story raise and manipulate digital images called avatars that represent themselves , while engaging in relationships , social activities and fighting against monsters and other obstacles .
i think people will just buy less music if they re gonna increase the price .
the islamic militant group hamas urged palestinians to ratchet up attacks against israel on sunday , after nine palestinians were killed in a surge of fighting over the weekend .
when asked whether the peace process can overcome opposition from hamas , bush said the best way to defeat those terrorists and radicals . . . is through a vision based upon liberty .
the man tried three more times to force his way in and then began firing through the door , she said .
mccain s advantage on leadership shrunk from points in september to just points this weekend , holland said . if obama can use this debate to convince americans that he is a stronger leader than mccain , he may be difficult to defeat .
however , the agreement was reached without the korean confederation of trade unions kctu , another leading labor group . the kctu said that it opposed the agreement and will stage a strike next month supported by the democratic labor party .
he kind of goofs up .
jerome verdier , chairman of liberia s truth and reconciliation commission headed a team that visited the four villages where the graves are located .
they found ways to just spontaneously start to get involved as a community .
gaza city was plunged into darkness after the plant s turbines stopped .
with eight minutes remaining marlon harewood fouled darren bent in the area and keane fired home the spot kick .
he also had two psychiatric hospitalizations , and has been diagnosed with attention deficit disorder , mood disorder , oppositional defiant disorder , and parent child relationship problems , landry said .
the bad news , jon , covers joblessness and consumer spending .
insoo doesn t even have to take the phone out of his pocket to send an sms .
peer was barred from playing in doha for two years when she underwent military training .
she adds people think they re just going to meet the perfect guy . don t be ridiculous .
ahmadinejad dismissed western pressure on iran to halt its nuclear drive .
the chase ended in santa monica , where police arrested lohan for being behind the wheel . in both cases , lohan was found in possession of small amounts of cocaine .
the fifth ranked williams has reached the final in all three previous appearances at the event , which features the top eight players .
al zarqawi , who later became leader of al qaeda in iraq , was killed in a u . s . airstrike north of baghdad last year .
the northern limit line , often called by the abbreviation nll , has served as a de facto border between the two koreas since it was drawn by the top un commander in in order to implement the korean war truce .
this is the first year the coalition s program will be seen in the market .
starting october , as the city s , taxis come up for inspections they must have the gps equipment along with touch screen monitors that will let passengers pay by credit card , check on news stories and look up restaurant and entertainment information .
additionally , aig reported a steep quarterly loss of . billion in the third quarter .
additionally , the european space agency said nearly satellite photos this month taken together showed an ice free passage along northern canada , alaska and greenland , according to news reports .
the same holds true for babies over months who are being sleep trained and may cry for up to two hours in one go .
french president nicolas sarkozy lost his temper with two american news photographers covering his vacation sunday , jumping onto their boat and scolding them loudly in french .
tamba teh , , provided only tenuous links between taylor and the rebels he is accused of supporting , particularly the revolutionary united front .
they were indicted in washington last week in connection with a shooting that left iraqi civilians dead .
ex her bones were laid to rest here .
for me , a few steps up and down the aisle , a few catnaps , a couple of movies .
the unanimous decision , which came at the end of a two day bank of japan policy board meeting , had been widely expected .
while bush said he wanted to be a uniter , not a divider , he employed a very partisan strategy masterminded by karl rove that entailed motivating the republican faithful to support him at the polls and attacking the democrats .
i want to emphasize that for over years she was under the strict supervision of the fbi , kam leung told reporters outside their elegant home in wealthy san marino .
any talk about a strike or a management lockout at this point is simply a distraction , he said .
flow lines carry a mixture of crude oil , water and natural gas from wells to one of six separation plants at prudhoe bay .
even the homeless can t escape the high price of a night in new york city .
the decision by the ruling liberal democratic party ldp heavyweight , muneo suzuki , followed a report by the foreign ministry the lawmaker had meddled in ministry affairs but stopped short of proving he had broken any laws .
current un secretary general kofi annan steps down at the end of the year .
i m sure granddad and grandma , if not mum and dad , might have their own little chastisement for them , sgt clifford told the newspaper .
marie josee croze , who plays a young drug addict recruited to supply the dying man with heroin to ease his pain , won the award for best actress .
kim sent the explicit message on monday to his successor , president roh moo hyun , who has linked a summit to progress in the six party talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear weapons program .
advance warning of the strike meant most commuters were prepared to make other travel arrangements thursday , but it appeared the labor dispute was starting to irritate the public .
the revised forecast shows the object passing no closer than million miles .
the two planets discovered by geoffrey marcy of san francisco state university and his associate paul butler are not the first ones ever discovered beyond our solar system .
the country boasts more than million mobile subscribers out of a population of around million , and more than three quarters of korean homes enjoy blazingly fast broadband .
the labor department reports another , americans were thrown out of work , and signed up for jobless benefits last week .
slated to be available in , satellite radio is a revolutionary new band of radio that will deliver non stop , digital quality music and other programming directly via satellite to vehicles and residences .
clinton was also projected to win her home state of new york , new jersey and massachusetts , and the larger share of the delegates at stake in those states .
yankees slugger alex rodriguez facing hip surgery tomorrow that will keep him out of action at least weeks .
tepco is considering restarting six mothballed thermal power plants to meet demand over the summer .
the murders shocked indonesia and threatened to reignite violence between sulawesi s muslims and christians , which has continued despite a peace deal .
if the queen remains in good health , charles may be nearing when he fulfills the unique destiny that was his at birth .
the storm hit the bed sentara obici hospital , though spieldenner said the facility was still operational and accepting patients .
daniels was on the ground near the vehicle in an attempt to flee from officers , sgt . e . vazquez said . however , he was unsuccessful , as his prosthetic leg fell off .
brussels , belgium cnn the smurfs led by papa smurf and smurfette kicked off a year of th birthday celebrations monday with smurfberry cake and sasparilla juice .
we re getting work out of the way at the moment , said the year old actress , who has been shooting the thriller wanted in prague , czech republic .
the grammy winner confirmed monday that jonnetta patton is no longer in charge of his career , but denied the break was due to any rift .
among clinton voters , only percent said they would be satisfied if obama wins the party s top spot .
havana , cuba cnn former cuban president fidel castro appeared tuesday in a video broadcast on cuban television , the first scenes of the ailing revolutionary leader released since january .
beijing has never admitted to blocking access to bbc news stories and there has been no official confirmation that the website has been unblocked .
the blue chip dow jones industrial average slipped . points , or . percent , to end an exceptionally volatile day at , . .
he was paroled in march and now works two jobs and lives with a family member in a chicago suburb .
that s a completely different era and time . . . i m just feeling really happy and grateful .
i m healthy at the moment , and that s why you can see me smiling more on the court , compared to the beginning of the year , where i was not really being myself because i was hurt and i couldn t enjoy my game .
but noah died two days later of dysentery .
but piro said he was not sure that the insurgency was indeed part of hussein s plan .
the beverage is not restricted to just red wine , which has been reported in the past as helping reduce heart problems .
ex until we d built up sufficient forces to drive the invaders back , we pursued a policy of containment .
taking advantage of the fact that consumers are not familiar with relevant laws , many companies do not allow consumers to return them .
desperate to rescue his negative image in the field of diplomacy and foreign relations in the last year of his tenure , us president george w bush has said he is prepared to exert pressure so that middle eastern peace talks can succeed .
singapore cnn singapore airlines said tuesday an a superjumbo flight was canceled due to a fuel pump defect , the first major technical glitch to ground the world s largest passenger jet .
the pentagon wanted to be sure the shuttle would not be struck by any debris from a destroyed satellite .
authorities say there s no trace of him , and he hasn t used a credit card or cell phone .
the capital of male was also flooded , although sea walls protected it from further devastation .
life sentences were give to farhan jubouri former head of military intelligence in northern iraq and saber abdel aziz al douri director of military intelligence during the anfal campaign and a one time mayor of baghdad .
and other ex soviet states , the agency said in a statement .
farmers fortunes have waned for many reasons , some of them complex .
it is my ardent hope that the ongoing participation of various countries involved in the negotiation process will lead to a cessation of programs designed to develop and produce weapons with frightening potential for unspeakable destruction , benedict said .
all we need is love , another said .
a combination that wasn t technically or economically possible until this decade
places as far apart as sri lanka , thailand and somalia were affected by the disaster .
and one more important economic report , the labor department says wholesale prices dropped another two plus percent in november , the fourth straight month of declines .
yang s conviction came amid a chinese crackdown on tax evasion and a series of investigations of leading business figures for possible tax and financial offenses .
we are thrilled with this near split in delegates and are grateful to the people of wyoming for their support , clinton s campaign manager , maggie williams , said in a statement .
we have watched old divisions and hatreds recede or vanish .
darwin walked into a police station in london last week , and claimed to have amnesia .
on a vote of , far more than the needed , the democratic led senate cleared a procedural hurdle and began considering a bill to increase congressional and judicial oversight of electronic surveillance of suspected terrorists .
at a cost reportedly near the million mark , this third installment goes for broke , particularly in the special effects .
i have six dogs and certainly when coming home at night they put a smile on my face .
the comments come after dan senor , a leading republican strategist , suggested on abc sunday that rice is mounting a behind the scenes campaign to be mccain s running mate .
jobless claims now at their highest levels in years foreclosures were also up last month .
making clumsy errors , williams , seeded eighth , dropped serve straight away and found herself down after just minutes .
emanuel had earlier said that he was honored to be considered for the position , but had a lot to think about on a personal level . i have a lot to weigh
currently , people from these regions tend to fly to india for medical services not provided in their countries .
the same sub zero temperatures and biting winds that turned the northern plains into a skating rink are now flash freezing the northeast .
heng tinghan is accused of holding workers in a kiln in hongtong county in the northern province of shanxi .
the intergovernmental panel on climate change , a united nations network of , scientists , warned last week of possible catastrophic risks such as floods , disease , food shortages , species extinction and human suffering throughout the world .
he says government officials hope the clipper will become the standard and will be widely used around the world because they worry that an increasingly sophisticated encryption technology could weaken the legal process .
they did not indicate what the agenda for the meeting would be , but u . s . state department spokesman tom casey said villarosa s message would be the same one we ve been giving publicly , and that s that they need to stop repressing their own people , that they need to engage in a dialogue with the opposition .
yoo said the group was traveling on a chartered bus in southern afghanistan when two local men got on board with the permission of the driver , who said they were not dangerous . half an hour later , the men fired shots and stopped the bus , yoo said .
but none for either best director or best drama .
it measures four meters high and is over two meters in diameter .
such attempts , he says , run up against the first amendment here and may conflict with values in other cultures .
south korea has confirmed that a second hostage has been killed by the taliban in central afghanistan .
the state department sent a report to congress laying out the preliminary findings , he said .
a tractor trailer caught fire , and flame and black smoke billowed into the sky .
senate foreign relations committee chairman john kerry welcoming clinton to capitol hill a short while ago .
lego is something that almost everyone has played with at some point in their lives .
but latif put the number of fatalities at six and said none of the dead were foreigners .
i have a lifetime of experience . senator mccain has a lifetime of experience .
this is how researchers created dolly the sheep , the first mammal to be cloned from an adult animal .
during the first two years
the changes come amid fears the summer games will be disrupted by protesting activists or possibly terrorists a concern deepened after the troubled progress made by the international olympic torch relay .
pichushkin boasted of killing people one short of filling up the chessboard but prosecutors were able to find evidence only for murders .
kumar , the police official , said sunday s attack was the handiwork of a militant outfit , but we don t know which group is involved .
bulger , alleged former leader of the winter hill gang in boston , has been on the run since january after he was indicted on counts of murder .
ivanov said russia also successfully tested a tactical cruise missile .
residents of uljin rattled by an strong earthquake .
nobody has claimed responsibility for his death .
several nations , including the united states , classify it as a terrorist group .
the proposed sale , first reported in the new york times , is intended to upgrade the saudi military s ability to counter possible iranian aggression in the persian gulf region , the official said .
the decision immediately triggered the resignation of popular foreign and defense minister jose ramos horta .
meanwhile , liu s mother was planning to travel to melbourne to pick up her granddaughter , said pansy wong , a new zealand lawmaker and ethnic chinese community leader who spoke to the grandmother in china s hunan province .
although doing your own research is a good thing , dr . pamela peeke says her female patients are more likely to become overwhelmed by what they read .
but i think it s ironic that she charged gov . spitzer , for sex and she wants to charge me million for taking some naked pictures of her , francis told cnn . i feel like i m getting a raw deal .
blagojevich could be ordered out of office by the end of the day .
the most wanted chechen rebel warlord , shamil basayev , has died in an explosion in the neighbouring republic of ingushetia .
disneylands all over the world seem to pull in the crowds .
liverpool fuming over champions venue switch
megan ambuhl is likely to be reduced .
what we need to know is that we ve got appropriate means for verification .
the united states and france are among the nations providing aircraft and other equipment to help the cameroonians search .
hillary clinton of new york and barack obama of illinois is a statistical dead heat in texas , which holds primaries march .
russian president vladimir putin launched a scathing attack on the west on thursday , accusing washington of imperialism and of starting a new arms race .
the militants demanded that south korea withdraw those troops and also halt plans to send three thousand more to northern iraq .
for the mechanically challenged , evolution sells an assembled robot for still minus the computer .
he finished with aces and never faced a break point .
in march a rockefeller university team published a study in the new england journal of medicine showing that when research volunteers lost about of their weight by dieting , their overall calories burned fell still further
california supreme court voided same sex marriage sanctioned in san francisco .
the presidential vote called after saakashvili was criticized for a crackdown against violent anti government protests in november won the backing of international observers , who said it was , in essence , consistent with most international standards .
the concerts mark the start of a new campaign called save our selves , the campaign for a climate in crisis .
more than , people have been killed in the disaster .
there are now nearly confirmed cases of swine flu in us states . the cdc s acting director , dr .
zoellick would replace paul wolfowitz , who resigned amid a scandal over his role in winning a new pay and promotion package for his girlfriend .
bush said there was no one person or event to blame for the recent u . s . economic woes .
during the past week , as the iraqis ascended to the finals , dozens of people died in soccer related violence , some from celebratory gunfire and some from attacks .
the official was responding to a report by a japanese business daily that north korea has asked china to arrange a visit by the u . s . state secretary .
rumored to be called eclipse , the vessel is expected to overtake dubai as the largest super yacht in the world .
there were more heart attacks during the week after the start of daylight saving time , particularly on the first three days of the week .
officials originally reported an armed man had seized eight hostages , quickly releasing five .
british troops started pulling out of basra palace on sunday night .
ap the french player stood on the th tee holding on to a two shot lead in a major championship .
. . . it s a growing thing .
this paved the way for open hardware standards and , eventually , the opportunity for thousands of companies in the pc sector .
the year old supermodel was charged when she reported to heathrow police station to answer bail over the april fracas , lawyer simon nicholls said .
european governing body uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against ac milan and their brazilian goalkeeper dida following a controversial conclusion to last week s champions league clash at celtic .
spain and france also have promised money to countries along the coast to help provide other options to those who say the dangerous trip to europe is their only chance at a better life . http edition . cnn . com world africa mauritania . migrants . ap index . html
on saturday , central seoul saw , people protest against the talks with the united states .
one case was dismissed , another is pending .
thomas einhorn , chief of orthopedic surgery at boston university medical center .
an african union spokesman said gedi was taken from the residence to an undisclosed location .
the list would include the united states , china , india and major european countries .
president bush announced the mission in washington on thursday .
washington cnn president bush on monday said he reluctantly accepted the resignation of attorney general alberto gonzales , whose good name was dragged through the mud for political reasons .
go back millions of years to the grasslands of africa .
the suspect fled and police launched a manhunt in the southern city of melbourne , closing several streets and advising people to stay indoors as tactical officers armed with shotguns fanned out and helicopters joined the search overhead .
do you not think an angel rides in the whirlwind and directs this storm ?
passengers and crew including dozens of european tourists scrambled for the one two go plane s emergency exits , trying to escape as flames spread through the aircraft , witnesses said .
pakistan s president has agreed in principle to address the closing session of the current joint afghan pakistani meeting that he originally declined to attend , pakistan s foreign ministry said friday .
the ap s mark smith has the story live from the white house
an old hong kong woman became the territory s th fatality .
however , a radical islamist web site reported earlier wednesday that a statement from bin laden was coming shortly .
the tests were being conducted purely as a precautionary measure , said aled williams , spokesman for the british department for environment , food and rural affairs .
in better days such as in , when north and south korean leaders held a summit in pyongyang senior military officers from both sides sometimes relaxed over drinks after their formal meetings , said steve oertwig , a u . s . military spokesman .
shank suffered severe brain damage after a traffic accident nearly eight years ago that robbed her of much of her short term memory and left her in a wheelchair and living in a nursing home .
deetz , , is preparing to sue , his lawyers said .
takai was jubilant , saying it s going to be the only day like this in our lives and it is the only day like this in the history of america .
we re certain the facts will show in the long run that mr . auvinen was acting completely on his own , without any encouragement from my client or anyone else for that matter , farrell said .
but when you think of more than pharaohs , dynasties , tutankhamun s is only one of them , silverman said .
hill was designated as assistant u . s . secretary of state on north east asia , a job that will task him with negotiations on the stand off over north korea s nuclear weapons program on behalf of the u . s .
there are billions of barrels of oil in the outer continental shelf . there s even more in alaska .
opposition grand national party lawmakers denounced the government yesterday , accusing it of abusing new legislation governing newspapers and trying to control the press .
than afl cio members got their noses out of joint because kmart buys ads in the detroit news , where a nasty strike is in progress .
he said the new york senator entered the event to a sea of high fives , cheers , and a standing ovation from her democratic colleagues .
i think it s you , you feel in continuity with all the pilgrims through the ages that have been here .
canada s prime minister , paul martin , faces a no confidence motion in parliament which his minority liberal government is widely tipped to lose .
asked how they knew the man was kim , one of the men said , the son called the man father .
lee s wealth reached million won last year .
new york is such a great city to shoot in . . . .
the central asian state has never held a vote judged free and fair .
the military also rolled additional armor into nahr el bared in an apparent bid to push deeper into the camp .
prosecutor general choung sang myoung tuesday strongly denounced the government s plan to allow police greater investigative powers , claming that it would compromise the authority of the prosecution .
the pro opposition korea times reported that roh went on to describe the anti relocation move as political maneuvering .
the outline of how we will respond will become clear after the south korea u . s . summit , ra jong il , national security adviser for roh , said on may .
north korea is not a threat to attack south korea , but its ability to ship weapons to hostile countries or terrorists is a danger , u . s .
not only does it have some of the best views you re gonna get in boston , but it s something that we re going to be able to learn from . it has a theme of reclaiming something .
more than , images are expected to be beamed back .
mccain said that health care in the u . s . was too expensive and called the more than trillion the nation spends annually on health care staggering .
the vows were squeezed in between the p . m . and p . m . shows of hans klok s the beauty of magic at planet hollywood resort , casino spokeswoman amy sadowsky said .
the announcement could come when bush addresses the nation on television thursday at p . m . et .
a small group of chinese muslims has been ordered to be released from guantanamo bay .
at p . m . , the network is airing a rerun of american gladiators .
men show a greater preference for tongue contact and open mouth kisses .
the palestinians accused israel of stepping up such attacks during the run up to bush s visit .
candidates who do not do well in early elections tend to drop out , so giving those states who decide first more say .
cnn south africa s embattled police commissioner resigned sunday as president of interpol , a day after he took an extended leave of absence from his police duties , the international crime fighting agency said in a statement .
officers confiscated his computer , memory cards , books and banking documents .
the eu is also wading into a row between microsoft and open source developers backed by international business machines corp . by looking into microsoft s open format for archived documents office open xml .
xinhua added that police were monitoring the demonstrations in the three cities , which remained peaceful .
obama was responding to bush s remarks in israel on thursday that some want to appease the terrorists .
companies cited in the report have denied the allegations .
button is born with a disease that causes him to begin life in his s and age backward .
china had refused u . s . suggestion to cut off fuel supplies to north korea .
pakistan s civil and higher courts remained closed as part of an ongoing boycott by the country s lawyers in protest against chaudhry s suspension .
a team found the gold necklace near lake titicaca in peru , according to the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences .
in south korea , which college one attends has far reaching implications .
a mob of pakistani muslims stoned to death a man accused of blasphemy in the central province of punjab , police and witnesses said .
the first in a series of courts martial in the abu ghraib prisoner abuse allegations will begin next week , trials that could bring new revelations on whether the mistreatment of iraqis was an aberration or stemmed from pressure from commanders .
in massachusetts , where up to inches of snow is forecast , the governor tells nonessential state employees to stay home today .
the opera great was vacationing at his holiday home in pesaro , an adriatic seaside resort miles southeast of modena , when his doctor noticed that he had a fever and decided to admit him to the hospital for tests , robson said .
and as parents , we want our kids to feel guilt
the new york philharmonic orchestra has arrived in communist north korea , for what has been described as a remarkable display of cultural diplomacy .
but that s the very reason i came here .
the getty museum has reached a compromise with italy after a bitter dispute over antiquities in its collection that rome says were looted , the italian culture ministry said in a statement on wednesday .
the government has reported . billion in damage from the storm .
military officials reported four u . s . soldiers died sunday in a roadside bombing in iraq , bringing the american toll in the war to the milestone of , deaths , including eight defense department civilians .
shin ki nam decided to step down from the top post .
overall , exports are down . percent for the year , the first time that number has declined since , when u . s . demand slumped slightly after the tech bubble burst .
as many as healthy sheep could be available for adoption , officials said .
the korea times reports an eight month probe into lone star is losing pace as the court again rejected the prosecution s request to arrest three lone star funds executives suspected of stock manipulation .
dalai lama to resume overseas travel
as grim faced officials emerged to announce the names of the workers found dead , the relatives broke into sobs and cries , some fainted .
if that s the way it came across , i apologize .
susanne klatten s spokesman joerg appelhans told cnn tuesday that the bmw heiress alerted police in january this year that she was the victim of fraud and blackmail by a man he identified as mr . s .
the pacific tsunami warning center also issued a tsunami watch for panama , costa rica , nicaragua , guatemala , el salvador , mexico and honduras .
about students staged a rare protest monday against iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , calling him a dictator as he gave a speech at tehran university marking the beginning of the academic year .
phone maker lg said the cell would have been rigorously tested and was only sold in korea but it could not comment further because of the police probe .
hormone changes accompanying menopause can cause hair to become thinner and more brittle , so scrivo recommends emollient shampoos and soft , gentle brushes .
xinhua said the victims had been enticed or sent by human traffickers to the kilns , where they were beaten , starved and forced to work long hours without payment .
this will prevent situations where temporary workers in canada , including strippers , may be abused , exploited or possibly become victims of human trafficking , finley said in a statement .
cats start to scratch at a very early age , about weeks or so , which is often the age they re being adopted into a family , she says .
the two crew members suffered facial injuries when the bottle of acid smashed on deck , sending shards of glass in all directions , he said .
a four page company document released monday by a religious group and kim yong chul , a former top samsung legal affairs official , shows samsung s senior executives arranged a series of stock transactions between and to help the chairman pass control of the family controlled group to his son .
expedition leader and marine biologist ashley rowden said starfish usually only covered slopes away from the top of the undersea mountains .
but suddenly to be in the midst of it
monday s report represents the consensus of u . s . intelligence agencies .
chung and his son will provide a combined percent stake or . million shares to the logistics subsidiary to a social welfare fund , hyundai motor vice chairman lee jeon kap said yesterday during a press conference .
tuesday marks one year since england followed wales , scotland , and northern ireland to ban indoor smoking at pubs , restaurants , and bars .
the scientists also investigated the world s biggest ocean current the antarctic circumpolar current amid expectations they would find evidence of climate change in the southern ocean .
the ministry of finance and economy wednesday announced that the government will pursue macroeconomic policy to solidify the ongoing recovery .
in the fall , congress passed a law that outlined the rules for trying terrorism suspects
study subjects in that group lost almost four pounds in three months and kept it off for another three months .
myers also has a year old son , who ran and hid inside the house during the shooting .
something that will boost their capabilities at crucial moments is very important .
britain s military denied newspaper reports on thursday that it was banning prince harry from serving in combat in iraq , but acknowledged his deployment was under review .
all the high tech exposure automation , light correction and color balancing are out of sight , out of mind .
more than monks have marched in central burma , the first time they have returned to the streets since last month s bloody crackdown on protests .
two people in a life raft spotted after a helicopter heading to an offshore oil platform went down in the atlantic off the canadian coast .
according to an official south african government web site , workers died in mine accidents in , with another , suffering injuries .
at the asian aerospace trade fair federal reserve chairman alan greenspan expressed cautious optimism about the u . s . economy , saying a recovery from its first recession in a decade was on the way , but it would likely be muted .
, , asked to take an extended break from playing for the azzurri following the world cup and went on to score serie a goals last season to scoop the european golden boot .
he was responding to the conservative grand national party gnp s cynical view of the summit .
british forces will remain to train and supervise iraqi forces .
an army spokeswoman said the body was that of private first class joseph anzack jr from california .
but this time . . . i have to stand up . . . for our fans all over sweden . . . to say that you owe them , and us , an apology .
so in the short term , the president seems to be getting his way more time to run the war on his terms .
the country s state run newspaper , the herald , has indicated that neither president robert mugabe nor challenger morgan tsvangirai received enough votes in the election to avoid a runoff .
chen , speaking from taiwan in a live video link broadcast to u . n . reporters , blasted china for beijing s continuous efforts to stymie the island s bid for official recognition .
tonight , i can stand before you and say that i will be the democratic nominee for president of the united states , he s expected to say .
her latest effort , nineteen minutes , is currently sitting in the top five on the new york times bestseller list and has earned rave reviews from such publications as the washington post and publishers weekly .
apparently grasping at straws in an attempt to bring him to justice , prosecution authorities now claim a former presidential policy planner used government funds to support buddhist temples , especially one run by a dongguk university official , in exchange for the hiring of his alleged romantic partner by the school .
after last year s massive toy recall , stacy duran isn t taking any chances when shopping for toys this holiday season .
a crane operator at dubai marina made a mistake while trying to fix a steel board over a group of metallic pillars and accidentally knocked off one of the pillars , police said .
in january , president elect barack obama and his family will make history , becoming the first african american first family to move into the white house
he has closed his eyes . he has said before that he would go when the people want him to do so and now the people have given their verdict .
as for those without computers and broadband access at home , this isn t necessarily gonna be the best news for them , hunke said .
hyundai cited the south korean currency as a key reason along with its worst year of production losses from strikes behind a percent drop in net profit .
seattle , washington reuters german low cost airline air berlin said saturday it ordered of boeing co . s new dreamliner planes in a deal worth billion at list prices .
and the american people shall discover that you are all one side of the same coin of tyranny , criminality and failure .
a third minute goal from uruguayan international marcelo zalayeta gave napoli the three points and it could have been worse for the leaders had zalayeta converted a penalty minutes from time .
south africa s former president was imprisoned on robben island for years and it s one of the country s most famous tourist sites .
against basketball hall of famer dave bing
britain has been in command of coalition forces in the southern part of the country and has about , troops in iraq .
most likely it is an emotional motive .
both japan and south korea rose to economic power when stable asian allies seemed more important to western politicians than closed asian markets .
what we do know is that the quds force was instrumental in providing these deadly ieds to networks inside of iraq , bush said at a white house news conference , referring to a branch of the iranian revolutionary guard .
lee is expected to make an announcement after keeping mum for a full day .
you ll see barack obama s face all over the tube tonight
sunday s attacks were the first to take place simultaneously in all four southern provinces yala , narathiwat , pattani and songkhla where the militants operate , said army spokesman col . akara thiprote .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
livni s visit to washington follows a lull in fighting between israel and palestinians in hamas run gaza .
the ap s tony wittenberg reports that charlie crist may have a leg up on possible opponents
coming alongside cole s boat , sarkozy , clad only in swim trunks , jumped aboard and began shouting at them .
guests filled auckland s holy trinity anglican cathedral and an overflow area next door for a service .
myanmar s ruling junta acknowledged that one civilian had been killed and three wounded in the suppression of anti government protests , the associated press reported .
leahy added , there is a cloud over this white house , and a gathering storm . a similar cloud envelops mr . rove , even as he leaves the white house .
the call doesn t come very often , but when it does the answer is invariably yes .
thailand s main opposition party says it has submitted evidence to the electoral commission that the ruling party has committed electoral fraud .
his compatriot roche had coached world number one federer on a part time basis from , but the pair parted just two weeks before this year s french open .
it was the first time either location had ever been the target of a law enforcement raid .
madrid , spain cnn the search is back on for words to the spanish national anthem .
the british government previously had said it played no part in the program .
the couple died in a car crash which french and british police have blamed on their driver , henri paul .
crude prices have jumped sharply , touching above a barrel in early trading thursday .
proenza caused an uproar last month with comments about a key hurricane satellite called quikscat .
a justice department official will refuse to answer questions during a senate committee hearing on the firing of eight u . s . attorneys , citing her fifth amendment right not to incriminate herself , her lawyer said monday .
the report , the degradation of work
scientists want the rover opportunity to travel feet down toward a bright band of rocks in the victoria crater .
as of sunday afternoon , there was no known connection between the two incidents .
mcnairy county judge weber mccraw , who presided over mary winkler s criminal trial , said tuesday she would not be permitted to travel to talk with winfrey .
the year old serb also won the china open last week and the italian open earlier this year .
estes said most of these children are runaways and homeless kids who trade survival sex for food , shelter and clothing on the streets of u . s . cities .
she s about to receive vibrations .
used wisely , it s a blessing .
afghanistan s hard line taliban regime carried out executions in public , many of them at the war shattered kabul stadium , but the practice stopped after they were ousted from power by the u . s . led coalition in late .
the main driver of crude s rally was a decline in the greenback relative to the euro on monday , analysts said .
she was one of those friends who made you feel bad if you didn t call , nowick , , a technology director in san francisco , says of her former pal .
north korea likened thursday s train blast in ryongchon , a town of , near the chinese border , to bombs , each weighing one ton going off at the same time .
london , england cnn an apparent false alarm early sunday triggered a massive air sea rescue operation to evacuate over workers from an oil rig in the north sea , police and the british coast guard said .
the korea times reports the nation s spy chief could face a criminal investigation for leaking confidential information in violation of internal national intelligence service nis regulations .
professor hawking became famous for his bestseller a brief history of time , which attempted to simplify cosmology , the big bang and black holes .
the six year old girl was beaten and strangled in her colorado home years ago , in a case that gripped america .
thailand has been in political turmoil since the military led a coup against thaksin and his legally elected government while he was out of the country last september .
msnbc and cbs have decided to suspend don imus for two weeks following his reference last week to members of the rutgers women s basketball team as nappy headed hos .
the senate has extended jobless benefits for more weeks .
jobs also confirmed the consumer electronics company s foray into online movie rentals , revealing an alliance with all six major movie studios to offer films over high speed internet connections within days after they re released on dvd .
mccain could win enough delegates to mathematically secure his party s nomination tuesday , though he has been the presumed gop nominee for weeks .
gonzales described public service as honorable and noble and thanked bush for his friendship .
how can a democrat share power with a dictator ?
for some history , families can visit the sixth floor museum at dealey plaza elm st . in the west end .
that would allow congress to pass a bill that would keep the government running .
the standard poor s index was up . points , or . percent , at , . .
just five countries china , iran , saudi arabia , pakistan and the us were responsible for of known executions in the world , amnesty said .
guinness began searching for america s tallest man in august .
the new york senator battled on monday to save her campaign with victories in the two showdowns , which would halt rival barack obama s streak of consecutive wins in their hard fought duel to be the democratic nominee in november s presidential election .
in the future , mcleish envisages carbon sciences setting up shop next door to large co emitters coal , gas fired plants and oil refineries recycling concentrated streams of co discharged from fossil fuel plants .
ba misplaced bags per , passengers carried in the worst figure in a list of airlines who are members of the association of european airlines aea .
monte fraker , vice president of operations for mcdonald s restaurants in santa barbara , said peterson died peacefully at his home tuesday .
in the united states , activists filed a suit demanding that the food and drug administration ban a practice suspected of causing mad cow disease in britain
but the us says the accounts are now unfrozen and it does not know why the north has left the funds untouched .
obama will address the country from a rally in chicago , illinois , at midnight .
meanwhile , democrats pledge to continue their white house probe into the firing of several u . s . attorneys , despite the resignation of president s top aide .
while the insurgent group offered no proof that it is holding the soldiers , u . s . military spokesman maj . gen . william caldwell said monday that the military believes al qaeda in iraq or an affiliated group is responsible for their abduction .
hundreds of rangers had fled the fighting between nkunda s ethnic tutsi rebels and the congolese army and allied militias , leaving scientists with no reliable information about the endangered gorillas .
the survey , which canvassed out of heads of foreign missions for more than six months , showed that . percent judged the nation s market openness as average or below average .
the commission s recommendations only reflect the progressive segment of our society , they claimed in a joint statement after an emergency meeting at lotte hotel in downtown seoul .
initially george sorial , trump s lawyer and managing director of international development for the trump organization , was reported in the british press saying they may find it hard to sell the houses due to the slow down in the market .
they said that as the guided missile destroyer uss hopper , the guided missile cruiser uss port royal and the guided missile frigate uss ingraham were entering the persian gulf , five iranian boats approached them at high speed and swarmed them .
she said he was taken to the university of california , los angeles medical center on saturday , and that rumors that hasselhoff checked into rehab were not true .
he worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing pounds in the process more than enough to win his bet with harrell .
schoolmates and relatives painted a portrait of virginia tech victim jeremy herbstritt as a friendly , talkative and passionate man , in stark contrast to his killer cho seung hui , the deeply troubled and quiet loner .
on st . lucia , police said a man drowned in a river while trying to retrieve a cow .
some birthday parties now rival weddings in scale and price with some costing tens of thousands of dollars .
an arrogant prime minister shinzo abe caused an uproar in march when he said there was no proof that the government or the military had forced the women into sexual servitude . us lawmakers have called on japan s government to formally apologize for its role in forcing thousands of women to work as sex slaves in world war ii .
the prime defendants acquitted of mass murder but found guilty of lesser charges included abdelmajid bouchar and youssef belhadj , both convicted of membership in a terrorist group and sentenced to years in prison .
bhutto has called on musharraf to step down and said negotiations between her pakistan people s party ppp and him have hit a dead end .
it is unacceptable that a single ngo is treating the vast majority of hiv patients in a crisis of this magnitude , the charity s operations manager joe belliveau , said in a press release .
obama says the hardest thing he s had to do so far as president was to order , troops to afghanistan , on top of an estimated . that were already there .
justice minister kim said he s opposed to abolishing the national security law .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned the attack in the strongest possible terms in a statement sunday .
japan has started to fingerprint and photograph all foreigners when they arrive in the country .
china s leaders exalt the dam as a sign of the country s high tech prowess , but the demolition was being carried out by brute force , with hammers and pickaxes .
three decades later , there is a legitimate debate about how we got into the vietnam war and how we left , bush told members of the veterans of foreign wars , at their convention in kansas city , missouri .
the actor was rushed to hospital with a knife wound that had narrowly missed his main artery .
journalist bonnie urbay has covered national politics for more than years .
i mean , many times what happens , specifically as the people are taken into the trauma room , many times rushed up to the operating room , their wounds are cared for , they re hospitalized many times with severe , severe injuries such that they require sometimes life support for a period of time .
we are not surprised nor concerned with lisa nowak being fired as an astronaut or whether or not she wore a diaper , said shipman s lawyer , kepler funk , in a written statement . we continue to focus our concern on colleen shipman as a crime victim .
the court s decision is seen as advocating the necessity of the security law as a means of defending the country from the communist north amid existing ideological confrontation between the two koreas .
that day he promised that he will send armored cars to protect what s left from the museum , george said . three days ago till now , nobody came .
rattray was shot dead january by a six man gang at his fugitives drift guest lodge in the eastern province of kwazulu natal .
it s a shame to use this as a reason to not take part in negotiations for two days .
ex seoul mayor lee , is well known for his blunt word choices , while chung , the presidential nominee of the liberal united new democratic party undp and a former mbc anchor of the nightly news , is widely known for his political rhetoric .
president bush urged congress on thursday to approve million in new global food aid to be made available beginning in october .
game tomorrow night , in orlando .
some of the creatures were not lurking in fertile floodplains or tropical foliage .
electric dreams for green driving
treasury department and federal reserve officials are to meet later today with top executives from financial firms to work out details of the billion plan .
associated press correspondent jerry bodlander on capitol hill .
kartick satyanarayan of the conservation group wildlife sos said the animals descended on the runway in search of dry ground .
political tsunami , read the headline of malaysia s the star newspaper .
the interior ministry official said elements of the mehdi army were involved in wednesday s fighting .
new video from china suggests that security forces have yet to gain complete control of tibet and neighboring provinces which have suffered eruptions of anti chinese violence since last week .
that s terrific news .
jerry seinfeld has reunited with one of his most famous tv girl friends .
a tropical storm warning , meaning tropical storm conditions are expected within hours , was in effect for an area south of palma sola to veracruz .
julia teryokhina , , who works for the alex agency in moscow , reports that she lost seven kilograms and was covered with bruises after undergoing two weeks of martial arts training .
search and rescue task , we are now emphasizing on the second phase , mint said . works in this phase include rebuilding homes and reconstruction of the villages for local people hit by the storm .
ex his stock is high .
the u . s . and some european union nations were among the first to recognize kosovo s sovereignty , but other world powers including russia and china have opposed the secession , warning of a return to conflict in the region .
a california judge has ordered o . j . simpson to stop spending money he received for his unpublished book , if i did it , about the slayings of his ex wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend ron goldman .
in addition , four officials at struggling two year colleges songgok and songho in gangwon were charged without detention for allowing the students to register and pay for the classes with the forged documents .
painters alex and allyson grey are planning to move the business to a acre plot of land in upstate new york .
no sounds were returned , and the coast guard wrapped up their rescue mission for the night .
the two big opposition parties if they form a coalition and get the support of smaller groups and independent candidates could gain the two thirds majority in parliament needed to impeach musharraf .
socialist prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero won an upset victory in after the train bombings and quickly fulfilled his campaign pledge to withdraw spain s troops from the u . s . backed coalition in iraq , which many saw as a reason why spain had become a target for islamic terrorism .
gates also must worry about sagging public support .
berlin , germany cnn eleven people were injured when they fell off the back of a truck during the shooting of tom cruise s latest film in berlin , police said on monday .
the u . n . report is based on figures for many countries , or the most recent available .
exactly one year from today , south korea will pick a new president .
tim connahan has played santa for forty years .
a team of five specialists from airbus is being dispatched to the site . people in a civilian vessel saw the crash take place off the coast near perpignan , the french government official said .
pakistani officials sunday continued to search for survivors a day after heavy rains collapsed buildings and brought down power lines in karachi , killing more than people , provincial health and police officials said .
the mineral , to be named jadarite , will go on show at the london s natural history museum at certain times of the day on wednesday , april , and sunday , may .
in iraq , where the fourth of july was business as usual for the nearly , u . s . troops , some said their service made them more appreciative of the holiday .
when politicians hear the american people calling loud and clear for change , they ll listen , gore , the former tennessee senator and presidential candidate , said in a statement .
the couple , who first met at a charity event , insisted at the time the split was amicable despite widespread reports of a tempestuous relationship between the former beatle and mills , an ex model .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack cautioned that this week s initial meetings would focus on setting the agenda for the u . s . north korea working group led by kim and hill , the top american nuclear negotiator .
prophets spoke to me
the decision was made after republican senator george voinovich indicated he would side with the democrats who oppose bolton s nomination .
davenport , who is returning to singles play for the first time since having a child in june , was erratic at times after building a lead in the second set .
rogge underscored the ioc s concerns in a speech thursday saying that athletes need clean and healthy conditions in which to train and compete . but he did not read out a warning to beijing contained in the prepared text that said time may be running out .
in san jose , there s the rather sad sight of a bearded man apparently sleeping or did he just pass out ?
specialist james barker was one of four serving soldiers charged over the killings in the iraqi town of mahmudiya in march .
and then there s rocket science , another wry , idiosyncratic teen angst comedy in the indie mold of napoleon dynamite , rushmore and the squid and the whale to name but three .
obama , a first term senator from illinois , won the first contest in iowa earlier this month .
spin master ltd . , a toronto based toy company that distributes a similar line of toys for moose enterprises under the name aqua dots , said it is requesting all stores remove the product from shelves in north america .
government overseas remittance restriction movement may backfire in foreign exchange transaction liberalization .
minden , nevada cnn the search for missing aviator steve fossett has generated internet tips and drawn volunteer pilots , though whether the extra aid is helping or hurting the rescue effort is still an open question .
ftse index stock bradford bingley fell percent .
but some nato countries refused to contribute new combat troops for afghanistan during a summit in seville , spain , earlier this month .
cnn the chadian children whom six french charity workers were convicted of attempting to kidnap will soon be reunited with their families , the united nations children agency said friday .
we stand ready to take substantive additional action as needed to support growth and to provide adequate insurance against downside risks , bernanke said in prepared remarks before the women in housing and finance and exchequer club in washington , d . c .
pitt described it as more a gangster film than a western .
they were arrested over the weekend .
reviving his desire to play an active role in relations between north and south korea , former president kim dae jung said yesterday that if he were invited to visit pyongyang , he is prepared to discuss a range of issues concerning the korean peninsula .
the united nations says the swelling number of darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern chad is causing serious strain on the region .
in its annual world health report , the united nations agency warned there was a good possibility that another major scourge like aids , sars or ebola fever with the potential of killing millions would appear in the coming years .
and city centers are generally regarded as inefficient .
the medical examiner said his office also collected from smith several vials of blood , a piece of bone with bone marrow inside , and hair samples .
the six nation discussions reconvened on tuesday after a five week recess .
the pair , who cannot be named because of their age , killed year old davis while the three were staying at the same house in the coal mining town of collie , south of perth , on june .
said semak , who is the most experienced player with international appearances .
the red cross distributed a three month supply of antibiotics , anesthetics and bandages to north korean hospitals over the weekend , but according to the hospitals , they have already used these medical supplies and have requested more .
the children are hearing the e word , but it s not elbow , it s economy .
the pound steller sea lion waddled ashore , shocking students and teachers .
meteorologist craig cogil says it looks like a good day to stay bundled up indoors .
these houses just went up on fire .
schoomaker now commands the u . s . army medical research and material command at fort detrick , maryland .
the iaea announced friday that a delegation led by olli heinonen , a deputy director general of the iaea , would travel to pyongyang on tuesday to prepare for the first inspection .
restaurants
our air traffic control and just the general volume at the airports we ll be right back where we were in and and we ll be in the same bad circumstance that we were unless we fix something .
kivuitu said he had been pressured to announce the results , ap reported .
the items were exhibited at the tate britain gallery in central london .
she said the decision was made weeks ago and was not a stand on principle .
john smoltz is keeping his right arm numb and his hopes for a comeback warm .
the cutting away of the vocal cords leaves an animal with a higher risk of infection .
some new york tourists are eager to see the city s other landmarks
when karzai was meeting with the people , the taliban fired rockets , ahmadi said by satellite phone from an undisclosed location . the rockets fell nearby .
european airlines lost luggage at a record setting pace in june , with of every , bags delayed , according to the association of european airlines .
even a half millennium after its heyday , the italian port cuts an impressive figure .
he was the professor who loved debating an equation with his students for hours .
our costs keep rising and the dollar is falling so we make less money than ever before , said a quality control manager at ei global , an exporter of small promotional items .
obama leads in the overall delegate count and among pledged delegates , who are assigned based on primaries and caucuses .
international soccer star david beckham said friday that he was taking on the biggest challenge of his career , after being introduced as the newest member of the los angeles galaxy .
instead cerberus will contribute billion to the chrysler auto operations it will now control , with just a bit more than another billion going to chrysler s finance arm .
less widowhood , fewer elderly people in nursing homes and the increased social support of both spouses being alive longer .
eight people were injured , five of them seriously , according to police . most of the victims were students in their teens and s , medical officials said .
speaking sunday to abc during a campaign stop in macon , georgia , obama said south carolina voters showed they want to get beyond some of the racial politics that , you know , has been so dominant in the past . we re very encouraged as we go to the february states .
the ousted justices are at the heart of the political crisis that began in pakistan last year .
while so far the research has only been conducted on mice , scientists say they expect the techniques they ve developed to treat the mouse muscle will also work on humans .
tokyo , japan ap in the race for ever thinner displays for tvs , cell phones and other gadgets , sony may have developed one to beat them all a razor thin display that bends like paper while showing full color video .
take another look now at wall street .
in the caucasus region of the soviet union , nearly out of every , people live to celebrate their th birthday , and many don t stop at !
army soldiers were constructing sand bag levees to try and hold back the flooded hunter river , which had swollen into a wide , brown swirling torrent of water heading down the valley .
as deputy secretary of state , zoellick was chief aide to condoleezza rice between february and june last year .
in most cases , the victims are average , honest , hardworking people .
the protesters , who planned to reach the border for a confrontation with chinese authorities just before the beijing olympics begins in august , were only three days and km into the march when police stopped the march .
in court papers filed monday , sophy said hilton is distraught and traumatized as a consequence of the findings at the may hearing . . . and her fear of incarceration .
it s now tagged and waiting in a drawer cluttered with half used train passes .
gambari was reporting to the un security council after his second visit to burma following the violent suppression of anti government protests in september .
bush s progress report on iraq comes after he met with gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq , and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq .
madame tussauds berlin museum is scheduled to open on july .
or an additional five million dollars in revenue .
an year old man was hit when his stereo speakers fell onto his bed , and a year old man was hit by objects rattled off shelves .
apple spokeswoman jennifer bowcock told cnn her company has no comment .
now it s time for the red sox and tampa bay to wrap things up .
foreign minister song min soon said , there are no signs that there are changes in the operational situation of the yongbyon reactor .
eight candidates are running , including prime minister jose ramos horta , a nobel peace prize winner who spearheaded an overseas campaign for independence from indonesia .
thai police detained north koreans at an immigration office in bangkok on tuesday and most of them want to come to south korea , wire news services reported on wednesday .
officials of the anglo dutch company announced tuesday they were giving up on their original plan because they lacked support .
the government said gasoline stockpiles are well above average for this time of year .
the country s economy s been racked by hyperinflation and an unemployment rate of more than .
bonds has insisted he never knowingly used performance enhancing drugs but crowds at ballparks outside of san francisco have taunted and jeered bonds over the doping accusations .
shakhtar donetsk beat basel in the other match in the section to clinch a uefa cup spot at the expense of their swiss opponents .
a recent poll by german broadcaster zdf , however , indicated public sympathy for the train drivers , with percent of those polled saying the strike was justified .
carrick then netted a spectacular second and after daniele de rossi pulled one back , patrice evra had the final word with their seventh goal nine minutes from time .
it is central to what it means to be human .
and in the indonesian capital of jakarta that s where obama spent four years as a young boy students from his former school swayed and spun in traditional costumes representing indonesia s ethnically diverse tropical islands
they tried to take out tribal leaders meeting at an elementary school .
the comment was largely a warning for chavez , who u . s . officials suspect has lent support to colombian rebels .
according to kitt s official web site , she was nominated for a tony three times , a grammy and emmy twice .
the suwon district prosecutors office indicted five current and four former employees of kia motors , the second largest automaker in korea and an affiliate of hyundai motor .
a two mile protection zone and a six mile surveillance zone are being established around the infected premises , the agency said .
preliminary results were expected wednesday and the final tally april .
they had conversations and had an otherwise normal relationship except it all happened in the bathroom .
prosecutors have tentatively concluded that kim sun jong , co researcher of disgraced cloning expert hwang woo suk , fabricated samples of stem cell lines without hwang s knowledge , kbs tv reported on monday .
ah , but if you were good , cheers cascading down on the stage launched careers of those like ella fitzgerald , stevie wonder , and james brown .
david beckham said he would be honored to help england in its bid to host the world cup following another meeting with british prime minister gordon brown on thursday .
damon won a screenwriting oscar with ben affleck in for good will hunting . both damon and affleck starred in the movie .
banks , schools and government offices have been closed in lebanon , as the country mourns ghanim , of the maronite phalange party .
the appeals court threw out the fine last year .
during his stay in the hospital , she was appalled at the low level of healthcare available to him .
supersonic travel has not been offered to paying passengers since the last flight of british airways concorde in .
assisted suicide is illegal in france , however .
schumacher , the sales account manager from san francisco , would have appreciated having that conversation .
this year , a new musical of toy story will premiere on the wonder .
i suspect americans who think they ll have a pro american policy from sarkozy will be disappointed , said joseph nye , a professor of international relations at harvard university .
at around . am , officers attended a disturbance at a licensed premises on bold street , southport .
asian business schools are getting better than ever that s the message from the latest financial times ranking of global mbas , which lists three asia based programs in the top .
but the operation delayed several flights and shut down the runway for some time , airport spokesman arun arora said .
one irish employee s accusing dell of greed
davydenko broke nadal early but the spaniard broke back at love when the russian netted a forehand to level the first set at .
there were , complaints regarding internet fraud last year , costing victims more than million , according to the fbi internet crime report .
lobbyists claimed the project is guaranteed to turn a profit after years .
voters in ireland are going to the polls thursday to vote on a proposed treaty that is meant to streamline the enlarged european union .
at least people were injured near podgorica , in one of the worst rail crashes in montenegro s history .
a star studded concert meant to highlight the global environmental crisis has been canceled following the coordinated series of deadly attacks in mumbai .
rooms are tiny , and the staff can be difficult , especially if you need to make a special request or require help arranging anything extra .
i was standing around getting ready to go back to work and all of a sudden i heard this bang , bang , bang it sounded like someone shooting fireworks , a witness told cnn affiliate ketv . i ran to get away from whatever was happening .
the matrix actor doesn t owe a dime to the paparazzo who sued him .
they are protesting against japan s whaling program in the southern ocean , which is conducted under iwc rules permitting hunting for so called scientific purposes .
willis isn t alone in her devotion .
the movie is already available on dvd and will soon be shown in about nine theaters , according to a public relations firm for filmmaker david bossie , who heads citizens united .
i think given all we have heard and seen , he would not have been my pastor , clinton said at a news conference in greensburg , pennsylvania .
but today , sunni tribal leaders in this town cooperate with u . s . forces in their battle against foreign fighters and al qaeda in iraq .
the stimulus package is expected to run about billion , maybe more , and will likely include about billion worth of tax cuts .
according to the associated press , brazil s deadliest crash occurred last september when a gol aerolinhas inteligentes sa boeing collided with an executive jet over the amazon rainforest . all people on the passenger jet died .
thus far , the polish government has not been able to answer these questions .
both sides have agreed on the creation of an independent committee to investigate irregularities in the election and suggest reforms .
in developing countries , where industrial waste is discharged directly into rivers and drains , the problem is that there is no concept of hazardous waste , therefore , the will to implement the regulations lacks any sense of urgency .
seoul , south korea ap the korean peninsula has a history of invasions , civil war , and national division .
secondly , we know the risks of producing hideously deformed creatures and loss of life associated with cloning .
the year old got a chance to redeem herself tuesday on nbc s today show when she was again asked why one fifth of americans can t locate the u . s . on a map .
although it was nominally called to assess their opinions of the controversy , roh appeared to be in no mood to listen .
condoleezza rice talks successes , failures of past years
counting is under way in thailand after voting to elect members of the senate , in the second stage in the country s return to democratic government .
what became available that day was only . percent alcohol by weight compared with up to percent in full strength beer , but still , it was a step up from the virtually alcohol free near beer that had been sold since . it s a big deal .
i believe there has to be a bigger effort , a more robust effort concentrated on the right objective , he said .
a new low end model with a gigabyte drive will go on sale november for .
i woke up cold not knowing where the heck i was , and i didn t realize it at first because i still had my shoes and socks on , he said . when i got up , i realized , my god , i don t have any pants .
along with sturckow are pilot lee archambault , mission specialists patrick forrester , james reilly , steven swanson , john olivas and flight engineer clayton anderson .
leon j . laporte , commander of the usfk and the united nations command , defended the cease fire treaty which the north now wants to change into a peace treaty .
louis in the latest installment of our presidential election series , the contenders .
if it works , it could provide doctors with an easier way to catch serious problems .
romanian andrei pavel quit his match against frenchman julien benneteau after suffering a recurrence of back trouble that surfaced in last weekend s davis cup tie with france .
rooney wins club world cup for man utd
two americans were injured in the fire , a u . s . state department official said .
good boss problem solving
chris avenir s apparent exhortation to fellow ryerson university engineering students to input solutions to assignment problems on the social networking site raised the ire of a professor .
authorities do not know were they came from , but said they were probably not linked to a terror plot .
hanoi , vietnam cnn a section of a bridge under construction in southern vietnam collapsed wednesday , killing at least workers and injuring others , officials said .
the people who serve them , in turn , want to eat and shop at their convenience .
this is paul harvey .
the government has not made the public feel confident that damage resulting from the deal will be compensated for , he said in an interview with kbs tv sunday .
the south korean government said that the crisis team is working closely with the afghan government and allied countries to seek a solution .
gillmor , the deputy minority whip , was in his th term in the house , representing the th congressional district in the northwest part of the buckeye state .
at the heart of the debate is the decision by president bush to send an extra , us troops to try to restore stability in iraq .
the three ex employees are currently in the united states .
but in a letter to the iraqi representative at the un , ban urged restraint in carrying out death sentences imposed by the us directed iraqi high tribunal .
the parcel bomb had been placed in the luggage rack on the train , which was bound for the southern town of panadura , kilometers miles from colombo , police said .
atomstroiexport hopes to announce a new date for completing the construction in late december , interfax said .
two goals in the space of four second half minutes by roman pavluchenko gave russia a crucial victory over england in moscow , to put qualification from euro group e firmly in their own hands .
a group of hindu nationalists has marched to the indian parliament , in a bid to show their disregard for what they call growing western influence in their country .
i sincerely hope that even at this time when the iranian government is undergoing security council sanctions , that it could engage in dialogue with the international community , he said .
other polls by local media came up with similar results .
police in seoul monday detained prostitutes , pimps and japanese tourists in a crackdown on internet based sex rings .
a police officer at the scene told cnn that the blaze may have started from a kerosene lamp inside one of the homes .
sunday s withdrawal will reduce australia s troop commitment there to the same level as before east timor s president jose ramos horta was shot in february outside his home near the capital , dili , australian prime minister kevin rudd said in a statement saturday .
the researcher was careful to only compare teens who had similar views on religion , birth control and sex in general , regardless of whether or not they took a pledge .
if you re looking for privacy first and foremost , the communal feeling might be off putting .
the coalition said the joint forces were attacked while on patrol in the sangin district of helmand province on sunday .
turkey s military considers itself the ultimate guardian of the secular republic founded by mustafa kemal ataturk and has ousted four governments in the past years .
rocky later told another commander called rambo that he had killed men .
the results , according to some surgeons who have used it , are astonishing .
fake news program the daily show with jon stewart is taking a page from serious news organizations this week with on the scene reports from the war zone in iraq .
members of a marine mammal conservation group who attacked japanese whalers off antarctica , injuring two of them , are terrorists , japan s fisheries agency said .
leterme s christian democrats won over percent of the vote in flanders , up from . percent in .
government plans to establish a global consortium for cloning research .
access for journalists to the tribal areas is restricted and it is impossible to independently verify the casualty figures .
two people were killed at a dormitory about a . m . , while another people were killed about two hours later at norris hall the engineering science and mechanics building university officials said .
many florida democrats have complained they want their votes counted , and clinton has called on the party to seat delegates from florida and michigan which was similarly penalized at the party convention this summer .
fayyad , a political independent , was appointed by palestinian president mahmoud abbas , leader of the fatah movement , and sworn into office last weekend .
she is leading a normal life with no breathing difficulties , said ali , adding that he saw no need for surgery .
the cia believes extremists associated with a pakistani tribal leader are responsible for the assassination of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , according to a u . s . intelligence official .
to make room for the pump inside discovery s crammed cabin , nasa was going to pull out some wrenches , a spare part for the space station s oxygen generator , and a microbe killing device for use in the european space lab .
he said competing in the sydney games and being part of the successful australian team had been his career highlights .
salvatore lo piccolo , sentenced to life in prison for murder and on the run since , was captured in a morning raid on a house in the countryside outside sicily s capital , palermo , police said .
britain s prince harry will not be sent to iraq because of the unacceptable risks , the head of the british army has said .
the south korean defense ministry and joint chiefs of staff told cnn they are trying to confirm reports of the missile launches .
they get paid to think of ideas for new toys , produce them and play with them to see if they re ready to go into production .
by the end of , all of the chain s european based poultry suppliers had eliminated growth promoting antibiotics for use in chicken feed .
the government will seek to promote the welfare of legal foreigners but take strict policy action against illegal aliens , he added .
barboursville , the sole american venture of italy s zonin winemaking family , is a destination on the monticello wine trail , named after jefferson s famous estate , where the third president planted european grapes in a doomed effort to produce wine .
murrow challenged television to do better in his wires and lights in a box speech
no photos were ever shown of that event .

auction company head robert friedman says he feels for homeowners , but if they re in over their heads
with a marked increase in blood testing . mcquaid thinks retesting samples from other races , including the giro and the vuelta , would lead to chaos .
in contrast to many developing countries , indonesia also has plentiful natural resources including petroleum and non petroleum energy resources , rich soils , and closed canopy forest .
the national association of realtors said the pace of existing home sales fell to a . million annual rate in july , against expectations for a rate of . million .
downtown los angeles also was expected to see temperatures climb above .
the court sentenced year old min gyeong woo to three and a half years in prison .
i know there s an ongoing investigation , mccormack said at a regular briefing in washington in a report from the ap . we re working very well with the philippine authorities . . . and we are going to work with them until we are able to get to the bottom of this and get all of those answers for julia s family .
by noon , she calls it a day .
officials said south korea did not want to antagonize the north as it had moved to rejoin six party nuclear talks .
but the film s producers , bennett walsh and rebecca yeldham , said they were surprised by the mahmidzada s comments at the time , adding that they had already spoken with the families of the actors and addressed their concerns about the scene .
russia also places restrictions on travelers with hiv .
he said after the afghan government s refusal to entertain the taliban demand regarding the prisoners swap , the two sides koreans and taliban engaged in ransom talks and the delay in release of the captives was caused because the taliban wanted guarantees and the korean side wanted scaling down of the demanded amount .
industry experts are blaming damage to two undersea cables but it is not known what caused the damage .
the downtown area was sealed off as concrete barriers diverted the normal flow of traffic .
you gotta keep his con even after you take his money .
hong kong cnn the backlash in china against sharon stone continued wednesday as the shanghai international film festival said the american actress was not welcome at this year s event .
but the conservation efforts since bolstered the natural process , resulting in an almost complete cover around the sind valley , wadoo said .
since mid april , at least people have been hospitalized with salmonella saintpaul , an uncommon form of the bacteria .
the procedure that created the bantengs has given conservationists hope that cross species breeding can help reverse the daily disappearance of species and add genetic diversity to dwindling animal populations .
he added that china , which also participated in the beijing talks , supports the denuclearization of the korean peninsula and also maintains the legitimate security concerns of north korea should be resolved .
milk is fortified with iu per ounce serving . some yogurts and cheeses also contain vitamin d , as do breakfast cereals and juices . cookinglight . com
u . s . and egyptian officials said the conference was at the early planning stages and there were obstacles to overcoming including yasser arafat s refusal to reform his security forces and corruption plagued government
senate banking committee chairman chris dodd is brushing aside talk that credit will be more scarce if congress approves the credit card bill that s up for a final vote in the house today .
the academy of motion picture arts and sciences nominated kerr a six times for best actress , but never gave her an academy award until it presented an honorary oscar in for her distinguished career as an artist of impeccable grace and beauty , a dedicated actress whose motion picture career has always stood for perfection , discipline and elegance .
but china s foreign ministry defended the death penalty , saying china limited it to a small number of criminals .
i ask for your forgiveness , hwang told a televised news conference in the capital seoul .
north korea says it will punish the us , after claiming it is conducting spying flights over its territorial waters .
the results of a public opinion poll constitute the remaining percent .
we are very worried by events happening in nigeria , russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin was quoted by ria news agency as saying .
the north claims the u . s . wants to invade the communist country , an accusation washington has repeatedly denied .
we are excited about realizing this monumental opportunity to help bring an american automotive icon back to a path for profitability and long term success , snow said friday in a news release .
the korea times reported that describing the anti communist law as an old relic under the past dictatorial governments , roh cited the need to revise the current criminal law to prevent possible loopholes in national security following the envisaged abolition .
the ministry said that due to a shortage of landing fields available for practice , an offer to land near the middleton house on april was readily accepted .
the company had said in january the apple tv set top box would be available this month .
among the injured are three people in critical condition , officials said .
imus suggested that the controversy is fueled by people who are out to get him .
to provide food , clothing and shelter , and fulfill the aspirations of the great people of my country who deserve a better future than they have had in the past .
russia , meanwhile , said the missed deadline was due to failure by the us to resolve a financial dispute .
the six began working at the hospital in the city of benghazi in and were arrested the next year after more ththe prosecution insists that the six infected the children intentionally in experiments to find a cure for aids .
he didn t have any idea how the alcohol had affected him , the pains . . . that he blacked out , that he was in shock , the vomiting .
korea express will agree to take over the libyan waterway project .
environmental activist dicaprio s documentary the th hour opens in theaters on friday , and although the film starts with a bleak outlook on issues like global warming , much of the roughly minute movie suggests ways to heal the environment with human , government and corporate action .
melting ice and snow is swelling rivers and streams in the great lakes area , prompting flood watches and warnings today .
president roh moo hyun is expected to replace four ministers as early as this week including justice minister kim sung ho who has offered to resign amid rising speculation that he and the president do not see eye to eye .
he began acting at a local theater as a child .
a tam jet pulled out of an attempted landing thursday at sao paulo s congonhas airport , and federal prosecutors sought a court order to shut down the entire airport brazil s busiest until the investigation into this week s crash that killed at least people was completed .
the party financing investigation is the most potent of a string of potential legal problems the year old chirac faces now that he no longer has presidential immunity .
they would be willing also to seize this opportunity that we have to progress this nation together , in a united front .
the scientists found pieces of wood , remains of pots , fossil bones and what appeared like construction material just off the coast of surat in western india .
it s the third year that the volga river region , about miles east of moscow , has held the contest .
the legal giant was designated an honest tax payer in march last year , a privilege that is supposed to suspend periodic tax investigations for the next two years .
it says iraq s children are caught up in a rapidly worsening humanitarian tragedy .
eli pariser , executive director of moveon . org , reacted quickly to bush s comments .
hamas said it knew nothing about the soldier , but urged any captors to keep him alive and treat him well .
tokyo electric power company said the small amount of radioactive material that leaked into the sea posed no environmental risk .
the year old , who said he was getting his inspiration these days from prophets from the bible , added that he did not expect to be back in london performing for some time after the visit .
harry reid , the democratic leader of the senate , said bush s speech was recycled tired rhetoric , and that the president had once again missed an opportunity to lay out a real strategy for success in iraq that will bring our troops safely home . president george w bush has said he will not accept anything less than complete victory in iraq .
plays queenie , the adoptive mother of brad pitt s character , benjamin button .
oil prices were up in early trading ahead of the a . m . et report on u . s . fuel inventories .
and unlike ads in newspapers or on television and radio , the sources of internet attack ads like the clinton youtube spot can remain anonymous .
burma s military rulers are no closer to accepting democratic reform , the us envoy to the united nations has said .
the simple life star will be housed in the special needs unit of the year old jail , separate from most of its , inmates .
according to an online survey of , tourists from the united states , japan , china , the united kingdom and six other nations , south korea ranked th among asian nations in the category of the most favored places to travel in the near future .
in london , the british government said it would provide million pounds million over five years to help million of zimbabwe s poorest people .
at least people were killed when a wave several meters high hit the area .
earlier , pakistan s supreme court cleared the way for another five year presidential term for general pervez musharraf .
secretary of state condoleezza rice to pyongyang for discussions on the deepening dispute over its nuclear weapons programs .
to settle the unbalanced employment market problem , it is desirable for large enterprises to expand their recruitment from the standpoint of investing in future manpower and contributing to social responsibility .
my wife and i had left a maine winter behind to complete a long unfinished mission .
i was going to try to give back to people who didn t have any hair .
adam says when the announcement was made , he wasn t really sure whether nick or he was going on to the finals
singing stevie wonder played at the white house , and president barack obama presented him with the library of congress gershwin prize for popular songs .
the dow jones industrial s now down points , a little better than .
verjee , who was unhurt in the incident , was hit while filming a standoff between opposition protesters and police lines at uhuru park in the kenyan capital , nairobi , where the opposition had planned a protest march .
you know , what we need is better , smarter , tougher regulations .
dating used to be largely a matter of spending time with a love interest , discovering the good , the bad and the ugly in person .
the united states is taking formal legal action after months of urging china to crack down on pirated copies of u . s . films , music and software brought little consequence , the officials said .
although iran has said captives admitted to trespassing into iranian territorial waters , britain and iraq say the crew were legally in iraqi waters .
the opposition labor party has criticized howard s refusal to sign the emissions limiting kyoto agreement .
henman said he expected to retain a close connection with the sport .
still , the suicide bombers are succeeding , targeting political parties , rallies , military installations and anyone seen as a threat .
british prime minister tony blair and irish prime minister bertie ahern attended the swearing in ceremony at stormont , home to the northern ireland assembly , near belfast .
another group of rested quietly without their partners .
washington wants to deploy interceptor rockets in poland and a radar base in the czech republic to counter what it describes as a potential threat from rogue states such as iran and north korea .
but pipi doesn t bark .
in an attempt to improve bilateral relations between japan and north korea , koizumi has already spoken with u . s .
officials said saturday afternoon that although the fires grew some during the day , fire lines were established .
the jury of six women and five men returned joint verdicts of unlawful killing through grossly negligent driving or gross negligence manslaughter , by majorities of nine to two .
former seoul mayor , year old lee myung bak monday won the main opposition grand national party s gnp nomination to compete in the dec .
gutierrez , who was governor from to , was accused of conspiring with shinohara and yingling to use government employees and , in government materials on his two story ranchhouse .
washington cnn amtrak passengers will be subjected to random screening of their carry on bags as part of a new security initiative that will include armed officers and bomb sniffing dogs patrolling platforms and trains , an amtrak spokeswoman said monday .
production of a prototype aeroscraft ml has begun , with a test flight planned for .
he has been held at guantanamo bay , cuba , for more than five years without trial .
the national archives on wednesday released more than , pages of clinton s schedule when she was first lady .
within hours his canoe s paddle was recovered by police near the area where he was thought to have disappeared .
japan s first openly lesbian politician hopes running for parliament will raise awareness of gay rights in a society so conservative that many prefer to stay in the closet .
he doesn t demand attention , he commands it .
there are also concerns in asia , with human rights watch posting reports in january alleging violations by maoist forces in nepal and an offshoot of the tamil tigers rebel group in sri lanka .
google inc . has been successful in encouraging developers to make add ons for google s maps and other popular services .
ken richey , who once came within an hour of being executed , walked free for the first time since he was convicted of setting an apartment fire that killed the toddler in .
deputy national security adviser jim jeffrey suggested that the incident was caused by perhaps a translation error .
initially , i had grown my hair out to donate to locks of love in memory of my mother , who passed away from cancer last year .
the villagers , in guangxi province , reportedly attacked government offices after officials imposed heavy fines on families who had too many children .
in ohio , a state obama lost to sen . hillary clinton by points in march , he s leading mccain to percent .
he suggested using a slip up to adjust your course and find out what you need to do differently .
los angeles , california hollywood reporter an online leak about the primetime emmy award finalists in the comedy and drama series categories raised questions monday about the security and future of the emmy voting process .
he was facing anti terrorism charges .
sen . hillary clinton will stop telling an emotional story about a uninsured pregnant woman who died after being denied medical care , clinton s campaign said .
also found were mines , pipe bombs , rocket propelled grenades , mortar tubes and rounds and pounds of homemade explosives .
of the members of the assembly present for the vote , only voted to keep the monarchy .
wen flew out of beijing en route to hunan province on monday night , but had to detour to neighboring hubei province because of the bad weather .
queen elizabeth ii strolled friday through a replica of a fortress built four centuries ago at what would become america s first permanent english settlement , then saw remains of the actual structure .
some say roflcon is the biggest gathering of micro celebrities ever the internet , in person , as one organizer said .
people magazine reported that spears was spotted saturday driving in her white mercedes convertible with her sons , sean preston , , and jayden james , .
blair stands down after a decade that saw labour win a record three general elections , peace come to northern ireland and the british economy enjoying a record sustained boom .
as obama unveiled his economic team , he said there isn t a minute to waste when it comes to rebuilding the economy .
in his comments defending his administration s approach , the president stressed the importance of establishing effective ways to verify whatever north korea says .
at this stage of his career , the two time oscar winner is most interested in going the actor turned director route , citing george clooney , sean penn and ben affleck as examples .
the year old ronaldinho , who is in his fifth campaign with barcelona , is under contract until the end of june .
two months after winning the election , medvedev , , was inaugurated as president wednesday at the kremlin before , invited guests in a ceremony with marching soldiers and military music . he became the third russian president since the collapse of the soviet union in .
china has unveiled plans for the largest water diversion in its history and possibly one of the world s most expensive at . billion .
but this week , we dedicate the first part of our show to the people who did not survive
it totals more than trillion dollars
the dow up points in the first half hour .
nedogon and others left the cave , said to be near the village of nikolskoye , about kilometers miles from the russian capital , about a week ago , after part of its ceiling collapsed .
police released sketches of the two suspects on tuesday .
there were four minor landslides in the northern city of baguio , but no reports of casualties .
kate winslet was nominated for her performances in two films .
ri did not explain in detail another suggestion he made , that pyongyang open an account with a u . s . bank for transparency .
the member royal swedish academy of sciences selects the nobel laureates in physics from a list of candidates prepared by a special committee .
streets also were flooded in the capital of quito .
in another sign of lax security , kumar said passengers made it to the pakistani side of atari without passports .
i wished them a lot of happiness , he said .
people usually turn to him in times of crisis , even though strictly speaking his powers are limited as a constitutional monarch .
syria and saudi arabia agreed to attend in the final days leading up to tuesday s conference , after a push from the arab league , which agreed to participate following a meeting on friday .
the bush administration has supplied the lebanese army with ammunition , body armor and night vision goggles during its three month battle with fatah al islam militants .
lohan , who spent time at a rehabilitation center earlier this year , was driven in another car to a hospital for treatment of minor injuries , mccann said .
the satellite , known as selene selenological and engineering explorer and nicknamed kaguya , was launched from tanegashima space center on september .
abdul mahdi will be part of a new interim government that formally takes over iraq s sovereignty from the united states june th .
in the united kingdom , germany and the netherlands , synovate said , chinese goods were more highly regarded than korean .
the day gathering wrapped up today amid the realization that the depth of the crisis is still unknown , and the solution remains elusive .
captain paul watson has notified the australian federal police that he would like to see kidnapping charges brought against the japanese whalers , the statement said .
braxton is a six time grammy winner for songs including un break my heart .
the retail industry , obviously , heading into the fourth quarter , which is the most significant quarter for the retail industry , are alarmed by these numbers
her boyfriend came unglued . threw me out of his house broke up with me it was awlful he hit me and my mother , she said .
former president kim dae jung will leave for japan on october th to receive an honorary doctorate of law from ritsumeikan university in kyoto on october th where he will give a lecture .
the russian rescue service said of its experts were working in the black sea along with personnel from the russian navy s black sea fleet , who were focusing on the fuel cleanup .
and if the clinton stay at home vote is predominantly female , that will hurt the party everywhere , he added .
the male victim was also given an increased sentence of lashes and six months in prison , al lahim said .
in the future , he plans to seek more unaffiliated winners in the election .
you can walk in and ask about sexual functions .
earlier sunday , militants armed with guns and grenades attacked a group of pilgrims in southern baghdad , killing three people and wounding more than others , officials said .
florent malouda and franck ribery posed early threats before david trezeguet wasted a good chance .
the report concludes that the dallas based buyout fund lobbied government officials and keb s former management to understate the bank s financial health to buy it at a reduced price .
a remarkable reversal of fortunes saw sunderland promoted as champions in keane s first season in charge and they retained their premier league status for the current season by finishing th .
police officials declined to comment except to say they would issue a statement later in the day .
in small towns , where you don t have the volume , there s no way you can afford to pay for the replacements for these old pumps , colville said . it s just not economically feasible .
coalition forces captured militants who are believed to be members of the secret cell terrorist network known for facilitating the transport of weapons and explosively formed penetrators , or efps , from iran to iraq , as well as bringing militants from iraq to iran for terrorist training , the military said .
chung also sought a lenient punishment through his written statement , saying he would improve the management system and make the company one of top five automakers in the world if the court gives him a chance .
thirty vehicles overran the base , and au soldiers were missing and seven seriously injured .
the tourists who died were three swiss women , one swiss man , a british man and a year old german boy , police lt . col . pichan kanayasiri said .
the downpours caused a small mudslide on the edge of the airfield at congonhas airport that spilled over onto a highway that provides access to the terminal .
in particular , bacteria that live in the gastrointestinal systems of animals and develop an immunity to the drugs can sicken humans if they make it into the food chain in one form or another .
the other two suspects one of them named karamullah are still at large , he said .
it s where social networking , in the form of the incredibly successful cyworld , has been abuzz since predating both facebook and myspace .
the attack follows the killing of another defense lawyer last month .
butchers and supermarkets were among the first hit .
but his afghan driver was beheaded in front of him before his release and his translator was later beheaded when the afghan government refused to free more taliban .
disgraced cloning scientist hwang woo suk and his team are seeking to prove that they did clone human embryonic stem cells .
for weeks , tv stations have broadcast images of military trucks rumbling along the remote border , and trains transferring tanks and guns to bolster an already formidable force in the area .
however , the agency said full confirmation results which would show whether this outbreak involved the far more contagious h n strain were still being awaited .
damage in each country because of tsunami .
it could set the stage for a ministerial level meeting in april that will include the group of eight the u . s . , japan , germany , france , britain , italy , canada and russia and iraq s neighbors syria , iran , jordan , saudi arabia , kuwait and turkey .
kao said the next round will focus on financial cooperation .
she wore palm tree shaped earrings , a gold and black speckled visor and a t shirt promoting the annual weekend event celebrating art deco , which was scheduled this year for january .
the slain and missing u . s . soldiers all men were from fort drum in new york , and all have been identified as members of the th mountain division s second brigade .
the counts include hostage taking and other terrorism charges .
but how do you find a child friendly er and what are other ways to prepare for a trip to the er with your child ?
seoul has received no report of injuries of the men . two south korean aid workers were set free tuesday , the day after being detained by a shiite group in southern iraq .
zardari said dictatorship feeds extremism and went on to accuse the united states of supporting dictators .
dow off points , down . , nasdaq off , or nearly .
the unemployment line is getting longer !
woman arrested for killing virtual reality husband
vick s lawyers have indicated they will fight the state charges on the grounds he can t be convicted twice of the same crime .
south korea will intensify screening of north korean defectors at its diplomatic missions abroad to thwart criminals entry and false defections , the ministry of unification said thursday .
diplomats have previously indicated that the us may be willing to offer north korea a security guarantee if it halts nuclear plans .
tokyo , japan cnn at first glance , the man and woman at the nightclub look like any other couple on a date .
i always knew someday you d come walking back through my door .
lee cited the korea u . s . free trade agreement fta and the vwp as two powerful means to reinforce the nations bilateral alliance .
the sheriff said evidence suggests the plane hit the ground at about mph .
this is paul harvey .
that s so cool , jeri mccarthy told her three daughters as bernas drew a red , blue and yellow picture on the screen .
the defendants all maintained their innocence the four month trial ended in june .
coelho has been under fire for the team s embarrassing performance in recent months , and pressure on him to resign has grown .
the fate of hollywood s biggest night , the february oscars , remains uncertain .
mourinho was the overwhelming fans choice to take charge and his decision to reject the job leaves the fa with four other top candidates .
although the incident brings further attention to the touchy issue of the acceptance of gay men in the military , human rights advocates and gay lobby groups have long criticized korean military authorities for their blurry stance on the issue .
law presented a lifetime achievement award to michael caine at a tuesday night ceremony organized by gq magazine .
katanga spoke in french but said his preferred language is lingala , one of the national languages in congo .
nothing of this will happen .
deron williams led utah with points and assists despite a weekend bout with a stomach virus .
is it time it s the europeans suggest for a wholesale rewrite of the financial rules of the road ?
the raid violates a convention obligating governments to protect u . n . staff and property , a pact somalia s transitional government agreed to in , ban s office said .
most analysts believe microsoft wants yahoo badly enough to attempt a hostile takeover , a risky process that would probably include a mudslinging campaign to replace yahoo s directors with board members more receptive to a deal .
but bush said tuesday he saw the latest estimate on iran as a warning signal .
clement will team up with michael llodra in the doubles while richard gasquet and paul henri mathieu play the singles .
navy vessels and an air force plane were searching for more survivors .
ma has portrayed himself as the mr . clean of taiwanese politics , leading the opposition s criticisms of president chen shui bian over a series of alleged corruption scandals involving the president s family and inner circle .
a house with a history of slavery . in fact , the legacy of american presidents owning slaves goes all the way back to george washington .
bit cpu under the hood
despite the journal s prestige and tremendous clout in the business world , dow jones remains a relatively small company compared with large media operators such as murdoch s news corp . reuters group and bloomberg have made huge inroads in the business of providing real time financial news and information to investors .
vice president dick cheney s plan visit to seoul in mid april is stirring up some new questions on korea u . s . relations , as the tentative date for the trip overlaps with the nation s general elections .
big wall street firms with which it deals directly in financial markets
edt , fossett was over argentina moving toward the atlantic ocean .
beginning sometime in the first three months of , the two newspapers will provide home delivery on thursdays , fridays and sundays only , hunke said during a news conference in detroit , michigan .
putin has in the past threatened to freeze his country s compliance with the treaty , accusing the united states and its nato partners of undermining regional stability with u . s . plans for a missile defense system in former soviet bloc countries in eastern europe
since the u . s . trade embargo was imposed more than years ago as part of president kennedy s stand against the communist government , americans have been banned from buying cigars from cuba .
lebanese troops fired their guns into the air to disperse protesters in the suburb of shiah , and one of the bullets struck ahmed hamzah , who later died in a hospital , a spokesman for the opposition movement amal told cnn .
his lawyers say he is suffering from depression and ill health because of the conditions of his incarceration .
north korea has sought strategies to disregard south korea for direct negotiations with the u . s . on nuclear issues .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved this material may not be published . rewritten or redistributed .
i am very thankful to british prime minister gordon brown that when i made this request he accepted that , musharraf said in a nationally televised address .
we were keeping resistance so that the procession could not pass through . . . and establish a right that they don t have , a young greek orthodox monk with a cut next to his left eye told the ap .
in an interview with cnn , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon leaned toward the united states position , stressing that bali negotiations have to be based on realistic and practical assessment .
japan s kyodo news agency reported that akagi claimed millions of yen in expenses for an office based at his parents home registered to a political group supporting him .
jerusalem ap israel s army received approval monday to broaden its ground operations against gaza militants who have been barraging israeli border towns with deadly rocket fire , but no large scale incursion is in the works , military officials said .
it has been posted on several web sites , including google video and youtube .
by making it difficult for the animals to bite and catch prey , the tumors usually lead to their death from starvation within six months .
i m going to try to graduate before i do anything else , she says of taking on another tv series or future film roles after zoey ends .
flames are swarming near the birthplace of the olympic games in ancient olympia . one fire official says there are signs of optimism in that fight .
it says flexibility will be the key to filling unused space , which means that as well as mobile work stations , we ll be seeing mobile meeting rooms .
if the dialogue is proper , then we might be able to end the pain , and ending the pain may be good for both .
eleven demonstrators and soldiers were hurt , according to the official account .
jane fonda , activist , author and exercise guru , will be back on broadway in after an absence of more than four decades .
arsenal manager arsene wenger believe his side s draw to be the most difficult of the quarterfinal matchups .
forecasters predicted dry , clear weather with no wind in bangladesh for the next two days , good news for search and rescue teams looking for casualties .
i m mark smith , live at the white house .
the school teacher has been accused of blasphemy and is being held by police in khartoum , kirsty saunders , british foreign office spokeswoman told cnn .
blazers sold several books , cds and a texas instruments calculator a t loaded with games .
witnesses reported seeing the plane hit a flock of birds , brown said .
so my name is a footnote in american legal history , which i m perversely kind of proud of , carlin said . in the context of that era , it was daring .
in schools , teachers tell students americans are two legged wolves and the united states is a hotbed of all evils swarming with beggars .
police said a large amount of evidence seized during the january raids in birmingham that must be analyzed and additional questions asked of those still in custody .
they eventually married and grew old together . it turns out the story of herman and roma rosenblat isn t true .
the whole building just collapsed on everybody , said chase baldwin , a student at the school . a bunch of people were trapped under cinder blocks , and people had their heads cut open .
now the weak transitional government and its ethiopian allies are battling an iraq style islamic insurgency .
don t you see how the dollar has been in free fall without a parachute ? chavez said , calling the euro a better option .
anonymous cybercafes are popular because they allow people to evade tough content laws , whose infringement on a personal homepage or message board authorities are likely to track to its source .
the six countries the two koreas , the united states , japan , russia and the host china will also hold a two day working group meeting involving lower level officials from june to lay the groundwork for the plenary session .
it is crunch time as campaigns offer everything from babysitting services to snow shovels to help supporters get to the caucuses .
but a north korean spokesman , jong song il , said six party talks cannot happen .
possible bulletin board material for the gators and tebow , a former heisman trophy winner .
the korean ballistic and guided missile defense system would take a basic form compared to the u . s .
we need pro growth , and pro job economic policies , not pro government spending programs paid for with higher taxes .
the movie was screened saturday in the yara movie theater in central havana as part of the th international festival of the new latin american cinema .
the answer will appear online after the last opus runs next month , lago said .
urging his fellow americans to lend a helping hand , roosevelt had the bible opened to i corinthians
her death adds to a growing list of men and women who have been accused of sorcery and then tortured or killed in the south pacific island nation , where traditional beliefs hold sway in many regions .
it is a global issue that irritates intelligence agencies of the world , according an nis official who participated at the press conference held at the head office of the ministry in central seoul .
they are demanding the court issue an immediate injunction to freeze the aforementioned governmental decision pending its hearing of the petition .
cnn fifteen camels , several llamas and a potbellied pig broke out of a circus near amsterdam on monday .
the yongsan base relocation is a key part of u . s . plan to reorganize its , troops based in south korea .
the program is three years old .
the rocket was launched from japan s yoshinobu launch complex at the tanegashima space center .
i have not seen any evidence that she is better equipped to handle a crisis .
they started knocking on the glass , begging us to let them in .
chirac did not endorse sarkozy until last month .
the weak debut for grindhouse was a blow to the weinstein co . , formed two years ago by brothers harvey and bob weinstein after they departed their old outfit , disney owned miramax .
the industry body said eu targets were arbitrary and would lead to job cuts and relocation of production abroad .
five people were aboard the seahawk when it went down overnight .
jewelry , computers and other valuables are locked away in a vault .
the network identified the donor only as lisa .
around age , he wants men to be screened for colon and prostate cancer , in addition to regular blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar tests .
a total of rebels , troops , and three village guards were killed , the turkish military said .
the joong ang ilbo reports human rights became a watchword among law enforcement agencies yesterday as the supreme public prosecutors office and the police both announced that they would focus on protecting citizens rights .
the newspaper said the team increased security for its three game series against the tampa bay rays .
ms suu kyi s national league for democracy easily won elections in , but these were annulled by the junta .
they and he blamed the bank of america for cutting off credit to struggling republic windows and doors .
there s a bill whitten designed militaristic red coat with gold rope that belonged to michael jackson , and a contract detailing his million purchase of the california ranch that became the infamous neverland .
bush is dropping by the state department this morning , but tonight s speech in the east room is planned as the last public event of his presidency .
he added the options while those cables are repaired were re routing traffic around the globe or using an older undamaged cable that has less capacity both of which would cause usage delays .
officials estimated hundreds of thousands of people were taking part in the two rallies with around , police and security force members working through pouring rain to keep the peace between the rival crowds .
zahara jolie pitt , , is in third place
known for her stylish outfits and haircut
although the cult members have been exchanging letters with kuznetsov , they are mistrustful of his intervention because they believe he is acting under the influence of the russian government , guseynov said .
rollins said the child s mother , johni michelle heuser , told investigators she had found the baby dead in its crib and put the body in the attic of her home .
the cars , packed with fuel and nails , could have killed hundreds if they had been set off .
tata , which is in talks with ford over a buyout of jaguar , expects the car to sell domestically for the first two to three years and says that it is still exploring exporting options .
language experts say the smiley face and other emotional icons , known as emoticons , have given people a concise way in e mail and other electronic messages of expressing sentiments that otherwise would be difficult to detect .
the government warned the general public about the cyclone and storm through newspapers , radio and television since th of april , he said .
he says the crude oil price crash and decline in demand in the u . s . have combined to drop the price at the pump .
realizing he was gay at an early age , zhang like many gay men in china married a woman because of family and social pressure .
we must put maintaining social harmony and stability on the top of our agenda , said shi zongyuan , a provincial party chief , according to the xinhua news agency .
elbaradei has called for less emphasis on additional un sanctions against iran in favor of enhanced cooperation between the iaea and tehran .
a democratic turkey demonstrating disapproval of a military threat last month to intervene in the presidential elections in order to safeguard secularism .
the group officially disbanded in , then they reunited in for a comeback tour featuring henley , glenn frey , joe walsh , timothy schmit and don felder .
sharif who leads the opposition party pakistan muslim league said he has been talking to bhutto trying to find common ground in uniting the opposition to musharraf s government .
it could lead to psychosis and anti social behavior and depression .
a south korean train will be traveling to the north korean side on the gyeongui line and a north korean train to the south korean side on the donghae line , each train carrying a delegation of people from both koreas .
the funds , which have been frozen in a macau bank , were expected to be released wednesday or thursday , he added .
he has made being prince of wales a pretty good thing .
in talking about the new movie in a conference room at npr s midtown manhattan studios , washington is garrulous actually , almost giddy .
he hopes to end the gaza israel violence , which threatens a broader attempt to negotiate a peace agreement with the palestinian leadership in the west bank .
sarkozy did not provide details of any additional deployment , which he said would depend on nato s support for a broader development strategy for afghanistan .
it was the second straight week sorenstam had a chance to win , and both times she lost with a final round .
we believe the amended terms are fair to all sides and reflect the value and risks of the bear stearns franchise , dimon said in a statement , and bring more certainty for our respective shareholders , clients , and the marketplace .
a swollen river in the provincial capital , ilagan , engulfed at least houses , whose residents fled to safety late sunday , officials said , adding that most of isabela had no power .
correspondents say his admission comes amid growing concern in washington about the activities of communist chinese spies .
the death toll was expected to rise .
the boy told police officials that he killed his mother but it was not immediately clear if the head was the mother s , according to watanabe .
hanso devi moved to new delhi from rajasthan with just one hope
the saudis are the world s largest oil exporters and hold the largest estimated reserves .
the government is considering measures to more aggressively counter japan s provocative movements , including one to allow more south koreans to visit the tokto islets in the east sea , government sources said sunday .
according to local media estimates , to people have been killed since ethiopian troops launched reprisals after the body of one their soldiers was dragged through the streets by an angry mob thursday .
this would guarantee even more widespread adoption .
yes , i trust him , bush said about putin , who stood alongside him on the lawn of the estate that overlooks the rocky atlantic coast . do i like everything he says ?
nike stepped in , with expensive advertising and promotion .
british prime minister gordon brown on wednesday urged the international community to speak out .
the year old is expected to sign a four year contract with the catalan club for an estimated million euros . million .
prime minister nuri al maliki condemned the attack and blamed the blast on saddamists and other extremists intent on stoking sectarian violence .
the incident is now being investigated by the bbc as well as uk media watchdog ofcom .
the year old model actress beat out the likes of angelina jolie no . , rihanna no . , kim kardashian no . , paris hilton no . and last year s champion , jessica alba no . .
the april presidential elections would lead to nigeria s first civilian to civilian transfer of power since independence from britain in .
about , people marched to thaksin s office waving thai flags and shouting anti government slogans .
but few field operations will be demonstrated .
caught between two rival candidates locked in a bitter fight , grand national party chairman kang jae sup unveiled his amended guidelines for the party s presidential primary yesterday , a compromise that earned the immediate ire of presidential hopeful park geun hye , while her opponent , lee myung bak , said he would accept the changes .
sculptor creates treehouse like tent
jorge posada was in the cleanup spot .
moais pronounced moe eyes already face a host of natural enemies .
cnn also learned wednesday that in cho was declared mentally ill by a virginia special justice , who declared he was an imminent danger to himself , a court document states .
river road is closed in both directions
even though the mrl will be able to haul five times as much equipment as the spirit and opportunity rovers that are already on mars , a group of swedish researchers say that they could accomplish far more if accompanied by a squad of helper bots .
the company also said it is in talks with as many as major retailers and other companies to distribute the phones , including convenience stores , gas station chains and big retail chains .
congress would be asked to fund the bulk of the trust , which would be set up through a quasi governmental group such as the national fish and wildlife foundation . additional money could come from states , corporations or nonprofit groups , the officials said .
following sunday s puerto rico primary , obama picked up two more superdelegate nods , and clinton received one .
prosecutors seized computers , boxes of documents , and election and accountant records at kang s office in the southeastern city .
the woman accused iraqi security officers in the adil sunni district in western baghdad of raping her february .
german officials say these bombs , if produced according to the instructions , would work and could be potentially devastating .
the official appeared to pour cold water on the calls for new elections , telling cnn the three to six months timeline that odinga is proposing is impractical .
american cigarettes , particularly marlboros , have been the main target of a boycott of u . s . made products organized several months ago by palestinian activists .
thomson reuters estimated the u . s . s october sales could be the worst monthly statistics in years .
we took a rat heart and used soap to wash out the cells of the heart , said doris taylor , director of the center for cardiovascular repair , medtronic bakken professor of medicine and physiology and lead author of the study . the process is called decelluarization .
jeffs is accused of being an accomplice to rape .
new delhi , india within sight of delhi s gleaming new metro train , nawal kishore slips the body of a baby into the waters of the yamuna , one of the world s filthiest rivers .
as the legality of such a move is in question , families of many collaborators are expected to file lawsuits against the confiscation decisions , which would delay the seizure .
for the last few years , the ratio of cremations among total funerals has greatly increased , as the nation has been getting short of land for burial and it has become more difficult for bereaved families to take care of tombs that are usually placed on mountains far from their residence .
zawahri , wearing a white turban with a machine gun at his side , spoke to camera for several minutes in the tape , broadcast two days before the third anniversary of the sept .
this was made safe , they said , adding that counter terrorism officers were investigating . a police spokesman confirmed the device was a bomb .
reacting to claims by german carmakers that mandatory limits would cripple them and force them to shed european jobs and lose business to foreign rivals , he said this doom scenario was a myth .
the korea times reported this morning that a u . s . expert has said north korea is unlikely to implement the second phase of the landmark feb .
how can a democrat share power with a dictator ?
researchers have been excavating the site since , and have found a necklace made of teeth of the arctic fox and a carving of a bison made from mammoth ivory .
the commander of ninevah military operations informed me that iraqi troops captured abu hamza al muhajir the leader of al qaeda in iraq , al askari told the associated press by telephone .
traffickers used voodoo to gain a hold over children before smuggling them abroad in a racket which exploited the asylum system , police say .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang has said that the olympic games should not be politicized .
he was .
the students involved in the video have been identified and will be suspended , fourie said , and charges against the men will be filed with the south african police service .
washington cnn the government announced an th hour recall wednesday to warn consumers that fake halloween teeth sold by the tens of thousands since last year contain excessive amounts of lead .
what about pet accidents ?
the demonstrators chanted one person one vote , the only way to go and universal suffrage in as they marched to government headquarters .
for most of us , when we try to figure out what our names mean , we have to look it up in a babies book and . . . there s no direct link between the meaning and the name , pat wheaton told tv one on wednesday .
all had pleaded not guilty during the four month trial .
by saturday afternoon , the official death toll from the quake had risen to , , xinhua said . another , people were injured and , are still missing .
but the top priority , byrne said , is making steep and rugged mount alyeska less daunting for novices .
as if she wasn t ubiquitous enough , britney spears music will be available this summer on a new type of disc for small handheld players .
officials say it will dispense loans for projects from road building to anti poverty programs and regional integration plans such as cross border rail lines .
the year old from britain , f s first black driver , was jeered and insulted when he moved between the mclaren motorhome and the team s garage .
lee of the main opposition grand national party is poised to win the dec . vote , with his approval rating having surged several percentage points to well over percent after prosecutors cleared him of allegations of involvement in a major financial fraud .
is north korea becoming a new football force ?
cnn sen . larry craig said that he overreacted and made a poor decision in pleading guilty to disorderly conduct after his june arrest following an incident in a minneapolis airport bathroom .
can t decide between blue , red , orange , green , white or chocolate frosting ?
on internet safety , myspace chief security officer hemanshu nigam said in a written statement . this is an industrywide challenge , and we must all work together to create a safer internet .
washington cnn iran halted work toward a nuclear weapon under international scrutiny in and is unlikely to be able to produce enough enriched uranium for a bomb until to , a u . s . intelligence report says .
though it will expand , this month the game is scheduled to launch in just three cities tokyo , osaka , and nagoya , is offered only in japanese , and is available through just one carrier , kddi .
i don t see that the nie changes the course that we re on , rice told reporters , as she flew to belgium for talks that will include discussions with former cold war foe russia , which , along with china , has resisted new iran sanctions .
the event came during a weekend of celebrations to mark years since the territory returned to chinese rule .
small arms fire erupted as a military band played the afghan national anthem and as soldiers fired a gun salute with artillery rounds .
a jury heard that khan intended to behead the soldier like a pig and release footage of the killing on the internet , the british press association reported .
cuba said the resolution against it was the work of the united states .
the average new car price is now almost , .
the draft national intelligence estimate is expected to paint an increasingly worrisome portrait of al qaeda s ability to use its base along the pakistan afghan border to launch and inspire attacks , even as bush administration officials say the u . s . is safer nearly six years into the war on terror .
a stronger open this morning
they took hour old duck and quail embryos from an incubator and drilled small holes in the eggs encasing them .
in eastern afghanistan s ghazni province , u . s . led coalition forces and afghan soldiers killed several militants after armed insurgents attacked the troops early wednesday .
the kbs ssam investigative program on monday aired its report on human rights in sports and sexual assaults showing perpetrators with their reputations and social status remaining intact , and their female victims suffering from long time trauma .
min was slain in geoncheonggung residence , the king and queen s private quarters , along with two other women resembling her .
they planned everything , he said of the attackers .
nathan sawaya s workspace is an explosion of color .
a taliban spokesman said a new deadline had been set to kill the hostages .
he said that while there was currently no national recruitment system , the government was due to meet early this week to discuss whether more regulations were needed .
he will also call on iran to cease its support for terror abroad .
beckham is no stranger to exposure .
i m shocked , i m surprised and really disheartened in the system that i ve worked in for close to years , weitzman said .
doctors have known for years that gum disease and heart disease are linked , but they have yet to reach agreement on the exact reasons behind the connection .
a drive by rally just concluded here in tampa , then onto tennessee , indiana , pennsylvania , new mexico , nevada , all states seen as being in play .
prosecutors issued arrest warrants tuesday for eight former prison employees accused of abusing inmates , including forcing some to clean toilets with their tongues .
every other country in the world that has an automaker presence , is stepping up to help them get through that because they know it s critical to their economy , it s critical to jobs , and it s critical to their national defense .
the cleric s former flight teacher called his disappearance a tragedy foretold .
the release of the video , taken from a pentagon security camera , comes after a freedom of information act request by legal watchdog judicial watch .
but throughout , we hope you ll be able to keep in mind that there is a larger picture here
another lawmaker s driver also was killed , barias said .
the associated press correspondent robert reed in baghdad says the incident is generating some jokes .
sony , which offers bravia lcd tvs , cyber shot digital cameras and vaio pcs , has packed its cutting edge technology such as a blu ray high definition dvd player in the ps , enabling lifelike graphics but driving up its manufacturing costs .
japan appears to be struggling with another outbreak of mad cow disease after officials confirmed a fourth case of the brain wasting disease on a farm in northern japan .
the americans are our worst enemy .
if data speeds hold up as jobs demonstrated more on that later , the new iphone really will put the internet in your pocket .
the two days of meetings in the malaysian capital , kuala lumpur , are expected to be dominated by japanese concerns over the north s bomb making efforts , as well as calls for a fuller explanation over the kidnapping of japanese civilians in the s and s .
separately , a mortar round hit a residential building in central baghdad , killing one person and wounding four others .
the trials are taking take place at the police base on the eastern outskirts of lima where fujimori is being held .
had the train been equipped with fire resistant seats and floor tiles , many said , it probably would not have burst into flames .
mccain responded by calling lewis s remarks shocking and beyond the pale .
current account data from the bank of korea showed that . billion flowed out from the country via travelers and students between january and july , up percent from the year earlier period .
more than two decades old , teen mania estimates it has reached more than million teens with its message of living completely for christ .
asuncion , paraguay cnn paraguay s president nicanor duarte offered congress his resignation monday , two months before his term is slated to end .
mccain overwhelmingly won moderates and conservatives in ohio , but he lost the evangelical vote to mike huckabee , according to exit polls .
bandar was the saudi ambassador to washington for nearly years before he was replaced in .
many governments have looked the other way .
arsonists are thought to have started at least two of the fires .
wimbledon runner up marion bartoli is the first alternate .
he has the luxury of already having sewn up his party s nomination while the democrats continue to battle .
leif toudal pedersen of the danish national space center told the ap that arctic ice has shrunk to some million square miles .
i heard a big blast that shook the southern suburb , but there was no fire or smoke coming out of the area , said mohammed omar , , who lives in the same area .
lucas told the los angeles times he has just begun work on the series , which will not include the films major characters luke skywalker or darth vader .
the start of the match was delayed for about minutes when rain began falling in the warmup , forcing organizers to close the roof at rod laver arena .
australian swim star hackett quits the pool
tomorrow afternoon , arizona hosts the philadelphia eagles in the nfc title game .
smith s former bodyguard , alexander denk , said on the same show that he , too , could be dannielynn s father , saying he and smith had an off and on relationship for years .
beckham has recently been recalled by england and played a key role in a draw in a friendly with brazil then created two goals in the win in the euro qualifier against estonia last week .
she looks well and she is in very good spirits , he said as the child laughed in the background .
brisbane , australia cnn police say they have charged a man found asleep in a motorized wheelchair on a highway in northern australia with drunk driving .
saad al nuaimi , an awakening council leader in the southern baghdad district of dora , was killed in a drive by shooting on a bridge , an iraqi interior ministry official said .
geffen is quoted extensively by new york times columnist maureen dowd in wednesday s edition disparaging the former president and questioning whether sen . clinton can win the presidency in .
there have been other significant recent successes too .
with a lot of insects , a lot of females eat the male .
festivities got under way early in atlanta with the peachtree road race , which draws about , runners and is the largest k in the nation .
just across the border in saudi arabia , women face employment and social restrictions and aren t even allowed to drive .
the taliban shot to death shim sung min , who was , monday night , following the killing of the leader of the christian aid group , rev .
there are three simple ways that you teach your
the newspaper was noting the th anniversary of the beatles white album .
at galuyev s camp , bella , in the ingushetia region next to chechnya , the population has fallen by a third in recent months to about , amid threats it will soon close .
arsenal went ahead just before halftime as gilberto silva converted from the spot after khalid boulahrouz had pulled back julio baptista to concede the penalty .
the average age of the fighters was to , and the median age was to .
seoul time we killed one of the koreans named sung sin with ak gunshots .
brent crude futures for june rose cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
meanwhile , at least rescue workers have been buried by mud slides during the past three days , a transport ministry official told the official xinhua state news agency .
this was perfect .
the standard poor s index was down . points , or . percent , at , . .
the possibility of an inter korean summit is greater than ever , as roh has expressed his willingness to meet his north korean counterpart anytime , anywhere , kim , nobel peace prize laureate , said in a radio interview .
the taliban spokesman said afghan authorities had asked for more time after the insurgents presented the government
thousands of harry potter fans have signed a petition urging j . k . rowling to keep writing novels about the boy wizard after she admitted she could never say never to more books .
six hoodlums at the center of the revenge accusations against hanwha group chairman kim seung youn appeared in public for the first time yesterday to claim the tycoon was involved in the attacks that followed a bar brawl between the men and his son .
hundreds of people took part in the demonstration , and many remain outside parliament , the sources said .
s atilde o paulo , brazil cnn brazil s air force has suspended its search for a roman catholic priest who vanished after sailing into the air attached to hundreds of balloons . the cleric s family chartered a private plane to continue the hunt .
police said six young protesters pelted a police patrol car with stones , and the teen was shot as he tried to throw a fuel filled bomb at the officers .
if you see me eating on the show , i really eat it , and more often than not i have seconds , bourdain said before ordering a non threatening salad at a french restaurant in manhattan .
north korea had insisted it would only shut its yongbyon nuclear facility if it had access to the funds , stalling a previously negotiated deal .
thaksin , speaking in hong kong , said he would not return to politics after his return to thailand .
a military official told cnn there was no nuclear risk to public safety because the weapons were not armed . officials believe that if the plane had crashed or the missiles somehow had fallen off the wings , the warheads would have remained inert and there would have been no nuclear detonation , though conventional explosive material in the warhead could have detonated .
sarkozy , who met gaddafi in a tent in the compound of his tripoli residence , has said he wants to help libya return to the concert of nations after it freed six foreign medics convicted of infecting hundreds of libyan children with hiv .
their magic is on the wane , but a fresh injection of stardust will restore their youth and vitality .
a culinary education doesn t come cheap .
they were all described as being in stable condition .
despite the rally s size , the chinese cabinet s taiwan affairs office said it proved the u . n . membership campaign was not popular among many taiwanese .
it is d color , or finest white , has flawless clarity , and its cut , polish and symmetry have all been graded excellent , it said .
meanwhile , a thick cloud of smoke rises from the iraqi desert as reports indicate saboteurs have hit iraq s strategic oil pipeline .
he has teamed with reggie bush in an adidas commercial , is the face of motorola , is the face on a playstation game and doesn t need fashion tips as he has his own international clothing line .
keegan took newcastle to promotion back to the top flight in and came close to winning the league title in the season when they famously led manchester united by points before finishing as runners up .
bollywood star priyanka chopra started what was billed as the world s largest ever fireworks display , with more than , pyrotechnic devices .
sharif says he is determined to return to lead a campaign against gen musharraf ahead of elections .
before it gets to the climax , however , body of lies offers a long , elaborate setup involving ingenious computer hackery and a not very believable sting operation that creates a rival for al saleem .
bp officials said it was too early to determine what caused a water pipe leak that led to the second partial shutdown in months of the nation s largest producing oil field .
the mccanns were not aware of the evidence provided by cooper until recently , mitchell said .
witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond shaped , square , or cigar shaped .
airport spokesman jeff green has said actually , at the moment it s not all that bad , at least at the airport .
rowling said she was especially irked that the site s owner and the lexicon s would be publisher , rdr books , continued to insist that her acceptance of free , fan based web sites justified the efforts .
the u . s . military said its ground forces are unaware of civilian deaths in the early morning raid that it said left criminals dead .
previous testimony has said fayed and paul were pronounced dead at the scene , while diana died after emergency surgery in a hospital .
the resolution was proposed by the european union and co sponsored by the united states and japan .
it is the first of the bidders to receive such a visit .
the bomb exploded as they conducted combat operations on wednesday , a statement by the marines said .
this is the first time a bush administration official has mentioned a red line in connection with north korea .
police said those behind the attacks accused the foreigners of stealing jobs , carrying out criminal activities and benefiting from social services such as free housing meant to benefit south africans .
china has accused tibetans of planning suicide attacks to sabotage the summer olympic games as part of their campaign to push for independence .
it will invite contract english language teachers including e e for professors and e for foreign language instructors and f f for ethnic koreans from overseas visa holders those who share many of the same challenges working at public schools , private learning institutes and universities .
others expect to see him sitting in the first lady s box at the state of the union address .
obama picks up second debate win , poll says
over the poor distribution of revenues from the country s vast natural resources to its impoverished citizens .
gypsy lawson , , and her mother , fran ogren , , were convicted of smuggling and conspiracy to smuggle the monkey in violation of the endangered species act and other federal laws .
inspect the product to see whether there are any flaws , like a missing button or a scratch .
from the viewpoint of the intelligence ministry , he is a criminal .
scientists maintain that the robots , which are used to operating at low power levels , are not in danger .
the funds raised through the concerts are used to create awareness of the aids pandemic among young people .
north korea has published no economic statistics in the past several decades and severely limits its citizens travel and contact with the outside world .
earlier monday , in baghdad , a roadside bomb exploded near an iraqi police patrol , killing one officer and wounding another , the interior ministry told cnn .
kingfisher county emergency management director steve loftis says the kingfisher area , just northwest of oklahoma city , is experiencing major flooding .
many nigerians support the strike because they see cheap fuel as one of the few benefits they receive from a government that has failed to deliver constant power , clean water , healthcare or decent schools .
with people going to bed later on sunday and getting up early on monday
a youtube video of upton has drawn a couple million hits and thousands of comments , many of them with harsh remarks for the lexington high school graduate who plans to attend appalachian state university in boone , north carolina .
it has no angkor wat or taj mahal . for many years , it prided itself on its innumerable shopping malls , and promoted its annual singapore sale .
i know that bill will be an unyielding advocate for american business and american jobs , at home and around the world .
these mammoth amusement parks are filled with employment opportunities for the summer job seeker from working the rides to selling souvenirs to wearing a mascot costume .
he was a member of the house committee on financial services , and the ranking republican on the subcommittee on financial institutions and consumer credit .
police and local officials said it was an accident but many residents were unconvinced .
after several calm radio exchanges between the two , and at least one edit on the video , it cuts to a blue speedboat with men in orange vests on board , speeding away from the u . s . warships toward the camera .
thirty six people , including two australian journalists , were wounded .
moving to calm growing concerns here , bush administration ambassador christopher hill stressed yesterday that american forces stationed in korea will not be deployed unilaterally to handle regional conflicts outside the peninsula .
the pre sale estimate was million to million .
the summit is only the second between leaders of the two nations .
chinese actress maggie cheung received the award in with clean , french director olivier assayas film about a woman rebuilding her life .
our white house correspondent mark smith , who s in chicago this morning
cnnvideo play , video showbiz hammer . oscar . nominees . origins . nbc ,
washington cnn the united states is working with the egyptian government to figure out the details of a shooting incident in the suez canal involving a cargo vessel contracted by the u . s . military .
the korea times reports the party replaced kim with choi dong kyu to run in the taebaek yeongweol district , gnp spokeswoman cho yoon seon said tuesday .
my commitment is to do what is required . president bush has indicated that he has the same approach , the same attitude , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois .
venezuela has the largest oil reserves outside the middle east .
the average number of family members decreased to . in from . in and . in .
beijing , china cnn china s worst winter in more than half a century showed no signs of abating wednesday as forecasters warned of three more days of snow and sleet .
the feds latest effort to battle the credit crunches to buy commercial paper for money market mutual funds .
around , african national congress delegates were expected to vote late sunday for their choice to head the party .
the boat was waiting in international waters near the northern mauritanian fishing port of nouadhibou , abdallah said .
france s most drastic measure to curb smoking went into effect wednesday with a full ban on lighting up in cafes , restaurants and discotheques .
when her husband couldn t reach her , he said , he called bellevue police to report his wife missing .
the electric bidet accessory of toto s z series caught fire in three separate incidents between march and march , according to company spokeswoman emi tanaka .
always , there have been winners and losers during such times of change , and the losers did not deserve their fate any more than today s unemployed middle manager does .
seong said north korea s abandonment of nuclear arms programs and peaceful relations between the two koreas were preconditions for implementing the assistance plan .
the ap s rita foley is live in washington to tell us about it
we ve got the latest on the car company s restructuring plan now , live from the ap s rita foley
it ll save me a million bucks , francis said tuesday .
work is a pleasure in tomorrow s office
trezeguet is stop scorer in italy s serie a with goals and is also france s third all time highest scorer with goals .
he expressed his dissatisfaction with the way investigators immediately cleaned the area where bhutto was killed , possibly wiping away key forensic evidence .
some groups say those numbers are too low , since the pentagon doesn t keep track of divorces that happen after someone leaves the service .
quebec held referendums on independence in and , both of which failed .
a house committee wednesday subpoenaed secretary of state condoleezza rice to find out what she knew about the claim that iraq sought uranium from the african country of niger .
all the programs shared common elements , kirby said .
it transports urine via air flow to the pump , which separates the gas and liquid .
davutogulu said the incursion , which has resulted in dozens of militant deaths , was not meant to violate iraqi sovereignty .
andrew mwangura , head of the kenya based east africa seafarers assistance program said monday that the hostage takers have demanded million ransom and threatened to kill all crew if their demands were not met .
the bachelor reality franchise hit the jackpot this season with andy baldwin a real life dr . mcdreamy .
the history making runs by sarah palin and hillary clinton also make the list at numbers and .
rice issued a statement afterward calling the talks useful and productive .
still another said there were no signs of stepped up security by either north korean or chinese armed forces that would ordinarily presage travel by kim .
earlier , the south koreans kidnapped by taliban rebels were reported to be in good health , a taliban spokesman said , adding that any use of force to rescue them would put their lives at risk .
about people escaped the burning wreckage and were taken to hospital .
i am ready to defend them , but so far i have not been allowed to meet them , he told afp news agency .
they told the associated press it did not constitute the kind of large incursion that turkish leaders have been discussing in recent weeks as turkish troops built up their force along the border .
blair told the house of commons in january that an arbitrary timetable for withdrawal would send the most disastrous signal to the people we are fighting in iraq .
the member delegation was greeted by hundreds of supporters on the streets as it entered the city , and a km long banner signed by , bid supporters .
print media firms are likely to be allowed to own broadcasting companies and vice versa , the presidential transition team said tuesday .
the scarcity of mass distribution systems is what has magnified the economic value of networks .
mccain is slated to go to the white house on wednesday to receive the endorsement of president bush , according to two republican sources .
he also landed the leading role in a yank on the burma road , playing a cab driver who decides to lead a convoy of trucks for the chinese government .
police fired on a crowd , killing two people , in the city of khairpur in the sindh province , geo tv reported .
president bush says his economic team is on the job
the taliban are brutal and should not be emboldened by this , the spokesman said .
north korea admitted last september it had kidnapped japanese citizens in the s and s to train its spies in japanese language and culture .
the pact would allow u . s . troops to stay until .
robinho was the creator again as he set up van nistelrooy for a fourth before the break .
the device exploded and probably injured the whale , bockstoce said .
when i had the opportunity to finally plan my own life after i graduated college , purushe explains , i took into consideration where i was going to shop , where my friends live , where my boyfriend lives , and i definitely tried to plan the location of my home around where i was going .
an armored car carrying bhutto approached the breach , where she speaking with a megaphone told several hundred police and security forces
cho was sent to the university s office of judicial affairs , which handled the complaint , the outcome of which is confidential , university officials said .
one of them was found dead , apparently shot by his captors , the other is still being held .
to all of you who are ok , i m happy for that , bush said , quoting the internet posting .
darren will be out for six weeks , said ferguson .
we are a declared nuclear state and we are pursuing our nuclear program for peaceful purposes , said the official , who asked that he not be identified because of the sensitivity of the subject . we are doing it for our national interests .
the prominence of work drives people to work harder , but it also leaves many feeling burnt out and fed up .
fossett , who made millions as a commodities broker in chicago , also completed the , mile iditarod sled dog race , scaled some of the world s best known peaks , sailed and flew around the world , and set more than aviation and distance records .
from subsistence farmers eating rice in ecuador to gourmets feasting on escargot in france , consumers worldwide face rising food prices in what analysts call a perfect storm of conditions .
after kissinger noted mao was improving his offer , the chairman said , we have too many women .
in the united states and internationally
the u . s . has offered north korea incentives to get rid of its nuclear weapons program .
back on planet earth , half a dozen civilians who worked at area have sued the defense department , claiming hazardous waste on the site exposed them to harmful chemicals .
he urged palestinians and people of syria , lebanon , jordan and saudi arabia to quote help and support the mujahadeen brothers in iraq , which is greatest opportunity and the biggest task , mccain said .
by disable , hill said , the agreement means making it difficult to restart a nuclear program by sealing the facility and removing certain components that would not be easy to replace .
some firefighters from seven other prefectures were also dispatched to help , the fire and disaster management agency said .
british science fiction writer sir arthur c clarke has died in sri lanka at the age of .
friday s concert coincides with the th anniversary of london s free mandela concert , held to demand he be freed from prison .
street riots started over the weekend after athens police killed year old alexandros grigoropoulos on saturday .
this may be why turnout was reportedly lower than expected , say observers .
democratic national committee chairman howard dean said the only way his party would lose the general election is if democrats lose to ourselves first because they are not unified .
it s also about the glass of wine that accompanies each course . of course , if you re like many people , you don t know if a riesling is the best match for fresh tilapia or if it s a faux pas that will send the chef into tears .
william hill lowered its odds on wednesday from to in the wake of the astronomical discovery , which was announced tuesday .
in may , the kim family attempted to enter a japanese consulate in shenyang .
two months ago , naqibullah managed to escape from the prison run by the afghan intelligence service in lashkar gah , andiwal said .
obama s already spoken of seeking a second term as president , and it was his surprise iowa caucus victory in january of last year that made him the democratic front runner for his current term .
northern rock , britain s fifth largest mortgage lender , has dogged brown and his government since last september , when rumors of its financial difficulties led retail depositors to line up to withdraw their money in britain s first run on a bank since victorian times .
despite promising fairness in his government appointments , musharraf has named several allies to fill interim posts
our conclusion was that they need to promote themselves better , then specific ideas were presented to them , said professor moon lee , who taught the public relations class . they made suggestions to work with specific groups such as sororities . sorority groups tend to have a very good social network .
philippine ambassador susan castrence said it is bizarre that korea does not allow filipinos the visa even though an increasing number of koreans go to the philippines to study english .
new mexico governor bill richardson said north korean officials had assured him they would invite back un nuclear inspectors as soon as they had access to their money .
about one in two american adults has borderline or high cholesterol levels , which increase one s risk of heart attack and cardiovascular disease .
the blaze started in two adjacent rooms on the fifth floor of the story central government building just after a . m .
the undp reiterated its opposition yesterday to allowing the zaytun unit to remain in iraq .
the korean broadcasting commission announced wednesday that it would not allow the retransmission of terrestrial broadcasts on satellite based mobile television , keeping mobile phone operators from accessing programs from the country s main television stations kbs , mbc and sbs .
you forced me into a corner and gave me only one option .
petraeus said during the hearings monday and tuesday that the u . s . military would be able to pull about , troops from iraq by july .
it is a challenge to stop terrorism , and we are fighting it with full commitment .
thousands of people have visited the moscow church where the body of former russian president boris yeltsin is lying in state to pay their respects .
he says technology is important .
the monash research could lead to the discovery of how the thymus can be stimulated to renew the production of immune system cells .
we came on a bus trip down here , and we booked the bus before obama had won the election , because we were so sure that he would .
british courts have refused to extradite berezovsky to moscow .
he was at the head of cosa nostra in palermo and was attempting to climb to the top of the organization .
martinez was arrested sunday after undergoing additional questioning by police , grebmeier said .
holyfield took tyson s crown in an epic bout in , but it was their second fight a year later that is remembered for all the wrong reasons with tyson disqualified for biting a chunk out of his opponent s ear .
the interior ministry said protesters were detained .
frequently sick , tired , losing weight and scared that you might be hiv positive ? please call aids helpline .
lugi has always admitted firing the shot but in an accidental manner .
rescue trucks sprayed the plane with fire retardant chemicals after it landed , and relieved passengers debarked .
schuster explained that keratin , the hard covering of hair , could protect the dna .
pressure for a breakthrough was high , in part because the united states has said it would be pointless to continue the often inconclusive negotiations without progress .
the oscars will take place february from hollywood s kodak theatre . jon stewart is scheduled to host .
more than other soldiers were wounded in the bombing at the terbella ghazi military base , about miles km northeast of islamabad , the source said .
peer visited shopping areas in doha and ate at a moroccan restaurant with tournament director ayman azmy .
baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi forces fighting oil theft have been working to recruit young men from tribes that long have been aiding the smugglers , the country s oil minister told cnn .
he and others administered first aid to victims until afghan police and military secured the building and evacuated the wounded , he said .
jeh , however , expressed concern that the governing camp could abuse the proposal by branding its opponents as war advocates .
i would like to make a difference , she told barbara walters . god has given me this new chance .
the us backed iraqi government has said that the executions of two senior associates of former leader saddam hussein , will take place some time during the week .
washington cnn a senior al qaeda terrorist who allegedly plotted and carried out attacks against u . s . and coalition forces was killed in pakistan , a knowledgeable western official and a military source told cnn thursday .
stahnke said he had met his son at a bar and doesn t remember much afterward .
meet its goal of selling million of the hybrid ipod cell phone internet surfing gadgets by the end of .
of the million , million will be spent on emergency food aid , million on direct assistance to the u . s . agency for international development and million for development assistance , also through usaid , white house officials said after bush s speech .
calmest part of iraq , and could set a precedent for other countries , like iran , who also have conflicts with kurdish rebels .
harper s announcement comes as the afghan winter draws to a close and canadian soldiers prepare to combat another spring offensive by taliban fighters .
the county fire chief says they re doing all they can to get a handle on this fire .
since then , poisonous ingredients have been found in chinese exports of toys , toothpaste and fish , while the deaths of patients in panama was blamed on improperly labeled chinese chemicals that were mixed into cough syrup .
spain s culture ministry said it thought the statement was suspicious , after odyssey had sought permission to explore spanish waters for the wreck of a british ship , according to the national news agency efe .
chelsea owner roman abramovich has lost his position at the top of football s rich list but david beckham remains the wealthiest player .
news of the acquisition of bear stearns , one of the world s largest and most venerable investment banks , came just before the opening of markets in tokyo and seoul .
several commercial skyscrapers in jakarta were rocked by the quake , some km southeast of the epicenter .
administration from the start , because of his involvement in the planning of the iraq war , with opposition mostly by european countries like france and germany that opposed the u . s . led invasion .
the job requires setting the monthly agenda and running council meetings , but it does not give an ambassador automatic entry into talks exclusive to the most powerful members .
nuclear official mohammad saeed said there was no legal basis for demanding a suspension .
last tuesday , russia tested an rs missile that successfully struck its target , km , miles away .
city officials working for republican mayor michael bloomberg have said such a rally , which could draw , people , could damage lawns in the park .
historians generally agree that at least , civilians were killed , but estimates can run as high as , .
danforth is the co chairman of a republican group opposed to acorn s activities .
minister of tourism nilofar bakhtiar told a parliamentary committee of her fear on saturday following the taliban style edict against her by islamic clerics at lal masjid , or red mosque , in islamabad , the associated press of pakistan reported .
from the brothels of bangkok to the sidewalks of manila , the train stations of moscow to the truck routes of tanzania , the suburbs of new york to the beaches of mexico , the outrageous is commonplace , the report said .
the supreme court has rejected a conservative group s legal fight to air commercials promoting a movie critical of sen . hillary clinton .
he vetoed similar embryonic stem cell legislation last july . interactive past vetoes by bush and other presidents
experts estimate the reactor at yongbyon has produced about kilograms more than pounds of plutonium , which washington believes has been used to make weapons .
la fondation de chambrun , in chateau la grange , lafayette s home miles km east of paris , beat out two other bidders .
of course , few wear out their shoes that fast
even if a child asks for a pony , santa always knows that the parents probably don t have room for a pony , but santa has to make the child feel good about it .
when a company breaks the barriers of a nine to five world , hours at full steam is hardly the only alternative .
if i needed something done , i could go to him and it would get done .
there are so many thousand railway stations and hundreds of trains , it would be impracticable to ensure security at each and every one .
troopers confiscated sticks of dynamite , and also automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades , but the pirates were let go because they had not attacked portuguese people or property .
although the grand national party has been making political hay with its push for tax reductions , the party s lawmakers have been proposing some huge spending increases , according to an examination of pending or proposed legislation by the joongang ilbo .
but a chinese study earlier this year said the kingdom was an integral part of china s history , raising concerns in south korea about whether that view could bring wrangling over borders in the region .
but they have begun to melt as the earth has warmed . the result is more dark sea water which absorbs heat , which in turn warms the earth more and encourages further melting .
i had never thought , in my lifetime , to see anything that would bear even a faint resemblance to the beginning of the great depression , but this crisis does bear some resemblance to that .
a couple more years , he thought , and he would go home and reunite with his son .
he also predicted that obama will use online video and interactivity to revolutionize the way the commander in chief communicates .
beijing has warned the united states as it reacted to criticism over the detention of a hong kong resident accused of smuggling bibles into china .
the stories developed a following on the internet , and she self published the sex chronicles before landing a deal with simon schuster .
what we do here is we sort them out , said katzmarzyk , the head of anthropological examinations for the international commission on missing persons .
iraqis have passed their country s new constitution , according to official results from a referendum dismissed by the opposition but commended by the un .
after that , the items can be claimed by the finder , or else revert to the city .
i was walking directly toward them and he and i were eye to eye , and so i started looking at his right hand to see if he had something , said williams , who works in technology services for turner broadcasting .
china has seriously harmed the identity of south koreans .
under the deal , israel will release five lebanese prisoners , including samir kuntar , who has been serving four life sentences in israel for a attack in which he killed a four year old girl and her father , a government official said .
there s a lot on the president s plate this , his one hundredth day in office .
on the same day , two more individuals were arrested in connection with the scandal .
navy secretary donald winter signed the letters of censure on wednesday , marine officials said .
a goal in the dying minutes of extra time gave south korea an unlikely victory over their highly fancied opponents , italy , sending them into the quarterfinals of the world cup .
those injured are being transported to the nearest hospital , which is at least miles away from the camp .
my dad was so loved by so many people , and his humor and spirit will always live in our hearts .
six elephants escaped from seoul children s grand park .
a senior policeman and at least two other people were also killed in series of attacks in the capital , baghdad .
people who have over , won in overdue debt for more than three months , or at least three cases of being overdue , were categorized as credit delinquents under the old system .
they are poised to make a package deal on those outstanding issues to wrap up the talks by friday or saturday .
today , communist clerks armed with electronic calculators handled u . s . dollars , euros and even south korean won as deftly as a department store clerk in seoul .
hudson told the ap last month that she liked not being treated as a celebrity at home .
he popped enough balloons to set the craft down , although he suffered rope burns .
a year old man identified by scotland yard only as h was detained in australia at the brisbane airport on monday evening while waiting to catch a flight out of the country , according to premier of the state of queensland peter beattie .
french president nicolas sarkozy clinched an accord on defense and signed a memorandum of understanding for a nuclear energy deal when he visited tripoli last week , after helping to free foreign medics imprisoned in libya .
a new study indicates the country can expect a terrorist attack using nuclear or biological weapons before .
the fact that the latest round of talks has gone on so long has raised hopes of some kind of progress .
clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has said she needs to win both states to continue her campaign , a view shared by many analysts .
hammon recently gave cnn a deeply disturbing account of her life inside the polygamous sect whose leader , warren jeffs , goes on trial this week in utah .
kevin chesney s don t blink
criminal law is a very tight corset , he told swiss tv sf , adding that the question if prosecution had been under political pressure needed to be resolved .
mcclinton , described as a key player in the alleged theft , turned himself in tuesday evening , a source close to the investigation told cnn .
in louisiana you re losing jobs a day , what s the governor doing about that ?
one from canada to mexico and another from san diego to jacksonville beach , florida .
thus , to the south koreans , it appears there has been no sincere apology and reflection .
the revised numbers show the jobless situation was worse than first thought in december and january .
it was drifting west northwest at near mph and was clinging to tropical storm status with maximum sustained winds near mph kmh and higher gusts , forecasters said .
in an interview broadcast sunday with abc s this week , pelosi noted that the resolution would make the u . s . the th country to label the killings a genocide .
to me , that s one of the best parts about it , said melroy , a retired air force colonel who will be only the second woman to command a space shuttle flight .
general sir richard dannatt said the prince s deployment would pose a threat to him and those serving alongside him .
a young man killed himself was found near the world trade center once stood .
montreal , canada cnn serb novak djokovic produced the performance of his career to beat world number one and defending champion roger federer to win the montreal masters on sunday .
even simple meditation techniques such as saying a mantra in your head or watching your breath can make a big difference .
revealing the case in public is like destroying one s career , as most training staff share information about players between themselves and will not accept people who make a large fuss .
there are bodies in every available space in the room .
after minutes of negotiations he was allowed to enter the airport where he was taken into custody and then put on a plane out of pakistan .
cholesterol drugs could help those with healthy levels
rangers , police and local residents responded for rescue work , according to railway officials , who said another train has arrived at the crash location to carry the injured to lahore .
ferguson also has setbacks to deal with , though , with ireland s john o shea and scot darren fletcher facing layoffs after being hurt in midweek internationals .
chung myung whun , the director and artistic director for some of the world s leading symphonies , is to be appointed as an artistic adviser to the seoul philharmonic orchestra , a seoul city official said yesterday .
nasa administrator michael griffin said there s nothing the military can do to make the outcome worse .
jakarta is regularly struck with floods , though not on the scale as in recent days .
diplomats have previously indicated that the us may be willing to offer north korea a security guarantee if it halts nuclear plans .
the show is also the chance for automakers to explore new concepts and designs that may or may not take shape on the assembly line .
blizzard warnings are posted across the northern plains , bracing for a bitterly cold blast of snow .
biti asserted that with results in from constituencies , the mdc has won percent of the vote meaning that even if mugabe carries the other constituencies , he could not avoid a run off .
solis is currently serving her fourth term in the house , representing a district that includes part of east los angeles .
he calls this a weak , circumstantial case
the school s owner is in custody , facing possible manslaughter charges .
in asia , throngs of middle class consumers are already snatching up a crude progenitor of the dvd player .
authorities believe demolition work next door caused the apartment complex to collapse around p . m . a . m . et , topbas said .
the diplomat expressed skepticism about south korean assertions that the later uranium enrichment tests
the important thing is not that it s your body or someone else s , but that you participate in something as a society , said oscar roman munoz , a year old engineer .
he now realized he would have to testify that there had been an inappropriate intimacy .
it will give great status to those who have suppressed human rights and human dignity , bush added , saying there was no difference between raul castro and his brother , fidel , who recently stepped aside as president because of ill health .
the police requested an arrest warrant for the year old lawyer and the golf club owner s uncle on charges of planning the kidnapping .
the bomber detonated his explosives at a gathering of mourners in the predominantly sunni city about miles west of baghdad .
witness charles williams was riding up the escalator toward the omni hotel lobby when he saw mann pulling riddles by her hair with his left hand .
in the ashes , authorities found the body of penny caffey , , and the and year old boys .
one economist says the flooding and its aftermath could cost the local economy a hundred million dollars .
initial exams of some of dolphins found dead in southwest england monday brought researchers no closer to knowing what caused what they called the biggest mass stranding of marine animals in britain in almost years .
he also developed defensive skills such as howling and biting .
it s usually easier to lose weight by changing your diet than to exercise three or four hours a day .
president george w . bush will travel to the mideast in january as he pursues a peace deal between israel and the palestinians during his final year in office , u . s . national security council spokesman gordon johndroe has said .
learn how to talk the walk
vatican city , vatican cnn
he was given a six month suspended sentence by a french court .
myanmar state media has reported that , people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them under an emergency law imposed on september banning assembly of more than five people and that of those people have been released .
as the south asia bureau chief for the wall street journal , he would spend the next four months reporting on afghanistan and operation enduring freedom .
four centers had to be closed in june , sending , children back to the streets without their three hour reprieve .
if the two leading opposition parties can fold smaller groups and independent candidates into their coalition , they could gain the two thirds majority in parliament needed to impeach musharraf .
what s taken place in anbar is almost breathtaking , he said .
sandor ferenci , , was approached by police after a motorist saw him speeding on his powerful motorcycle and noted his registration number .
details of the move have yet to be released , but japanese media reports said the air base would be moved from futenma to camp schwab , near henoko .
while democratic contenders fight for their party s bid , mccain can turn his attention to the general election .
sixty six percent of debate watchers said obama more clearly expressed his views , with percent saying mccain was more clear about his views .
apple has made it so easy to put game publishing in the palms of developers , he said . you just make it and then you submit it to apple .
sell is the word of the day .
new york governor eliot spitzer has resigned , after being linked to a prostitution ring .
overall , in the election , democrats are expanding their majorities in the house and senate .
parking lots around the alamodome in san antonio , texas , were filled with , school and commercial buses poised to head south if dean s path threatens texas .
hundreds of lawyers were arrested across pakistan monday as the police continued to enforce president pervez musharraf s emergency declaration .
the unions have joined forces because both have been left behind by globalization , murray said .
in a year when the high school musical soundtrack is the second best selling cd of the year and the hannah montana tour is the most in demand concert ticket , to lose the children s entertainment market as jamie is certainly in danger of doing is a huge problem , said joe levy , managing editor of rolling stone magazine .
analysts attribute the widespread mixing of work and play in part to south korea s rapid shift from farm to factory to fluorescent lighted offices .
whatever legends exist , one thing is certain
no longer must family and friends take their best guesses and wait .
a u . s . air force reconnaissance plane went out monday afternoon to more precisely locate the storm s center .
madeleine mccann vanished after her parents left her , and her brother and sister , both aged , alone while they went to a nearby restaurant within their hotel complex at praia da luz , a vacation resort in portugal s algarve region .
treasury secretary henry paulson told president roh moo hyun in seoul on wednesday that he is carefully optimistic that the two countries could successfully wrap up negotiations for a free trade agreement fta .
the fbi says it infiltrated the group after a video shop alerted police to being asked to copy onto dvd footage of the men firing guns and chanting .
brown visited beijing in january and said britain welcomed investment by china s government fund .
he also worked on president clinton s first presidential campaign and served as a white house adviser to clinton .
what we re seeing is a lot of interest among young voters coming out to register for the first time who really just need help with the process , she said , adding they were also seeing a lot of voters come out who haven t voted in as many as , years who need to re register .
ma , a nationalist , opposes reunification with china but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with the mainland .
the raids come hard on the heels of allegations from the international press of paranoia and economic nationalism in korea .
it is not going to be a gay high school , but yes , in a way , it is meant to target kids who feel they have been victims of bullying for their sexual orientation or perceived orientation , edelman said .
today , too many nations waste precious resources on building and acquiring weapons of mass destruction , on staging wars and doing violence to basic human rights , instead of investing in their people .
the idea , say administrators at the two ultra prestigious schools in england , is to see how well prospective students can think , not just how much they know .
on the second day of a joint festival in seoul to commemorate the th anniversary of korea s liberation from japan s colonial rule , the representatives of the two koreas strongly criticized japan s history distortion and urged japan to stop paying homage at the yasukuni shrine which honors japanese war dead along with convicted war criminals .
opposition parties , including those of former prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif , have indicated they would boycott elections so long as the emergency declaration and suspension of the constitution remained in place .
upendra was later captured and police said he confessed to being a close aid of amit kumar .
authorities from the water resources ministry plan to begin construction next year on the controversial and hugely expensive project .
dubai is a maritime nation and we understand the rich heritage of qe , the statement quoted sultan ahmed bin sulayem , chairman of istithmar s parent , dubai world , as saying .
in the first set , roddick had four break point chances with stepanek serving at , and took the lead when stepanek s backhand volley sailed long .
conditions in the housing market haven t been this bad since the s , and they re continuing to get worse .
some of the brokers bragged about being a gigolo in japan , saying that they can guarantee million won in income per month along with japanese language learning opportunity .
defense department official has expressed deep concern over the recent leak by a south korean national assemblyman of classified documents related to the u . s .
traitor !
doctors are working to remove the extra limbs and organs so she ll have a normal anatomy at the end of the operation , said dr . patil mamatha of sparsh hospital .
nedo sonetti resigned as coach of serie a bottom club cagliari on wednesday and marco giampaolo refused an offer to return in charge of the struggling italian outfit .
on sunday , russian president vladimir putin said iran was not a threat to the us , hinting that russia was the target .
the first u . s . soldiers to arrive on the scene after the incident told military investigators they found no evidence contractors were fired upon , a source familiar with a preliminary u . s . military report told cnn .
referring to a meeting with north korean leader kim jong il in , kim said that he learned from his experience then that pyongyang wants security and economic development .
today though , the intention of many companies is to use advertising as an instrument to promote social awareness of social evils , she said .
san francisco police chief heather fong said police secured the area to gather evidence and witness statements .
his fate was not immediately known .
she adds president bush is taking forceful steps to reverse the trend and america is positioned to bounce back .
kitt , , died in new york , where she was being treated for colon cancer , freedman said .
the chicago bulls swept the defending nba champion miami heat out of the playoffs with a victory on sunday .
from the movie like graphics in the action game gears of war to the nearly photorealistic racer motorstorm , video games have come a long way since the bouncing blocks of pong .
and then , johnson and her boyfriend couldn t find an apartment without proving the pets were declawed .
abuse of the elderly is a crime rarely reported but which affects as many as million people each year in the u . s .
but according to reuters news agency he appeared to be shunned by delegates .
south korea ranks eighth in the global tech savvy list , becoming the only nation in the asia pacific region to scrape into the top .
yahoo reported a dip in quarterly profit tuesday as corporate advertisers spent less on its online ads , and the company gave a weaker than expected forecast for the rest of .
the price index for raw materials and intermediate goods in january posted year on year growth of . percent , the steepest rise in over nine years , the bank of korea said yesterday .
associated attorney general kevin o connor says mukasey began shaking while addressing the federalist society at a washington hotel .
the ap s mark smith is live at the white house to tell us what that means
they had three handguns and were taken into custody , israeli security sources said , because they had been involved in deadly bombing and shooting attacks against israeli civilians .
bangkok , thailand ap bangkok s old international airport would be ready to reopen later this month to ease congestion at the new international facility , which has been plagued by problems including taxiway cracks , an official said thursday .
he returned home in .
british forces withdrew from musa qala in october after the truce , which turned over security to local leaders and prevented nato forces from entering the town .
kookmin , korea s largest bank in assets , submitted a bid totaling . trillion won . billion to buy a . percent stake in the bank , now controlled by lone star funds of the united states .
the government reports consumer prices fell a full , as inflation turned into deflation last month
the national center for missing and exploited children lists a danielle erica cramer , , as missing from bloomfield , connecticut , since june , .
legend has it that michelangelo himself is the one who dubbed these doors the gates of paradise .
but even more prediscovery data on sg came in from the catalina sky survey .
permissiveness seems to be a component , he said . a potential antidote would be more authoritative parenting . less indulgence might be called for .
eighty two percent of pledge takers denied or forgot they had ever taken such a vow .
among the artifacts on display at the museum are george washington s uniform , an early light bulb from thomas edison , mr . rogers red cardigan sweater and the desk at which thomas jefferson wrote the declaration of independence .
douglas macarthur were among the most daring and successful amphibious operations in history .
all business class airline silverjet has spotted an attractive way to get bums on seats and give time pressed business travelers a helping hand in their christmas present buying with a retail therapist .
although the british press is carrying predictions that , beefeaters a year could die of cjd associated with mad cow disease , in fact it is very hard to contract any of the brain rotting ailments .
she bought the land from a government agency despite an anti corruption law barring politicians and their spouses from doing business with state agencies .
everyone will see a drop of eight to degrees on tuesday , said stuart seto of the national weather service . by thursday , things will be getting back to normal .
it was just a perfect ending to a perfect summer . hopefully , we can do this every year .
the brazilian , probably the most popular player in china , had twisted his ankle in training on saturday but he came on for the second half in place of new signing thierry henry .
they do not increase the frequency of sex , nor do they increase the number of sexual partners .
to draw and somethings , nudist groups and camps are trying everything from deep discounts on membership fees to a young ambassador program that encourages college and graduate students to talk to their peers about having fun in the buff .
bush announces b bailout
it is informally known as the tarmac task force , but airline passengers should temper their expectations for what the federal task force will produce , in terms of protection against being stranded for hours on tarmacs .
meghan mccain was on the talk show couch , being grilled by the hosts of the view . does it bother her to hear jokes about her father s age ?
but there were gasps in the courtroom as the judges convicted only three of the eight prime defendants of the gravest charge mass murder .
we have no choice but to take measures to adjust he added , referring to the pace of disablement of the nuclear facilities .
giuliani , who had staked his presidential campaign on a florida win , had a disappointing third place finish in the state s republican primary tuesday night .
tiger will make the three day jet and helicopter journey , via hong kong and johannesburg , in a cargo box with only water , although zhang lin of save china s tigers said tigers can go for five days without food in the wild .
we were operating in the corridors , patients were lying everywhere , and people were dying before they got treatment , he said .
members of the opposition hezbollah party boycotted tuesday s session , making a quorum impossible to reach .
if you allow me bail , i will give more details on their wrongdoings , he said to the judge .
pakistan had the bomb but no missiles to deliver it , and north korea is the world s most active missile proliferator , especially to customers who can t shop elsewhere .
the crews aim to prevent the blazes from pushing closer to pricey neighborhoods on the pacific coast
he said top u . s . commanders are debating whether to make further withdrawals after july .
she tells the associated press she doesn t see any difference between piercing a cat and piercing a human . we want to go back to our mark smith for a moment to hear about the president s surprise visit to the white house press room last night
the series may be alive and well on tbs reruns . but it s been a full decade since sex and the city premiered on hbo , bringing us sex columnist carrie , her three gal pals , and their lustful urban quest for love , good sex and even better clothes .
the israeli military surrounded densely populated gaza city late monday as the death toll mounts in the war torn territory .
but he made clear that no abuse would be tolerated .
it is believed that the delayed release signifies something wrong inside the ranks of the militants .
lg , which holds a percent stake in hanaro , has opposed the proposed share sale which would allow the us consortium to acquire a percent stake in the broadband service provider .
video footage of thursday s attack on bhutto contains a murky shot of a hand firing a pistol three times , but the pakistani government said bhutto who was standing through her vehicle s sunroof was not hit .
fat men eat more and skinny ones fast to win exemption .
that record will likely be left in the dust soon as gas prices accelerate toward levels that could approach a gallon , though most analysts believe prices will peak below that psychologically significant mark .
matsuoka s death comes just ahead of upper house elections , and as support for prime minister shinzo abe s cabinet is plunging .
however , the federal lawsuit was dismissed january by a judge in los angeles who said he had no jurisdiction over simpson , who lives in florida .
meanwhile , former vice president al gore is calling for top bush administration officials to resign because of bad policies in iraq .
things are happening and happening faster than we expected , said patricia romero lankao of the national center for atmospheric research in boulder , colorado , one of the many co authors of the new report .
and in order to expedite the count , people were hired , predominantly non alaskan , who know little about us .
big jets , executive jets and private planes .
the national association of realtors that monday said sales of existing homes rose . percent in february , the first gain since last july .
the rotating presidency of the security council this month , said he felt steamrollered into a saturday vote on the resolution . i feel like i was misled , he said , adding that he had been led to believe that he would have more time to consider the resolution .
passports will be mandatory for all border crossings
a criminal complaint alleges gonzalez , a web designer , admitted to the fbi he posted an online threat to drum up business to his web site .
investigators said the take from the holdup topped pound . million , which was slightly more than million at the time .
the spate of killings in bittsa park in southwestern moscow began in and terrorized the russian capital .
brent crude fell cents to . a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
the official italian report on the incident expected to be published this week will accuse the american military of tampering with evidence at the scene of the shooting .
according to the forum , south korea was ranked th on the peace index list of surveyed countries .
why doesn t it understand that we maybe are a developing country , we have our flaws , we believe in constitution , we know how to run government , we are not such clueless people who do not know how to run a country , we have our own brains .
correns , france cnn brangelina must be cocooning .
traveler mark smith saw it all
you can also take instruction in how to navigate the internet .
three mothers of fourth grade students at wonmuk elementary school in seoul fell from a meter tall aerial ladder connected to a fire truck when a wire holding a rescue basket malfunctioned and turned their perch upside down , killing two of the women and injuring the third , police said .
hollywood studios could reap big profits from the new format .
we pried the toilet seat off with a pry bar and the seat went with her to the hospital , whipple said . the hospital removed it .
nato said it observed people removing the bodies of fighting age males from the compound .
three shots were fired , one of which hit the schoolboy in the neck .
last week chinese media reported it would also be extended to elementary , secondary and primary school campuses .
cho seung hui said monday s massacre on the virginia tech campus could have been avoided and said you forced me into a corner , in a videotaped message he mailed to nbc news .
authorities were still investigating the cause of the crash , which occurred around midday saturday in the province of granma , about miles east of havana , according to a statement read on state television .
bush also chided u . s . allies who have withheld civil liberties , saying governments will never build trust by harassing or imprisoning candidates and protesters .
this is a matter of mutual relationships , roh told a news conference , saying u . s . policy on the north had not been consistent like south korea s and suggesting pyongyang had reason to be wary of u . s . overtures .
mugabe has no intention of leaving zimbabwe , his country s ambassador to the un told the bbc .
toyota exports percent of its japan made vehicles .
melanie brown filed a superior court petition wednesday that seeks to legally establish eddie murphy as the father of her month old daughter .
the latest discoveries are from the countryside .
but the puzzling whale sharks were the real draw and for good reason .
former movie star and bodybuilder arnold schwarzenegger is one of austria s most famous sons .
in recent years , britain s superbug infection rates of bacteria like clostridium difficile and mrsa have skyrocketed .
now their research is centered on the flip side of love .
but rushdie always defended his
france s outspoken foreign minister , former humanitarian campaigner bernard kouchner , said the idea is interesting .
with the promise not to ever again assault a brother country and the request for forgiveness by colombia , we can consider this very serious incident resolved , ecuadoran president rafael correa said friday .
a police official said up to , people normally work there .
they are identical to the things i called for the day that secretary paulson released his package .
what if my baby chokes ?
in the american league , which plays tomorrow , the red sox and tampa bay also have two to nothing series leads .
robert , a french journalist , brought the case to the media s attention in recent months in an effort to shed light on what she deemed to be injustices in the pro western emirate of dubai .
meanwhile , south korea has added afghanistan to a list of countries to which its citizens are banned from traveling .
so to come through convincingly in two sets , not being broken and both times racing away with the lead after an early break , that was perfect .
almost unnoticed at first , the joong ang ilbo reports another strike has created turmoil inside the hyundai kia motor group .
he was apparently one of a number of americans and other foreign nationals rounded up today , keller said . an american consular official who visited him at the central police station reported that he was being held for violation of the journalism laws .
asked about suspects , shields said only that we have a few definite lines of inquiry .
hasn t said just yet how big the giant moon pie will be , and instead of a ball , however , the city will be dropping a giant mechanical moon pie at the stroke of midnight on new year s eve .
some workers are demanding a raise , while others say they haven t been paid at all .
the pc version is designed to take the online portion
kia motors corp . s compact car , morning , saw a percent sales increase last month over the same period last year .
society cannot allow the private sector to do whatever it wants , said chavez , speaking on the first day of classes .
in villahermosa , rooftops barely jutted above the surface of brackish waters flooding the city s streets after at least one major river overflowed its banks .
detect deterioration in the power train and store the data in a control module for technicians .
a feat that could lead researchers to one day resurrect long extinct species , such as the mammoth .
other factors involved in loneliness include individuals levels of social skill , fear of rejection , and self confidence , leary said .
that s associated press correspondent alexandra olson in mexico ciity .
it s one of many diet chat sites on the web .
the association said it had sought talks with regional and national authorities to resolve the matter in recent weeks but to no avail .
in the past , only copts , as egyptian christians are known , got christmas off , while the rest of egypt worked as usual .
as both houses of parliament closed ahead of upper house elections on july , abe conceded
authorities said they cannot yet estimate how much damage the storm caused , but several roads need to be cleared and some bridges were damaged .
ihsan abu holeiqa , a member of the council , said the meeting with pelosi thursday included discussion of the new difficulties saudis have in getting u . s . visas , with some waiting four to five months .
the comair crj jet , bound for atlanta , georgia , went down in woods about .
locals mutter or giggle about the invasion of hollywood glam .
prince harry s father , prince charles , and uncle , the duke of york , have also learned to pilot military helicopters .
he flew in from geneva , where he had met north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan over the weekend .
scientists hope the satellites will record a geomagnetic storm next year and end the debate about when the storms are triggered .
and for those who seek the exotic artifacts of the soviet era lenin statues , imposing bronze monuments and colonnaded subway stations kiev has those too .
kareem , who commands the iraqi security forces in diyala province , said the bombings isolated the terrorists who had infiltrated sherween .
there was no reference in the final communique to the north s nuclear program , which has been the focus of intense international negotiations .
gas prices are at their lowest levels in nearly five years
a livestock quarantine panel , which is responsible for determining the safety of imported beef , is expected to declare u . s . beef safe to consume and clear the way for its importation in its meeting on wednesday .
nasdaq has been under pressure to get a deal done after the london stock exchange s rejection of its final bid in february and as rival exchanges consolidate .
lim is currently the chief of the government s legal research and training institute .
at least people , including civilians , suffocated on board a new russian nuclear submarine when the vessel s fire suppression system went off by accident during sea trials .
casinos such as the wynn and sands have already helped this southern coastal chinese city surpass the las vegas strip as the world s most lucrative gambling center .
lee claims to be a victim and denies having any knowledge of the scam .
russian space agency chief anatoly perminov said all the cosmonauts feel wonderful .
police watched the closed circuit video footage , and despite the child looking like madeleine , it was not her , said the official , who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case .
the feathered legs amount to rear wings , xu said .
however , portugal s strength lies in midfield with cristiano ronaldo , nani , ricardo quaresmo and deco among others .
the producers have said that new york city is the fifth lady of the show , says lisa blythe perlman , a guide for the hotspots tour . eighty percent of the show was filmed on location .
hong kong ap hundreds of thousands of angry and worried hong kong residents marched peacefully on july tuesday to protest an anti subversion law in the territory s biggest rally since china used troops to crush a mainland student democracy movement in .
they seized financial documents to investigate the sale of the bank to the u . s . based investment fund lone star in .
cienfuegos , cuba cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez presided friday at a regional petroleum summit in cuba , pressing his efforts to counter u . s . influence in latin america and the caribbean by suggesting more of his neighbors could pay for cheap oil with goods or services in lieu of cash .
floridians have been standing in long lines in polling locations to cast early ballots .
but no damage was caused by the bombing near an oil storage tank in the colombo suburb of kolonnawa , they said .
the move is an effort to drum up support among democrats for several trade deals stalled on capitol hill , amid allegations the white house has not done enough to prod china .
langenhahn told police that he was stowing his gun in the cockpit of a jet preparing to land in charlotte , north carolina , last month when it accidentally fired .
dadullah said the taliban did not regret standing by al qaeda .
it s e , just one more day until election day , and the last full day of campaigning is underway !
us president george w bush has already announced a tightening of us economic sanctions against burma .
henderson , nevada cnn michael tylo jr . , son of soap opera star hunter tylo , has died in a swimming pool accident .
they accuse his government of being a front for former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who they want to stand trial on corruption charges .
the party disclosed its disapproval of roh s recent behavior monday afternoon by turning down roh s invitation to a dinner meeting at the presidential mansion , a few hours after presidential chief of staff lee byung wan conveyed roh s wish to the chairman .
meanwhile , outgoing president roh moo hyun has stepped up his criticism of president elect lee myung bak s policies and his conservative platform .
murdoch has said he would invest in the journal and ensure its editorial independence , something that the bancroft family and employees of dow jones say is paramount to the company s mission .
she also served as deputy assistant secretary for european and eurasian affairs .
malaysia has urged the burmese military to drop preconditions for talks with pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
israel said wednesday it expects egypt to solve the problem after at least , people crossed the downed gaza egyptian border to buy supplies .
the award winning game makers at traveller s tales lego star wars series did a great job giving you the feeling of controlling enormous machines .
some male police officers sneered at the women as they directed traffic and kept pedestrians from jaywalking on their first day on the job .
colombia has apologized for conducting an attack inside ecuador , but it also has said the killing of a senior leader of farc in the raid was the most significant blow in more than four decades of warfare between the colombian government and the group , which the united states and european union label a terrorist organization .
in boxes are clogged daily with spam mail promising cheap and instant manliness delivered fast and in bulk .
police divers searched the pond in the sydney suburb of rosemeadow and sought potential witnesses in a hunt for clues to who the boy was and how he died .
there are about seats up for grabs , candidates vying , and no shortage of unusual names .
the resumption of aid was delayed after the north missed a deadline to close a nuclear reactor in a landmark deal .
madonna s publicist said sunday that details of a divorce settlement are yet to be finalized , dismissing reports that the couple had agreed to a custody arrangement for the couple s children .
the japanese vessel pasha bulker was towed out into deeper waters by tug boats during high tide on monday night after days of work by salvage teams .
information barely trickled out of the tibetan capital lhasa and other far flung tibetan communities , where foreign media were banned and thousands of troops dispatched to quell the most widespread demonstrations against chinese rule in nearly five decades .
fujimoto aims to prepare his students to operate the urban hydroponic businesses that he thinks will gain importance in the future .
north korea s air force fields hundreds of aircraft , but the vast majority are ageing soviet models such as the mig fighter or chinese copies outclassed by more modern aircraft fielded by the us , south korea or japan .
allen , a professor of electrical engineering at georgia institute of technology , originally invented the sensor for use in jet engines .
and multigigabyte hard drives will go by the wayside as multiterabyte drives will be required to hold the microsoft bloatware of a decade out .
reports said that yang , the youngest lawmaker elect of the winners of the april elections , allegedly inflated her academic background as well as fabricated a career record .
jobs contends that would tear down the walls by allowing consumers to play music they buy at apple s itunes store on any digital music player , not just the company s ipods .
the loss of both houses of congress will make bush s last two years in office extremely difficult .
, blankets and uh , over , tents .
the vellum manuscript , which dates back to , was issued by king edward i and is credited with memorializing the rights of man into english law .
under the plan , the government will provide korean language education , as well as clearly explain local traffic regulations and trash disposal practices .
while exit polls from the west virginia primary seemed to suggest the party is deeply divided between barack obama and hillary clinton , a new poll out wednesday suggests either candidate would easily beat republican john mccain in the fall .
the brother kim was arrested for stock manipulation and corporate fund embezzlement while running bbk six years ago .
authorities flew in three helicopters to pluck somchai to safety .
the most prestigious and oldest university in the united kingdom currently has two degrees focused on korea
edwin j . feulner , president of the neo conservative heritage foundation , said in a discussion with herald media publisher hong jung wook that washington will eventually work toward that goal and stressed it would be the only way for true development in the stalinist state .
legal advice for problems such as disputes over lease contracts will also be provided .
two german engineers were seized a week ago and one subsequently died , apparently killed by his taliban captors .
a former government contract employee was indicted on charges of stealing restricted nuclear energy related materials and putting the united states at risk , the department of justice announced thursday .
police said people died and were wounded in the attack in lahore , and three more were killed in a separate suicide bombing in an area of the city known as model town .
opinion polls in ireland have shown the vote is too close to call .
looking at other countries , the imf trimmed its projection for germany , with economic growth slowing to . percent this year and weakening to percent in .
they declined to give further details .
some barack obama campaign ads end with information about early voting , and to visit his cincinnati campaign headquarters is to see an effort both to get voters to cast their ballots early and on a call and rides list for next tuesday .
the scanners have been in use by police for several years , but many more have been purchased and they will now be used much more aggressively under a law that gives police the right to search people without having to demonstrate beforehand that there is reasonable
, forensic scientists and prosecution lawyers all shared responsibility for the courtroom failure .
russia has opposed the u . s . push for tougher sanctions against iran and called for more checks and inspections of iranian facilities by an international nuclear watchdog .
allegations of abuse included beatings with brooms and umbrellas , slashings with knives , being made to repeatedly climb stairs and take freezing cold showers as punishment for misdeeds that included sleeping late or stealing food from trash bins because they were poorly fed .
important sectors of the singapore economy include manufacturing , trade , financial and business services , transport and communications .
merkel said that military stabilizing measures have to be coordinated with civilian measures .
an after hours message left for simpson s attorney , yale galanter , was not immediately returned .
the simulation was posted on youtube on june , and received more than , hits in the first hour , hoffman said . as of wednesday , it had garnered more than , views .
we found a decision , which is a compromise , president viktor yushchenko was quoted as saying by the interfax news agency .
if no one does , they ll be euthanized and buried .
authorities have recovered the bodies of central american migrants whose boat capsized in the pacific ocean , the mexican navy said on saturday .
when the sectarian strife is over , then i will not fear the gangs who are running between the provinces , al maliki said , an apparent reference to al qaeda and other sunni religious extremists that have been driven from the capital .
under the rule , airfare or air rate , taxes , airport charges and other charges , surcharges or fees , such as those related to security or fuel , have to be included in the price of the ticket .
as a boy i fell in love with words , ran away from home and joined the radio , and it really was something .
the earthquake struck at p . m . local time
for me personally he was a teacher he made me a free person .
the baby is due in the spring and will be the vice president s sixth grandchild . watch mary cheney address critics of the pregnancy
i saw him coming down the escalator pulling her along , around the corner . he ran into the plant and that s when they started struggling , he said .
have reached a new trademark agreement , the companies said monday .
ching is the first hong kong journalist to have been charged with spying since the communist state resumed sovereignty over the territory in .
the suvs are expected to go on sale early this year , while the silverado and sierra are scheduled to hit the market at the end of .
he added it was unclear who the package was addressed to because of the extent of the damage .
the report describes the boeing hitting problems feet off the ground and descending rapidly , just making it onto heathrow land .
after leaving japan , the kitty hawk will make a stop at pearl harbor in hawaii and then travel on to the puget sound naval shipyard in bremerton , washington , to be decommissioned .
five days after cyclone sidr struck bangladesh , an overwhelming stench filled the air tuesday as rotting bodies and animal carcasses floated in pools of stagnant water around the coastal city of patharghata .
forty targets were hit simultaneously , with a total of , pounds of bombs dropped , according to a military news release .
acting on clues , we have sent police teams to different towns to nab the suspects , bharti arora , a senior haryana state railway police official , said wednesday .
i just think british music is the best .
wu dawei , the top chinese delegate , said that the denuclearization talks will resume in beijing on the week of august th . the specific reconvening date will be decided through further consultations , he said at an outdoor news conference in the diaoyutai state guesthouse .
s president reportedly called a top treasury department official as the company was negotiating with bankers it needed to avoid bankruptcy .
shares of sun microsystems fell more than percent monday on news that ibm withdrew its acquisition offer over the weekend .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
because i learned that when i had my kids , people started praying for me immediately , for the survival of the octuplets .
at a joint news conference , olmert praised germany s friendship it is one of israel s strongest allies in europe and its second biggest trading partner , after the u . s .
the study also found that adolescents living in a two parent household had a lower probability of pregnancy .
in addition , switching to crops used for biofuels will also reduce the amount of available food and increase prices , it said .
at this time , the entire island is aglow with lava and magma as it pours down into the sea . we do not have confirmation of how many people were on this island at the time of the eruption , allan said in an e mail .
cameron was punched in the head , stomach and chest , and whipped with a belt from tuesday to wednesday evening , o meara said .
some reporters also took a swipe at the title of the sequence , asking whether let s come together was acceptable innuendo and if it was , whether the pun worked in the member union s other official languages .
police clashed thursday with demonstrators protesting the visit of vice president dick cheney hours before he arrived in australia to thank one of washington s staunchest supporters in the increasingly unpopular war in iraq .
though the foreign troops say they do everything they can to avoid civilian casualties , an estimated civilians have been killed this year by u . s . or nato military action , according to an associated press count based on numbers from u . s . , afghan and u . n . officials .
more than nigerian children are thought to have died recently after taking the medicine .
a smaller experiment two years ago in the phoenix area found the faux speed bumps slowed traffic , at least temporarily .
but scientists who have spent years studying the health of september search and rescue dogs have found no sign of major illness in the animals .
the diplomatic row between the countries , which has gone from bad to worse in recent weeks , showed little sign of letting up as angry south koreans from politicians to ordinary citizens rose to censure senior japanese officials for their lack of composure .
a team of un nuclear inspectors is heading to a north korean reactor at the centre of a key disarmament deal .
fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed that fellowes now lord fellowes had commandeered a communications post at the british embassy in paris on the night to send messages to an intelligence agency as part of a murder plot .
more than taliban were killed and several others were wounded in a hour gunbattle .
the joong ang ilbo reports the grand national party broke an agreement and voted against a revision of tax law friday .
president barack obama is urging lawmakers to pass his . trillion budget .
the epa advises anyone with a suppressed immune system or anyone who s concerned about bacteria to refrain from drinking coffee or tea on an airplane .
we are going to prove that you can t buy an election in the state of new hampshire and we are also going to prove that negative attack ads don t work either , mccain said monday in a jab at romney , his main rival according to state opinion polls .
the visitors are treated to close up encounters of roving bands of sting rays , sleek hammerhead sharks , enormous grouper and countless other species .
researchers say it made no difference whether the caffeine came from coffee , soda , tea or hot chocolate .
oil analyst tom kloza on tuesday called mccain s proposal a quick fix for people who believe cheap gas is their birthright . it s not a prudent thing to do .
the plan he unveiled today would do it in , by august .
the candidate resumed his campaign on october .
republican senator susan collins says a meeting this morning produced a common goal
starting at the parking area , walk downhill until you reach a small river and a mill pond . from there , pick one of the countless trails that branch off the main path along the river and start exploring .
there s also a frilly pink mae west dress worn by janet jackson at age during family performances at the mgm grand in las vegas in .
drawings on the back of a leonardo da vinci painting may have been sketched by the italian renaissance artist , but only more tests by museum experts will tell .
time for larry david to put a seinfeld reunion together
watch a juror explain how there was sympathy for fall guy libby
recently its water levels have dropped to record lows .
mcdearis delivered his sermon sunday as students who had left school following the massacre returned to campus .
in a statement yesterday , the union asserted that the classes would give students only the minimum information they needed about the apec meeting and the group .
it is one of seven cantonments across nepal where unmin is monitoring the arms and armies of the former maoist rebels , who signed a peace deal with the government more than a year ago .
fifty three percent of likely voters questioned in the poll say they are backing obama for president , with percent supporting mccain .
it said it will also investigate lee hoi chang , former chairman of the grand national party and lee hak soo , vice chairman of samsung .
senator john mccain of arizona is the only republican who promises to end the george bush style of governing from and on behalf of a small , angry fringe , the paper s editorial board wrote .
the basra contingent could fall to little over , in the next six months , the pa reported , citing the daily telegraph newspaper .
the short term outlook for the market looks pretty miserable , said donald selkin , director of research at joseph stevens .
he said dna testing could determine whether the two were related , but that still leaves other hypotheses
and self described net addicts think themselves less worthy in person than online .
china and south korea have enjoyed stable and growing political ties since forming diplomatic relations in , as well as booming trade and investment links .
while a punk band called rux was performing , shin and oh pulled their pants down and danced with their genitals exposed .
in a statement , hackett said the big car was swerving clearly the driver of the vehicle was being hindered by the motorbikes .
the world s famous footballer has begun a five year contract with the los angeles galaxy team , and on friday beckham will meet the press and reveal his new shirt number .
he is also the first in the lee family to face summons since the special prosecutor s team began the investigation into the group last month .
studs turkel was a symbol of old chicago .
and it s a frustration of not being able to be part of a community reinforced by this physical desolation , that once you walk in an area like this , you ll never forget it .
the list includes a cat version of aids , sars , diabetes , retinal disease and spina bifida , said stephen j . o brien of the national cancer institute .
more than nerves are being frayed
tehran , iran cnn iran s president announced monday that his country has begun production of nuclear fuel on an industrial level .
busy diplomatic schedules are being circulated among the members of the six party talks , including a timetable for the resumption of the nuclear negotiations , possibly soon after july , according to top u . s . envoy christopher hill yesterday .
murray makes history with triumph in madrid
lee is expected to visit moscow in late may or june after his trips to the united states , japan and china between mid april and may .
after being hospitalized , wilson dropped out of the upcoming dreamworks movie , tropic thunder , which was already in production in hawaii .
her father is focused only on his next high . finally , she will sleep .
the meeting , a joint peace jirga , is being held in the afghan capital , kabul . gen . pervez musharraf was to attend but bowed out at the last minute .
the plane landed safely in the canary islands and no one was hurt , the official said .
the number of new office buildings has increased sevenfold in years .
why should a parent outside dallas care about what s happening there ?
that sparked divisions in serbia about whether to keep pursuing membership in the european union given that several eu nations have recognized kosovo s independence .
if itineraries change , information can be easily updated on the esta web site .
he was reportedly unconscious and transferred to hospital .
cbo s report concludes that the cost of the president s plan to surge troops will be higher than previously indicated , both in dollar terms and in the burdens it places on our military , spratt , d south carolina , said in a written statement .
health experts were on monday examining the home and workshop of a london drum maker who died after inhaling anthrax spores while handling imported animal skins .
lawyers for the zimbabwe electoral commission had earlier claimed it would be too dangerous to release the results of the country s recent presidential elections , and warned that they may not comply with any court order to make them public , the journalist told cnn .
shortly after she was summoned , shin abandoned her right to appeal for a deliberation on the charges against her .
the potential replacements for souter abound already
u . s . currently has around thousand troops in south korea , while north korea has over one million troops .
boisclair , , was elected leader in late with the party well ahead in the polls .
that has aroused opposition to human embryonic stem cell research , and it led the bush administration to restrict federal funding for it .
officers received a call about the accident and arrested lohan at the hospital for investigation of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs , mccann said .
in a press conference at a hotel in los angeles , lee bo ra , wife of kim kyung joon , who has been arrested there for financial fraud and embezzlement , said
her tongue was massive , and she insisted on trying to put the entire thing in my mouth . she was very forceful with it , and i started choking .
the new approach , which is not yet clear , was agreed upon at a summit between president roh moo hyun and president george w . bush in washington on sept .
pope benedict xvi , in his palm sunday mass , opened the roman catholic church s most solemn week by urging young people to live pure , innocent lives .
the appreciation was the biggest one day rise in three years and contrasts with the largest one day drop in years on monday .
twelve israeli civilians have been killed from hezbollah rockets , including eight in haifa on sunday .
in this case , neither the birth mother nor the mother who had originally sought the child wanted to be involved .
five years after the initial survey the study subjects were aged to .
after completing years of military service , general cha , who is , retired saturday .
while you desperately want to check out the eiffel tower , all you can think of is going to sleep .
according to the ministry of government administration and home affairs thursday , only . percent , or , of government officials ranking at vice minister level or above saw their personal wealth decrease .
a senior army officer said corpses were still caught up in trees when rescue workers stopped for the night .
us president george bush met and endorsed the sheikh last week in iraq .
the pop star was involved in a minor traffic accident late saturday .
most of the casualties are a result of the airstrikes that preceded saturday night s ground incursion .
on tuesday , the leader of olmert s kadima faction also called for him to quit .
it does not automatically imply anything that has to do with the use of military force , he told reporters at his embassy .
the planned law would have enabled some of the millions of illegal immigrants already living within the us to eventually seek citizenship .
and to score the winning goal is a great feeling . united captain rio ferdinand said
however , queen elizabeth ii would remain sovereign .
ministry spokesman thomas raabe said the ministry was carefully analyzing the report , issued tuesday by the parliamentary commissioner for the military , reinhold robbe , and would provide a summary of its own findings by midyear .
the korea times reports korea s internet and telecom industries have begun to counter japan s recent claim to tokto , korea s easternmost islets .
all of the top ten metro areas by per capita auto theft rates are in western states .
pakistani authorities struck a deal with the local militants last september in a bid to isolate foreign militants and curb cross border incursions into afghanistan .
the violence doesn t bother anybody because it s done in a way that s not offensive , said dan fellman , warner bros . head of distribution . people love the movie , they love the originality .
more than brands of pet food were recalled earlier this year after u . s . inspectors said wheat gluten from china that was used to make the food was tainted with melamine .
mbc apologized for its program about prof .
she said she could not reveal any information about the deaths because the investigation was still under way .
cnn britney spears has regained temporary visitation rights of her two sons , her attorney said sunday .
they released the adolescent on april with a radio tag .
its epicenter was about km miles east southeast of the capital , reykjavik , and was about km . miles below the earth s surface .
windows makes it easier to move between the things on your desktop , said microsoft group project manager charlotte jones , who gave a brief demonstration of the system on the hall s giant display screens .
according to the korea times . roh made the extraordinary statement during a speech at an air force academy commencement ceremony .
in his statement friday , obama said he had not personally heard the controversial sermons .
however we can confirm that if and when mrs . darwin does appear in britain then police want to speak to her as a matter of urgency , the spokeswoman said .
even more will do the same when the lights are dimmed from until local time , overnight .
this is the land where tomorrow reigns , as local consumers are all too willing to flaunt the next new thing .
that it drops off sharply in the first decade
he took office after richard nixon resigned over the watergate scandal in but lost to jimmy carter in .
internet fame can be more intimate , weinberger says , more of a personal connection between the one and the few .
the bacteria are usually transmitted to humans by eating foods contaminated with animal feces .
stranded in flooded homes in cedar rapids , a local humane society spokeswoman said sunday .
it will be more difficult for fraud to take place if we all vote , rodriguez said at a news conference tuesday .
i m proud i ran a positive campaign , he told supporters . i ran a campaign that was uplifting .
just over a year ago , another quake generated tsunami killed around people on java island .
a quarter of a century ago , president ronald reagan declared , our dream is to see the day when nuclear weapons will be banished from the face of the earth .
the anthropologist who discovered the gold , mark aldenderfer , told cnn on tuesday night that he sensed the importance of his find after noticing a glint while excavating a site with human remains .
musharraf has been a key ally of washington in fighting terrorism since the september terrorist attacks on the united states , but has faced accusations from some quarters in pakistan of being too closely tied to america .
taliban fighters and their al qaeda allies were driven from power in afghanistan after al qaeda s september , , attacks in the united states .
six of the seven astronauts were married , and five had children .
it s not just about your weight .
the organization is sprawling .
obama s biggest support comes from men , younger voters and independents who lean democratic , cnn polling director keating holland said . clinton does best among women , older voters and whites .
yahoo had , employees at the end of the third quarter .
in contrast , roddick never offered the st ranked kuznetsov an opportunity to break his serve .
a pathologist for ocean county , new jersey concluded in april that the death of retired nypd detective , james zadroga , , was directly linked to recovery operations .
instead of spreading the patient s ribs , the surgeon uses a miniature camera mounted on a thin tube to view the organs .
i loved doing the catwoman .
the two leaders agreed to press for a negotiated peaceful solution to the nuclear issue , through the mechanism of the stalled talks .
it is logically possible for the united states to consider such a measure , he said on condition of anonymity .
taiwan s parliament , which is split between two major political factions , often descends into physical violence .
the stock market has tanked , unemployment is growing at a very rapid rate with no end in sight , the government s programs to resolve the problem will not have an effect large enough to offset the downward pull .
security guards protecting the festival returned fire .
bush called for a united front with countries who recognize the danger of iran having a nuclear weapon , saying the us was working closely with the uk , france and germany on the issue .
he said , it s one thing to attack me . it s another thing to attack somebody like gen . petraeus .
uri party chairman lee bu young said wednesday the ruling party will push for a second inter korean summit meeting in order to defuse the protracted standoff over north korea s nuclear weapons programs .
instead it was chelsea who grabbed the glory on the night and wright phillips told sky sports
the wall street journal , citing people familiar with the matter , said barclays was close to an agreement to sell what it described as a large stake to temasek and another investor to help back its bid for abn .
pieces are created in hours instead of weeks and months .
hit by a series of recent corruption scandals , the gnp also lost five of six races for local chiefs , including yangcheon in seoul and bonghwa in north gyeongsang province .
the ships also offer full fledged musicals in onboard theaters .
it s just the whole idea somebody thought of it in and here we are living it .
in the s , famine struck , killing hundreds of thousands .
nearly eight year rule is being challenged by opposition activists and islamic militants , said he has witnessed the rise of extremism , militancy and violence tearing at the fabric of our society .
it is increasingly likely that north korea will have the same nuclear status one year from now that it has today .
many urbanites have happily ditched their own wheels in favor of such programs .
his face hinted at a mixed sense of amusement and embarrassment .
rooney was introduced minutes from time but before he had even touched the ball , gamba pulled one back through masato yamazaki .
despite the celebrations , the expansion has prompted security fears that illegal immigrants , drug smugglers or terror suspects could find it easier to cross into europe from its eastern borders .
the program , which debuted on fox in , threw the privileged duo into everyday situations .
two islamist websites yesterday announced that lebanese born corporal wassef ali hassoun had been beheaded .
the recorded siren songs of humpback whales played from a coast guard cutter thursday as biologists tried to lure an injured whale and her calf out of a shipping channel and back toward the pacific ocean , miles away .
the programs have been aimed at a reduction in poverty , a boost to education , basic health care , micro finance for the poor and promotion of private enterprise .
opposition liberal leader stephane dion has said the military needs to work more closely with canada s development workers and diplomats to make tangible progress in the kandahar region .
the occasion was marked by special border ceremonies , including one on germany s eastern border with poland and the czech republic at zittau .
where women remain illiterate , we find that democratic institutions are more fragile and the environment less well managed .
international medical standards warn against using eggs from researchers who may be vulnerable to pressure .
the militants are said to be inspired by al qaeda .
according to the city government , gere failed to pay appropriate registration taxes as a newly incorporated company .
the bbc reports the admission came after a three year inquiry by the national intelligence service nis into its past conduct .
but you know . . . it shouldn t just be bush , clinton , bush , clinton , he said .
if necessary , i ll go hand out dvds personally on the dam , he said , referring to amsterdam s central square .
the men stormed a bank in the town of altagracia de orituco , in the state of guarico , and took hostages just before noon on monday before releasing a few during negotiations with police .
meanwhile , oil was also continuing its soar skywards , hitting a barrel before sliding back to below .
pyongyang has objected to joint u . s . south korea military exercises , named foal eagle , which began early this month and will continue till april , saying they are a rehearsal for invasion .
joining us from the capitol is the ap s john belmont that s where obama will be sworn in , in about two hours .
jabr spoke as the us warned the baghdad government not to let sectarian militias take over detention centers .
a communist chinese envoy in south korea was summoned to hear the complaint , and the south korean embassy in beijing also complained to the chinese foreign ministry .
some conservatives have lost faith in republican running mate sarah palin after her sit down with katie couric , but not her parents
a helicopter carrying a santa claus to distribute gifts at a christmas party came under fire when it flew over a rio shantytown , authorities said wednesday .
lawmakers say that means the proposal is dead for now , but republicans vow to get the initiative back on track sometime in the future .
she allowed herself one shot each day , with only one piece of instant film .
germany became the first team to successfully defend the women s world cup when they beat brazil , with goals from birgit prinz and simone laudehr in shanghai .
according to kalfin , the deal includes treatments for infected children and humanitarian assistance for their parents . tripoli and the eu were also to begin discussions on the normalization of political relations .
about percent of soybeans are exported . they re not exported in argentine pesos , they re exported in euros , in dollars . but the costs are argentine costs .
then we pop into the maritime museum for a look at kotor s seafaring past .
this can cause a person to forget his or her children .
now u . s . stocks are still fighting their way through and questions about managed results .
they remained in control of the base late wednesday .
the latest diplomatic efforts to dissuade the north from a test came yesterday , when shinzo abe , japan s new prime minister , met president hu jintao of china .
and filmmakers still haven t figured out how to make instant messaging visually interesting .
obama accepted her apology , according to david axelrod , the top political strategist for the obama campaign .
airline spokesman wolfgang weber said the left winglet , a fin at the end of the wing scraped the ground after a gust of wind tipped the plane .
a tsunami warning was issued for the south pacific coast after the quake hit , but was canceled within an hour .
the paper quoted political observers as saying yesterday that roh had put off the nomination of kim hyuk kyu , his favorite candidate for the job , after considering its possible negative impact on the ruling uri party s chances of winning the elections .
as they marched to a citigroup inc . bank branch and burned an effigy of bush .
he said the longtime kurdish leader s departure from iraq for jordan s capital amman should not be interpreted as an indication that his health is grave .
it may be forced to file for bankruptcy court protection in the fourth quarter coming due in the fourth quarter and insufficient access to capital markets to cover the payments .
a poultry cull is under way in van to try to contain the virus outbreak .
in najaf , another spokesman said the order included suspending the taking up of arms against occupiers , as well as others .
it turned out that sandler , a medical device salesman , had more than cabin fever .
the u . s . officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with civilians dead and others wounded .
he got on with it , he knocked the bugger off , he did kindly good works in nepal , he could turn his hand to being high commissioner in delhi , but above all he remained good old ed , unpretentious and decent . . .
why the hurry to accomplish such a herculean feat ?
we cannot confirm that to be the case , but rather just the opposite .
ghiberti gee bare tee , pronounced with a hard g is , in a way , the artist behind the masters .
turn down the lights for earth hour tomorrow night .
business leaders have also issued a statement calling on the court to annul the vote , paving the way for early elections .
russia is moving from a totalitarian regime to democracy , he said , but it is only halfway there .
he was being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support , but police who have said they want to question him further had been unable to locate him .
the government condemns every attempt to interfere with the ceremony for the lighting of the olympic flame through actions that have no relation at all with the olympic spirit , said evangelos antonaros , greece s junior government spokesman .
in another development , iraq s prime minister says he plans to release , prisoners .
the nbc series set in a chicago emergency room debuted in and became a huge hit , making a star of george clooney .
there is also plenty of music and food available for visitors after jazz fest closes each day for those with the energy remaining to do more .
currently the dow is up points .
it is a difficult time for all of us but we have accepted his regret and apology , she told bernama .
communist china has indefinitely postponed the release of an environmental report on the costs of economic development .
a woman who died of lung disease five months after the september , attacks has been added to the medical examiner s list of attack victims .
figures showed that us consumer confidence has fallen to a near two year low , while house prices have seen the sharpest drop in years .
during talks with his counterpart in tokyo , ban said the people of south korea were disappointed by prime minister junichiro koizumi s actions .
steven spielberg paid amy irving million after she successfully contested their prenuptial agreement following nearly four years of marriage .
qari yousef ahmadi , who claims to speak for the hard line islamist taliban , said they had been contacted by afghanistan s deputy interior minister , maj . gen . muhammad munir mangal , who said the government would make a decision regarding the militants demands by noon friday .
a year old new jersey woman has an ambitious new year s resolution
in the inward looking economies of china and india in the s , s and s , directed lending and industrial planning were a disaster .
sen . john mccain monday faulted sen . barack obama for downplaying the threat from iran and again called the democratic front runner s judgment reckless , the latest jabs in a foreign policy fight that could continue to the general election .
formerly principal deputy assistant secretary of state for east asia and the pacific , stephens would be the first female ambassador to represent the u . s . in south korea .
google is now working on a mobile search engine customized for korean cell phones , and the first product will have its debut next month .
monterrey , mexico cnn manuel uribe , who once weighed a half ton but has slimmed down to about pounds , celebrates his rd birthday wednesday with a simple wish for the coming year to be able to stand on his own two feet to get married .
both sides shared the objective of providing children around the world with the use of new technology , but olpc had asked intel to end our support for non olpc platforms , including the classmate pc , and to focus on the olpc platform exclusively , mulloy said .
that s the ap s carlotta bradley .
bush s comments come a day after a summit at the u . s . naval academy in annapolis , maryland , in which israeli and palestinian leaders agreed on a framework for future peace talks .
the south korean government is alarmed by signs the north is pushing ahead with its nuclear weapons program .
north korea , in its first reaction to evidence south korean scientists conducted tests to enrich uranium , has accused seoul of accelerating a nuclear arms race in northeast asia .
i want to face the people and prove my innocence , he said , adding , ma ying jeou won t be knocked down .
a gunman who killed five girls in an attack on a pennsylvania amish school told his wife he had molested two young members of his family years ago .
and in that spirit , let s come together , because i want more than anything else to ensure that our family stays together on the front lines of the struggle to expand rights for all americans .
kotor s narrow streets have yet to catch the morning sun , so there s a slight chill in the air as we begin to scale the , stone steps to the top .
regardless of how hard you try , you may never win an oscar or make it to the pros .
kim said he searched for his son , visiting police stations and orphanages , but his efforts were in vain .
and david letterman on the cbs late show .
after military dictatorship an anarchic situation developed , which the terrorists and osama bin laden have exploited , she told cnn s wolf blitzer .
hamas won last year s elections largely on a promise to clean up fatah s corruption .
the democratic party s share of the vote means it will most likely have to form a coalition government .
catholic institutes have entered teams in the clericus cup , fielding athletes from countries including the united states , brazil , papua new guinea and rwanda .
u . s . attorneys are political appointees who serve at the pleasure of the president .
through his untiring efforts and good results , he has shown what role mediation of various kinds can play in the resolution of international conflicts .
attorneys for oscar winning film director roman polanski are asking a california court to dismiss a year old sex offense case against him , claiming prosecutorial and judicial misconduct .
this is brown s first visit to iraq since becoming prime minister in june .
russia and other nations can also play a constructive role ,
those treating the employee faced no risk , said dr . john watson , the chief of respiratory illnesses for britain s health protection agency .
ciganer albeniz had tried to keep her wedding plans secret but word leaked out earlier this month when versace announced that the couple had chosen the milan fashion house to dress them for their nuptials .
sarkozy directed his impassioned appeal to the leader of the farc rebels , manuel marulanda , to release the french colombian politician .
fears of recession continued to cause turbulent swings in stock markets worldwide thursday .
the town , which serves as a distribution hub for dhl express , has seen most of those jobs go away , and even more will be lost this summer , when the shipping company leaves the city .
other couples enter into relationships with so so chemistry because they think they re in love and overlook key differences , says klein .
hiranyakit said when protesters closed phuket airport tourist arrivals at it and nearby resorts plummeted by percent .
the pro government party lawmakers joined the attack on the frontrunner by urging lee to resign from the candidacy .
the top united nations human rights watchdog passed resolutions thursday criticizing conditions in cuba and north korea , but russia and china avoided censure .
eh well , it s halloween
the insurance colossus deemed too big to fail is reporting a record quarterly loss for an american company ?
keeping percent of what she recovers .
the full interview was to be broadcast later wednesday .
jet captain reported ufo sighting
kaesong , north korea ap a steel propaganda tower stood forlorn , a symbol of north korean anachronism .
interpol based in lyon , france issued a red notice in the case . that is a request to police anywhere to help track her down and extradite her to iraq .
as the bard once said , revenge is a dish best served cold , and when i want revenge developed a hot spot on his left front ankle , the horse s owner , trainer and doctor decided not to allow the to favorite to take his full measure on the rest of the field in today s kentucky derby .
tremors almost every hour are continuing to shake northern congo as the first food aid arrived in the region following last week s volcanic eruption .
jerusalem cnn at least two katyusha rockets fired from lebanon landed near the northern israeli town of kiryat shmona on sunday , police and israel defense forces said .
oil prices rose above a barrel for the first time thursday , with supply worries , global demand and an ever weakening u . s dollar driving crude futures up .
paying for sex with trafficked or exploited women would become a crime under new laws proposed by the uk government wednesday .
then she was off to virginia s restored th century capital .
the korea times reports the ruling uri party and two minor oppositions , the democratic labor party dlp and the millennium democratic party mdp , agreed thursday to jointly submit a bill to abolish the national security law , the half century old anticommunist apparatus of the capitalist south korea .
if it fails to reach escape velocity , it will crash back to earth .
in , ebadi was held in the same prison .
ohio residents removed piles of waterlogged carpet , couches and upended refrigerators from their homes sunday .
the year old russian finished second
musharraf made the announcement as he faces increasing political pressure to step down as the nation s military leader and to end a state of emergency he declared november .
they added the movement was not necessarily supportive of roh but rather against the lack of democracy in the national assembly s push for impeachment .
police said , people were on the streets during the peak of the demonstration , and said the total would have been higher .
tiger woods will miss the rest of the season because of surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left knee , an injury that has troubled him for last months despite winning nine of tournaments .
as of saturday , memphis has had nine straight days of triple digit temperatures .
the us wants to expand its missile defenses into eastern europe .
john decker of reuters found out the hard way when he reached down to pet barney on the south lawn .
until now , scientists have only been able to produce clones using cells from live animals .
the foreign ministry said in a statement
really , all he wants is a guest spot on the howard stern show .
a meteor , or shooting star , is usually the size of a pebble , or even a grain of sand , burning up in the atmosphere .
the national security council said it would strengthen safety measures to prevent future abductions or killings .
the technique intensifies the degree of absorption of certain pigments , such as those that are carbon based , which was the preferred material used for preparatory drawings during da vinci s era .
the books have been published in languages , sold more than million copies and spawned a film franchise that has pulled in . billion at the worldwide box office .
the italian rider has been accused of violating article . of the world anti doping agency wada code concerning use or attempted use of a prohibited substance or a prohibited method .
hong kong s hang seng index soared more than percent to close at , . points .
obama came out ahead in sunday s democratic caucuses in maine after wins in saturday s louisiana primary and democratic caucuses in nebraska , washington and the u . s . virgin islands .
the road is the first overland route linking the two koreas since they were divided in .
between insurance , gas and the depreciation of the car s value , lucas smith says the couple saves about a month .
it sets such a nasty precedent , using our landscapes just for advertisement , said paul miner , a planning campaigner .
that is nothing new .
a spokesman for the air force reserve fighter wing , karl lewis , said the error in the reporting resulted from an internal communications problem between offices at the base .
at this point in time , he continued , ms . hilton cannot effectively respond to examination as a witness or provide any significant input into her defense .
there , cnn will look to those most familiar with the virtual world the second life residents themselves to determine what constitutes news in world .
mark serreze , senior research scientist at nsidc , termed the decline astounding .
the vacuum pump was for a research and development project in taiwan and is not covered under japan s foreign exchange law , according to a nakano corporation official .
that woman voted early in tallahassee , florida .
a crocodile that took up residence in a lake at the th hole .
hindu scholars say there is nothing in the scriptures to oppose the cremation of babies , yet most parents still cling to a tradition which has grown up over centuries . city of the future ?
that was much better than her previous response , which included u . s . americans and mentions of south africa and the iraq .
a statement reminiscent of the rhetoric used by hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah , who spoke of a divine victory over israel in .
the german reporter and his afghan translator seized overnight in kunar province in eastern afghanistan were trying to reach a village in the saangar district , where civilians were reported to have been killed in a nato air strike two weeks ago .
president george w . bush proclaimed north korea a member of an axis of evil with iran and iraq , saying it was seeking weapons of mass destruction .
but they were surprised to find that pgc appeared to be converting type ii fast twitch fibers into type i slow twitch fibers .
australian naturalist and television personality steve irwin has been killed by a stingray during a diving expedition off the australian coast .
two more suspects charged regarding the madrid commuter train bomings .
liquid water is seen as a prerequisite for earth type life on a planet .
some of the biggest names in global finance say they have lost hundreds of millions of dollars in an alleged billion pyramid scheme that led to the arrest of a new york financier last week .
in the program , a sports insider testified that many of his fellow trainers said , having a sexual relationship is the first way to gain control of female athletes
the sides began agricultural talks at the government complex in kwachon , south of seoul , to narrow differences on farm issues including south korea s import of u . s . beef .
the claimed comments reflect similarities drawn by observers between middleton and the prince s mother , who died in a car crash after separating from prince charles .
the pro opposition joong ang ilbo reports president roh moo hyun , who was nearly impeached last year , offered to shorten his term on tuesday , if his idea for a coalition government is realized .
a native of the indo pacific region , the ostracion cubicus is surprisingly slick .
north korea is required under a february agreement to present a list of all its nuclear facilities , materials and programs by december .
the korea times reports only one justice , chun hyo sook , dismissed the petition .
a source close to the governor says incoming white house chief of staff rahm emanuel contacted the office about the appointment , but emanuel has refused comment .
followers of the movement say they have proof that their minister is divine and that their church will one day soon be a major faith in the world .
baiji is about miles kilometers north of baghdad .
we have calculated its orbit several decades into the future and it does not threaten earth .
at the nali mall in the sanlitun bar district , you ll find a warren of tiny boutiques selling clothes , shoes and jewelry .
ibf champion wladimir klitschko and wbo titleholder sultan ibragimov will fight february at madison square garden to unify two of the four heavyweight world titles .
barack obama s already approaching million .
efense chiefs from south korea and the united states are expected to reach an agreement on the timetable for the transfer of wartime operational control during their talks in washington .
the iaea chief said that the next step was to verify the shutdown of other nuclear facilities and then disable them , something he warned could be a complicated process .
will it be sold or merged into other databases available to insurance companies , credit bureaus , marketers and law enforcement agencies ?
los angeles , california ap a lawyer for one of three men claiming to be the father of anna nicole smith s baby asked a judge tuesday to order the late playboy model s partner , howard k . stern , to come to california and provide a dna sample .
the latest explanation friday by pakistan s interior ministry said bhutto , , died from a fractured skull after hitting her head on a piece of the vehicle .
but after visiting the two countries in july , he warned they could be stripped of euro because essential infrastructure work was lagging .
off the record stops or otrs have been common .
president george w . bush and afghan president hamid karzai agreed monday that they would make no concessions to the taliban to win freedom for the south koreans , reuters reported .
the flight , which lasted more than an hour took a series of dramatic dives , allowing the professor to experience second spurts of weightlessness .
security experts say the cleric is a founding member of regional islamic militant group jemaah islamiah .
he said had a love affair with radio
clinton will officially end her campaign for the presidency by the end of the week , sources said .
riots have broken out in egypt , haiti , yemen , bangladesh and other nations in response to the rising price of food , which has gone up percent internationally over the past year , a white house official said .
that is approximately , tons .
the strike halted production at an audi plant in brussels because two trains carrying parts from slovakia were unable to complete the trip , audi spokesman graeme lisle said .
the researchers scanned the brains of couples together for years and compared them with results from new lovers , the sunday times said .
though carter has not officially endorsed a candidate and made no such announcement on sunday , he hinted last week that he is going to vote for obama .
the militants kidnapped south koreans on july as they travelled by bus on the main kandahar to kabul highway .
in a fax , kim said she plans to hold a press conference at her office in los angeles wednesday to disclose copies of the documents she sent to south korea .
about , coal miners died in accidents during the first half of , the reuters news service reported . earlier this month , coal miners were rescued in the central province of henan after being trapped underground for three days by flooding caused by heavy rain , reuters reported .
but the experts say too much guilt
so does karima s family .
besides the adt , other events not continuing over sponsorship issues include the fields open in hawaii and ginn tribute in south carolina .
the rumors regarding reasons and events leading up to the alleged abduction of him and his wife to pyongyang still abound .
despite aggressive treatment and a crusading spirit , reagan died last week at home .
the korea times reports the constitutional court on monday started reviewing the special law on capital relocation immediately after a group filed a petition questioning the constitutionality of the law .
phuket deputy governor worapot ratthaseema said people had been taken to hospital .
it picks up the signals of brain cells as they generate commands to move and converts those into directional signals for the robotic arm , which the monkeys eventually used as a surrogate for their own .
two more disney ships will launch in and .
the yemeni government asked nato to assist in searching for survivors on jabal al tair island , which lacks a settled population but includes military installations .
malaysia has charged ethnic indians with attempted murder in connection with an anti discrimination rally last month , the defendants lawyer has said .
the democratic leaders in congress would like to see an expansion of the billion bailout package to include car companies .
there will obviously be a number of passengers who will delayed as the airport plays catch up .
his comments , when reported , are generally seen as still able to move markets .
i may have used some improper words while i was trying to talk open mindedly with court staff , lee said in a speech to judges at seoul district courts .
on aug , unification minister chung dong young said that if pyongyang returns to the agreed conditions of the non proliferation treaty , it would be qualified to have a civilian nuclear program .
it was the second major attack on the town is as many days .
talks on north korea s nuclear ambitions appear to have stalled , delegates meeting in beijing have said .
south korean firm hynix agreed to pay a m fine while german chipmaker infineon reached a m settlement .
he was not apologetic at all , says a u . s . official , but assertive , aggressive about it .
lee claimed the case was sparked by angry franchisees and said he would appeal the case when he goes to court .
prime minister goh expressed his resignation .
buyers came from china and japan , with the chinese buying nearly . tons and the japanese buying . tons , said wijnstekers , who spoke to cnn from the auction in the namibian capital of windhoek .
but the world s food supply , especially in northern areas , could increase . that s the likely outcome around , according to the draft .
gore shared the stage with the film s director and executive producer , davis guggenheim , who said the producers were inspired by gore s fight for years to tell this truth to all of us .
a rare tornado sliced through a town in southern china , killing two people and ripping the roofs off hundreds of homes , the official xinhua news agency reported on sunday .
mary brogan , , from dublin , has been planning this trip for over a year with her husband and five friends .
it let me know that i must be a mother .
however the share price fell , as analysts commented that the good news was already priced in and noted news that the company said its heavily marketed premium light beer in the united states would not now break even in as it had earlier hoped .
the national tax service said yesterday that it will impose million won of deferred taxes on five foreign funds , which the tax authority claims have abused tax treaty codes .
we had planned to show the original side contracts to you reporters , but changed the plan after hearing news early this morning . she said according to the news , prosecutors are asking the former seoul mayor to submit his signature in his own handwriting so that they can compare it with the ones on documents which kim handed over as evidence .
for the gnp , the parliamentary majority successfully deterred roh from presenting a motion for constitutional revision to the national assembly this week as planned .
but franchise centers are hard to find , and most believe the blazers got one .
and for me to be able to bring a patriots fan to the meadowlands the day after the super bowl is like bringing the lion and the lamb together , obama said .
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari , interviewed by cnn , said the march meeting will serve as an ice breaker to help reduce tensions .
in an overall positive assessment of beijing s preparations , an ioc inspection team said air quality was a leading concern and it was monitoring the situation .
cheetahs are a threatened species and are declining in number in the areas they inhabit .
five tibetans were arrested for deadly arson attacks stemming from the anti china riots that erupted this month , china s government announced monday .
art hogan of jefferies and company says , yeah , we could be near a bottom in the stock market .
a growing number appear ready to follow lugar s and voinovich s lead .
his fascination with native americans started when he did his military service in mexico , le clezio told the magazine .
the report also accused the government of planning to tamper with ballots and voter lists , intimidate opposition candidates and misuse u . s . made equipment to monitor communications of opponents .
his brother , larry ingrassia , edits the business section of the new york times .
it also secured an arrest warrant against robert clements , the former chief of hermes investment s emerging market management on charges of reaping unfair gains from trading in samsung corp .
urbani had identified the mysterious disease in an american businessman who had been admitted to a hospital in hanoi , where he later died .
the old bailey jury said police chief cressida dick , who led the operation , bore no personal culpability .
canberra said the measures would target individuals , including top military figures and cabinet ministers .
but basically , we don t allow english teaching visas to foreigners who come from nations where , although english is used as an official language , it is not the native tongue . according to visa regulations , only native english speaking nationals with a bachelor s degree or above are eligible for the english teaching visa .
users talk and listen to callers via a microphone earpiece connected by a thin wire .
let us teach the kids and you go off and enjoy yourselves , he insists .
wednesday s missile launches by north korea have shocked south koreans with some , including civic activists , expressing deep concern about the future of the korean peninsula .
thus , this morning s operation must first and foremost be seen as a preventive measure where the aim has been to stop a crime from being committed .
the case is similar to a recent alleged sexual assault of a year old girl involving a u . s . marine on the southern japanese island of okinawa .
he moved to bahrain after being acquitted .
plans for two supersonic business jets are circulating at the paris air show this week , a measure of how far the market has recovered from a slump after the attacks of sept . , .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
unification minister chung dong young said monday that north korea presented a roadmap toward its ultimate abandonment of nuclear weapons during the initial stage of the fifth round of the six nation talks , which recessed last week in beijing .
both countries agreed that a secure and stable iraq was in their interests .
mattel recalled millions of toys over the summer .
birds amazing variety of beak styles is integral to the study of evolution .
starbucks said percent of the stores slated to be closed had opened since the start of the fiscal year .
italian state tv has shown footage of the smashed , black car being hoisted out of the water .
copyright the associated press all rights reserved
he blamed the main opposition grand national party gnp , which he said is in self contradiction with regard to the policy objective , pursued in the s by the roh tae woo and kim young sam administrations , predecessors of the gnp .
louis city alderman wants people to arm themselves to protect their lives and property .
pakistan s government has concluded bhutto s assassination was orchestrated by baitullah mesud , the leader of the pakistani taliban who has ties to al qaeda a conclusion the cia supports .
the landslides were spied by the mars reconnaissance orbiter during a routine tracking of seasonal changes .
a graduate student using a robotic telescope that was part of the texas supernova search project first detected sn gy on september , .
shi s legal challenge is part of a lawsuit filed earlier by the world organization for human rights usa .
that s why she s pressing congress and the white house to support a financial bailout for the industry .
sitting around the table or on the phone were lawyers representing smith , stern , and smith s former lover larry birkhead .
the hariri parliamentary faction and other pro government groups have accused hezbollah of doing syria s bidding .
thailand is at the center of an international manhunt , and authorities in the country , in co operation with interpol and police around the world , are hunting him down , interpol s secretary general , ronald k . noble , said in a statement .
nadal , the defending indian wells champion , avenged his lopsided loss in melbourne with a scrappy victory in the fourth round of the pacific life open .
greenpeace actions are illegal under international law and it s time the public stopped treating greenpeace as heroes , glenn inwood , spokesman for the institute of cetacean research , in tokyo , japan , said monday .
krosa came ashore as a typhoon in china s zhejiang and fujian provinces , but weakened and was soon downgraded to a tropical storm , the official xinhua news agency said .
, more americans out of work , to be exact .
then the day came when she was able to break the good news to ausnes .
one reason behind the tightening of the race appears to be a drop in the number of people who think mccain , if elected , will mostly carry out president bush s policies .
improved ties between the two sides made the delivery of the pandas possible , xinhua reported .
dutch reports put the transfer fee at euro million million .
the musical has played around the world , from asia to australia to south america , grossing more than . billion worldwide .
it s critical that it happen as soon as possible , because it does take a little time to get the bit process underway , to get the contracts approved , to get the jobs created and the work done , and the tax revenue flowing into the state treasuries .
turkey has said its patience has run out over the handling of kurdish rebels based in northern iraq .
during his stay in israel , bush called on israeli and palestinian leaders to make painful concessions in reaching a peace agreement including dismantling terrorist infrastructure and ending israel s occupation of palestinian territory .
police said a teenage baby sitter was supposed to be watching the children , who were from two families but all related , while their parents were out for the night .
most are unaware of yi s campaign .
this could be the toughest battle yet between labor and management , as the labor movement recently gained some legislative backing with the democratic labor party s successful showing in the parliamentary elections .
he travels in armored lexuses and bmws , he says , for his safety .
travolta for the earnest , lovable dog star teen icon and devoted pet owner cyrus as a dog loving young actress
chief us negotiator , christopher hill , was unable to confirm the north s offer , but he did describe the talks as open and substantive , saying there had been a lot of agreement around the table about what needs to be done in this phase .
the attack occurred saturday when a bomb was hurled over a wall surrounding the luna caprese restaurant , an outdoor cafe frequented by westerners , journalists and diplomats .
the parliament said it condemns the aggressions by the u . s . army , particularly in iraq and afghanistan and calls on the united nations to intervene in the global problem of u . s . prisons in guantanamo bay , abu ghraib and secret jails in other countries , irna reported , quoting a statement from iranian lawmakers .
ban urged a peaceful resolution , but made it clear there were no plans for un intervention .
after repeated denials , the foreign ministry later acknowledged that two ministry officials had received phone calls from a foreign news agency about the case .
abdullah has been widely criticized for his low key leadership style , at a time when the government is confronting strong public disenchantment .
a failure of one of the big three could also cause a string of bankruptcies among suppliers .
she asks , a smile brightening her freckled face .
i ve always been interested in people . it s part of being a novelist , really , part of the job , she said .
he said north koreans do not enjoy the freedom that south koreans take as given .
once works so well by keeping it simple .
u . s . officials told cnn they believe some of the suspects were recruited by al qaeda while they were living in the middle east .
police were called to owen wilson s home because of an attempted suicide report , according to a police log of weekend calls .
the company , which has been losing market share to rivals such as market leader nokia due to a lack of advanced phones and tough price competition , had said in april that it would announce additional cost cutting plans by june .
the police statement identified her only by her initials , a . d .
you can ignore the criticism or try to positively counteract it .
the nec will finalize voter lists by april , and send voting guidelines and candidate publicity materials to voters by april .
michelle obama turned the campaign trail into a runway this year , sporting eye catching colors and feminine cuts that sent fashion bloggers buzzing .
the announcement came as nations finalize reports to the un on imposing sanctions against north korea .
we ll enjoy the night but the season is very long . . . today we had a bit of luck .
in their third visit since the government revealed the laboratory tests early september , five officials from the international atomic energy agency iaea will look around two nuclear research facilities , possibly gathering additional samples and interviewing scientists .
it calls for israelis and palestinians to live side by side in separate states .
scores of people have been hospitalized with severe burns and respiratory problems , state run television reported .
fifteen u . s . house members asked president bush tuesday not to attend the olympic games in beijing to protest china s human rights records .
bent said on the web site that god revealed to him in that he is the messiah .
he remains in exile in britain .
cnn saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his capture .
an interior ministry spokesman said police in the province of styria acted on a warrant issued in to arrest him last friday .
tsang , however , announced the decision during a televised press conference early saturday .
after the release of the two french aid workers only the liberation of their afghan companions could put an end to this painful episode , he said .
lin pokes through the rubbish with a machete .
speaking on tuesday in japan , al maliki said achievements and victories on the ground not timetables should determine the departure of international forces from his war torn country .
marriage and motherhood aren t in the cards for clarkson not right now , anyway .
they have flowers , they say my husband sent them to me , and , besides , they were young kids , said nieves , whose husband was out at the time of the november robbery .
rafael nadal became the first player since to win four consecutive monte carlo titles with a straight sets win over great rival roger federer .
quiet riot hit the top of the charts with its album , metal health , considered by some sources as the first heavy metal album to hit no . .
his death was an extremely sad loss for his family , friends and all those that care for him but no doubt a welcome relief from the prison he felt his body had become and the day to day fear and loathing of his living existence , as a result of which he took his own life .
violence in nigeria , algeria and pakistan , the weak us dollar and the threat of cold weather have all raised prices after the new year break .
the victims were found last night on the top floor of a family home on the city s west side
the demonstration extended across a wide stretch of hong kong island and took six and a half hours before everybody could file past government headquarters .
club was cast into doubt and new coach bernd schuster made it clear that he did not feature in his plans .
model was also ordered to pay to each of the police officers she attacked and to miles sutherland , the captain of the british airways plane she disrupted , in addition to a , fine .
asked about reports that the transition team already has identified a number of areas where obama could issue executive orders as soon as he takes office , john podesta said he would not preview decisions that obama has yet to make .
a tight contest with an exciting finish involving a team that was attempting to make history as the nfl s first unbeaten team since . but the giants ended new england s bid for perfection , .
communist china dealt a crushing blow to hong kong s hopes for full democracy monday , when its most powerful legislative panel ruled the territory won t have direct elections for its next leader in or for all its lawmakers in .
in they asked more for development programs than emergency .
she keeps the toast in a tupperware container in her bedroom .
rice acknowledged that colombia is still wracked by violence related to its half century civil conflict , but she said as a staunch ally and caretaker in the war on drugs , the country deserves continued u . s . support .
the dust storms have become more deadly each year as they pass over china s industrial zones picking up toxins .
the political deal could help end a spate of violence that has occurred in the country since a disputed election in december .
trade unions , activists and civic groups joined ordinary citizens , some carrying banners denouncing communist china .
good boss position on feedback
what s he got that you don t ?
tourist entries at lima s jorge chavez international airport increased from , in to more than . million last year , according to peru s foreign trade and tourism ministry , thanks in part to an award winning publicity campaign launched two years ago .
we don t think that the international spread of this virus can be stopped
reports said police searched a number of hotel rooms used as offices by the mdc .
education ministry authorities say they have heard no such reports .
speaking to reporters at the close of an international security conference here , gates said the myanmar representative at the forum did not seem interested in speaking with him .
yakima county sheriff ken irwin described the crash scene as horrific .
in cities such as hanoi , beijing and shanghai , the story is much the same .
he raised million in march , compared with clinton s million , according to the latest campaign finance reports .
polyakov , the historian , said there is one thing he has never really figured out about stalin
seven premier league clubs are in the hands of foreign owners
israeli police said two rockets had fallen on a christian area of haifa called stella maris .
the report said sarkozy gave a heart shaped , pink diamond ring to bruni as a sign of their engagement in december , less than a month after they met .
it goes , what do bill clinton and new zealand have in common ?
we found a male dead body of a south korean who has got bullet holes in his body , bullet holes from head to toe , said provincial police chief gen . ali shah ahmadzai .
originally designed as a military tool for the united states department of defense dod , the fiber optic invention is revolutionizing the ways surgeons carry out brain surgeries .
with the inauguration of a conservative south korean president just over a month away , north korea has suspended inter korean talks scheduled for today and tomorrow , the unification ministry said yesterday .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id
for a th consecutive month but it was the smallest decline in a year , thus strengthening hopes for a turnaround south korea has been one of the few bright spots because of its resilient domestic consumption .
but with nani , ryan giggs and paul scholes all quick to offer support to the argentine , there initially seemed little doubt united would have more than enough firepower to overcome a stuttering city .
even before the spate of recent death , japan had one of the highest rates of suicide in the world .
it s out there , it s just a matter of liberating it , giving incentives to companies , removing the barriers to rolling out new technologies and changes in the system to make it all work .
currently , the constitution calls for an elected official to step down and wait a year before seeking a third term .
in las vegas , nevada , the members of the dallas cowboys football team were turned in for registration , including the quarterback tony romo and the wide receiver terrell owens .
australian prime minister john howard has denied involvement in a decision to ban a graphic that tracks audience s opinion during a live tv election debate .
we must give the plan for winning the military component of the war in iraq a real chance to succeed , said mcconnell , r kentucky .
cnn myanmar s defense minister said sunday his government broadcast warnings before a deadly cyclone hit the country last month and it has acted promptly since then in providing relief .
at least died and another were injured when explosives packed in a bus detonated outside a restaurant near a court in baquba , north of the capital .
korea s quarantine committee yesterday postponed for two weeks a decision on whether to resume imports of u . s . beef .
there were no official reports of casualties in the attack .
every mercy killing case must be filed at a special commission that would decide if the doctors in charge have obeyed regulations .
either way , he said , it would not affect the gastroenterologists holiday dinner plans we don t get fazed by much .
i have selected a squad of players as i think it is important that all the players are equal from the beginning .
last wednesday , a court commissioner suspended spears visitation rights with her children until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex husband , kevin federline .
the overall slush funds are estimated at more than billion won million .
a british tv channel was scheduled to air a controversial documentary wednesday night showing a terminally ill man committing assisted suicide .
his return is expected to bring about a fresh phase to the presidential election , as the businessman , currently in jail for embezzlement , is allegedly linked to grand national party gnp presidential candidate lee myung bak .
chris foley , flemington s juvenile officer .
scientists in italy have discovered , year old tracks that may be the oldest known footprints made by stone age man .
campbell was ordered to appear at a west london magistrates court june .
marca said diarra could be out for up to six months , meaning he would miss the rest of the spanish season .
one argument says a tax would crimp demand , lowering wholesale prices .
rather , it s the catfights , blatant scheming , tears and rejection .
the clear , shallow water of grand cayman s north sound teems with southern stingrays .
the rev . al sharpton applauded the imus firings as a victory in the battle against abuse of the airwaves .
ducat has been described as very kind and helpful to other people , miranda said , adding , he s one of those people who helped children go through pre school in the local area .
libya agreed tuesday to pay million to some victims of a bloody terror bombing at a berlin disco nearly two decades ago , making another step in libyan leader mohammar gadhafi s effort to rebuild relations with the west .
uropean car makers have described plans to force them to cut back on harmful exhaust emissions as unbalanced and damaging .
they will play the detroit pistons in the second round .
the soap moved through the heart s blood vessels , dissolving existing cells , which dropped out of the bottom .
the wartime commander of the bosnian muslim army said on monday he would surrender next week to the u . n . war crimes court , which has indicted him over atrocities by foreign islamic fighters in the war .
chung s latest rating stood at slightly over percent .
north korea scored twice in her absence .
at a recent kindergarten graduation ceremony , young girls smiled behind their brightly colored princess dresses and the boys showed off their best dress shirts .
nicknamed little sweetie by the local media and known for her flamboyant dresses and braided pigtails , wang , , was thrust into the hong kong limelight in the s after the abduction of her husband teddy , who was then hong kong s th wealthiest man commanding a fortune worth some hk . billion .
the federal charges against the governor include an accusation that he was scheming to sell obama s senate seat .
the newspaper reported on its web site wednesday and in its print edition thursday that aides to mccain s presidential campaign were so worried about the relationship they confronted mccain and the lobbyist , vicki iseman .
the bridge fell feet , about six stories , into the river .
the joong ang ilbo reports anti japan sentiment is spreading quickly in china over japan s new textbooks that are criticized for whitewashing and glorifying japan s past colonization .
as a writer , that is candace bushnell s gift .
sen . hillary clinton on tuesday said sen . barack obama had become frustrated by his losses in new hampshire and nevada , and she also accused her opponent of not backing up his words with action .
investigators at a police station in the southeastern industrial city of ulsan initially arrested three suspects , but saturday arrested another nine of the suspects after victims and their families protested .
tebow s the man and florida fans are overjoyed .
spanned the front page of colombia s largest daily , el tiempo .
the global economy has shown resilience to the strains in the core of the financial system , which has intensified in recent weeks , citigroup s charts , fortune economic and market analysis group said .
this technology can be applied very widely , nishimura said . i m looking forward to a time when this robot will give beauty facials at spas .
i said , come home and we ll talk about it .
it s the kind of transformation the big green energy spending in his stimulus plan is designed to support , but iowans might be forgiven for thinking there s another motive for today s visit
unity director robert boulos told reuters news agency that gibbons was arrested sunday at her home on school grounds after a number of parents made a complaint to sudan s ministry of education .
it signifies the start of the international olympic torch relay and in keeping with the rest of the beijing olympics preparations it s on a grand scale .
china again rejected a japanese proposal that both sides jointly explore gas fields near a disputed maritime border in the east china sea , a japanese official told kyodo news agency .
representatives of leading foreign business organizations in south korea tuesday urged the nation s anti corruption agency to come up with tighter measures to eradicate corruption and help improve investment and business conditions here .
reagan scoffed at the assertions of his one time chief of staff don regan that the president and his wife , nancy , had relied on astrological advice in connection with reagan s stewardship of national affairs .
he suffered a stroke in .
when mr wei refused the chengguan s demands that he delete the footage , he was beaten to death on the spot , according to witnesses cited by the xinhua news agency .
television new zealand said there were no reported injuries and that despite suffering minor damage , gisborne hospital was operating normally .
the official did not release the victims names or the extent of their injuries but said the department is in contact with them .
i had never played very well here in miami , said davydenko .
along with a separate strike against the prime minister an hour later , the events plunged east timor into fresh crisis just six years after it voted to break free from decades of brutal indonesian rule .
more than percent of portuguese say they are catholic .
north korea has confirmed it has received m following a funding row that had hindered progress on a nuclear disarmament deal .
he said the helicopter crashed near bhawasa , about kilometers miles east of kathmandu .
state prosecutors have indicted four koreans on charges of attempting to leak wireless broadband internet technology to the united states .
los angeles , california cnn massive dogs belonging to mission impossible star ving rhames attacked and killed a live in caretaker at the actor s los angeles home friday , police said .
indonesia , the country hardest hit by bird flu , signed a preliminary deal wednesday with u . s . drug manufacturer baxter healthcare to develop a human bird flu vaccine .
the renaming of takei was approved by the international astronomical union s committee on small body nomenclature .
not only is barry bonds going to the all star game in his home ballpark , he ll be in the starting lineup .
during one such break tuesday , jack giacaman , , hurried to finish carving olive wood nativity figures he promised he d have for a priest by christmas .
turning your clock back on sunday may be good for your heart .
and do not let a child have a computer in his or her bedroom . halpert equates that to giving a child to a complete stranger and walking away .
kenny miller scored a memorable debut goal from meters out to give derby a first premier league win of the season against newcastle and lift them off the bottom of the table .
the state house has impeached blagojevich , who says he ll fight on .
an u . s . government auditor said the army should withhold some payments to halliburton .
i have a friend who works at a silicon valley company that is in deep trouble and is about to go through its second round of layoffs .
the dow jones industrial average rose . points , or . percent , to , . .
local investors dollar selling spree spurred the hike in the won , coming a day ahead of a u . s . federal reserve meeting that is expected to cut interest rates further , experts say .
rescuers earlier found at least survivors and at least dead from a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , the philippine information agency said monday .
the suspect has worked here as an instructor at private language schools in seoul , gyeonggi , jeolla and gyeongsang provinces since fleeing the united states while on bail .
meanwhile , the announcement was greeted with celebrations in south korea , where families have been waiting anxiously for news of their loved ones .
markets bounce on trillion dollar bailout
the general accounting office has been trying documenting closed door meetings of the white house s energy task force .
heavy fighting between the shia mehdi army , led by radical shia cleric moqtada sadr , has continued in basra for a third day , with violence in other parts of southern iraq .
i m supporting her in all the ways that i can .
the former chinese embassy building on the site will be demolished and the new building is slated to be completed by , according to plans submitted by the embassy to the city government .
nuri al maliki gave the ultimatum a day after clashes erupted in the southern oil port city and baghdad between iraqi and u . s . security forces and fighters aligned with the mehdi army the militia of hard line shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
then , it s lunch with the president , the president , the president , and the president .
analysts had on average forecast a group wide ebit loss of million euros and a net loss of million euros .
my client is her mother .
in the republican address , wyoming senator john barrasso says the white house is ignoring an energy supply that could be used alongside wind and solar power
ill health has forced him to delegate easter ceremonies to his cardinals for the first time in his long papacy .
it also had to make sure that women and minorities had representation on the loya jirga .
lewis said the planes were from the th fighter squadron based at the reserve base outside of fort worth , texas .
she raves about her parents , crediting them with fostering her sense of humor .
major asian markets recovered from an early swoon tuesday with investors in japan leading an afternoon turnaround by snapping up stocks that had been battered in recent weeks .
it also demanded a national assembly inspection of the suspicion .
president bush s opponents are raising their own worst fears , including the potential for more wars during a second bush term .
in the few areas where patrols are possible , trees again cover entire mountainsides .
ko san , a year old computer science engineer , will be south korea s first astronaut to travel into space on a russian made rocket on april .
the rooms surround a courtyard guarded by pedro , a parrot with a penchant for giving besitos little kisses to female guests , from .
their bodies absorb some of the medication , but the rest of it passes through and is flushed down the toilet .
the state party s leaders have been seeking a way to have florida s delegation seated at the democratic national convention .
when he first came and lived with us , he was in the fetal position and chewed his fingernails all the time , and was unemployed , and hopeless . after awhile , he got a job and came out of that , maruca kovac told cnn .
he pointed the finger at iran s elite al quds brigade , a unit of the revolutionary guards , saying that a senior commander from the brigade had been one of five iranians seized by us forces in a raid in the iraqi town of irbil in january .
dr . emmanuel gines said more than people were involved including staff and medical and nursing students from a nearby operating room .
the platform was adopted at the republican party s national convention held in new york .
coca cola is bottled in ramallah the palestinian administrative headquarters in the west bank , meaning a boycott could endanger jobs .
to hard core believers , as the folks with saucers in their eyes call themselves , this is their lourdes
the year old will serve his sentence in yatala prison near adelaide .
the inquest is examining the deaths of diana and her companion dodi fayed in paris , where the couple had been pursued by paparazzi .
lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant , was said to be buried in a shallow grave in a wooded residential area of onslow county , but her body had not yet been recovered , brown said .
a man accused of using a chain and pickup truck to yank a , pound atm from a market failed to escape police when his prosthetic leg fell off during the getaway .
u . n . high commissioner for refugees antonio guterres estimates as many as million iraqis have left their country since the war began , and another . million have moved within iraq as a result of increased sectarian violence .
in , there was a distinct shift downwards in the average ages of golfing champions .
the korea herald reports ministry and party members agreed to submit bills to the national assembly this year for the sweeping measures .
casinos , theme parks , and bollywood films or a mix of historic sites and local culture ?
chelsea striker didier drogba struck a second half winner against valencia to give manager avram grant his first victory in the champions league on wednesday night .
robert gershman , one of zapeta s attorneys , said federal prosecutors later offered his client a deal
iraq s interior ministry is regarded as dysfunctional and sectarian , and the national police should be disbanded and reorganized , according to an independent report obtained by cnn .
north korea declined to attend a meeting in september and was believed to be waiting to see whether bush was defeated for re election by democratic sen .
saniora , who is backed by a slim parliamentary majority and many foreign states such as france and the united states , has rejected the opposition s demands .
assessment of the death toll in conflict situations is extremely difficult and household survey results have to be interpreted with caution , said study co author mohamed ali , a who statistician quoted in a who news release about the study . however , in the absence of comprehensive death registration and hospital reporting , household surveys are the best we can do .
meanwhile , a top , , chinese communist foreign ministry official said a ship carrying weapons to zimbabwe might return to china .
let s cut taxes on capital gains
about , troops will reportedly be cut by .
let s go live to ap white house correspondent mark smith
more than people have been killed in a wave of attacks on buses , train stations and other public places since the start of the year .
daniel craig was sent to the hospital after suffering a minor hand injury while filming the latest james bond movie quantum of solace at pinewood studios near london .
balloting was set to continue through monday to determine who will lead italy s rd government since the end of world war ii .
another month of record declines in house prices .
the automaker says that s so much that its auditors will soon weigh in on whether they think the company is still a going concern .
political leaders cobbled together a five party interim government wednesday , ending days of political deadlock and acrimony that revealed how differently dutch speaking and francophone belgians see the future of their bilingual nation .
the state s democratic voters were sharply divided among racial lines , exit polls indicate .
the lebanese cabinet recently raised the minimum wage for employees like school bus drivers and trash collectors from a month to a month , and workers say that s insufficient , given rising prices for food and other commodities .
she left sudan on an emirates flight to london via dubai hours after the courts ruled she should be deported after completing her sentence .
many people were too scared to return to the coast amid more than two dozen aftershocks , including at least four of magnitude or stronger .
he also said turkey expected its neighbors to show solidarity and support for turkish endeavors for fighting against terrorism .
thousands of mourners took to the streets tuesday for the funerals of soldiers killed in an ambush sunday .
afghan army and police surrounded the taliban kidnappers while tribal elders tried to mediate between the militants and government negotiators , a kabul based western security analyst said .
but this is an all out war against hamas and its branches . barak s remarks to parliament came as israeli warplanes carried out a third day of strikes against the palestinian militant group that rules gaza .
an official at siem reap airport said of the passengers were from south korea and three were czech .
the handset uses google s android software and is being touted as a phone with the capability of a hand held computer .
three democrats and two republicans are virtually tied at the top , according to the latest cnn opinion research corp . poll , and last minute decisions from undecided voters could push a candidate to the head of the pack .
the sun is on the upswing of an year cycle .
indonesia , which has millions of backyard chickens , is a potential hotspot for a global bird flu pandemic , scientists have warned .
i think people want to make an inference , maj . gen . william caldwell said at a briefing .
prosecutor general choung sang myoung also expressed regret over lee s comments , aggravating the prosecution s touchy relationship with judges that started with last month s arrest of a seoul high court senior judge involved in a bribery scandal .
gibbons asked the children to pick a name for the bear as part of a lesson on animal habits at unity high school , pa said .
until now , banks around the world have refused to touch the money , which is alleged by the us to be the proceeds of drug smuggling and counterfeiting .
sheriff s department officials said evidence causes them to be concerned about lauterbach s disappearance , witn reported .
had the device exploded , damage would have been limited mostly to the car , the department said .
paramedics from cairns rushed to the scene but were unable to save him .
a postcard featuring a color drawing of santa claus and a young girl was mailed in , but its journey was slower than christmas .
both men s and women s singles champions will receive pound
the martyr was not able to reach his target . . . and detonated his belt amid bouteflika s security cordon , the statement said .
ferris does shoot terrorists when pressed , but he d sooner talk to them .
she was so pleased with how easy her hairy business deal was , she says she s planning on growing her hair out again and selling it on thehairtrader . com to help pay for her wedding .
a german owned freighter has been hijacked off the somali coast .
instead , rittenband sentenced polanski to prison , even though the chief prosecutor , a probation officer and the girl s family had recommended the contrary .
it is common for disgraced officials to commit suicide in china .
it suggests voters are souring the republican weeks before election day .
national assembly and nine other government institutes have been attacked by hackers .
a chrysler spokeswoman says the company will reach out and notify specific dealers before it has any more to say in public .
it cited the politically motivated prosecutors as the prime reason behind the collapse of the deal .
he identified the alleged victim as robert rosen , but declined to give more details because the investigation is ongoing .
whether barack obama or republican john mccain win the white house , the incoming president will inherit a deeply troubled economy and a record high budget deficit that could crimp his domestic agenda .
cnn science fiction writer arthur c . clarke , who co wrote the epic film
korea s performance in some other areas , however , is less impressive , with th place for indices for transparency and corruption , th for quality of life and th for inflation rate .
gloria park , a six year tour veteran , was another shot back at third , and a pair of tour rookies , kim joo mi and yim sung ah , finished fourth and tied for fifth , at under and under , respectively .
family members of a korean american businessman , indicted in south korea in a financial scandal he claimed involved the country s front running presidential candidate , suddenly canceled a news conference wednesday that they said they would provide proof of the candidate s guilt .
workers rebuilding a th century moscow house dug up the remains of nearly three dozen people , and investigators were trying to determine their identities , a city police official said thursday .
the accident has sparked suspicions that the chinese authorities , as well as the chinese ship , belatedly informed their south korean counterparts of the collision , to cover up the cause of the accident .
among the expected blockbusters national treasure and i am legend it finished a surprising third at the box office last weekend .
he has said he had no memory of the event .
although , he said , there s not much the u . s . can really do , given the fact that the iranians are in iran and will not be extradited by the authorities .
the move would be made under the billion wall street bailout passed by congress on friday .
the nation s largest snack maker , nongshim , made a public apology tuesday for one of its best selling items containing the head of a small rodent .
you re offering a prize of for the oddest celebration .
heading up to chicago , he electrifies that guitar and hooks up with leonard chess adrien brody , a nice jewish boy who s been looking to do something not so nice .
fans of his lighter side , though , may be glad to see his latest film is a comedy , yes man , which opens in theaters friday .
security officials told cnn turk that a car bomb was detonated by remote control during a military convoy s passage through a busy section of the city center .
and has resisted calls from congress and the iraq study group to engage with syria to try to stabilize iraq , saying such efforts have never borne fruit in the past .
domestic media reports yesterday echoed a korean broadcasting system report that chinese scholars would release a paper next month asserting that a large area of northern north korea is historically a part of china .
the suspect warned williams , get out my way , pimpin .
for the last year , the committee has been pushing a come early , stay late campaign .
in , soviet leader nikita khrushchev denounced stalin s cult of personality , and his body was removed from its place next to lenin in the red square mausoleum in .
the military is already struggling to fund a program to modernize its equipment and war fighting plans in preparation for the return of wartime military control of its armed forces from the u . s . military command in korea .
they warn that the project could worsen pollution by trapping sewage and industrial waste , and that a dam break could lead to catastrophic flooding .
worldwide , central banks have injected at least billion into their financial systems in the past hours in an effort to prevent a global liquidity crunch that has its roots in the riskiest end of the u . s . mortgage market .
in the past two presidential elections , pre election polling in pennsylvania showed strong support for democrats al gore and john kerry , but both candidates ended up carrying the state by narrow margins .
secretary of state condoleezza rice said she would be very happy to attend such a meeting .
he supports tibet s spiritual leader , the dalai lama , who has been living in exile since an uprising against chinese rule in .
at , clapton has years of sobriety , a happy marriage and three young daughters .
it closed at , . won to the dollar , its second straight day of gains after it fell to a month low against the greenback on monday .
storm surge flooding over the north carolina outer banks will gradually subside overnight , the hurricane center said .
troubled pop star britney spears will be allowed to spend more time with her sons under modified custody arrangements agreed upon at a hearing tuesday , attorneys for spears ex husband , kevin federline , told reporters afterward .
that note now can purchase less than half of one loaf .
earlier on abc s this week , john mccain says the proposal has what he wanted
also are receiving increased scrutiny . obama s transition team is reviewing hundreds of bush s executive orders , according to john podesta , obama s transition co chair .
islamabad , pakistan reuters loud explosions were heard on thursday from the vicinity of a radical pakistani mosque being besieged by security forces but the cause was not immediately clear , witnesses said .
a faster route from the south is not recommended as it passes through some risky regions .
video footage of the tuesday arrests showed u . s . soldiers escorting people blindfolded and some with their hands bound in front of them from a baghdad hotel into military vehicles .
this building was designed for use after the games , said john pauline of ptw architects , one of the lead architects on the watercube . we were looking at or years from now .
the drop off was opened last thursday by the catholic run jikei hospital in the southern city of kumamoto to discourage abortions and the abandonment of children in unsafe public places .
parks and other facilities are being built and opening up to the public .
it was early in the episode that christopher michael imperioli and tony james gandolfini were returning from manhattan , where they had a contentious meeting with new york boss phil leotardo .
a list of pro japanese collaborators released .
ernest doku , from mobile phone comparison web site omio . com , told the british press association despite the popularity of the google brand , the g s design lacks the inherent cool factor that made the iphone g such a mass market success for apple .
they were to be executed by hanging within days after an iraqi appeals court upheld their sentences in early september .
u . s . negotiators are also expected to continue pressing for more opportunities to sell u . s . automobiles in korea and to strengthen its protection of intellectual property .
rumblings deep within the earth were heard miles away .
an elected parliament has convened in thailand for the first time since the military illegally seized power in a coup in september .
and that is the kind of leadership i intend to offer as president of the united states of america .
also sunday morning , two car bombs exploded within minutes of each other in a shopping and dining area of southwest baghdad , killing at least people and wounding another people , according to baghdad police .
biden is the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee and a democratic presidential candidate .
thompson and president bush should appear on national television with every governor and member of congress .
the quake , which had a preliminary magnitude of , triggered a tsunami warning but the alert was quickly lifted after it became clear no destructive waves had been generated , the country s geophysics agency said .
members of the unit were returning from a routine security reassurance patrol when they spotted a five man taliban team attempting to set up an ambush , the defense ministry said . that occurred around a . m .
shanghai , china cnn natalie williams , a year old special olympics basketball player from kentucky , says she s never really been treated like a true athletic star .
he did , however , speculate on who was behind the poisoning of former spy alexander litvinenko , who died in november , several weeks after being exposed to toxic levels of polonium , naming british intelligence , the russian mafia and political refugee and russian businessmen boris berezovsky as prime suspects .
but sony has been marking a turnaround under chubachi and chief executive howard stringer , the first foreigner to head sony , by reducing jobs , shuttering unprofitable businesses and strengthening its flat tv offerings .
the time champions have points from their games , with barcelona in second place on points .
tens of thousands of thai protesters have marched through bangkok s central shopping district , one week ahead of a snap election .
before the statement by johndroe , gnp leaders said that they had not heard about any change in the proposed meeting .
with percent of republican precincts reporting , mccain held a percent lead over former massachusetts gov . mitt romney .
scientists say the northern lights are created by the sun s super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the earth .
he recalls his army was completely unprepared for war .
the coast guard says at least people have died , more rescued
he then went to a convenience store and bought lottery tickets and other merchandise and went back to his motel room , where he was busted .
peace largely returned with the arrival of nearly , international peacekeepers , but there has been sporadic unrest .
the discovery by a team at penn state university is the first positive evidence of planets existing outside our solar system .
last wednesday s arrest was the second time in a week winehouse was questioned by police .
she initiated the encounter , keene was quoted as saying .
light , sweet crude for june delivery dropped cents to . a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange by midmorning wednesday in singapore .
animated footage promoting the logo for the london olympic games was removed from the organizers web site on tuesday amid concern it could trigger epileptic fits .
they ve recruited college students who d just been rejected by their sweethearts .
the suicide bomber detonated her taxi near shaab stadium , a mostly shiite area in eastern baghdad , the interior ministry said .
the zoo confirmed earlier this week that its other female polar bear , vilma , had eaten her two offspring . the zoo said it feared vera would do the same , so it took her cub away as a precaution .
governor steve beshear has ordered the national guard to check houses in the hard hit areas
and it finds most states aren t doing much to hold schools accountable .
the drawn out democratic presidential race is producing negative dividends in terms of strife within the party , said a key senate supporter of sen . hillary clinton s white house bid .
thomas levy of the university of california san diego , who led the research , said carbon dating placed copper production at khirbat en nahas arabic for ruins of copper in the th century in line with the biblical narrative of solomon s rule .
the only debate of the campaign was a heated confrontation , and continued beyond the expected two hour duration .
he further called uribe a criminal , liar and gangster .
turning the spotlight to two of the economic players to be introduced by president elect barack obama at noon eastern time .
they want the government to make the decisions , i want the families to make decisions , he said .
the host of the program , patricia gaztanaga , began tuesday s show by expressing sorrow for the victim and her family .
south korea has agreed to withdraw troops from afghanistan as scheduled by the end of the year .
he is the first person to receive the award .
at a meeting held recently at the chinese foreign ministry in beijing , a british official expressed the uk s growing concern about the incidents .
president roh moo hyun instructed authorities to set up a body at an early date to deal with the recent controversy involving the tokto islets in the east sea , chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo said monday .
the us has vowed to push for further un sanctions against iran , following the latest report on its nuclear program .
having suffered internal injuries , he was spitting up blood and gasping for breath .
in the past , spears has managed to deliver memorable performances dancing with a yellow python
the incident occurred over abkhazia , a region that has had de facto independence since breaking away from the georgian government in the s .
mdc leader morgan tsvangirai said wednesday from johannesburg we intend to take part with the full confidence of the support of the people of zimbabwe .
in seoul , the ministry of foreign affairs and trade also confirmed japan s latest move , adding south korea would take reciprocal action for the japanese .
news of his retirement won t be too shocking for true fans recent strips have alluded to opus ending .
fifty eight percent of debate watchers questioned in a cnn opinion research corp . poll said democratic candidate obama did the best job in the debate , with percent saying republican sen . john mccain performed best .
abbas said he talked with rice about holding more meetings with olmert .
also thursday , the u . n . security council appealed for the early release of the detainees , and iranian state television broadcast five seconds of footage that it said was of the operation that seized the british sailors and marines in iranian territorial waters last week .
in this land of religious liberty , catholics found freedom not only to practice their faith , but also to participate fully in civic life , bringing their deepest moral convictions to the public square and cooperating with their neighbors in shaping a vibrant , democratic society , he said .
that , despite fresh economic news that would make the grinch smile with glee .
at least three dozen vehicles were involved in the two pileups , steeber said .
socrates , the prime minister , said he wants portugal to adopt attitudes prevalent in more developed eu countries .
his comments followed late night meetings on what was meant to be the last day of the talks in beijing .
the new drug testing procedures will allow the ioc to test for two banned substances known to have been used in the past by athletes in endurance events like cycling , rowing , swimming and athletics , the ioc said .
howard said he understood shelley kovco s anger and said he had apologized to the widow , who has two young children .
good was the chairman and chief executive officer of sheldon good co . , a major u . s . real estate auction company .
the issue at hand in the meeting between u . s . ambassador to iraq ryan crocker and the iranian representative . . . is going to be focused on iraq and stabilizing iraq , u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said last week .
shaanxi experienced the highest death toll as a result of the aftershock , with four people losing their lives .
howard , who has been in office years , is australia s second longest serving prime minister .
one of the strikes targeted the gaza city home of a slain militant responsible for manufacturing rockets , according to palestinian security sources .
one of the newspapers dated from december , leading police to believe that was when that body was placed there .
ap reported that in , indian vehicles released million tons of carbon dioxide , the leading greenhouse gas blamed for global warming .
he admitted that the number of iraqi army battalions capable of operating without us support had fallen since june from three to one .
unesco said the team would travel when conditions permit .
dr . ali khan of the cdc emphasized prevention . wear long sleeves , loose , baggy pants and make sure you re using good insect repellant .
seven current professional baseball players at two clubs , a former professional now manager of a high school baseball team , and two former college baseball players now company employees were accused of paying the brokers to help them dodge the month military duty mandatory for all healthy korean men .
in brazil , young magellanic penguins were rescued , rehabilitated and released last weekend after their search for food left them stranded , hundreds of miles from their usual feeding grounds .
the wreckage was in an inaccessible area of swamps and forest , he said .
the ruling uri party said yesterday it has agreed with the ministry of finance and economy on abolition of the excise taxes levied on projection and plasma display panel tvs , air conditioners , golf clubs , motorboats , jewelry and other products . the two sides also agreed to slash income taxes and taxes on interest and dividend payments .
the dark knight returns
he slammed on his brake and went over his handlebars , from what i understand , but he thinks the deer was hired by the competition .
the official statement on the front page of the new light of myanmar , a government mouthpiece , said authorities were still hunting for demonstrators who took part in the recent uprising .
the th anniversary of the so called roswell incident will be marked july at the city s annual ufo festival .
they are clearly unhappy with the unfair situation , range told new scientist magazine .
the unrest came a day after president mwai kibaki implemented a power sharing agreement with opposition leader raila odinga .
family
troops removed roadblocks on monday and moved into less conspicuous posts , according to the associated press .
south korea s central bank on friday kept its key interest rate for december unchanged for the fourth straight month amid financial turmoil and record setting oil prices as well as growing inflationary pressures .
a taliban representative , an official from the south korean government and mediators issued a statement in ghazni where the are being held saying that they had come to an agreement and the hostages would be released as soon as possible .
after officers surrounded the man , the attacker was able to kill only himself .
the higher education commission will meet friday in ankara to discuss the proposed changes .
iran s foreign ministry dismissed the reports as completely baseless .
i only met them parents when they were home , and i had packages to deliver to them . . . but every time i did see them , they were super nice , rod wells said .
the constitutional question before the justices is whether the death penalty for violent crimes other than homicide constitutes cruel and unusual punishment .
historic tempelhof airport which played a key role in the berlin airlift in the wake of world war ii will close to passengers in , germany s top administrative court confirmed tuesday .
. badmouthing a former boss
the u . s . military also confirmed the incident and said the attacker appeared to be in her late teens .
we have no idea whether correcting a vitamin d deficiency will in any way alter these outcomes , said dr . julie gralow , a cancer specialist at the university of washington in seattle .
new rules travelers should know for
they do not deserve to be involved in any dialogue , abbas said . there will be no dialogue with hamas no matter what .
their film , the wackness , is slated for release next year .
palin s mother says her daughter has a special a special ability , that is , to relate to people .
he says stylists on the show , armed with hair spray and blow dryers , mold his coiffure into a hard shell .
but asia s largest company , toyota no . , moved up two places and saw its profits rise as customers flocked to its fuel efficient and hybrid cars .
clearing trees for farmland and increased grazing is a major forest endangering practice , wadoo said .
at the end of june , loans in default for at least three months totaled . trillion won at banks , down from . trillion won on march st , the fss said .
it took mechanics months to find the cause of the rattling .
she has not yet been formally charged , but if convicted could face a prison term of up to five years or a fine up to , .
if general motors doesn t get this loan , by the end of this month , it is game over .
some good news for consumers
i wasn t counting on playing football this long and above all that i would be doing this well .
wolfowitz has been under severe pressure for weeks , with a number of european politicians calling on him to step down to prevent the bank s credibility in tackling corruption worldwide from being eroded .
a roadside bomb wounded four people when it exploded near kindi hospital in northeastern baghdad , the official said .
with the young and the frightened .
but the statement also suggested that subsequent talks should also include south korea and japan .
thirty percent of americans polled say they favor the war , the lowest level of support on record .
india will test fire a new missile within the next few months capable of carrying nuclear warheads across much of asia and the middle east , a news report quoting a top defense scientist said .
portland opted for the footer who can dominate a game with his defense over the sensational scoring of durant , who would have been the no . pick in many other years after one of the most outstanding freshman seasons in ncaa history .
of course , health information on the internet can be truly useful .
bhutto fell back into the vehicle , and almost immediately a bomb blast rocked the scene , sending twisting metal and shrapnel into the crowd , he added .
carlos portales , political director of the chilean foreign ministry , said the incident is being investigated .
a group of vocal computer users who rallied around a save xp petition posted on the industry news site infoworld had been clamoring for microsoft to keep selling xp until its next operating system , windows , is available .
the united states and north korea have maintained regular contact through the north s u . n . mission in new york ahead of the planned resumption of six way talks in november , the chief u . s . nuclear negotiator said .
between and , the forecast said eight countries are expected to account for half the world s projected population increase india , pakistan , nigeria , the united states , china , bangladesh , ethiopia and congo .
. . . i have a really wonderful family that s very supportive .
the church demands that the order of creation be respected , the pope said monday , defining the nature of the human being as man and woman , according to excerpts released by the vatican .
mosley s lawyer , philippe ouakrat , had requested the site be restricted in france because the fia , the governing body for motor sports that mosley heads , is based in paris .
its leader , kim jong il , has uttered only several words in public in his long career .
but mohammed abdel salam ali said they were not going to let the hardship ruin their journey to answer god s calling .
each layer was rich in nanodiamonds , which are produced under high temperature , high pressure conditions created by cosmic impacts , the report said .
the tabloid sun newspaper reported that a college staff member woke to playful shrieks and found several young women dancing around without clothes .
transhumance is the practice of seasonal livestock movement . in spain , it involves a million animals sheep , cattle and others .
the kospi has advanced for the last weeks , and it is climbing faster than ever .
of course , they laugh at all the misguided footwork , but it s better if foreigners loosen up than be wallflowers .
here s to napa cab and to the young and old who come in search of it .
the remaining portion of the olympic torch relay was canceled monday amid massive protests against china s human rights record , according to french police .
doctors aren t sure how long bush has had the pinched nerves , but they were aggravated by a hiking trip to utah in the spring , said sally mcdonough , the first lady s spokeswoman .
i would expect that between the two of them , they may uh , lose well over to pounds .
he later served as a u . s . delegate to the u . n . general assembly late in the reagan administration .
line catholic and protestant parties have won the bulk of seats decided so far in the election for a new legislative assembly in northern ireland .
maradona is best known for his two goals in the victory over england in the quarterfinal of the tournament .
jennifer aniston s ex brad pitt has an excellent christmas at the movies
for standing up outside the car , i think it was she to blame alone nobody else . responsibility is hers , the former general told cbs minutes .
the deputy , tyler peterson , also worked part time as a crandon police officer .
such antagonism along the border has come and gone as tensions have ebbed and spiked on the korean peninsula since the korean war .
a federal judge thursday ordered the government to pay more than million in the case of four men who spent decades in prison for a murder they didn t commit after the fbi withheld evidence of their innocence .
prince harry , who holds the rank of lieutenant , spent three months in afghanistan earlier this year .
u . s . officials had previously confirmed that four americans died in the crash , and one survived .
the us praised the actions of the german government and said the incident showed everyone needed to be vigilant in finding terrorists .
the russians and the u . s . carrier did not exchange verbal communications .
whatever you think of the humor of the chaser , the honest truth is they were clearly not going to harm anybody in a physical way , downer said . they presumably were , as is the nature of their show , aiming to humiliate a lot of well known people .
trade representative karan k . bhatia will discuss the remaining but crucial issues at grand hyatt hotel in central seoul by friday or saturday .
ahmadinejad , at a joint news conference with iraqi president jalal talabani , said the trip opens a new chapter in bilateral ties with iraq .
lohan , , turned herself in to the los angeles county women s detention center in lynwood at a . m .
britain has been in command of the south since the iraq war began , with its troops based in basra .
god , i couldn t make it back to the states for that because of everything that s going on at the airport with protesters .
instead of entering the parliamentary chamber , the lawmakers stayed in their offices .
mcfarlane said cho was extremely quiet , and efforts by other students to draw him out were rebuffed .
under those plans , the government would take failing mortgages off the hands of investors and write new terms that would prevent foreclosure .
roads into the city were jammed as commuters turned to their cars .
the accident took place at about p . m . gmt on friday in the zhangzhuang mine in xintai , a city more than kilometers miles southeast of beijing .
the korea times reports south korean diplomats are attaching no great significance to a senior washington official s remark that the united states would consider all the tools available to frustrate north korea s nuclear ambitions .
it is preserved inside a climate controlled plexiglass container in luxor , egypt , near the valley of the kings .
the bernard madoff scandal may have taken a deadly turn .
up to , comfort women were part of japan s wartime military brothel program that started in the s .
he s been playing some of his best tennis this year so it s going to be a tough challenge .
credit card spending tumbles in first half .
the abductor says the lawyer has seven days to win an impossible murder case , or she will never see her daughter again .
washington cnn a u . s . team , including technical experts , will head to north korea next week after the communist country agreed to begin disabling its nuclear weapons facilities , assistant secretary of state christopher hill said wednesday .
israeli internal security minister avi dichter said the declaration would enable certain sanctions to be taken , but those sanctions would not cross the red line when it came to humanitarian needs , he said in a radio interview .
russian president vladimir putin congratulated his handpicked successor dmitry medvedev on his projected victory in sunday s presidential vote at a red square rock concert broadcast on russian tv .
graz assembly members condemned schwarzenegger s support for the death penalty , which is illegal in austria , and called for the city stadium bearing his name to be renamed .
what we thought was going to be a contained domestic u . s . problem is definitely global , william larkin , portfolio manager at cabot money management , told cnnmoney . it is now rooted in europe and it looks like it is probably spreading to asia .
the university of oxford said it is eager to expand korean studies , with an aim to create a full undergraduate degree later this year .
the club will have no alternative but to report real madrid to the world governing body , fifa , if it continues to behave in this totally unacceptable fashion .
speaking to the bbc s john simpson in baquba , gen petraeus said there was evidence that the recent troops surge was producing gains on the ground .
the prince was in the news recently for threatening to actually abandon his principality if his citizens didn t give him more political power .
it brought me to the ground and bit me , the boy told globo tv .
their illegal trade threatens the continued existence of an endangered species and will not be tolerated . federal agents tracked at least eight shipments , including one worth an estimated , .
the dispute with the british council is the latest in a diplomatic tit for tat that has been escalating since late , when former russian agent alexander litvinenko was fatally poisoned in london .
singaporean ambassador chua thai keong , who witnessed asian english teachers in japan during his tenure there , said that korea needs to be racially blind to get the best teachers .
palestinian medical sources said tuesday members of the fatah affiliated national guard and hamas gunmen were killed .
while officials were on the scene sunday , evidence collection , documentation and measurements will start monday .
the site has barely been skimmed , l hour told the associated press , adding that a new search operation will begin this
somchai had to fly into chiang mai upon his return from last week s asia pacific economic cooperation summit in peru because of the disturbances at the suvarnabhumi and don muang airports .
but we remember special moments with families and friends .
buyers and sellers attribute the surge to worries that obama and a democratic controlled congress will move to restrict firearm ownership , despite the insistence of campaign aides that the president elect supports gun rights and considers the issue a low priority .
the families had sought million , but u . s . district judge robert g . doumar in norfolk ordered sudan to pay . million .
paramedics were unable to revive her , and she was pronounced dead within two hours of the power being cut .
higher oil prices , treating wounded veterans , and the cost to the economy of pulling reservists away from their jobs have been taken into account .
new york city housing commissioner and former clinton administration aide shawn donovan has been nominated by president elect barack obama to be housing secretary .
pakistan will be under a state of emergency for as long as it is necessary , pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz said sunday , a day after pervez musharraf suspended the constitution and widened his powers as president and military chief .
i have not seen or spoken to my daughter since early june and i have no prospect of speaking to her anytime soon due to whitney s actions , brown declared in orange county superior court filings released last week .
requirements for entry into the program include electronic passports , a sustained visa refusal rate of less than percent , and a close cooperation mechanism between respective security agencies .
if he s been impeached , then i think he should listen to that decision and step down .
a cathay pacific airways pilot was fired after he buzzed a u . s . airfield without permission while taking delivery of a boeing er passenger jet , the airline said wednesday .
satellites that peer into the past from the distance of space .
this was an early neolithic burial place .
germany s dax and france s cac also saw significant drops of between percent and percent .
after his world concert tour ends in june , rain will head to berlin to start filming his scenes .
the man reportedly earned million won from the forgeries and much more in commissions after the emigrants arrived in their new homes .
it is seeking parliamentary permission for a cross border operation to pursue kurdistan workers party pkk members .
those comments are among mccain s most pointed attack at obama to date , a clear sign the republican nominee apparent is increasingly viewing the illinois senator as the democratic front runner .
a passenger plane carrying people has crashed shortly after taking off from an airport in kentucky , killing all but one on board .
in a statement , the european automobile manufacturers association acea said the european commission s proposals would damage europe s economy in terms of wealth , employment and growth potential .
he s or years old , so he s getting up there . we wanted to do the most humane thing for him , said scot henley , executive director of the nonprofit weather observatory .
this time around , foreign governments , flush with dollars from either trade surpluses or oil , are sponsoring even bigger investments in financial companies that could give them a more influential role on wall street .
gen . vladimir zaritsky , the chief of artillery and rocket forces for the russian ground troops , said that any action meets a counteraction , and this is the case with elements of the u . s . missile defense in poland and the czech republic , the itar tass news agency reported .
her office said the former first lady was in good spirits .
and pax jolie pitt , , is fourth on the list .
the colder it is , the chances are better it will stay below the foot height of the emergency dike .
russia and the united states agreed tuesday to moderate their rhetoric in a bid to improve strained ties , secretary of state condoleezza rice said after she met with russian president vladimir putin .
later , three more shootings were reported within two hours on the west side late sunday and early monday , resulting in two more deaths and four more people wounded , police said .
the two leaders , meeting at the oceanfront compound of bush s father , sought to restart u . s . russian relations after months of acrimony . do i trust him ?
the recruiting office , one of the nation s busiest , has been the site of periodic anti war protests , the associated press reported .
they can store any kind of data , including video and software and are attractive to the music industry because they are strong on copyright protection .
in another development , iraq s prime minister says he plans to release , prisoners .
in uganda , floods killed people since august , said deputy police spokeswoman judith nabakoba .
blair said wednesday that britain would withdraw around , troops from iraq over the coming months and aims to cut its , troop level to below , by late summer if iraqi forces can secure the southern part of the country .
and they learned that at least half of our own milky way galaxy is composed of ordinary stuff , not exotic , as yet undiscovered particles that some have postulated .
the police have been under suspicion for their attempts to overlook a revenge assault committed by the hanwha group chairman kim seung youn and delay investigating the case .
people always think that unemployment happens to the other person , he added .
in response , abbas declared a state of emergency and appointed a new cabinet of political independents based in the west bank .
while percent of americans claimed that the japanese took away markets and jobs from firms in the u . s . in , percent agree with that assertion today .
a series of speakers called for the standing committee of the national people s congress not to proceed with its announced intention of reviewing and officially interpreting hong kong s laws on how residents there can choose their chief executive and lawmakers .
there is no indication of a ground operation inside gaza , but a senior military official said the air raids would continue and that troops around gaza will be activated if needed .
they killed many honest scholars , preachers and loyal mujahedeen , one of the group s spokesmen read from a written manifesto .
while a certain amount of brain shrinkage is normal with age , greater amounts in some parts of the brain have been linked to dementia .
students in one of cho s classes called him the question mark kid , classmate julie poole told the ap , because cho used just a question mark for his name on a class sign in sheet .
the opposition millennium democratic party is trying to arrange a visit by hillary clinton to north korea along with a group of u . s . senators .
the bodyguard of palestinian legislative council member majed abu shamaleh was shot and killed in the attack , an aide to abu shamaleh told cnn .
but cartel officials have resisted pressure to increase oil production and said they will hold off any decision until the group meets next month in abu dhabi , united arab emirates .
under current regulations , children s products found to have more than . percent lead accessible to users are subject to a recall .
they also include japanese , eight americans , five chinese and two germans .
he knows how to slide it open , which buttons to push how many times to reach the send sms menu option , compose the entire text message , and hit the send button all without even looking at the phone .
defense department official said tuesday the united states will slightly reduce its troops in south korea following the planned transfer of its wartime control of the south korean armed forces to seoul .
overseas markets also took it on the chin with at least one market analyst in britain saying the global bank rescue plan is coming too late to give any real relief .
some frightened residents have moved out and medical teams have gone through the apartments to check for sars while some minibus drivers won t stop there anymore .
burma s suppression of mass protests in september was widely condemned .
palestinian factions have formed a security force to ease the tension , but a senior fatah islam commander in the northern nahr el bared refugee camp pledged to take the battle to ein el hilweh , lebanon s largest refugee camp .
hong kong s benchmark index fell as much as . percent in early trade monday as investors worried about u . s . financial markets .
the last fatality , a year old american , was gored to death in .
the korea herald reports average birthrate from to in korea was . per person , th lowest among other countries , compared to the average of . in industrialized countries , the united nations population fund said in the report , the state of world population .
big bank mizuho holdings is off more than percent .
they should remain vigilant with regard to their personal security and avoid crowds and demonstrations .
she has been confined to her home for the better part of almost two decades .
the blue house said yesterday , his mother sent an e mail saying she wanted to set up a meeting between her son and president roh to the home page of the blue house . president roh said he will meet with mr .
ecuador s president rafael correa withdrew his government s ambassador in bogota , colombia , and ordered troops to the country s border following a colombian raid against leftist rebels inside ecuador .
south africa coach carlos alberto parreira resigned on monday to return to brazil to be with his family and ill wife , leaving the national football team in disarray just two years before the country hosts the world cup .
he missed his first game of the season thursday , but an mri exam came back normal .
most dry lands in china have been degraded by over cultivation , overgrazing , deforestation , and poor irrigation practices , as well as abnormal weather changes such as persistent droughts , the official xinhua news agency quoted the survey as saying .
cowen says he is looking forward to it , and getting ready for the action .
chemical ali case coming to close
germany has made every effort to reflect on its past , but japan s effort is not enough , lee told reporters before attending a policy briefing session of the fair trade commission at chong wa dae .
the major asian markets were mixed in afternoon trading monday , with tokyo moving lower while hong kong was on the upswing .
forces korea beyond the peninsula if necessary , according to the korea herald .
i can tell you we have the power , we have enormous power .
salma hayek , an executive producer of the abc comedy , charmed ferrara into accepting the part .
the humidity and heat caused by . . . people entering the tomb and their breathing will change the mummy to a powder .
clinton has won primaries in the biggest states so far , but obama has won more total contests and leads her in the race for delegates to the party s august convention in denver where the democratic nominee will be formally ratified .
bush told reporters u . s . and turkish commanders will share intelligence on the rebels .
khial mohammad , a ghazni lawmaker also at the event , said during the speech we heard the sounds of rockets whizzing over our heads before slamming down in the distance .
oecd chief economist jorgen elmeskov said the bank of england should be cautious , given the solid growth and worries over inflation .
chinese president hu jintao offered similar congratulations , urging obama to join china in shouldering important common responsibilities .
warren levinson at the new york stock exchange .
the u . s . government has accused one of the nation s top tobacco companies of secretly developing a high nicotine tobacco and using it in cigarettes .
they married in after a whirlwind courtship and soon moved to washington .
investigators say someone set a blaze that heavily damaged homes early this morning .
staph has evolved , mutated and become immune to antibiotics .
while authorities did not immediately say who they believed was behind the incident saturday , reports on the web sites of dailies el pais , el mundo and la vanguardia s said three warnings had been received by basque newspaper gara , which violent basque separatist group eta often uses as a conduit for bomb warnings .
the bush administration has been fielding new questions about pakistan since the national intelligence estimate claimed last week that al qaeda is operating freely inside the tribal region .
a strong earthquake followed by an almost equally strong aftershock rocked sumatra in western indonesia tuesday morning , killing at least people , a local disaster coordination official said .
the soft drink maker said months ago that it would give a free drink to everyone in america if the band finally delivered the long overdue album this year .
the video was recovered late last year during a raid on a compound near samarra that was being used for killing and torture , a coalition official said .
but having by the opposition in the field also will siphon votes and seats from musharraf s party , weakening the u . s . backed leader .
an explosive device which could have caused substantial harm was found wednesday in the parking lot of an austin , texas , women s clinic where abortions are performed , authorities said .
while he made no mention of the church s battle against brazil s free distribution on condoms to combat aids , he touched on sexual themes with a call for fidelity between spouses and chastity both within and outside marriage church language for responsible sex .
he said he thinks it is possible to wrest legislation out of the u . s . congress , still deeply divided over the issue , by august .
it s not like finding winos in the street .
a spokesman for the police authorities in the val d oise prefecture refused to confirm the numbers of police injuries , telling cnn that police feared the information could further enflame the already tense situation .
china attaches great importance to the prime minister fukuda s visit , and is ready to make joint efforts with japan to enhance political mutual trust , expand common interests , and deepen practical cooperation , foreign ministry spokesman qin gang told reporters tuesday .
at the city animal shelter in rogers , arkansas , big , black dogs almost always make up the bulk of the animals put to sleep each month .
the bill may allow law enforcement authorities to excessively intervene in family affairs , resulting in family collapse or obstructing the recovery of conjugal relations , the kba said in the statement .
chung , arrested and briefly jailed last year , is set to receive the verdict in his corruption trial monday , and analysts say the fortunes of the world s sixth largest automaker could be affected by the outcome .
the year old berlusconi is not considered too old for the job , nor has his health been an issue , despite the fact that he has had bypass surgery since leaving office .
the prosecution said yesterday it found that posco engineering , the main contractor for an apartment construction project , has commissioned the design work to a member of the urban planning committee of the province .
about million are thought to be homeless , the government says .
but bhutto aide sherry rehman who had been riding in the car behind bhutto s when it was attacked called the government s conclusion the most bizarre , dangerous nonsense .
that would effectively start the process of ending the north s nuclear program , which if carried through would eliminate it as a nuclear weapons threat .
the combat troops were expected to return to australia over the next few weeks , with the first of them arriving home sunday .
in southern afghanistan , a nato soldier was killed during an attack sunday , nato s international security assistance force said .
the audio recording on tmz . com portrays an angry simpson ordering people to stay in the hotel room and questioning the audacity of the person he thinks stole from him .
patrons pay a mere yuan u . s . cents to enter and enjoy cheap drinks a bottle of beer costs just yuan .
the final book in the wildly successful series will be made into two films , the los angeles times reported wednesday .
the denial came after the afp reported that the troops surrounded taliban hideouts in afghanistan in preparation for a possible rescue mission after militants threatened to kill south korean hostages by sunset .
authorities broke up a march thursday by tibetan exiles who had planned to trek from the northern indian city of dharamshala to tibet s border in a protest at china s rule over their homeland .
at the church s mourning altar , bae s family first broke into tears , but soon regained composure .
the hong kong based carrier which would not identify the pilot said it was still investigating the january fly by at paine field , miles north of downtown seattle and home to a boeing plant .
in a meeting in beijing in late april , north korea gave u . s . negotiators a long wish list of political and economic benefits it wants to get in return for giving up its nuclear ambitions , according to u . s . officials .
who played a spanish waiter in john cleese s s tv comedy fawlty towers
he said militiamen and three soldiers were killed .
it was a medium sized fireworks display with absolutely no ballistics , and the fireworks were mostly dropping over my parents house . but we were laughing that we could have broken the wind turbine , emily said .
the candidate , yousaf raza gilani , was parliament speaker in the administration of former ppp leader benazir bhutto , who was slain during a campaign rally last year .
cnn dozens of flights were delayed at india s new delhi airport monday after lizards , birds and jackals strayed on to a runway to seek refuge from the monsoon rains .
legal authorities have long been seeking greater controls for networking sites to prevent predators from using them to contact children . we thank the attorneys general for a thoughtful and constructive conversation
the usc students were affiliated with the delta delta delta sorority and the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity , pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official greek function .
michael priddin , unity resources group chief operating officer , said in a written statement that initial information indicated the car approached the security team at speed and failed to stop despite an escalation of warnings which included hand signals and a signal fire .
the list here included the likes of mineralnye vody airport in russia for its feral cats and daggers on sale in the departure lounge .
in washington , just a few thousand turned out for a rally outside the white house in washington .
japan is a leader in consumer robots .
pittsburgh shot down the ravens .
bhutto is scheduled to be buried in the ancestral graveyard of the bhutto family at gari khuda baksh in sindh province friday afternoon .
crisis averted at the white house the email system back up and running this morning .
the protest came as opposition leader nawaz sharif tried to breach security outside the home of the former chief justice iftikhar muhammed chaudhry in islamabad to try to meet with him .
members sell purified water that they say can cure diseases for about a bottle .
vershbow was in the u . s . making an annual tour of major cities with his south korean counterpart , amb .
tackling a really big new project may just pile on more stress .
one of those casinos will include a universal studios theme park .
this will be an opportunity for him , if he s committed to war , this will be an opportunity to convince the world .
we will put the politicians to the test .
to the scots , who looked unlikely winners for most of the match .
a further countries were named as countries under watch bahrain , eritrea , gambia , jordan , libya , malaysia , sri lanka , tajikistan , thailand , united arab emirates and yemen .
rove said earlier monday that his resignation as was not forced and that he plans to spend his post white house career writing a book and teaching .
an iraqi commander , lt . gen . abud qanbar , said last week there have been steep decreases in attacks such as car bombings , terrorist operations against iraqi security forces and civilians , and sectarian assassination attempts .
now they will see an example of green leadership which may inspire them to make greener choices in their own lives , bloomberg said tuesday .
authorities are stepping up security and checkpoints to prepare for the influx of al sadr supporters , najaf police said .
currently , it is the only material with the potential to be strong enough to use to manufacture elevator cable , according to tsuchida .
the namibian government sold almost eight tons of ivory for . million , said willem wijnstekers , the secretary general of cites , the international agreement covering the trade of endangered species .
sung kim praised north korean officials at the yongbyon reactor , which produced weapons grade plutonium , as being very co operative .
a lawyer for kerviel , guillaume selnet , said the detention of the second trader was merely a tactic by investigators to make the case seem larger than it really is .
the report , entitled sold to be soldiers
political cartoons in the official newspapers resemble soviet caricatures in the darkest days of the cold war , with american gis depicted in dehumanized robotic form and u . s . politicians portrayed as beer bellied and hysteric .
he telephoned riley and missouri gov . matt blunt en route .
in tokyo , chief cabinet secretary yasuhisa shiozaki said officials were doing their best to rescue victims and assess the extent of the damage .
the man had demanded that police let him move to another bus and then drive to an airport , china s state run news agency , xinhua said .
stocks slid more than points on the dow this morning , on news of the obama administration s tough love for the auto industry the dow now down by more than points .
bush says he seeks a peaceful solution too , but he pulls no punches when criticizing north korean leader kim jong il , whom he accuses of blackmailing the outside world and starving his people while pursuing weapons of mass destruction .
temperatures fell about degrees .
burnham said it could be all summed up in a famous line from the movie scarface .
the padlock ritual has spilled into a music video and inspired a prize the golden padlock awarded to the best love message on valentine s day .
fiery kimchi seems to match the reputation deserved or not of koreans as headstrong , hot tempered and high tempo .
dead , wounded in an attack near an iraqi army checkpoint at one of the entrances to sadr city , the official said
movie rentals .
despite gore s stance , many grassroots movements , with web sites such as algore . org and draftgore . org , are trying persuade him to run .
the us state of louisiana has elected its first non white governor since the s .
the pakistani government said it knew nothing about libi s death .
celebrities who visited the villa over the years included tennessee williams , rudolf nureyev , paul newman , hillary clinton and brad pitt .
the air force provided two b bombers and four f fighter jets , aiming at three large target areas . each bomber passed over twice and the f s followed to complete the set , the release said .
four others are looking for sweeps in the first round of the playoffs .
if obama was a white man , he would not be in this position . and if he was a woman , he would not be in this position . he happens to be very lucky to be who he is .
caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan voters narrowly rejected a constitutional referendum that would have bolstered president hugo chavez s embrace of socialism and granted an indefinite extension of his eligibility to serve as president , the national electoral council reported early monday .
cheong wa dae sources said a partial cabinet shakeup will be carried out as early as this week to fill in vacant cabinet posts .
authorities also found photographs of lawson at two airports and on an airplane in which she is wearing loose fitting clothing and appears to be pregnant .
clear weather was expected in most of texas , although there was a possibility of icy roads tuesday morning in the extreme northeast corner of the state , according to the national weather service .
summer temperatures of around degrees celsius fahrenheit have been exacerbated by strong winds , laying waste to large mountainous and pinewood areas and forcing the closure of several motorways on the biggest island , tenerife .
although gore wasn t a nominee , he spoke along with the film s director , davis guggenheim .
he s got a prime time news conference this evening , and he started out today by talking about swine flu and the new democratic senator who could help him get a health care plan through congress .
a day to remember tokto , a move to which japan s central government has so far shown a hands off attitude .
the man , who has not been named , entered the u . s . consulate on oct .
while ebay prohibits the sale of ammunition in its online auctions , certain gun accessories including the magazines that hold bullets are allowed .
infectious diseases are now spreading geographically much faster than at any time in history , the who said .
a british home office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from saudi arabia had been overlooked in the run up to the atrocities and that information provided by the saudis was materially different from what actually occurred on july and clearly not relevant to those acts .
the taliban commander , who wished to remain anonymous , told the korea times correspondent over the telephone that they had received million from the korean delegation .
police say one of the victims is in critical condition
the us democratic presidential hopefuls are taking part in the first debate to use only video questions submitted online by the public .
letters secretly carried by children through the sewers of warsaw , poland , during the uprising .
a minute s silence was held in the provincial capital banda aceh to mark the exact moment the first waves came ashore , and a siren then sounded , part of indonesia s new tsunami warning system .
eight of the wounded were police officers , the official said .
but jamal abdullah , spokesman for iraq s kurdish regional government krg , told cnn that these actions did not amount to airstrikes despite news reports that say turkish helicopter gunships attacked targets in northern iraq .
as the concert drew toward its conclusion , the orchestra performed the folk song , arirang , beloved in both north and south korea .
in , mccain angered some in his party when he and democratic sen . ted kennedy unsuccessfully pushed for a comprehensive immigration reform bill that included a path to citizenship .
the law rules and who is on my side in respecting the law and the government s will be an ally and a partner and who rebels against the law and the government s will , will be a foe .
the international olympic committee has rejected an attempt by tibet to field its own team at the beijing olympics
mccormack stressed that the process of normalization must proceed step by step .
the bank , britain s fifth largest mortgage lender , is the first in years to be bailed out by british regulators .
gwen ifill of pbs is dismissing conservative questions about her impartiality as tonight s moderator .
dodd said obama had been poked and prodded , analysed and criticised , called too green , too trusting and for all of that has already won more than half the states and millions of votes .
credit limits for commercial banks will also be removed to channel more lending to priority projects and rural development , it said .
the north korean envoy , in separate comments , told reporters his country was willing to declare and dismantle its nuclear program , but mentioned no dates .
after all , we re going to be in boston for a wedding or chicago for a meeting or heading to the beach in southern california .
amerli is a village predominately populated by shiite turkmens and kurds .
the diplomats said that the amount of data handed over would be lower than under the current agreement but u . s . authorities would be able to hold the information for longer . we ll try to finish this
in a separate development on monday , one palestinian was killed and several injured after palestinian gunmen and israeli soldiers exchanged fire at the erez crossing , the israeli rescue service and palestinian medics said .
cricket officials have also begun an investigation into possible match fixing .
french president nicolas sarkozy arrived tuesday in washington ahead of a planned address to congress , the first by a french leader in years .
doctors have advised him to rest before resuming his travel schedule , his spokesman said .
my son does not respect me , he doesn t tell me where he s going in the evenings and returns home late , the woman was quoted as saying .
he s with ihs global insight .
rockets have been fired and bombs dropped on a base of suspected members of the abu sayyaf on jolo island .
a russian soyuz spacecraft , which docked with the space station at a . m . et tuesday , carried garriott , along with nasa astronaut michael fincke and russian cosmonaut yuri lonchakov .
a confidante of princess diana said thursday that prince philip wrote two letters to the princess which were derogatory and cruel .
that software is aimed at helping families with multiple pcs easily centralize , share and protect digital content , such as pictures , music , documents and videos .
seoul city mayor lee myung bak distributed a total of million won in taxes to district offices , which means each district was allocated million won , the uri party leader said .
their reunion tour opens december in vancouver , canada . other confirmed dates san jose , california , december
he is definitely one of the best players in the world and he deserved to win today , he said .
the force was set up in after israeli forces withdrew from lebanon , but more troops were added following last year s war between israel and hezbollah forces in lebanon .
there will be no red carpet on which celebrities can show off the latest fashions .
rostock , germany reuters organizers of anti g demonstrations and the media on sunday condemned violent clashes between police and a hardcore group of militants in the german port city of rostock in which , people were injured .
erturk , special rapporteur for the united nations human rights council on violence against women , said the situation in south kivu province , where rebels from neighburing rwanda operate , was the worst she had ever encountered .
abramovich who in acquired a specially modified boeing er denied the report .
he is one of the few remaining mujahideen fighters in ji and police say he has close personal ties with al qaeda .
thirteen blasts in all , killing at least people and injuring hundreds .
and for the weather , the great lakes region is racing for different combinations of snow , sleet and ice today .
william s assignments follow a year of training as a specialist armored reconnaissance troop leader in the blues and royals , where his younger brother , harry , also serves .
virgin won immunity in the uk , where the office of fair trading oft fined ba . million pounds in the oft s biggest ever civil penalty .
well , the cost of mailing your bills went up today .
spokeswoman marina litvinovich accused the government of pressuring landlords to not rent to the coalition , other russia .
at some point , he says , it may not be possible to pull out .
sixteen percent of clinton supporters questioned in a cnn opinion research corporation survey said they are not likely to vote in the general election if obama is the democratic nominee .
a thai court saturday granted investigators their request to keep neil in jail for days pao in said .
she said the office had only heard of the motion through media reports and declined to comment further .
defense minister kim jang soo embarks on a four day visit today for talks with his u . s . counterpart robert gates , scheduled washington time . they will discuss pending alliance issues including the wartime control and the delayed relocation of u . s . military bases on the peninsula , the defense ministry said .
i think she s touched the hearts and minds of people , not just in britain but all over the world .
both candidates visited pennsylvania on tuesday , looking ahead to an april contest there that will have delegates at stake
and cancer patients should be especially cautious .
brancato appeared on six episodes of the hit hbo series the sopranos as a wannabe mobster in .
the rapid ascent of libyan ambassador giadalla ettalhi to this month s revolving council presidency , occurring during the first month that libya has ever been allowed onto the council , is a remarkable turnabout for the north african nation long seen as a sponsor of terrorism .
about , pakistani lawyers , rounded up since saturday , sit in jails across the country with no courts operating to which they can appeal for release .
the cartoons have sparked diplomatic sanctions and death threats in some arab nations , while media watchdogs have defended publication of the images in the name of press freedom .
the genetic map of the modern african elephant was used as a blueprint to compare and contrast the genetic markers of the woolly mammoth .
the us military has accused the highest levels of iran s government of supplying increasingly sophisticated roadside bombs to iraqi insurgents .
although construction of the bullet train rail bed between seoul and busan started in , its completion has been delayed because of fierce opposition from environmental activists .
for many believers , the hajj is a once in a lifetime chance to cleanse their sins in what is one of the most important rites for muslims .
other estimates of the death toll from the remote region varied widely .
charleston , south carolina cnn an inferno raced through a charleston , south carolina , furniture warehouse , collapsing its roof and killing nine firefighters in a tragedy that the city s mayor described tuesday as difficult to fathom .
we must live up to the calling we share .
nepal s maoist rebels ambushed an army patrol in the east of the country sunday , killing soldiers in the latest outbreak of violence in the revolt torn himalayan kingdom .
while arrivals in january increased over the same month last year , the number of visitors in is expected to decline by . percent .
today , americans celebrate the memorial day holiday in different ways .
uefa were reluctant to allow them entry into the champions league qualifying round last july but eventually agreed to their participation after deciding they had no legal grounds on which
but putting so many of the country s . billion people on the move at one time is causing a huge national headache .
but garin , who started working at the park when she was , already had been thrown from it , he said .
tensions often run high during the holidays , but there are polite and effective ways to manage those tricky interactions .
stocks are coming off their worst six day rout in years
the choice of nicolas sarkozy is a dangerous choice , i do not want france to be oriented toward a system of brutality , royal said on rtl radio .
i was holding my baby at the time , said mccready of her month old son .
opera star luciano pavarotti s health has worsened and he is in a very serious condition , according to italian media .
china has not confirmed or denied it is hosting the north korean leader .
before her latest film , if anyone had asked reese witherspoon what the term extraordinary rendition meant , she might have answered with a blank stare .
it s the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan . it s great to be part of a team that wins .
condemnation from the u . s . and israeli governments . they have criticized him for engaging in diplomacy with a group that both governments consider a terrorist organization .
korea maintains , troops in the northern iraqi town of irbil .
word to calm the markets from president bush and italy s premier at the white house .
it is the position of the united states that there is one palestinian people and there should be one palestinian state .
cnn whether you keep quiet because you re afraid of embarrassing yourself or you don t think your questions mean much , you should start speaking up .
good news soon from sheikh osama bin laden .
each person comes and reads or minutes .
the government has designated four sites in the nation s midsection as candidates for president roh moon hyun s controversial plan to build a new administrative capital , according to the korea herald .
ms suu kyi , , has spent of the last years in detention .
so far , of the rooms have received the treatment .
beckham , who hopes to achieve his th cap in fabio capello s first match as england coach against switzerland at wembley next month , played a high profile role promoting london s ultimately successful bid for the olympics .
handed out in a mall in a northern mumbai suburb , the times of india newspaper reported sunday .
household debt in south korea reached an all time high of trillion won at the end of , up . percent from a year earlier .
the british version already has nearly , players , most of whom are girls aged between and , according to the web site .
summit , south korean president roh moo hyun and the north korean leader kim jong il agreed to significantly expand exchanges and economic cooperation between the two koreas .
the league of american theatres and producers see it in terms of artistic freedom , hiring only the musicians they say they need .
the next day , a man arrived to debrief the pilot and he was told in no uncertain terms that what he had seen on his radar was top secret and he wasn t to speak about it to anyone , clarke wrote .
both the us and japan have acted with anger and dismay to the news .
negroponte is expected to arrive in islamabad late friday for talks saturday and sunday with musharraf , prime minister shaukat aziz and other pakistani officials , state department officials told cnn on wednesday .
at an international conference in italy , rice was forced to reject prime minster fouad siniora s pleas for a cease fire so that israel could damage the militant group hezbollah s capability .
jakarta , indonesia cnn the world s rarest rhino does not like the limelight .
the agency attributed the surge to strife in somalia , where riots continued in the capital city of mogadishu for the second day tuesday .
to make her first final of having lost in the final four at the australian open , dubai and indian wells tournaments this year .
while gov . blagojevich is entitled to his day in court , the people of illinois are entitled to a functioning government and major decisions free of taint and controversy .
rittenband was illegally influenced by wells , and ignored the terms of polanski s plea agreement , which required considering counsel argument before deciding on a sentence , the document says .
president roh moo hyun said that he plans to submit a motion to the national assembly around the middle of next month to revise the constitution to introduce the u . s . style two term , four year presidency .
the constitutional commission will discuss the proposal submitted by the akp and mhp parties in the coming days before sending it to the floor for a vote .
you can see the grief on the faces of the people who come here , he added .
they could see land but had no idea where they were .
olympia , greece cnn greece condemned human rights protesters who disrupted the olympic torch lighting ceremony monday .
the federal government s investigation into an outbreak of salmonella caused illness is broadening to include items commonly eaten with tomatoes , federal health officials said tuesday .
fifteen percent said they have a favorable view of al qaeda s leader , saudi exile osama bin laden , the poll found .
usually , following the death of a dalai lama , senior tibetan buddhist officials , guided by dreams and signs , identify a young child to succeed him .
the summit will end later today .
lt . gen . ray odierno , the commander of the multinational corps iraq , told reporters at the pentagon via teleconference from iraq that his hunch , based on past events , is that al qaeda in iraq is probably somewhat involved .
i ve learned that you don t forward emails .
zellweger , who played a star struck prisoner in chicago trying to beat a murder charge , thanked co star catherine zeta jones , whom she beat in the category .
this is a blessing from god .
the government says fewer teen agers are sniffing inhalants like glue , lighter fluid , and spray paint .
the nba saw a season high points last night .
particularly sensitive data defined as anything that could reveal a passenger s race or religion , political views or sexual preferences would automatically be filtered by the u . s . and deleted .
the same kindergarten taught up to children just four years ago , before the u . s . led invasion of iraq that toppled saddam hussein .
could gore serve alongside bill clinton in an obama administration ?
aerial footage showed the middle of the bridge caved in , lying in the mississippi river , with cars both on top and submerged in the water .
tom ortenberg , the president of fahrenheit s distributor lions gate films , says the film is perfectly appropriate for and year olds who are going to be asked to fight in this war , or the next war , to see what war is really like .
they were telling us to put our hands above our head and if we didn t cooperate and put our hands above our heads they would shoot , otey said .
but tomatoes remain the prime suspect in the outbreak , which has been linked to people , of whom have been hospitalized , said dr . david acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the food and drug administration .
nasa plans at least more missions to the space station before retiring the shuttle fleet in .
about five months ago , as the investigation evolved , campus police sought and received help from the u . s . drug enforcement administration .
it was unclear , however , whether the report referred to a plutonium or uranium based weapon .
such a loss could have profound effects on mammals dependent on the sea ice , such as polar bears , now being considered for threatened species status because of changes in habitat due to global warming .
australia has announced plans to ban incandescent light bulbs and replace them with what it believes is more energy efficient fluorescent bulbs .
holley told superior court commissioner steven k . lubell that mcgee s testimony was critical to the defense , but he is unavailable to appear in court until next month .
it is also preparing to build a megawatt nuclear power plant in darkhovin , in southwestern iran .
but the country has been mired in an ongoing political crisis , with a deadlock between pro and anti syrian factions in parliament .
the segments will be sent back to utah for inspection by the manufacturer .
about , people gathered near the u . s . embassy in copenhagen .
the clerics said the hug was an illegitimate and forbidden act and without any doubt , she has committed a great sin .
while humanity will survive , hundreds of millions , maybe billions of people may not , according to the chart if the worst scenarios happen .
similarities between the words of sen . barack obama and massachusetts gov . deval patrick have raised eyebrows and attracted traffic on youtube .
odell , who contracted polio when she was years old , lived with her parents , freeman and geneva odell , and their house was equipped with an emergency generator designed to fire up immediately in a power failure .
nbc universal apologized to the rutgers team and msnbc viewers in its statement .
johnson says it will warm up fast as the storm moves on , temperatures expected in the s by tomorrow .
i think football is extremely exciting and i love playing football .
this monster lineup will ensure live earth meets our goal of bringing together people from around the world to combat the climate crisis , live earth founder and executive producer kevin wall said in a statement tuesday . musicians who have answered our call span multiple genres and generations .
survivors were being treated at hospitals , the agency reported .
meanwhile , the methodology the military is using to gauge violence in baghdad has already come under fire .
some officials worry that a dry winter could cause serious water supply problems later in the year .
her closest opponent , former security chief regina ip , who had the backing of beijing allied parties , received , , or . percent of votes .
also on sunday , the u . s . ambassador to serbia called on the country s leaders to do more to protect foreign diplomatic missions .
cpl . gilad shalit was kidnapped from an israeli border post near gaza june .
north and south korea along with china and the united states will start discussions to replace the armistice treaty which ended the korean war in with a peace treaty , a steppingstone to a normalized relationship between the u . s . and north korea , according to sources on monday .
the , ton japanese tanker was kilometers east of the yemeni port of aden en route to saudi arabia when the attack took place , according to a statement from the owner , nippon yusen k . k .
the fighting is seen to come at a particularly unfortunate moment , with discussions about to take place between the au and un to pave the way for peace talks between government and rebels .
although i will miss the rest of the season , i m thrilled with the fact that last week was such a special tournament , woods said .
he said a christian democrat led government will want more regional autonomy for flanders , belgium s dutch speaking northern half and francophone wallonia talk that scares walloon politicians who fear dutch speaking belgians are out to break up belgium .
this afternoon we sent a helicopter with doctors , nurses , and local authorities .
officials with the united nations , unicef and human rights groups said they are seeing promising signs , years after the united nations first addressed the issue .
winds that blew as hard as mph on sunday dropped to mph on monday , mph on tuesday and continued to ease wednesday .
the cdc said a lyme disease vaccine was once available but was taken off the market in , after the company that made it reported poor sales .
britannia said of the rig s workers were evacuated to two nearby platforms before the operation came to a halt .
those who suffered real damage , the small people who lost jobs or pension funds in the swissair bankruptcy , will get nothing , he told swiss tv .
a third party employed by daewoo conducted negotiations , and south korean diplomats said they weren t directly involved in the talks .
welcome to this week s cnn football fanzone free for all !
she dreams of being a teacher , and for three hours a day , she gets to be a little girl with big dreams .
the six survivors who were treated and released from brunswick community hospital are also usc students , he said .
washington cnn six nuclear warheads on cruise missiles were mistakenly carried on a flight from north dakota to louisiana last week , prompting a major investigation , military officials have confirmed .
in an interview with reuters , the taliban spokesman echoed that no operation had started to rescue the captives .
nadal pulled out of the season ending shanghai event last week citing fatigue after a long season in which he s played in matches .
ap s sophia manos reports that the head of the irs feels the government can do a better job
at meters long , there is nothing quite as luxurious as the world s largest and most expensive super yacht
the bbc reports least other people died in the attack and several more were injured .
the u . s . ships received a threatening radio transmission indicating the boats were closing in on them and the u . s . ships would explode , said vice adm . kevin cosgriff , commander of the bahrain based u . s . th fleet .
the president elect already has said he ll have a five day online comment period before signing any nonemergency legislation , so americans can be part of the process .
the washingtonian magazine once dubbed russert the best and most influential journalist in washington , describing meet the press as the most interesting and important hour on television .
in order to attract foreign currency , zimbabwe s central bank has , since september , licensed at least , shops to sell goods in foreign currency .
free tibet campaign officials said they had written to the prince of wales asking him to stay away from the event , which begins on august .
due to concerns about kidnappings , and lack of a tourism infrastructure , independent travel is not easy or recommended , especially for a single western woman .
this morning the president elect is laying a wreath at the tomb of the unknowns in arlington cemetery , then going to worship services at a yet to be announced washington church .
the democratic majority , which seems to be pulling in the direction of fewer tax , uh , less tax relief
the price of a basic first class stamp is up cents , to cents , and several other rates are higher , too .
it s in its th and final season .
she s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing
the third defendant to hang is hussein rashid mohammed , former deputy general commander of the iraqi armed force , assistant chief of staff for military operations , and former republican guard commander .
yellow buses will be like shuttle buses , taking passengers to close destinations only within one zone and blue buses will be direct lines that cover two or three zones .
merkel and israeli prime minister ehud olmert chaired a joint session of members of the two countries cabinets , at which both governments signed off on a range of projects , including in education , the environment and defense .
kang chul hwan , who defected to south korea in , remembers textbooks telling the tale of an american missionary tattooing thief on a korean boy who picked an apple from his orchard .
and a key hip joint is percent larger in women than men when body size is taken into account .
that s quite a turnaround for a country whose leadership , less than years ago , refused to even acknowledge any of their citizens were intellectually disabled .
congress has held a series of hearings into whether the firing of the prosecutors was politically motivated , as opponents of president bush say .
craig , the blond bond , has the best opening weekend with more than million .
a taleban spokesman on sunday said the group had extended the deadline for negotiations for hours for their demands to be met .
in kazakhstan desertification has meant that nearly percent of cropland has been abandoned since .
confidence in the stock market evaporated almost from the opening bell , with the dow jones industrial average sinking below , about minutes into trading .
bhutto returned to pakistan on october after eight years in self imposed exile .
the artist , who has long focused on large format sketches and other designs , said he had been planning to put an anonymous face on barcelona s mediterranean beachfront but shelved the idea .
on land , hike or bike the chincoteague national wildlife refuge s mile woodland trail to an observation platform overlooking the ponies habitat .
ex the performers took their curtain call .
a senior member of chancellor angela merkel s conservative party sparked outrage among german jews and politicians by saying a former colleague and third reich military judge was not a nazi , according to a reuters report .
the new york philharmonic orchestra is preparing to play a historic concert in north korea on tuesday but no word yet on whether leader kim jong il will attend .
captain mark coulbourne knows where the horses hang out tours run may through october .
the year old anthony has three other children .
the police announced on thursday that two men had been arrested and would appear in court on friday on charges of murder .
the blackberry service , which lets users check e mail and access other data , has become a lifeline for many business executives and is increasingly popular among consumers with smart phones like the blackberry pearl .
harry is supposed to have made the remarks in in an airport departure lounge as soldiers waited to go on a training exercise .
people who use the internet , technicians who build it , businesses that make money off it and governments that try to control it .
relations were already bad after an australian cricket tour was cancelled .
preliminary tests indicate the virus of being a harmless strain , the ministry of agriculture and forestry said in a statement .
but with beijing already running a big budget deficit , many are waiting to see how much it can afford to spend on those efforts in the budget due to be unveiled during the congress .
some live munitions may have been left behind at that location , which could have been the cause of the explosion , moaeyri said .
at the time , former prime minister li peng was quoted as saying , mentally retarded people give birth to idiots .
the joong ang ilbo reports major internet sites offering adult content announced yesterday they will ask a court to determine the legality of their content after people were indicted sunday on charges of distributing pornographic material .
the bush white house is opposed to reviving the military draft , despite a stretched all volunteer force in iraq and afghanistan .
french transport workers went on strike tuesday evening , marking the second major showdown with french president nicolas sarkozy over his plan to reform pensions .
the idea behind the post is to make sure washington is responsive to military and civilian needs on a timely basis and reduce bureaucratic problems that have hampered war efforts , the official said .
we can t have this on german streets , we can t have this in schools and at the workplace .
the awards , featuring a much hyped opening number by britney spears , are set to air live sunday from the palms hotel .
their year old son helps care for his father .
mo o reilly , director of child placement for the british association for adoption and fostering , said released a statement saying thirty or years ago it would have been more likely that twins be separated and brought up without knowledge of each other .
winger joe cole gave steve mcclaren s side a th minute lead with a crisp half volley before beckham set up peter crouch for the second in the th minute and then lined up michael owen for the third in the nd .
benedetti joined the vatican police corps in april , the statement said .
and senate majority leader harry reid s office said congressional democrats are moving forward with a measure similar to what has been done before .
enemies won t test me , mccain says
movie goers , particularly in their teens and s , boosted the domestic market share of south korean films to almost percent last year as they found fresh interest in home grown films .
so i ve had a really hard time finding any money to pay rent with .
the indian capital , a city of million , most of them hindu , is getting a makeover as it prepares to host the commonwealth games in , with new flyovers being built , roads widened , and metro rail services extended to new areas .
ainslie s victory at beijing
we reject a monopoly of power by one group or faction , abbas said .
jim carrey on films , depression and love
there was no immediate response from the white house .
it s something that s being done on advice of her doctor , but is something that s very common for women of that age .
china paid for the reconstruction of grenada s stadium , which was destroyed by hurricane ivan in , and some chinese workers helped rebuild the venue in time to host cricket world cup matches in april .
it s not known if they reached an agreement .
blair on wednesday rejected suggestions a military conflict was likely .
bahk byong won , the chief negotiator for inter korean economic cooperation , said on tuesday that economic aid to the north was not free and that seoul had clearly sent that message in previous meetings between the two koreas .
thursday s child abduction is the third this year , according to local media .
attorney general alberto gonzales on wednesday toured a jewish cultural center bombed in and said the united states supports argentina s efforts to seek justice for its worst terrorist attack .
unite said the strikes would lead to severe disruptions during a normally busy period , while baa called on the union to return to talks .
any lawyer who attempted to enter the lahore or islamabad courthouse tuesday was immediately arrested , witnesses said .
the abuse of iraqi prisoners by u . s . soldiers threatens bush s rationale .
the attack on the house was the deadliest airstrike since last tuesday when israel started reprisals for the rocket barrages .
the british government about six months ago accepted the dutch request to take him back .
he is said to be an english teacher at a school in south korea .
the white house confirmed earlier thursday that the u . s . treasury department is looking at buying equity stakes in some u . s . banks .
district attorney brad foulk said he would not discuss those details to protect the family s privacy and because authorities planned to conduct more interviews .
the year old powell dominated the race ahead of norway s saidy ndure jaysuma . and world champion from st kitts and nevis , kim collins . .
sgt . adam hutton of the harwich police department said information has been broadcast to all the other police departments in the cape cod area in hopes of drumming up a clue , however minor it may be .
insurgents also went on the attack in baghdad and another salaheddin town , samarra .
he said there would be setbacks , but the goal of creating a multi ethnic and multi faith iraq remained unchanged .
roger federer began his bid for a first rome masters crown with an efficient win over spain s nicolas almagro on tuesday .
korea needs to foster its feelings toward foreign investors to make the nation the best place to invest in the world , jones said in a speech he made in korean during the session of the korea forum for progress in myong dong .
mrs . clinton has more than cleared that bar , using her years in the senate well to immerse herself in national security issues , and has won the respect of world leaders and many in the american military .
chile s supreme court ruled friday that former peruvian president alberto fujimori can be extradited to peru on five corruption and two human rights abuse charges .
a lot has changed in the past week , doherty added .
the interfax news agency cited sources in the russian special services saying a gang of suicide bombers would attempt to kill putin in tehran .
instead we used co laser to melt the tumor and then shave it off .
she ran away from her abusive husband and was kidnapped several years later by lower caste bandits who roamed the lawless chambal ravines in india s central hindu heartland .
the korea herald reports park joon woo , director general of the ministry s asia pacific affairs bureau called in urabe toshinao , minister at the japanese mission here , and protested strongly about comments by the japanese ambassador on wednesday claiming sovereignty over the easternmost islets .
foreigners will get permanent residence status from sept . when they invest more than , and employ more than five koreans .
it ll take all of us , working together , to lead the way out .
based on the results , the team plans to present a complete roadmap to english education early next month .
washington cnn after meeting thursday at the white house , president bush and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas expressed hope that peace can be achieved in the middle east before bush s term ends in january .
north korea s nuclear test was entirely attributable to the united states nuclear threat , sanctions and pressure .
the supreme court , which handles citizens property registration documents , temporarily closed its online registry services effective yesterday morning in response to indications that government transcripts can be easily altered and forged online .
the government run vicente sotto memorial medical center in the central city of cebu , where the surgery took place , is conducting an investigation , a spokesman said wednesday .
the battle , lebanon s worst internal violence since the civil war , killed soldiers , at least militants and more than civilians .
deputy prime minister and finance economy minister kwon o kyu has arranged a series of meetings with business editors and editorial writers next week .
last year , about . million articles coursed through the center , making it possibly the world s single biggest lost and found .
sollecito has said he was at home the night that kercher was killed .
for the vigil , fans gather in the four lane street in front of graceland for an opening ceremony .
toyota is set this year to end general motors corp .
that signifies very complex movement in isolated sites and that makes our operation very difficult , expensive and , at times , problematic due to issues of security , he told cnn en espa ntilde
four nose cone fuses for intercontinental ballistic missiles were shipped instead of the helicopter batteries that taiwan had requested , air force secretary michael wynne said .
kcna said the uss james e . williams and a helicopter rushed to the scene and helped the sailors in fighting , threatening the pirates over walkie talkie .
a spokesman for the government said that large public gatherings are generally inadvisable and the political parties should refrain from holding public meetings and rallies .
the dalai lama s role includes providing private teaching sessions with students and faculty during emory s study abroad program in dharamsala , india , and opportunities for university community members to attend his annual teachings .
the man said his motive was financial difficulties .
rome , italy cnn vatican police have detained a man who tried to jump into the back of the open air vehicle carrying pope benedict xvi to his weekly address in st . peter s square .
aaron rifkin is one of some , tourists stranded in thailand .
opposition parties and civic groups demonstrated against alleged fraudulent activity in the electoral process and demanded an overhaul of malaysia s electoral commission ahead of general elections widely expected for early next year .
it wants to hold onto the stronger , more profitable operations with better facilities .
four decades after martin luther king jr . s death and just weeks after barack obama s win in the iowa caucus a cnn poll finds more americans than ever before believe the country is ready for a black president .
when the organizers allowed me to take part in the preliminaries this time , i thought that there was a change in the chinese policy , she said .
noaa says the drought is affecting percent of the united states , not including alaska and hawaii .
the mistake was discovered after the plane s flight to louisiana .
he died early wednesday at a hospital in colombo , sri lanka , where he had lived since the s , chase said .
the city of rome avoided further disruption by making a late night deal thursday with taxi drivers .
owen s exit heralded the introduction of jermain defoe for one of his rare appearances and the tottenham man must now have a good chance of starting next week .
many teenagers , while out running errands such as collecting firewood , are raped multiple times by militiamen , the workers say .
see , the american public , i think , in the last uh , hours has come to view this as something that affects them personally , they saw their k plan , for instance , very substantially reduced in value on monday .
wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq .
interview in years .
obama is taking the big tent approach to governing and wanted a cabinet that stretches the tent wide .
but it also highlights troubles at sony amid a series of blunders over the rollout of its playstation and intense competition from nintendo co . s popular wii console and microsoft s xbox .
on the bright side , said the economy should get better in the next year .
. avocado
moss wore one of her own creations , a full length red chiffon dress retailing for pound
under the road map , israel must halt west bank settlement activity and palestinians must dismantle militant groups .
relations between hindus , who make up more than percent of india s population , and muslims , who account for about million of india s . billion people , have been relatively peaceful since the bloody partition of the subcontinent into india and muslim pakistan at independence from britain in . but there have been sporadic bouts of violence .
the world s largest city will spend licking its financial wounds .
his lawyer says the former falcons quarterback convicted in connection with dog fighting is headed for a couple more months of home confinement in virginia .
then , demonstrators were chosen to enter the building housing the bronze tomb through a side door and under police guard .
troops conducting house to house searches in mosul found six teens , ages to , who were being trained to perpetrate attacks against iraqi security forces , said ministry spokesman maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf .
freezing rain , meanwhile , glazing streets and highways in the chicago area .
prosecutors had requested a six month prison sentence for mario corti , the last chief executive of now defunct swissair , and a range of suspended sentences for other airline executives , board members and consultants .
some scientists think toxic algae is to blame .
another includes handprints someone left as he steadied himself in a precarious spot , only to slide a short way down the slope .
he said that highly polluting , small thermal power plants and backward iron foundries and steel mills would be shut , and market forces and taxes would be used to save energy and cut pollution in other industries such as cement and aluminum .
it s a big problem .
construction of the plant was expected to be completed in september , interfax said , but was delayed because of lack of financing and delayed equipment deliveries from other countries .
advisers to the food and drug administration said there were too many questions about potential side effects to support u . s . approval .
russia s new u . n . ambassador andrey denisov pledged to work for unity on the security council as it addresses iraq and other issues that once bitterly divided the member group .
the seattle based company said music company emi , home to artists ranging from coldplay to norah jones to joss stone to pink floyd , has licensed its digital catalog to amazon , the second such deal in a month .
ma ying jeou is being indicted because the investigation has shown million new taiwan dollars us , of public money was diverted to his private account , between and , chang said .
eva weinberg , , my cousin s daughter , has lost her fleece somewhere in the messy condo .
a new national poll suggests the battle for the democratic presidential nomination between senators hillary clinton and barack obama is a virtual tie .
we will explore necessary countermeasures , including further strengthening all deterrents , the north s foreign ministry said in a statement .
we have a whole range of different disciplinary measures , beginning with a warning , then fines and so on , the spokesman added .
the korea herald reports the incentives would take effect in july .
edinburgh , stansted , glasgow , aberdeen and southampton are the other airports affected .
give yourself at least an hour a day when you completely unplug from electronic devices .
most buy sports shoes to feel sporty without feeling sweaty .
a recent pew survey from march showed mccain s support among women lagging far behind that of his democratic rivals .
one man was in critical condition with head and chest injuries , and another man , who was inside the elevator , was in stable condition with head and arm injuries , police spokeswoman officer yolanda dawkins said .
yeltsin , remembered both as as the man who dismantled the soviet union following his election in and for his failings in office , died on monday at the age of .
twenty six polish pilgrims died when their coach crashed off a mountain road at a notorious accident black spot in the french alps and burst into flames , police and officials say .
the company said it was looking into whether the allegations were true .
the site of the blast is about meters from the town hall in cangas .
truly landlocked , with no seaport , no airport , and not even a train station .
a canadian man won t be available for a relationship over the next three years by court order .
ms suu kyi , who is now , has spent of the last years in detention .
the unification ministry said seoul and pyongyang will hold a working level meeting to discuss the resumption of bilateral ministerial talks which are expected to deal with food and fertilizer aid to the impoverished state .
providence , rhode island cnn voters in four states will go to the polls tuesday with a good chance at making the difference in deciding the democratic and republican presidential nominees .
with no one buying cars , owners are fixing the ones they have .
zebari met yesterday with us deputy secretary of state richard armitage , the most senior u . s . official to visit iraq since the transfer of sovereignty .
it is not sold to the general public .
the planes , which can cruise below radar , carry some soldiers .
a deputy interior minister on saturday told reuters that force might be used if talks fail .
muhammed parvez s lawyer , joseph ciraco , said the family is distraught .
the two buildings were hit almost simultaneously in a day bookended by morning and evening attacks .
senate seat , gain campaign contributions for signing laws , refusing to provide medicaid reimbursement to a significant children s hospital here in chicago , get a editorial writer at the trib fired , there is also this serious concern that absolutely everything that he does from here on out is going to be tainted .
writing on monday in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences , the researchers said people walking on a treadmill used just a quarter of the energy relative to their size compared to chimpanzees knuckle walking on four legs .
some have feared for the unwanted freelancers safety .
toilet paper , diapers , laundry soap , dog food and soda . big orders also come in for toys during christmas and children s birthdays , said store manager marty howard .
the us and the eu are to normalize ties with the new palestinian government , lifting emergencies on aid to support an administration without hamas .
there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage .
the company was investigating the incidents and checking the machines for any signs of malfunction .
fredric j . baur , of cincinnati , died may at vitas hospice in cincinnati , his family said .
founder charlie scott and his small team of luxury travel hunters use their extensive travel knowledge and local contacts to organize trips catered to their clients desires and budgets , either giving them a detailed itinerary or putting them in contact with locals or guides .
he says they re not playing mad scientist and insists this actually has a unique medical purpose .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code total id popsci . com
the saudi oil minister indicates that no measures will likely be taken until opec meets again next month .
currently , doctors without borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs
gates says there would be no problem locking up suspected terrorists in maximum security prisons in the states
president roh moo hyun , monday , said he expected a bumpy road ahead for the disarmament talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program but he stressed the need to resolve the crisis caused by the north s nuclear test on oct .
the mobile tactical high energy laser mthel is being developed by trw for the army and the israeli defense ministry .
and it will fix you a latte if you ask , she jokes .
the minute video also included footage of a masked man at a diagram board apparently the planning stage of the attack followed by nighttime video of an apparent attack , and video from arabic language tv network al jazeera of soldiers searching fields .
the search is resuming for a missing child who was inside a san diego house .
two military officials , who discussed the potential deployment only on the condition of anonymity , said the new troops have not been selected .
cnn choking back tears , the president of east timor said goodbye wednesday to the australian hospital staff who took care of him for five weeks following an assassination attempt at home .
as violence and crimes among school gangs , well known as iljinhoi , are getting worse , the government and law enforcement authorities have launched an intensive investigation and are encouraging gang members to voluntarily report to police .
last month , the ms nordkapp cruise ship hit rocks near deception island , off the antarctic peninsula , spilling diesel oil into the bay .
it turns off the well known security products , so you have to double check that they re running , and turn them back on or reinstall them .
the suspension of the campaign from p . m . until p . m . was intended to allow residents of the hamas ruled palestinian territory to receive food and medical supplies .
a government source close to the negotiations told the pro opposition korea times that it is a foregone conclusion that the deal will be concluded by the saturday deadline .
hazem al araji , who read the cleric s order on iraqi state tv , said it applies to all members of the fighting force .
zoo spokeswoman lora lamarca said zoo officials could not comment on how the year old siberian tiger named tatiana had managed to get out of its habitat
boston , massachusetts ap the nonprofit that aims to seed the developing world with inexpensive laptop computers for schoolchildren has made peace with intel corp . , the project s most powerful rival .
according to ap , brazil s deadliest crash before tuesday occurred last september when a gol aerolinhas inteligentes sa boeing collided with an executive jet over the amazon rainforest , killing people .
each rover must also be equipped with high definition video and still cameras to document the journey .
a new national poll suggests barack obama is widening his lead over john mccain in the race for the white house .
as far as i m concerned i m out here as a normal jtac on the ground and not as prince harry he said .
maybe we should fire some people .
likewise , a medical worker told cnn the explosion killed eight people , including a young child and at least one foreign national .
xanana gusmao , revered for his role in east timor s struggle for freedom from indonesia , is making a bid to strip power from the fretilin party that has dominated politics since independence in .
kryptonite , which robbed superman of his powers , is no longer the stuff of comic books and films .
he says that can definitely make a difference in the classroom .
local prices are so high and inventory so sparse that seitz , like many alaskans living far from the road system , buys nearly all her food and household staples from big box chain stores in cities hundreds of miles away .
obama is expected to use his executive authority to reverse bush s order limiting the types of embryonic stem cell research that can receive federal tax dollars .
limit on the number of adopted children per one family , now standing at five , will also be lifted .
the world health organization called on governments to ban cigarette ads and to launch anti smoking campaigns .
manila , philippines cnn filipino coast guard rescuers knocked on the overturned hull of a capsized ferry sunday evening , hoping to hear any sign of life among the missing passengers , a red cross official told cnn .
the by inch photo was bought by an anonymous bidder on behalf of a collector , christie s said .
britain s olympic sailing hero ben ainslie has clinched the international sailing federation isaf rolex world sailor of the year crown for a record third time .
the judges said there was no reason to continue holding him but that he presented a continuing and significant threat .
this is not something that was planned or orchestrated in any way .
an iranian official slammed what he called ridiculous and false claims from u . s . officials about the arrest of a foreign citizen in iraq and his relation with iran .
the couple own homes in london , los angeles , california , and new york , and a , acre retreat in wiltshire , england .
lisi baker , , uses a wheelchair , meaning that the trails that lace up and down vermont s green mountains are largely inaccessible to her .
starbucks , which last week announced layoffs , plans to temporarily close its , u . s . stores on tuesday for three hours of employee training .
the presentation of vips and of others who have won permission from the vatican to personally greet the pope traditionally takes place at the end of the audience , following the pope s homily to the faithful .
intense campaigning today in georgia in a run off election for senate .
one of them apologized for her crime and fled to the united states . later she even changed her name .
organizers said monday the race will start in buenos aires on january and finish in the argentine capital days later .
many of the survivors climbed out of an exit door onto the wing .
they rushed to the suspect s house in kashiwa , east of tokyo , and found the suspect , yoshio kiuchi , slumped on the floor and splattered with blood , the official said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy .
cedar rapids .
shipman has filed for a restraining order on nowak in brevard county , where shipman lives and works , according to a copy of the order on brevard county s web site .
the top court referred the case back to the seoul high court .
korea yesterday agreed to accept a u . s . request to hold additional talks over their bilateral free trade agreement , despite public criticism here over reopening an already sealed deal .
in short , everything is interconnected .
andrew speaker will have surgery at the university of colorado hospital in suburban aurora , but the date has not been set .
korea alliance , but asked korea to pay more to support the u . s . troops here .
the grainy video showed the former leader being told to go to hell by someone attending the hanging .
bush said the summit would include developed and developing nations from around the world .
monday s news from wachovia supported oil prices by making the u . s . dollar less attractive , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore .
a , acre chunk of land near weipa in the far north of irwin s home state of queensland will be named after the popular television host and managed by his family , environment minister malcolm turnbull said .
federal drug agents have taken over the probe into whether astin improperly prescribed testosterone and other drugs to benoit before the wrestler killed his wife and son and committed suicide in his suburban atlanta home last month .
the demonstration was the largest ever since the june , , rally against the authoritarian rule of then president chun doo hwan .
dr . fisher theorizes that this is a female mechanism for mate choice .
he said the official declared that the stars of china will forever fly over tibet and we can smash the dalai clique .
with this murder , its timing , location and method zionists , if you want this kind of open war , let the whole world listen let this war be open .
the blaze started in two adjacent rooms on the fifth floor of the story central government building just after a . m .
britney spears threw a baby bottle and threatened two photographers after they took pictures of her leaving a las vegas spa , the photographers said in a statement tuesday .
the george washington bridge opens .
jol appeared a man on the brink after tottenham fell behind but his side dug deep to earn a point on the evening of their th anniversary celebrations although they remain third bottom of the table .
ivanovic , whose runner up finish to sharapova at the australian open propelled her to number two in the world , faces italy s tathiana garbin .
more are now expected .
economist mark lansey says the economic stress is really straining the job market .
foreign minister song min soon on wednesday described the ongoing efforts to dismantle north korea s nuclear weapons program as fragile .
since the storm limited visibility to six feet , all of a sudden i could not see the plunging cliffs .
communist cuba frowned on religion for decades , but relations between the catholic church and government warmed after pope john paul ii s visit in .
faced repeated takeover attempts as the world s exchanges respond to competitive pressures and globalized trading opportunities .
enron has about billion in debt and other claims could hit billion to billion , an air china jet carrying passengers and crewmembers has crashed in rain and fog into a mountain near south korea s second largest city of busan .
four rescue helicopters and a search plane are headed to that crash site , along with a coast guard ship and a supply ship .
vitamin d is a key component in helping the body respond to many different kinds of assaults and stimuli , says robert heaney , ph . d . , professor of medicine at creighton university in omaha , nebraska .
the change was not prompted by any specific intelligence , the tsa said .
salem chalabi heads the tribunal that is trying ousted iraqi leader saddam hussein . he s wanted for murder .
las vegas , nevada cnn pamela anderson and rick salomon married saturday evening between the former baywatch star s performances on the las vegas strip , according to published reports .
she showed her affinity for the chinese people and her affinity for shanghai . she didn t say any bad things , said tang .
that meeting ushered in improved ties and reconciliation between the two sides , who remain technically at war .
gibson and principal , who live in in different areas of malibu , were both evacuated early monday morning .
aljibury said the chinese agreement is to produce about , barrels of oil a day , while the vietnamese one is for about , .
we know this started as a domestic dispute
newcastle manager sam allardyce took off owen , unable to repeat his england heroics against the basement club , for obafemi martins after minutes as the magpies desperately sought a cutting edge .
, iran ripped the bush administration for rhetoric that came before monday s release of the estimate .
simpson told the associated press in november that the advance had already been spent , some of it on tax obligations .
both the pentagon and the white house denied thursday evening there were any plans to close the facility .
john kleeman of litchfield , connecticut , an attorney and space culture enthusiast , said he knows of variations of the flying saucer design in florida , connecticut and california .
on monday , the catholic church will close one phase of its investigation into john paul s saintliness as it keeps up the momentum to have the beloved pope beatified .
officials involved in separate , international talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program confirmed that pyongyang had committed to a timetable to disable its nuclear facilities .
an fbi spokesman is telling us that the birmingham mayor in alabama , larry langford , has now been arrested on undisclosed federal charges .
the reply of course , said youssif s mother , zainab .
mosley admits to visiting the prostitutes , but denies there were nazi overtones to the encounter .
distressed farmers are using firecrackers and air riffles to chase them from their villages .
one of the new president s most important appointees is on the job
the senate approved the measure late thursday by , and the white house said the president would sign the bill .
boren said the cause of death was not yet known . an autopsy is planned .
today , in paris , french finance minister christine lagarde praised the u . s . action .
patan said the pair were now in the political offices in the ghazni province s capital , also called ghazni .
prior to atlantis arrival , astronaut danny olivas took additional photographs from inside the shuttle of the area where the thermal blanket had peeled back .
at least two other people carrying pro tibet signs were carried away by police .
a friend who has known kate mccann for years agreed that it was unthinkable that the mccanns would have harmed their child .
new york cnn a group representing thousands of taxi drivers said last week it will idle cabs in september if the city goes ahead with a plan to require installation of gps tracking systems .
they also have two kids .
but since her party controls both houses , there is little likelihood of major changes .
oh , this is so terrible she is winning the general election , and he is not .
the al qaeda organization has dominated and humiliated sunnis , shiites and jihadis .
the times says the u . s . needs a president who displays grace under pressure , is not prone to volatile gestures , and understands the legal foundations of american freedom .
the violence began may , when lebanese internal security forces were conducting raids in a tripoli neighborhood , triggering clashes near the refugee camp . army sources said militants from fatah al islam fired on the forces , who then returned fire .
it was injected into orbit on thursday , jaxa said on its web site .
the north s official news agency kcna has announced blastings at construction sites of hydro power stations in the north of korea had taken place .
according to its web site , international academy s goal is to prepare students for college and successful careers and to foster an understanding of different cultures , a love of learning , and desire for excellence in all of its students .
she was something that earthed me , grounded me , and i thought , this isn t right , this can t be right , she cannot grow up with me in this state .
a mistake we make is thinking that sleep is optional , he said .
four u . s . soldiers died in a roadside bombing in iraq on sunday , military officials reported , bringing the american toll in the year old war to the grim milestone of , deaths .
tsuo says he had trouble in the early days persuading people to invest in his start up business .
one example of an obsessive online correspondent and critic
the move makes good on a threat issued last week after iraq s prime minister rejected a timetable for the withdrawal of u . s . led troops , said al ageili .
fight the future .
but no country cares more passionately about them .
as many as million people lived in the delta , the low lying region that suffered the brunt of the storm .
wall street in the first minutes
thursday s suspected test off the west coast may have been carried out after a similar test failed on may th , when the north test fired missiles off the east coast , a south korean official was quoted as saying earlier .
the farm is miles northeast of central london .
unfortunately , after all those years out on the trail , the meet and greets , the fundraisers , the stump speeches , i ve finally come to terms with the fact that this is a mantle i wasn t meant to hold , he says in the letter , which was signed matty .
the shooting began late on saturday when dozens of bullets struck the county courthouse and ripped through an emergency dispatch centre .
men also face harsh punishment under sharia law in countries such as saudia arabia and iran , but sentences delivered by the courts tend to be biased against women .
he took the title lord black of crossharbour .
lopez alegria , the last out of the capsule , sighed with relief , smiled and talked to the support crew as doctors measured the men s vital signs .
the year old s hair is bound in neat braids , he drives a jeep and is married to a british national twice his age .
jankovic led when th seed dementieva , battling an apparent back injury for which she received treatment after the first set , decided she could not continue .
at the cramped apartment where he shared a bedroom with his mother , police found his chessboard with numbers on its squares all the way up to .
arch rival virgin atlantic airways blew the whistle on ba last year after individuals at the two carriers discussed proposed changes to fuel surcharges for long flights .
arriving with one of the group s lawyers , she did not answer any of the reporters questions , but only said , i will faithfully respond to the investigation .
and this complicated new process is leaving applicants bewildered and upset .
he said the united states has already notified south korea and china of its intention to impose more pressure on the north under a recently adopted u . n .
yonhap news agency reports president lee myung bak wednesday replaced two of his scandal ridden ministers designate to avoid political wrangling with opposition parties amid growing concerns about the delayed formation of his cabinet .
the bank of korea and the ministry of finance and economy said that they are monitoring the currency market closely and would take steps to dampen any speculation .
but the tough economy is bringing people back to the ways of old times , when quantity beat quality .
oil prices have fallen back sharply over the last dozen days after climbing above a barrel on may .
cnn a teenager described as a boy scout saved maldivian president maumoon abdul gayoom from a knife attack tuesday , a presidential spokesman said .
australian customs service national investigations manager richard janeczko said some contraband items were taken , but didn t identify them .
elektra mattered , holzman says in a phone interview from his home in santa monica , california , because it had a vision .
before coming to japan , the secretary of state s asian tour has been dominated by north korea and efforts to jump start denuclearization talks as she met with officials in china and south korea .
the charity also appealed for intervention by the international community to avert the crisis .
the difference between the two days really struck year old seo jeong hwa , who joined the seoul event with her year old daughter .
the headline in the berlin tabloid bz read , train drivers , you re striking on our nerves !
if the ordinance is approved , robesonia would likely become the first municipality in the state to impose such a ban , according to the pennsylvania state association of township supervisors .
krugman has been a harsh critic of the bush administration and the republican party in the new york times , where he writes a regular column and has a blog called conscience of a liberal .
obviously it s a big loss to us , said deputy white house press secretary dana perino . he is a great colleague , good friend and a brilliant mind .
the year old singer died two days after doctors at st . francis hospital in poughkeepsie took him off life support , said family friend and spokeswoman celia novo .
that s on top of , positions already eliminated .
he turned to specifics quickly .
dadullah and five others were seized near the gaddal post in qila saifullah , a town in baluchistan province in pakistan on the border with afghanistan , according to lt . col . baseer haider malik .
ramos horta , who won the nobel peace prize for his nonviolent resistance to the decades long indonesian occupation , was shot in the chest and stomach by gunmen in two cars around dawn monday , officials said .
there were , people in ullevi stadium who bought a ticket to our concert and experienced a completely different show than the one you reviewed , the letter said .
voting ends in the state at p . m .
for a one day taste of paradise , park in marahau and take a water taxi to anchorage beach
a senate committee named the islamic american relief agency as a group with suspected links to international terrorism in .
the president was on the horn to space a short while ago ?
flags were flying at half staff , and television stations took entertainment programs off the air , in accordance with putin s decree , reuters reported .
the satellite is five years beyond its life expectancy and operating on a backup transmitter .
if he were to resume power he would be wearing an olive green uniform , cnn s shasta darlington in havana reported . since he handed power july last year to raul , we have only seen him in track suits .
unlike the u . s . , where congress is required to approve the military budget , china s military is extremely secretive and rarely releases information on its spending .
on saturday , the carrier was moored just outside the breakwater of pusan harbor on south korea s southeast coast .
nagoya police said they could not comment on the case , but kyodo said that fire officials called to the scene did not detect hydrogen sulfide gas .
his arrival was greeted by loud cheers from the many thousands of pilgrims who had packed st peter s square as news of his election spread across rome .
uk parliamentarians and celebrities launched a bid to impeach tony blair .
a french tourist and his daughter are missing and feared drowned .
jankovic , world ranked number three , is aiming for her fifth title this year after going out to davenport in a bad tempered quarterfinal match in bali .
the indictment charges hsu , , with six counts of mail fraud , six counts of wire fraud and three counts of violating the federal election campaign act , which limits individual campaign contributions .
he read from st paul s letter to the ephesians .
kuala lumpur , malaysia cnn a palestinian man managed to stow away in a wheel well of an airplane flying from kuala lumpur to singapore , prompting malaysian officials to order a probe into how he breached security , reports said sunday .
the whole chassis will be designed so that it can flat pack for easy and efficient transportation .
we humans were not even monkeys then . . .
cnn battling blustery weather , a lufthansa airlines flight scraped its wing on the ground during a landing attempt in hamburg , germany , over the weekend .
amid the outcry over his on air racial slur , imus said thursday that he had apologized enough and that he will not go on some talk show tour .
while these three officers have served their country and corps exceedingly well for decades , their actions , inactions and decisions in the aftermath of the haditha incident did not meet the high standards we expect of marine senior officer leadership , gen . james t . conway , commandant of the marine corps , said in a written statement .
what the blue pill couldn t cure
hussein chalayan , twice british designer of the year , has used his shows to experiment with dresses that glow with built in leds or emit spectacular red lasers .
the voice on the tape says his health is worsening and he needs medical help .
the formal signing of the contract is due in early december in libya .
the jury must decide whether or not he is of sound mind .
he also took a veiled swipe at zuma , saying the anc needed leadership seized with ethical fervor .
nine people were still missing and feared dead .
wood indicated to kpho that he , too , had not heard any assertions the boy had been abused , despite media assertions that abuse could be related to a motive in the case .
in a response thursday , obama campaign spokesman hari sevugan said mccain was raising old allegations rather than talking about the issues .
he is the fifth different brazilian to win the title joining ronaldo who has won the trophy three times ronaldinho , romario and rivaldo .
but chelsea drew level just before half time .
the iraqi leader , however , was executed december after being found guilty in the killing of people in the shiite town of dujail .
last summer , eu ministers expressed misgivings about parts of the program , and it is possible that traveling to one of those countries may involve answering more questions and a different and possibly confusing application process .
after being convicted of embezzlement , park yong sung , the former chairman of doosan group , was suspended from his seat on the international olympic committee .
the american plans augur the biggest shift in the u . s . troop deployment on south korean soil since the early s , when the two allies coordinated the removal of , u . s . soldiers .
speaking on cnn tuesday , minister sheikh rashid ahmad said a majority of pakistan s cabinet ministers agreed that the charges against bhutto should be lifted , allowing her to participate in parliamentary elections scheduled for later this year or early next year .
the ap s warren levinson has more
our job over here isn t to do what s comfortable for us , and it isn t to do what we want , he said .
as a result of gambari s trip , detained opposition leader aung san suu kyi was allowed friday to meet the leaders of her opposition party for the first time in three years .
at least people have died in storms in shandong province on the east coast .
she was questioned by police last wednesday , arrested for alleged possession of a controlled drug , and released on unconditional bail a day later .
obama s replacement would be up for re election in .
the winner of the contest would get to come to america to learn how to pitch .
for the first time in korean history , the defense ministry seeks to introduce a german style parliamentary watchdog system under which the national assembly appointed ombudsman is entitled to monitor possible human rights abuses of soldiers , a ministry spokesman said on sunday .
that s taken as a nasty slap over former president bill clinton s affair with an intern .
with percent of republican precincts reporting , mccain had percent of the vote .
with a sweep in the potomac primaries on tuesday , obama moved into the lead in the race for democratic delegates on the strength of eight straight primary and caucus wins .
former pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif and asif ali zardari , the husband of slain former prime minister benazir bhutto , called the deal a national consensus and said it would extend into provincial assemblies .
phelps , who also won the medley , freestyle , butterfly , butterfly and two relays , became the first person to win seven gold medals at a single world championships , bettering the previous record of six set by australia s ian thorpe at fukuoka , japan in .
the first was the hand of god goal when he punched the ball beyond goalkeeper peter shilton and the second was a goal of the century contender in the shape of a spectacular metre weave through six england players .
the fish nuggets had become percent bigger .
california has a long way to go to full recovery
cnn a new statement attributed to al qaeda leader osama bin laden condemns european countries for siding with the united states in afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to islam s prophet , mohammed .
many americans also oppose the death penalty and texas has become known as the legalized murder capital of the united states
it s confirmed ? asked today interviewer natalie morales .
the government told the national assembly yesterday it will move major state run organizations including korea electric power corporation and korea land corporation to provincial cities not in the metropolitan and south chungcheong regions , and excluding daejeon and jeju .
ellen page has received plaudits for her performance as the title character , and screenwriter diablo cody famously a former stripper has become one of hollywood s it scribes .
an explosion in a nightclub in northeast china killed people and injured , state media reported on thursday as investigators sought to pin down the cause .
a constitutional amendment initiative that would specify marriage is only between a man and a woman is awaiting verification by the california secretary of state s office after its sponsors said they had gathered enough signatures to place it on a statewide ballot .
about , royal navy personnel were building an emergency barrier to keep the walham substation from flooding .
but the big story is not about these people .
ground water supplies usually increase in the winter and decrease in the spring and summer .
europe s economy also shows signs of resilience , despite the widening fallout of the ongoing credit crisis .
park became a member of the committee in .
a man made an emergency call to police this morning , saying he killed his entire family , the official said .
parity for the euro and pound is within sight , as the euro rose to an all time high of . pound .
after spending years writing the books , rowling said she was both euphoric and devastated that it s finally over .
a bipartisan bill currently stalled in the senate would bolster border security , but also provide illegal immigrants a path toward citizenship and a guest worker program long favored by president george w bush .
an encouraging employment report this morning
in the tournaments she has played over the last seven years , wie received exemptions or invitations .
the computer games , which volunteers from ibm spent nearly hours developing , test the animals memory , reasoning and learning , spitting out sheets of data for researchers at the zoo and atlanta s center for behavioral neuroscience , a partner in the project .
the commerce department reports the economy shrank at an annual rate of .
after talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , he said .
the couple got married in and have a son together .
for the first time in years , a state is preparing to execute a man for a felony other than murder .
the bank s key rate hit its recent peak of . percent in july and stayed there until december .
channel nine s feed was cut minutes into the debate between howard and the opposition leader kevin rudd .
the use of , to , troops is being considered , but president bush has not issued any order for the pentagon to mobilize its forces , and there is no official plan for an invasion , asian markets sank to a lower close as blue chips lost ground in the wake of u . s . stock losses last week .
habanos markets premium cigar brands , including montecristo , romeo y julieta and cohibas .
you look so bad , lee says of playing the film s titular bad , a sadistic killer who heads up a gang of bandits .
fighting there between u . s . troops and militants on wednesday led to what the interior ministry said were deaths .
they will be basically blocked from staying or writing articles in the buildings .
rhie asserted he is not at all anti semitic and that he would remove the parts that have drawn offense or write them differently .
the orchestra doesn t exist unless i put it together , charles kaye tells cnn from his home in london . i lift the phone to every one of the musicians because only that way can i be sure that i have the very best in the world .
the contracts , which include firm orders for airbus and boeing airplanes as well as deals with engine manufacturers , are worth a total of us . billion , emirates said in a statement .
they did not return to the classroom to share their experiences .
ruth graham was considered her husband s closest confidant during his spectacular global career one rivaled only by her father , l . nelson bell , until his death in .
although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims .
have them written out and with you at all times .
the business community has also been taking a beating
miami , florida cnn former chicago gang member jose padilla was found guilty thursday of guilty supporting islamic terrorism overseas .
we in west end had admired mr . travolta and his wife , kelly , wilchcomb said .
diplomats said monday s scheduled talks with iran will be limited to discussions about iraq s security , and not about the unresolved issues of detained americans in iran or the country s nuclear program .
asiana airlines management and its striking pilots union resumed contract negotiations yesterday , three days after the pilots began a general strike demanding better working conditions .
if so , this would jibe with the communist party congress decision last year to line up xi and li as presumptive successors to top party and government posts .
federal environment protection laws allow wild kangaroos to be hunted , and they are killed by licensed hunters under a quota system .
opposition parties that snubbed the vote claimed it was undemocratic and unconstitutional for the u . s . backed general , who seized power in a coup , to run while still army chief .
people shouldn t jump to conclusions until the general and the ambassador report , bush said .
chiapas police have thrown animals in the slammer before , including a bull that devoured corn crops and destroyed two wooden vending stands in march .
details of the response were not immediately released but senior state department officials said the gist was that north korea plans to hold up its end of the bargain and expects the united states to do the same .
this is a big opportunity , rinku singh says of his new job .
that state , make sure voter registration is free of fraud , is now headed to the supreme court .
i had been told that he would be saying these things .
but leaders in the united states and other countries , including some european nations , have expressed concerns that iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons under the guise of a nuclear energy program .
he reported million to million in assets , including his share in giuliani co . , a partnership that provides an array of consulting services .
chin said at a conference that the foreign currency authorities will take steps to balance demand and supply of u . s . dollars in the korean currency market to help curb the rapid surge in the won s value .
there is an increased radiation risk to humans in space .
suu kyi won the nobel peace prize in .
johansson
the older you are , the more fragile you are physically , so contact becomes increasingly important for good health .
polls suggest a three way battle between hillary clinton , barack obama and john edwards for the democrats .
the government will announce several candidate sites to house a new administrative capital .
windows server is the server operating system equivalent to the vista pc operating system , with an emphasis on many of the same features , such as better security .
mandela , who turns on july , has visited london many times , and has expressed gratitude to the city for the constant vigil that was held outside the south african embassy during the apartheid years .
the taliban has repeatedly denied receiving any money .
experts fear the remaining healthy animals could become extinct within the next two decades if they are not isolated from the disease .
the bank said one of its traders , a french man in his s , had made fraudulent transactions involving european index futures that were beyond his permitted trading limits , then created false transactions to cover his tracks .
from st . peter s in rome to st . paul s in london , i find churches offer a more genuine welcome first thing in the morning .
work stations with a built in treadmill and portable meeting rooms are just some of the developments that may become commonplace in the offices of the future .
last june , a naval shootout killed six south korean sailors , and a year earlier , communist and south korean troops fired shots across the demilitarized zone separating the two sides .
it s almost open , jeff bryan joked after he and his wife spent minutes waiting for their luggage after an overnight british airways flight from miami to heathrow . we didn t mind because we re not in a rush , but a lot of people were , he told the associated press .
the comments from the two retired british generals come in the wake of criticism of british military performance in basra made by u . s . officials and washington s fears that prime minister gordon brown is poised to sanction a british troop
upcoming contests this week in wisconsin , washington state and hawaii are expected to favor obama , but the campaigns are looking to march , when delegate rich texas and ohio hold their contests .
ganeline said authorities have locked down her dormitory in southern moscow which houses about students from asia , central asia and the caucasus every april for the past several years . she said officials call it a fire safety drill .
there is an enormous understanding .
the hancock county sheriff s office in northwestern ohio declared roads off limits to nonemergency vehicles , threatening anyone else traveling through the county with arrest .
pyongyang has agreed to take the first steps towards nuclear disarmament , promising to shut down its main nuclear reactor in return for fuel aid .
the first of the planes is set to roll out of boeing s everett , washington , plant sunday and is set for its first test flight in august or september and first delivery in may next year .
us state department spokesman sean mccormack said it was time for north korea to make its move so that all of us can move forward .
use of fluoroquinolones in food producing animals can result in antibiotic resistance .
cnn s poll of polls , an averaging of the most recent surveys in each state , suggests the race is extremely tight , with obama ahead by points in texas and clinton ahead by in ohio .
bank of korea bok governor lee seong tae warned of an economic slowdown , thursday , saying u . s . financial market unease will pull down growth rates here and pour cold water on consumption and corporate investment .
henman has won career singles titles , including one masters series crown in paris in and won a silver medal in the men s doubles at the atlanta olympic games in .
flight og had flown to phuket on sunday from the thai capital , bangkok .
the u . s . and some allies claim tehran is using a civilian energy program as a cover to develop nuclear weapons , an allegation iran denies .
fatah leaders say they will no longer participate in the three month old unity government they formed with hamas unless the fighting ends .
the briton will land early on tuesday morning at london s heathrow airport , where she is expected to make a statement to the media .
hamas spokesman ghazi hamad told cnn that hamas was directly involved in negotiating johnston s release .
even if thompson were to somehow double or even triple the number of organs americans donate , he would still have to live with some angst .
paying tribute to gonzales , bush said on monday that he had been subjected to months of unfair treatment and that his good name was dragged through the mud for political reasons .
oil initially surged as the dollar weakened after the empire state manufacturing survey , which monitors manufacturing capacity in new york state , indicated deteriorating business conditions in june .
militants threatened to behead interim prime minister iyad allawi s cousin and two female relatives unless he called off the u . s . led operation fair dawn to wrest control of falluja from insurgents .
asked why the campus , which has more than , students , was not shut down after the first shooting , flinchum responded that police determined it was an isolated event to that building and the decision was made not to cancel classes at that time .
the airline made arrangements for as many customers as possible to continue on their journey from changi airport to sydney aboard a boeing .
stockhausen sparked controversy in , when he described the september , , attacks in the united states as the greatest work of art one can imagine during a news conference in the northern german city of hamburg , where several of the suicide pilots had lived .
witnesses told police that saimon held a gun to one man s head and asked if anyone in the church was willing to trade their life for the man s , an investigator said .
while the arizona senator leads by a wide margin in the delegate count , former arkansas gov . mike huckabee has said he intends to stay in the race .
the teen committed suicide , but a defense attorney says prosecutors are the real bullies ?
in exchange , they said , north korea would be removed from the united states list of state sponsors of
amy winehouse hospitalized for drug reaction
he also set up a financial company in which nominee lee of the main opposition grand national party gnp invested . million .
israeli soldiers patrol manger square after occupying the town for the third time in recent months .
the state remained without a budget for an eighth day as a battle of wills dragged on between rendell , a democrat , and republicans in control of the state senate .
these pictures are further evidence that uncontacted tribes really do exist , survival director stephen corry said .
george pataki controls key appointments to the boards of the port authority of new york and new jersey , which owns the trade center site , and the lower manhattan development corp . , which has been charged with redeveloping it .
most of the fatalities drowned over the weekend in the eastern provinces of camarines sur and camarines norte , before mitag changed course and roared into the coastal town of palanan , further north in isabela province .
mayor frank jackson said five people were wounded when the teenager entered the successtech academy and walked down a corridor on the fourth floor firing .
in a country where music like most aspects of life is tightly controlled , the performance carried heavy symbolism .
the brain is an astonishing percent fat , and it needs omega s to function properly .
meanwhile , prosecutors are now threatening the foreign media saying thursday they will consider filing a suit against the financial times for having described them as witch hunters fanning anti foreign capital sentiment .
the dam will be a wall of concrete meters tall and more than two kilometers long .
unicef estimates that million ethiopian children under the age of are at risk and that more than , have only about a month to live .
earlier today , taliban gunmen assassinated the top afghan female police official .
the poll carries a margin of error of plus or minus . points and was conducted from may .
the job cuts represent about . percent of novartis global work force .
london , england cnn britain s home office has signed an extradition order that will send accused terrorist abu hamza al masri to the united states for prosecution , cnn has confirmed .
an unidentified person called one of the tower s offices to warn that a bomb had been placed inside a car on one of the building s parking levels .
and in northwest pakistan , not far from the afghan border , a man pretending to need help with his car set off a bomb and killed people taking part in a local election .
the government unveiled rescue measures for credit delinquents .
this is part of a push by obama for legislation to protect consumers by ending some credit card industry practices like sudden interest rate hikes .
with four digit inflation and violent maoist guerrillas , peru for many years was hardly the place for a seaweed wrap in a swank hotel .
chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted .
after hearing the projections , obama and vice president elect joe biden argued that we were being too timid and that we needed to develop a plan that would save or create at least million jobs , the aide said .
near charleston s main firehouse , people left notes and flowers at the base of a monument to the firefighters tuesday , according to ap .
the absence of women may be more glaring this year because another key category , album of the year , also is without a single female artist .
it is thought the rebels were from cleric moqtada sadr s mehdi army , but its officials in baghdad blamed rogue elements out of his control .
the names of the new defendants have not been released yet .
the report also said the park s electrical equipment was poorly managed , with exposed power lines near pedestrian areas , raising concerns about electrical shocks or fires .
thaksin faces conflict of interest and malfeasance charges related to his wife s purchase of a prime piece of bangkok real estate in .
we are trying to find out why the wheel broke , he told the associated press .
debbie bates , from australia , wrote as a mother of two , i cannot imagine for a moment what you are going through .
bernanke says if lawmakers do come up with something , it should kick in quickly , and help break through the credit clog to really help the economy .
about people were killed across the country in a series of bomb and mortar attacks as shia muslims celebrated the festival of ashura .
one of his vertebrae , or backbones , has slipped against another , causing severe pain .
european leaders will press beijing for action to lower barriers to foreign investment and to let its currency , the yuan , rise more quickly in value , abou told reporters .
both men are dressed in military fatigues .
the disclosure is the latest evidence of contacts between top administration officials and the beleaguered energy giant as it struggled to avoid filing for bankruptcy a massive billion year environmental protection plan to combat a worsening pollution problem .
it will be several days before all the power is back on in kentucky and other states slammed by a crippling winter storm that is responsible for more than deaths .
